
    Chapter Text
     Kristana had gone out seeking adventure, attempting to break away from the rather stuffy and boring life her parents laid out for her. Searching for adventure was a common thing among humans that had just bloomed into proper adulthood, like so many heroes and adventurers that had come before; and with the world so relatively unexplored, with so many blank spaces on the maps, it was just  begging for someone like Kristana to come along.  Maybe adventurers normally didn’t look like Kristana did: she was tall and slim, almost willowy, with modest curves to her frame. She was taller than the average girl, but that was hardly a plus, as futas like her were generally curvier and more confident than she; all the futa adventurers in stories and tales from the cities were sword-maidens of unsurpassed beauty and curvature, or big, strong amazons. She didn’t fit the bill in most cases, but she made up for it in intent and drive, and a willingness to make something of herself. Or so she had hoped. And while she didn’t have much in the way of practical training, she was decent enough, as far as things went. She’d learned how to use a sword and a spear in her backyard, read books and examined maps, and then, one day, just went off on what she hoped was the journey of a lifetime. She didn’t have much in the way of a plan, and her parents certainly weren’t fond of the idea, but she was resolute - after all, her parents could barely convince her to use her given name rather than a nickname, so what they said had little bearing.  She’d figured that one of the main cities would have something for her to do, some undertaking that was worthy - something to give her purpose. Unfortunately, it didn’t quite turn out the way she had wished. Her region was fairly stable and rather calm, and there simply wasn’t anything for an aspiring adventurer to do. Instead, she had jumped on the first available job that seemed to fit her requirements and would allow her to get out there and see the world, promising all the excitement of long nights on the road, treacherous terrain, risks of conflict and whiffs of intrigue: the job of a caravan guard. It sucked. Unequivocally, the job was a miserable mess. The weather was a constant sore, and she’d figured out rather quickly that the rainy season was a  terrible time to travel. She’d changed her clothes more times than she could count in the first few days, with her socks constantly wet and her boots filled with water. It wasn’t much better afterward, either, and running along bumpy dirt roads while escorting slow caravans with smelly beasts of burden was mind-numbingly boring. It was made worse that the gear she had been given didn’t quite fit her frame, making it shift and wobble all across her slim body, forcing her to adjust and readjust constantly. Then there were her fellow caravan guards, who were far less amicable with her. She was teased by them for being so relatively young; eighteen summers was a young age to be adventuring, especially for someone with no practical training. While Kris was fairly sure that the theories she’d read would let her best them in a fight, they had experience over her, and were happy to flaunt it - or, maybe they were just happy to pick on the youngest, newest member, abusing their seniority and authority. She was forced to do all the jobs no one else wanted, having them practically tossed onto her lap, and she couldn’t say no. It was hardly what she envisioned for herself, and only two and a half weeks in, she was absolutely fed up with being a caravan guard. Not even being on the road was enough to alleviate her boredom, and staring at the same dull trees was little better than being back home and staring out her window all day. And so it was, day in and day out, just another boring job for Kristana to go through the motions of, finding the entire situation fall well short of her expectations and desires.  “Oi, Kris!” One of her fellow guards shouted one night, after the caravans had stopped in a roadside clearing and all the guards started settling down for the day. Kris wasn’t tired or sore as the rest acted, but just bored and weary, inwardly hoping for something - anything - to break up the droll atmosphere that settled over the place. “You’re on night watch!” Kris sighed and clicked her tongue, setting her helmet to the side and brushing at her curls of rich, black hair. It fell down to her shoulders in gentle waves and curls, shorter than was the typical style of her region, but far more elegant. It dipped down her forehead in a few loose strands and curls, but the bulk of her fringe was parted off neatly to the sides in an elegant sweep. She took a little more care of her hair than was entirely appropriate for an adventurer, she was sure, but it was her most defining feature, what with her modest chest and slight curves.  “I did night watch yesterday!” Kris whined in return, fluffing out the choppy strands that tickled her shoulders. “And then night before, and the night before  that. ” “Yeah?” The other guard walked around the wagon, a smirk on his broad, red-cheeked face. He looked just like a farm boy, but older; someone that was living off the easy, lazy, dreadfully boring caravan job. He had certainly been hired for the intimidating factor of his bulk, rather than any brain. “Well, we took a vote.” Kris sighed, and nudged the ground with her foot. “...Fine.” He backed off with a smile, all but tossing his own gear away as he got comfortable, and Kris sighed again. She simply couldn't argue against her fellows, even though she inwardly burned at the injustice of it. It was easy to imagine herself as a bold, fearless adventurer, but the truth was that she lacked the vital nugget of confidence that ran through all of them. She wasn't quite resourceful nor forward, and retreated into her shell too often to be good for her intended job.  And so Krista avoided yet another confrontation with the caravan guards, and let them set up their little camp and start shuffling their cards. They would play for some time yet before nodding off to sleep, and then complain about waking up too early and being too tired, as they always did - like clockwork. At least Kris was able to avoid the whining, and that was the only silver lining in being put on night watch once again. She left her helmet on the wagon as she stood up, bracing her halberd against her shoulder as if she were on parade or in formation - something the others teased her about to no end. She set off down the road, attempting to establish a perimeter, as she always did. Technically, the caravan guard's handbook - or the single sheet she'd been given by the office - specified that the guards were supposed to do that before stopping for the night, but they had forgone it each time, with Kris being the only one to attempt it. She didn't really stray far from the caravans, just moving up and down the road, stopping by and leaning against the wagons once and a while for a brief rest.  The night was calm, the air cool, with a tiny bit of a chill to it. It was miles better than the miserable rain of days passed, giving her some sort of relaxation as she walked along. When she immersed herself in the wilderness like this it was easy to forget that she was just a boring old caravan guard - for a few moments, before the clanking of her ill-fitting armour startled her and any animals that might have been nearby. She didn't stray far from the road, and even stepped into the footprints and wagon-marks of caravans and travellers that had passed earlier in the day, musing on their purpose and intentions in a silent game. It was easy enough to imagine herself doing grander, more exciting things when she was marching in their footsteps and along their paths, peering into the muddy marks and wondering if they were soldiers, guards, or adventurers, or what manner of esoteric goods they might have been transporting. It was the only entertainment she had in the dark hours of the day, when she was all alone on a boring path doing a boring job in a boring region of the country.  It was on one of her upward circuits that she caught sight of a light between the trees, just up ahead and past the main bend of the road - the tell-tale signs of a campfire, burning just out of the way. Someone had obviously stopped for the night just as the caravan had, and was sheltering behind the press of the trees. it wasn't exactly a hidden campfire, but it intrigued Kris all the same - which, granted, could have just been because she had literally nothing else to do and was bored out of her mind, but she found herself wanting to investigate further.  To protect the caravan, she assured herself, even though it was entirely because she was curious and wanted to do anything but march up and down the road on night watch duty. She set her halberd firmly against her shoulder and marched toward the faintly glowing fire, her steps even and measured. For the first time she was thankful that her gear was so noisy, as it allowed whoever was in the camp to hear her approach long before they heard her, ensuring that they wouldn't be surprised or scared by the approach of an armed and armoured guard.  ...Though, they could be bad guys,  her mind supplied hesitantly.  What if they're bandits? That might give them more time to prepare...  As she got closer, a faint, but tantalizing aroma wafted past her nostrils - something like cooking meat and bubbling liquid, but she wasn't sure. It made her reason that whoever-it-was was cooking their supper, and it made her own tummy growl with hunger. She'd only gnawed on travel biscuits the entire day, and being on night watch meant that she wouldn't be able to eat her oat porridge until much later. She rounded the trees that shielded the campfire, her grip tightening just a fraction on the wooden haft of her polearm. What she saw, thankfully, was no bandit camp, but an entirely normal camp. The center had an expertly put-together fire, arranged for maximum burn-time and little need for maintenance, with a blanket spread out around it form sitting upon, and a sleeping roll off to the side along with modest merchant's packs.  What mainly caught Kris' attention, however, was the incredibly, jaw-droppingly pretty woman sitting in the middle of the blanket, tending to a pot of bubbling stew. Not a human woman, though - a Drow female, a sight so rare in Kris' region that it made her stop and stare. Her skin was an ashy grey, not quite the dark black she heard about through gossip, but a washed-out shade. Her hair was a snowy white, side-swept over one side of her head and draped over one of her slender shoulders, long enough that pooled against her thighs. Her eyes were a bright violet, her gaze inquisitive and teasing, and -  -Kris blinked. She was suddenly aware that she had been staring for far too long, gazing at the beautiful drow woman clearly cooking her evening meal and Kris was just an armed and armoured newcomer that had yet to say a single word. But the Drow didn’t seem scared or irritated, and from the way her intent violet eyes scanned over Kris’s face, she looked to be staring, too. “My,” the Drow drawled, propping up a single elegantly arched white eyebrow, “What a pleasant surprise. I didn’t expect to see such a pretty little thing out here in the woods.” Her voice was like a silky purr, all smooth and sensuous, and it made Kris’ mouth go dry. The exotic lilt to her words was attractive, and for more than just how appealing it made her words - it appealed to Kris’s adventurous desire, an indication that  this  woman was an adventurer, someone from far off and away - the kind of person that Kris wanted to just spend time with, talking about her travels. There was also the fact that there had to be  something about this Drow to make her travel alone; a mage, perhaps, or something other, because anyone that beautiful and richly dressed was sure to be prey for bandits, monsters, or soldiers, who would be happy to have their way with her. Kris realized that she was staring like a weirdo for a  second time, and started up, armour clanking. “U-uh, s-sorry. I was - I’m a guard for ah, uh, caravan. I’m securing the road for the night, and I, uhm, saw your campfire.” “Oh,” the Drow purred, looking Kris over. “I see. How very hard-working of you.” “I - I guess,” Kris replied lamely, and swallowed thickly. “Uh - Sorry to bother you. I’ll be on my way -” “You can’t spare a minute?” The Drow questioned, leaning back just a bit and extending her long torso back. The dress she wore was of some eastern elvish make, all fine cloth and silks, with inlaid filigree. It wrapped around her narrow neck and fit snugly around her voluptuous body, outlining every considerable curve as if it were a tunic a size too small. Her curves were distracting, and it sent Kris’s blood rushing to all the wrong places. “The road is so boring, and I would be very appreciative of any company.” Kris blinked, eyes shifting off of the Drow’s large chest. “Y-You want me to, ah, stay?” The Drow smiled, flashing perfectly neat, white teeth. “I’d be delighted. I have more than enough food for the both of us.” Kris licked her lips, looking over the pot of stew, the gorgeous woman kneeling on the blanket, and then looked over her shoulder into the dark of the night, in the vague direction of her caravan. “Well, I guess - If I don’t take long, I won’t be missed.” The Drow smiled even further, and patted the blanket beside her. “Why don’t you get all that armour off and take a seat?” Kris didn’t  want  to strip herself of her defences, but the armour hardly fit at all, and the halberd wasn’t exactly light. It was probably more compromising than it should have been, and Kris knew enough warnings of the road not to make herself so vulnerable, but she was horribly bored  and utterly fascinated with the beautiful Drow, so the decision was practically made for her. She worked at her buckles and straps quickly and let the few armour pieces fall off her slim body, tumbling to the ground around her. She sat down beside the Drow, feeling just a tiny bit awkward and little nervous. While the ashy-skinned woman looked young, her face angular and pretty, with high cheekbones and a narrow chin, that meant little with the elven races; she could have been a century old, and when compared to Kris’s tender eighteen summers of age, she felt tiny by comparison. It didn’t help that the Drow was taller than her even when sitting, and her curves were considerable.  “My name is Sevana,” The Drow said, her eyes flicking over Kris’s now-revealed body. “Of Minor House Syr.” “Uh - Kris,” she replied awkwardly. “Just Kris.” “Just Kris?” Sevana raised one of her perfectly manicured eyebrows. “That’s no name for a cute little thing like yourself.” Kris fidgeted, her cheeks dusting with pink. “I-It’s - It’s shorthand. My name is Kristana, but it’s… a mouthful.” The Drow’s lips curved into a smirk. “Kristana? That’s an elegant name for a pretty girl.” Kris shook her head, frustration taking away her ability to measure her words. “It’s long and clumsy and - it makes me sound like a noble or something. It’s just my parents getting weird ideas into their heads.” Almost instantly Kris regretted her outburst, yet Sevana only laughed, the noise soft and tinkling. “Ah, parental troubles. I understand.” Kris sucked on her lower lip, unsure of how to respond. Fortunately, Sevana took hold of the conversation, preventing any awkwardness from ensuing. “So,  Kris, what made a cute girl like yourself become a caravan’s guard?” The repeated comments about her being cute or pretty made Kris’ cheeks flush even pinker, but she tried to push that aside. She wasn’t used to compliments, and was even less used to talking with beautiful women, and not dealing with the problem seemed like the best tact for her inexperienced self. “I, well - I wanted to… It’s going to sound silly, but I wanted to go out on an adventure. But my town is boring, and there was nothing but being a caravan guard. I thought it would get me out of there, but it’s just - just  so boring. ” “Ah, adventure. I understand completely.” Sevana chuckled amicably, as if she sympathized. “Thinking of what? Slaying monsters? Winning glory, finding treasure? Being a hero?” The Drow winked flirtatiously. “The ladies you’ll bed?” Kris swallowed hard and looked away, laughing nervously. “I didn’t, ah, think it through. Anything, I think.” “I’m sure you’ll do… at  least one of those things,” Sevana purred, her tone almost suggestive. She broke eye contact after a moment, her long, tapered ears twitching as she reached for the ladle buried in the bubbling pot. Kris stared, and almost belatedly reached out for the clay bowls that were contained in a tiny pack of cooking supplies right beside them. She wasn’t sure if it was okay to reach into the stranger's bag and just pull things out, but it seemed wrong to let the elegant lady do the serving herself, at least, so Kris retrieved a pair of bowls and held them out. “Thank you,” Sevana said smoothly. She put an equal helping of stew into each one and topped them with chunks of broiled meat, and winked at Kris. "Do let me know how it tastes." They settled back, with Kriss hastily passing out spoons to the both of them. The woman's motions were demure and precise, as elegant as any of the elven races were expected to be, and Kris tried to mirror her actions, though clumsily. The first mouthful, though, was enough for Kris to stop short, her mouth tingling and marvelling at the flavour. "Wow," she said unimaginatively. "This is good." "Many thanks," the Drow said simply, her smirk dimpling her flat cheeks. "Always a pleasure to hear a girl likes my cooking." "I do," Kris replied, not quite as smoothly as she imagined, but without a hint of a stutter. She lifted the spoon to her mouth and took another mouthful, still marvelling at how good the Drow made stew taste. "This is much better than what I had back home." "Elven cooking, I suppose," Sevana said, shrugging. The dress left her shoulders and arms bare, only wrapping around her torso and down to her legs, so the smooth, ashy skin of her limbs rippled when she moved. She wasn't muscular in the least, and her arms looked as soft and smooth as silk. "Humans favour a wider variety of foods, but much more modestly prepared." "I - I guess." Kris frowned. "I don't really know. I haven't been anywhere, or... eaten anything new." Sevana looked at her for a moment. "You're young. There's plenty of time to see the world, and I'm sure you'll have excellent company for it." Her lips curved into a sly grin. "At least, I think I will." Kris bided her time by shoving another spoonful of the rich broth between her lips. The emphasis on certain words left no ambiguity as to their meaning, and Kris's imagination easily filled in the gaps. She wasn't sure if the teasing, suggestive comments were common of all Drows, or just her current meal partner, but it was enough for the girl to flush and stumble. It wasn't that Kris was bad with girls, per se, but she was shy and nervous, and never sure where things stood - and on top of that, she was wholly inexperienced, as the last thing on her mind was bedding another girl in town when she wanted to be free and adventure.  She'd always reasoned that she could just find a brothel in the main cities, and get herself laid with someone suitably exotic, or something of the sort. It was never a pressing issue, and she'd never considered her lack of talent with women as something that mattered to an adventurer, but when faced with the beautiful Drow woman, she felt herself re-assessing her skill base - and struggling not to go totally red in the face like she shy, nervous girl she was. She struggled for a conversational topic change. "Uhm... Can I ask what brings you out here? S-since you know I'm a caravan guard, and all." Sevana hummed. "I suppose so - while I've had a few cuties attempt a robbery of me, I don't think you will." She gestured out to her pack while Kris fidgeted beside her. "I'm a courier of magical goods, one could say. Sometimes I retrieve them from... places." "Oh." Kris had... little to no idea about magic and magical items save for stories, so she wasn't quite sure what Sevana was talking about or what magical goods entailed, but didn't want to let her ignorance show. "Does that mean you're a mage, then? O-or a, uh, sorceress?" Sevana let out another tinkling laugh. "Of a sort." She popped her spoon between her pale lips, and Kris' eyes widened fractionally as she took in how deep Sevana was pushing the spoon into her mouth. It was exaggeratedly far, as if showing just how much of the slender wooden object she could take between her lips - she was certainly showing off, as there was no reason to do so if she just wanted to eat. She pulled it back out, her lips wrapping snug around the length of it, before popping out around the rounded edges. It was oddly mesmerizing and suggestive in a way that made Kris wonder what else Sevana could do with her lips, but she pushed those thoughts down. It didn't help that her body reacted positively, with blood rushing downward and her cock tingling, and she shifted her thighs. "S-so, I guess you're not headed to the next town, then." "No, I'm headed to Kriegsberg," Sevana answered, tucking some of her white hair back behind her long, tapered ear. "Pretentious mages only like the big cities, as I'm sure you'll learn." "I guess they are kinda arrogant in the stories," Kris agreed, pursing her lips.  "That they are," Sevana muttered, shaking her head. "But let's not talk about those boorish fellows. I want to know more about you." "M-me?" Kris laughed shyly. "Oh, there's nothing interesting about me. You're far more interesting, honestly." Sevana raised her eyebrow again, and Kris marvelled at the elegance with which she performed that simple act. "Am I?" "Y-yeah, definitely," Kris replied eagerly. "I've never met a Drow before, and you're really nice. And you seem so - so worldly, and you're a mage, and you go around adventuring for magic items. That's really cool." Sevana smiled brightly, as if pleased. "Well, I'm flattered, Kris. I thought it was a pleasure hearing my cooking was good, but hearing that from your cute lips is far more pleasing." Kris flushed. "Y-you're welcome, but it's not just flattery. I mean it." "I know," the Drow purred, "I can tell." She slid one leg over the other, setting her now-empty bowl aside. Kris hadn't realized that the dress was so slitted, and the long cuts that rose up the sides flared out as her legs shifted and bared a great deal more of her legs and thighs than Kris expected to see. Staring at the long, supple limbs made her mouth dry, and she tried - and failed - not to stare for too long. Sevana didn’t seem to mind her staring, though, and only grinned that little bit wider. “So you’ve never seen a Drow woman, before?” Sevana asked, her tone lilting, as if leading Kris on. “Never… been with a Drow woman?” “U-uh, no, I’ve never - never met one before,” Kris replied hesitantly, cradling her bowl as if for dear life. “Er, I… already said that, sorry.” Sevana made a noise, and then hummed. “What do you think about us now?” “Well, we’ve only just met,” Kris said shyly. “I don’t really know all that much about you.” “Oh?” Sevana grinned, her elegant, inviting lips curving upward. “You want to get to know me better, do you?” “A-ah,” Kris stammered, face red. “I mean, I’m not, uh, averse to it.” Sevana slid in closer to her, leaving just a respectful distance between them that felt  far  too shallow for comfort. She leaned back, setting one hand behind her body to brace herself as her legs stretched out comfortably. “I would  very much like to get to know you better, too, Kristana. You’re a real cutie.” “T-thanks.” She ran her small tongue over her lips, trying to ignore the fragrant scent of Sevana’s perfume.  “But,” Sevana drawled slowly, “I’m sure you can tell me your first impressions of a Drow, hm?” Kris set her bowl down beside her, feeling awkward with it still in her hands. “You’re very… kind? Very welcoming. It’s, uhm, nice, since the other guards… aren't.” “Now  that is a real shame,” Sevana said slowly, shifting the hand behind her just a little bit to the right and planting it partially behind Kris, allowing her to lean in a little better. “That’s not very nice of them.” “I guess it’s not,” Kris admitted, her neck flushing the closer Sevana got. Were all Drows this friendly? “But it’s okay.” “If you say so.” The Drow’s hand reached over, very gently tracing along Kris’ arm. Even with all her clothing in the way and the ever-so-slight brushing of her fingers, it felt like pinpricks of heat against her skin. “That’s why I usually travel alone, and only spend time with people that I find attractive.” “I-is that so?” Kris swallowed hard, unable to move or think straight as Sevana settled in closer beside her, their hips just barely grazing.  “Mhm,” Sevana hummed, her voice sing-song and lilting. “And I’ve been alone for so long that I feel that itch to spend time with someone again. And then you just up and fell into my lap, just like that.” Kris tried for a laugh, hoping her nervousness didn’t show on her face. “That’s… a good thing?” “A very good thing,” Sevana purred, leaning in even closer. She was so beautiful that it made Kris’s heart stutter and pound against her ribcage, as if trying to break free. “I have to admit that I’ve got a weakness for cute girls, especially young, pretty humans.”  “A w-weakness?” Kris was sure her face was bright red by now. She imagined a smoother, more well-spoken adventurer could easily keep up the conversation with the confidant Drow, but Kris was far too shy to keep up. “I - I don’t, uhm -” “I have a confession to make,” Sevana said, her voice bordering on a silky sigh. “You’re  exactly my type, and I’ve wanted to eat you up since you walked into my camp.” Kris swallowed hard, her mouth incredibly dry. “O- oh -  Oh. I - I don’t really, uh -” Sevana’s hand slipped down Kris’ torso, sliding down her skinny frame at a slow, languorous pace. It was clearly deliberate, giving Kris enough time to shy away if it was too much, but the girl was practically frozen to the spot and unable to make heads or tails of the situation. She wasn’t sure what to do at all, and she’d never, ever had a woman be so brazen toward her before, nor confess that she was aroused by Kris.  Ostensibly, she knew that she was a pretty girl - her face was round and small, with a neatly pointed chin and big brown eyes, with cleverly applied kohl smeared around them to properly bring them out - her face and hair were her best features in her opinion, and she made sure to bring them out. But other than that she only had modest curves and was fairly lanky all together, which was hardly a selling point for a futa, when compared to all the other, more stud-like specimens out there. Granted, that might have entirely been in her own mind, but still - it was weird, surely? “And I  love first-timers,” Sevana said, her voice dripping with desire. Her hand slipped over Kris’s crotch, her palm pressing firmly into the considerable bulge that she only then noted was far too visible to be polite, but any thought of apologizing was torn away from her as pressure was exerted on her covered cock. It made her whimper just a tiny bit, her hips urging her to roll and buck against the firm hand pressing into her, and she held back - if only just.  “Oh, my,” Sevana husked, and Kris squirmed. “I - uh -” “That feels  big, ” Sevana commented, eyes wide, but oddly content. “You really are a treat, aren’t you?” “I’m not - I don’t -” Kris swallowed, unsure of what to say or what to do when a beautiful Drow was stroking her cock through her pants, making her skin flush and body tingle. She definitely wasn’t used to having someone else touch her, and her impressively hard cock throbbed with gratification as it felt a foreign hand apply pressure to its barely contained mass. Just the sight of the pretty Drow and her constant teasing had filled out her cock and made it swell, and while Kris was normally able to contain herself - or, at least, pretend her dick wasn’t at full mast - hormones were a difficult thing to overcome, and an inexperienced girl like herself was putty in the Drows’ experienced ones. A fact that Sevana clearly picked up on, as she leaned in until her face was but a centimeter away from Kris’s, her pink tongue sweeping out to lick her soft lips. “I promise to take good care of you, cutie.” She didn’t even wait for Kris to respond and her hand was already dipping down, pushing through the waistband of her pants. She took the initiative, leaning in until their bodies were nicely pressed together, her voluptuous flanks right against Kris’s narrow sides. She wasted no time in pulling her pants down around the significant bulge of her cock, though it wasn’t as easy as the Drow expected; she was forced to tug twice to get the tight-fitting waistband and the briefs underneath down around the bulge, an indication that Sevana had underestimated her size - something that was made a fact as Kris’s log of a cock flopped free, and Sevana’s eyes went even wider. Kris had no basis for size of dicks, especially not for size of girldicks, but from the way Sevana stared, she could only assume she was very, very large. Her cock wasn’t quite at her full nine-inches as the restrictive nature of her pants were meant to contain her monstrous length, but it was very close, and it rendered Sevana almost dumbstruck.  “....You  are big,” Sevana murmured, her voice tinged with an equal mixture of surprise and eagerness. “I didn’t expect - My, you really are a catch.” Kris only blushed and stammered, unsure of what to say or how to respond, but it didn’t seem like the Drow expected her to. She took the awe-inspiring length of cock into her smooth hand, and Kris instantly groaned at the unfamiliar feel of such a silky-smooth and soft hand caressing her throbbing meat. She’d touched herself before, of course, but it didn’t compare at all to having the absolutely perfect skin of a Drow touching her, lightly applying pressure with her unblemished palm. Fingers wrapped tentatively around her girth, growing accustomed to her above-average size. Sevana’s fingers could barely get all the way around it, forcing her to wrap her fingers around it a little tighter and press in harder, to properly grasp it. Kris just groaned as she felt fingers press into her hard flesh, sending tingles through her cock. It felt absolutely amazing, with the pressure being exactly what her needy cock wanted, and she could barely suppress the shivers that ran through her. And when Sevana moved her hand, sliding her silky palm against her length, fingers caressing and rubbing across the vascular girth, she was sent into trembles. She was more than a little ashamed at how easily she was overwhelmed by the feeling of her hand, but her virgin self just couldn’t cope with the incredible sensations. Her cock throbbed in Sevana’s hand as she moved up and down, pumping all nine inches from base to tip, rolling stiff, aching flesh with tightly-gripping fingers. She settled into an efficient handjob, her hand rolling and wrist twerking smoothly, her gorgeous eyes flicking between the girldick and Kris’s face, admiring the way pleasure and bliss played across her young, eighteen-year-old face. The girl groaned and bit her lip, fingers curling into the blanket underneath her, her hips rolling subtly as her cock was jerked by the far too skilled Drow. She was undone in seconds, her inexperienced cock stroked to the point of bliss with just a few pumps, her eyes going hazy from the pleasure soaking into her so quickly and intensely. Sevana pushed herself against Kris, almost as if hugging her while her bare arm reached over and her grey-skinned hand firmly stroked and pulled the pale slab of cockmeat between Kris’s legs. Her large breasts pushed firmly into the human’s shoulder, squishing out like soft pillows, and Kris found herself leaning into her as her dick was tugged upon so skillfully. Sevana’s curvaceous body fit against hers neatly, providing a comfortable mass for her to rest upon as the Drow eagerly ran her hand over her girlcock, her palm rolling up and down while her fingers squeezed and pulled, making her cock throb powerfully. It swelled between her fingers, and Kris found herself moaning and squeaking as pleasure assaulted her dick in an unending wave. She had never imagined that something like this could feel so good, or that someone so beautiful and elegant would be happy to take the inexperienced human girl and start giving her a handjob, and the mixture of the situation’s oddness, the Drow’s awesome skill, and her stunning beauty was enough to set Kris into overdrive, to make her submit to the overwhelming pleasure far faster than was appropriate.Her cock throbbed once, twice, then three times in the tight cage of Sevana’s fingers, and then her dick was suddenly exploding like a volcano, unleashing week’s work of pent-up sperm, her fat, swollen balls tensing and throbbing as they sent seed rushing up through her shaft. Sevana kept on stroking, amazingly unfazed despite the human’s meaty prick ejaculating in her hand; and each pump and flick of her wrist coaxed out yet more streams of thick, gooey fluid, staining her ashy-grey hand and Kris’s pelvis with pure white strands. Ropes spilled from her throbbing tip, rolling down the engorged length of her meaty spear, sliding through fingers that remained tightly clasped around it as if to quell the rising spasms and throbs. “Oh my,” Kris moaned, her voice coming out in a soft squeak. “Oh my, oh my.” “You are positively  virile, ” Sevana husked, and Kris was surprised by just how aroused she sounded; she could practically cut through the arousal dripping off her words with her halberd. That is, she could have, if her mind was overloaded with the bliss of cumming in the older Drow’s hand.  Her hand pulled away, but Kris’s cock was still painfully hard and frighteningly engorged, with a few last dribbles of pearly-white cum dribbling down her shaft. Her balls still felt absolutely swollen with cum yet unshed, a build-up months in the making, and there was a simple fact that her biological drive was jump-started and set into high-gear when faced with a gorgeous, eager woman. But she could hardly think about any of that; her face was red, her small chest rising and falling heavily, her mind almost totally blown from the handjob - she felt like she couldn’t function properly, a sight that made Sevana laugh. “So adorable,” the Drow purred, leaning in and cupping Kris’s narrow chin with her unstained hand. She tipped her face to the side and quickly pressed their lips together, making Kris’s eyes go wide as those soft, plush lips pressed against her less impressive pair and fastened on tight. The Drow had just given her first handjob, and was now taking her first kiss, and did so with just as much experience; she tilted the girl’s head in all the right directions, pulling her into the positions she wanted and needed for their mouths to fit together properly. Their lips slid together neatly, mouths squishing softly. The kiss was deepened without effort, with Sevana easily teasing apart her lips and sliding her tongue into the warm, damp cavern. It was a slick, prodding rhythm, almost like a dance of their tongues; it started off slow, though, as the Drow gently teased her into the right motions, teaching her how to use her tongue properly. She was clumsy in her inexperience, her tongue slapping wetly against Sevana’s much more nimble one, but the Drow was a gentle teacher, easing her into moving her tongue properly.  It was soft and squishy, and far more lewd than Kris expected her first kiss to be, but she couldn’t deny that she loved it; loved the taste of her mouth, the supple texture of her pouty lips, the warmth of it all. It made her groan into the Drow’s mouth, her lips teased apart wider and wider as she ceded control to her, letting her tongue rove and move at will. But Sevana kept on teaching her  how to kiss, softly, sweetly, but with an undeniable hunger, as if this was the kind of stuff that the elder woman craved.  Their mouths parted with a wet pop, and a few strings of saliva bridged the gap. The Drow ran her tongue over her lips and smirked, her brilliant eyes flashing. “And you taste just delicious. How did I get so lucky for you to stumble into my arms?” Kris’s face was totally and utterly red, her pale neck flushed down to her chest, unable to do anything but squeak in reply. "I'm not sure?" Sevana laughed as if she'd just told a hilarious joke. Her hand stroked her jawline as her finger traced along the girl's lower lip, her own lips smiling eagerly. "You would be an amazing lover with just a bit of practice... How would you like for me to teach you how to make any girl scream in pleasure?" "U-uhm -" Kris swallowed hard, unsure of how to respond, going almost cross-eyed as she tried to focus on the thumb rubbing at her lips.  "Just say so, Kris," the Drow said softly, eagerly. While she was effortlessly taking control of the situation, giving the girl a handjob and plumbing her mouth with her tongue, she was giving Kris enough leeway to reciprocate, to move into it on her own, and that wasn't lost on the human girl. "O-okay," she stuttered, and Sevana smiled eagerly. She ran her tongue over her lips and pulled away, her curvy body drifting away from Kris's, something that made her inwardly sigh with disappointment. But her hands remained on her body, pulling the girl along with her as she shuffled back on the blanket, urging her into a similar lean. She was guiding, coaxing, allowing Kris to move into it herself, but in Kris's mind she was totally and utterly being manhandled by the Drow, spell-bound into following her wishes. The Drow leaned back, her hands drifting off Kris's slender body. She set her arms behind her and settled onto her elbows, propping her upper body up while the rest of her lounged out flat against the blanket. She winked at Kris, the subtle act sending thrills through her nubile body. "Take your shirt off, lover." "M-my...?" Kris swallowed hard at the look on her face, and while she was too shy to strip down in front of a stranger, she kind of... wanted to, for the Drow. She was still hesitant as her fingers dug into the hemline of her shirt, bringing it up slowly. She bared inches of her pale, flat stomach, dragging it up and over the simple banding she used to keep her small, B-cup breasts in check. She tossed her shirt off to the side, her skin prickling just a bit in the cold air, but the heat of the campfire kept her from being too cold.  She took the banding off next, letting her modest handfuls bounce free. They weren't much, just small and perky, capped with rosy nipples that stood at attention in the cold air - but Sevana looked at them as if they were much larger, even going so far as to coo, "So pretty," which made Kris flush harder. Her first instinct was typically to cover up, but with the Drow reacting so positively, she just couldn't. Sevana stretched her long legs out, setting one to either side of Kris's long, slender body, and the girl watched, mesmerized. The long slits of the dress let her legs maneuver easily, and she wore nothing to protect them as human modesty would urge, leaving the long, fair limbs bare. They were wonderfully tonged and perfectly shaped, the grey skin unblemished, and Kris just wanted to reach out and run her hands all over them. She didn't, as her attentions were distracted when Sevana reached for the front of her dress and tugged it aside, revealing that not only her legs were bare - her entire lower half was, as she seemingly had forgone any smallclothes of any sort. Kris gaped at her first look at the lower lips of a female, and a Drow, at that. They were slightly parted, gaping like the mouth of a flower, with the soft-looking inner folds flushed pink and moist with the juices of arousal. Her mound was puffy, her lips bare. Her pelvis, or, at least, the bit the girl could see, was totally flat and shaven, with the barest hints of a 'V' where her abdominals ended. It made Kris's mouth water at the sight of it, but she could do little than lick her lips and swallow, as she was just so unsure of what to do, or what Sevana wanted by baring herself to her.  "Lower your head, cutie," Sevana husked, her voice needy and throaty. "Get your mouth in between my legs." "Your - uh. Okay?" She swallowed hard again as she struggled to comply, leaning over awkwardly as she brought her face between her long legs and soft thighs. She couldn't deny that it was a very inviting sight, the arrowhead formed by her legs and the goal of her slick core like that of an archery target, but it was odd to her - she wasn’t really sure what she was supposed to  do, really, or what this even was.  Sevana was quick to explain, and almost eager to do it. “It’s not only men that need to be serviced, and girls love someone that knows to go down. Most heroes -” She cut herself off, chuckling. “Most  adventurers don’t know how, which is an awful shame; it’s a very useful skill.” She winked flirtatiously. “And you want to be a good adventurer, don’t you?” “Y-yeah.” Kris nodded, even though she couldn’t understand how what she was doing would relate to being a good adventurer. “I do.” Kris lowered herself down, getting her face between Sevana’s lush thighs. The Drow’s hand reached out to caress her black curls and waves, fingers sliding smoothly into her hair and urging her down further, guiding her face toward the apex of her thighs. Kris went in hesitantly, unsure of herself, but totally willing to do as the beautiful Drow told her. She smelled the tangy scent of her arousal and saw the glistening folds, which looked eager for her touch. “Use your tongue,” Sevana told her, her lips parted. “Lick it, as you would a candy.” “O-okay.” The human teenager got in closer, her mouth inches from the soft flesh of the Drow’s most intimate parts. Her tongue flicked out hesitantly, the tip tentatively running over the outermost portions of her folds. The taste didn’t make her recoil, and it wasn’t at all unpleasant, as she’d imagined. The slight contact of her tongue didn’t seem to be what Sevana wanted, though, and her fingers lightly stroked at Kris’s hair, as if urging her on, and she tried to go deeper. Her tongue licked out again, the tip sliding along the outer folds, her tongue dragging a bit on the spongy skin. It squished under her tongue at the slightest amount of pressure, and it was almost as if they were shying away from her questing tongue; and in response to the fleeting lower lips, she tried to use more of her tongue to lick, seeking more contact. She ran her tongue over the length of the pink slit, sliding it from top to bottom, her motions tentative but eager. She wasn’t sure what she was doing, but just running her tongue up and down  seemed right, insofar as licking candy went. Sevana purred, her fingers scratching at her scalp. “See? Not so hard. But try moving your tongue, lover; make patterns. Try spelling the alphabet with your tongue, as if writing - do you know how to write?” “H-huh? Y-yeah.” Kris frowned, staring at the shiny snatch, moving her tongue around in her mouth and spreading Sevana’s taste around. “Spelling…” She settled back in, lowering her face so close that her breath washed over glistening folds. Her tongue moved back in, pushing around the outer folds, moving in ‘patterns’, as Sevana said. She tried spelling out a few letters, pushing her tongue in straight lines at different angles, sliding along the slick membranes. Her tongue wasn’t used to moving in such ways, and it was clumsy at best, her tongue slapping at sticky skin as she struggled to move, but it  seemed like she was doing something right, as Sevana let out a low purr and tightened her fingers in her hair. “That’s it, yes,” she sighed, running her tongue over her full lips. “Go a bit deeper - don’t be shy, now…” Kris did as she said, sliding her tongue into the gap between her pussy lips and digging into the pink hole beyond. She was fairly wet, not quite leaking or dripping, but there was a healthy helping of her arousal on her folds and around her flushed vulva, and Kris collected quite a bit of her liquid as her tongue travelled. She spelled out letters as best as she could, working her tongue in vague patterns that weren’t quite up-and-down licks but neither really proper letters; but the attempt seemed to be bearing fruit, as Sevana’s breathing quickened. She watched the girl work with lusty eyes, but for the most part, Kris kept her head down, focused on the pink pussy before her and the ministrations of her tongue. “Get in there, yes,” Sevana purred, fingers sliding through the girl’s silky black hair and just idly scratching at her skull. Kris liked the feeling, even though it made her feel like a housecat; being pet was kinda nice, she had to admit. “Move your tongue around - ah, that’s it, that’s  nice.  You’re a natural, Kristana.” Kris settled in further, nuzzling her face into the puffy mound of the Drow’s cunt. Her nose brushed up against her sticky folds, and where the hardness grazed Sevana hissed and bucked her hips, sliding her wetness over the girl’s lips and chin. She gasped and pulled away in an attempt to right herself, but never to distance herself; she stayed close, working her tongue through the letters of the alphabet, running the broad flat of her tongue over and across the tangy folds of flesh. She poked deeper into her wetness, a fact that made Sevana purr happily, spurring her on even further. “Do you s-see the nub, there?” Sevana said, her breath catching in her throat as suppressed another of her lilting moans, “It looks like it’s hooded?” Kris nodded.  “It’s a sensitive point - tease it, but be gentle.” Kris was cautious as she ran her tongue over it, just flicking over the beady nub. Sevana shivered and sighed, and the girl pressed in closer, running her tongue over it again. She found that using the flat of her tongue was too clumsy, and she settled for just running the tip over it, flicking it gently as her mouth got closer. Putting too much attention on it didn’t seem wise to her inexperienced mind, though, and while it made Sevana sigh with pleasure, she alternated the flicks of her tongue with longer licks and more pattern-making, drilling her tongue into soft folds in an attempt to continue spelling.  She swept back up to the nub, running her tongue around the fleshy hood as if teasing it away from the Drow’s pearl. The elder woman groaned in response, arching her hips and bucking them a little harder, and Kris  worked harder, diligently eating her out as commanded. She lapped away, her mouth slurping on juices that ran out of her slit and stained her cheeks, allowing herself to be guided along by her words and suggestions, her constant comments on how to right herself and where to move her tongue, the proper ways to lick and suck and the places where she was most sensitive. “Like that,” the Drow sighed, “Just move a little to -  Ah, yesss, there -”Kris wasn’t going to fool herself into thinking she was doing a great job, but the way Sevana moaned and jerked her hips into her mouth made her chest swell with some sort of achievement - she was doing something right, at least. Working her tongue in the ways Sevana urged,  remembering the ways to move, and doing so with any speed wasn’t easy, and she found herself at a loss many times as she licked and suckled, her nose brushing soft folds and lips grazing the slick furrow, really digging into the Drow’s leaking snatch. “That’s nice,” Sevana groaned, fingers tangling deeper into her hair, pulling her face closer and closer to her pussy. Liquid dribbled out against Kris’s chin and against her tongue, and she lapped it all up without a second thought. “We’ll make something great of you yet, Kristana.” Kris looked up from the crook of her legs, making eye-contact with the gorgeous woman while her mouth sucked away. Sevana had a hand planted on one of her breasts and she was actively groping herself, fingers digging into the tight cloth struggling to contain her generous chest. Seeing the Drow self-pleasure herself due to Kris’s ministrations made her chest swell and cock throb, but on Sevana’s part, it seemed like meeting Kris’s eyes across the flat plane of her torso set her off, and she groaned and jerked her hips raggedly. “As much as I’d like to continue these lessons,” Sevana growled throatily, “I cannot  wait to have you inside me.”  She tugged on Kris’s head, patting her cheek soothingly before pushing her back. The Drow sat up straight as Kris blinked in confusion, and with a few swift movements she undid the clap around her neck and down the right side of her dress and quickly pulled the garment off entirely. Kris gaped as the Drow exposed her fully nude body to her young, hormonal eyes: she was a vision of beauty, all smooth, unblemished skin and feminine curves. Her belly was perfectly flat, with the only hint of musculature being the slight V of her abdomen. The curves of her hips were ample, her waistline like an hourglass, and her breasts were nice and big - just edging on D-cups. Kris’s mouth went dry at the sight of all that bare, ashy-grey skin. Sevana looked like how she would imagine an elf or a princess, all curves and perfectly feminine skin, not a mark on her body at all. It made her heart throb with craving and her cock pulsate with desire, and she found herself literally dumbstruck by it. Sevana, however, most certainly wasn’t, and lounged back once more. She smiled coyly, long ears twitching, and she jerked a single finger at Kris. “Come now, lover,” she husked. “Let me teach you how to use that magnificent girldick.” Kris hesitantly, but eagerly, clambered over the naked Drow, sliding her hips between the woman’s lush thighs. Her cock was painfully hard again and totally at the ready, with the handjob seemingly inadequate to quell her need. Her heart was pounding hard at the now apparent fact that she was going to lose her virginity by fucking a Drow; a gorgeous, dark-skinned elf, who looked at her hungrily. She beckoned her further with her curling finger, and Kris complied, sliding against her and aligning her pelvis with hers. Sevana’s hand reached down between their bodies and grasped her cock, and Kris let out a soft gasp. She aligned the girl’s cock with her prepared lower lips, brushing the cockhead against her sticky, saliva-coated vulva, and Kris let out a shaky sigh. The head and wetness she felt from that alone made her tingle, and that was only the first to come. “Push down,” Sevana urged in a voice that was more like a sigh, and Kris bit her lip. She pushed down, and her bulbous cockhead bounced against the spongey mass of her lower entrance; but with Sevana’s hand there, secured against her and guiding her down, she was able to align herself properly and push in at a nice, slick pace. The sudden barrage of heat and wetness made her groan, eyes wide as pleasure soaked through her cock and travelled up her spine in an electric rush. “O-oh, gods!” She groaned, her body quivering. The pleasure of having the first few inches of her cock inside the tight tunnel was overwhelming, her first taste at a female pussy almost too much to bear - but she didn’t have the luxury of stopping, as Sevana was continuously urging her forward, her legs sliding around Kris’s and applying a light amount of pressure. Kris just kept on pushing down, sliding her cock into the damp warmth of her core, shivering and groaning the entire while. It was wonderfully tight, squeezing her cock and exerting pressure all across her throbbing length. The ridges of her tunnel provided a delicious friction, which was heightened the further her cock slipped inside. Sevana’s thighs rose up to meet her, guiding her in deeper, with the Drow’s hand-feeding inch after inch of cockmeat into her pussy. Her hand was forced to slide away when there was little room to grasp, but never once did she stop Kris from shoving her cock inside; she greedily, happily took every last inch of her nine-inch cock, her inner walls squirming and her lips smiling as she was filled out. “How’s it feel?” Sevana asked, and Kris only groaned. “Tight,” she whimpered. “Warm. So,  so good.” “Great,” Sevana husked, rolling her hips and stretching her cunt around the bludgeoning cock. A shudder passed through her busty body, her ears twitching. “You’re filling me out so nicely, too. I  love it.” She set a hand on Kris’s shoulders, sliding around to her neck. “Move those hips, lover; do what feels natural.” Kris didn’t know  what felt natural, and only knew that the sensations of her tight, squirming cunt was almost too much for her inexperienced mind to handle. But she didn’t want to let Sevana down, and started to do what felt normal - pulling herself back, dragging her thick, fat cock out of the tight seal of her cunt. Walls squished and gripped her tight, preventing her from moving very far, and it took her several tugs to extract inches of her girth; actions that made the Drow groan, her cunt contracting hard and squishing wetly.  Kris was only halfway out before she reversed herself, unable to pull out of the clinging cunt any further. Sevana’s tensing thighs urged her to push back in anyhow, and she wasn’t strong-willed enough to go against the pretty Drow’s wishes. She worked her fat dick back in, sliding herself right through the clamping folds and stretching them out around her dense girth. Walls squished and bent around her, and liquidy slurps echoed out as she pushed through wide-stretched pussy lips and churned the helping of feminine arousal that leaked through her tunnel.  “F-fuck,” the Drow cursed, the first that Kris had heard, and not what she expected to hear. “You’re so big - You feel amazing.” Her words brought a smile to Kris’s lips, though she couldn’t respond when she was whimpering and moaning, her spine shivering and lips twitching as pleasure soaked through every limb and nerve ending. Her cock throbbed happily, content with the squeezing tightness and liquidy warmth, and her balls churned with hot cum. Her body understood the motions of sex better than her mind did, and even though she was just really moving back and forth at a slow, lackluster pace that didn’t even use the full length of her dick, she was doing  something right.  “Move those hips, girl,” Sevana groaned, her hand locking around Kris’s neck while the other planted itself on her fleshy grey tit. “J-just push in nice and firm, don’t be afraid.” Kris did so, trying to add a bit more force to her movements. It wasn't easy at all with the vacuuming suck of Sevana's tight pussy, but she tried her best to tug her cock free of the vice-like folds and shove it back inside with a bit more force, but her actions were clearly clumsy, her pelvis thumping down without much grace. It sent her cockhead bashing into inner walls and distending them outward at odd angles, and the fleshy contact and sudden, liquidy stretching around her prickhead made her groan loudly. It made Sevana groan loudly too, her body shaking and her belly undulating, her pearly-white teeth digging into the plush expanse of her lower lip. "L-Like that," she moaned, "But b-be careful. You're very big, and it's hard for m-most girls to handle that. F-firm, but gentle." That hardly makes sense! Kris protested, but furrowed her brow and tried to match what Sevana wanted, measuring her pace as she worked her cock in and out. Juices sloshed around her prick as she dragged the slab of cockmeat outside, and they bubbled and churned when she shoved it back in, and all that wetness allowed her to move smoothly, if raggedly. She was able to tease a few more inches in and out of her cunt, gently pushing a few more inches of her ick into the plush tunnel before her, her narrow body filling the gap of the Drow's shapely thighs.  Her body was tinier than Sevana's, her skin far paler in tone. When compared to her generous curves and feminine body Kris felt awkward, but Sevana kept tugging on her, hand caressing her neck and brushing at strands of hair while her legs moved in an undulating rhythm against her, guiding her on and coaxing her forward. Her smaller breasts were too perky and firm to hang down, but her nipples grazed the plump hilltops of Sevana's, and when their nipples rubbed together they were both sent sighing.  "Add a roll to your hips," Sevana suggested. "You're no brute; don't just slam in back and forth. Move in a pattern." Pattern, her mind echoed again. Even as she sighed and whimpered from the delightful tightness and heat, she tried to add an extra bit of force to her motions, her hips pulling back at odd angles that had the vascular underside of her large dick rubbing against the bottom of Sevana's tunnel before extracting itself. When she drove in she did so at a steep angle before correcting course, stopping just shy of the earlier, clumsier motions that sent her bulbous prick-head into pink walls in favour sliding it neatly deeper. Her mammoth-meat filled Sevana's tight cunt totally and utterly, her length reaching her innermost depths, and with each successive inch that drove inside, she found herself closer and closer to her core. Her cockhead brushed up against a spongy mass that prevented further movement, but that slight grazing made Sevana's toes curl back and her hands tighten. She yelped loudly as Kris delved in, shoving her throbbing pipe deep into her sopping snatch, relishing in the tightness and squishiness of her inner walls and pliant folds, her dickhead brushing up against the innermost barrier time and time again.  "T-that's it!" The Drow moaned, her ears twitching. "So nice and big and long - spirits, I've missed this -" She groaned against, and Kris was too, sighs and whimpers spilling from her lips as her small body wiggled back and forth, her narrow hips sliding her massive cock through the tightened tunnel. Her face was a mask of effort as she felt need fill her length and surge through her balls, a demanding beat that urged her to hilt herself and let go, to spill her entire load into the Drow's fertile depths. She held back, not allowing herself to be overcome, but for someone so inexperienced it was frightfully hard, and she didn't have the willpower to extend it beyond a few more thrusts. "I-it's too much," Kris whined, her eyes squeezing shut and her lips pulled back. "Y-you're too much - you feel too good. I can't hold on -" "It's fine," Sevana panted, her thighs gripping Kris's waist tight. "Don't stop moving, no matter what." Her words made Kris tingle violently. "B-but -" "Spill yourself into me," the Drow urged, looking at her lustfully. "Drain your balls inside me, Kristana -" There was nothing else to be said, as Kris was shoving herself inside with need, her cock swelling up harder and faster than before, stretching her cunt out even wider. The Drow groaned happily and wiggled her hips, her flat belly roiling as she impaled her snatch on the throbbing, wildly pulsating pillar of hard cock-meat, but all motion had stopped on Kris's part. Sevana did all the work herself as the human's balls tightened and rose, grazing her sopping slit, unleashing a second barrage of cum through her meat-log. Kris totally collapsed against the Drow as her orgasm swept through her, unable to cope with the impossibly blissful sensations. Ropes of cum spat from her bulbous tip and splashed against the entrance to Sevana's womb, painting the spongy barrier in white. Cum filled her tunnel swiftly, splashing against her cervix and spiralling out in thick, gooey waves that drenched the rest of her pink walls and painted them over in goopy white. It was hot and warm, pooling thickly in her cunt as it tried to do what nature intended and take root inside her. Kris didn't care for any of that, though, and was fully concentrated on the bliss of cumming, her swollen nutsack sending more warm baby-batter through her shaft and unto the velvety sheath surrounding her. Kris panted hard, suddenly weary beyond belief, whereas Sevana only moaned plaintively and contentedly, her hips still rolling against the still-spasming shaft. "Wonderful," the Drow sighed, her plump lips parted in a smirk. Her eyes twinkled as she stared at the clearly tired human girl, and her hands moved down to prop her chin up and force eye contact. "But we're not done yet, lover, dear." Kris frowned. "What?" Sevana's legs tightened around her waist, one hand bracing herself against the ground and the other secure around her neck. With strength that was hidden behind her soft-looking, feminine body, she rolled them both over. Kris's back thumped against the blanket as she blinked in surprise at the grey-skinned elf straddling her, her mind blank due to the pleasure bathing her dick and the soft feel of her pillowy chest flattening against hers, but in moments Sevana was pushing herself up, sliding herself off the log of dickmeat and grinning. But Kris felt spent and sore, and she didn't have the stamina for anything more. "I don't think I can go again, Sevana -" The Drow snorted, and then sent her a lascivious wink. "Leave it to me, cutie." She slid down Kris's body, purposely making as much skin-on-skin contact as she could. The girl’s spent cock slid between the valley of her breasts, staining the sloping surfaces with strings of cum. She was smiling as her face lowered toward the cock, her lips just inches away from the broad, spent girth. Her hand went flat on the girl’s pelvis, just shy of touching the girldick. Sevana’s sinfully long tongue slipped from her mouth, and she pressed the cool tip to the base of Kris’s softening cockmeat. The slight contact on her sensitive cock made her shudder, which intensified when the Drow dragged her long tongue from base to tip, drawing it up slowly, her pace languorous. It tickled every inch of her meat, and as her vascular length was stroked from top to bottom, she felt herself quiver. Her dick was barely at half-mast, already retreating after the tremendous orgasm, but as Sevana’s tongue trailed over the pale slab she felt a familiar stirring in her loins. The feeling of her tongue was immense, enough to make Kris whimper softly, for her cock was painfully sensitive in her post-orgasmic haze, and it was like the softest touch or puff of breath was enough to set her off.  Much like the girl had earlier, Sevana slurped at her softened futa dick, lapping up her own juices and the cum staining its surface. She didn’t seem to mind, even though it looked wrong for such an elegant woman to be doing such things. But Kris couldn’t protest when it felt so damn good, her loins aching and balls surging with desire. But Sevana didn’t use her tongue for long, and her hand moved down to grasp the base of her girldick and prop the semi-hard length up. It flopped against her plump lips, slapping wetly, but the Drow only giggled as she got in close and nuzzled her lips against it. She rose up to the tip, kissing the pale length and drawing moans from Kris’s lips with each fluttering contact. Her warm mouth swept around the tip, lavishing it in yet more kisses, to which the human could only moan and sigh, her recently-spent cock overwhelmed once more by the barrage of pleasure. She was simply hyper-sensitive from her release and inability to cope with it, and the slightest pressure exerted on her dick made her mind go blank with pleasure and her cock surge with life. Nothing but squeaks and sighs left her lips, as she was almost unable to form words as her mouth tongue swirled around her too-sensitive head.  Sevana knew that, and was actively using it to her advantage. Her lips parted as she dove down on the cock, taking it smoothly into her mouth as if it was no trouble at all. Kris moaned, eyes wide, as her cock was once again bathed in a warm, wet bath. It wasn’t nearly as tight as her pussy had been, but it felt wonderful all the same, especially on her over-sensitive cock. She took as much in as she could with little trouble, her hand gripping the base tightly and keeping the semi-hard dick upright while her head delved down and her lips gobbled up more of it.It filled out her cheeks, and even in the state it was, there was more than enough length and girth to her to fill her mouth. Her lips wrapped securely around it, forming a soft seal around her aching dick that bent as she rolled her head up and down, sliding along her wet, glistening length. She looked elegant even when she was sucking dick, bobbing along the only portion of stiff flesh available to her - but that didn’t stop her from exerting all of her skill, her tongue slipping around to trace patterns into the dense skin while her lips sucked and pulled. Her hand swirled around the base, stroking the skin of her cock while fingers gently tapped and prodded at her aching balls. “A-ah!” Kris whimpered, biting her lips and curling her fingers.  She was left a moaning, whimpering mess at Sevana’s hands and the touch of her mouth, and though she felt spent and tired, she even bucked her hips up into Sevana’s mouth to seek more contact. The Drow met it all evenly and smoothly, taking her into her drooling maw, spreading a gentle helping of saliva over her prick. Her tongue coated it with saliva, stroking every last inch and massaging it, while her head rolled and bobbed. It didn’t take long for Kris’s dick to start swelling back up as life surged into it, spurred on by the blowjob the gorgeous woman was giving. Her cheeks filled out obscenely as her cock swelled in girth and length, but that didn’t interrupt the smoothness of her motions at all, and she leaned in further to take more and more. Her hair pooled against Kris’s pelvis like freshly fallen snow, waving as her head moved along the nearly fully engorged cock. The girl kept on whimpering, her cute voice rising in lilts and squeaks, her face scrunching up and nose twitching as she tried to keep hold of all the sensations rolling through her. She watched, mesmerized, as the Drown’s head came down over and over, watching as inch after inch of her pale cock disappeared between her pretty lips and delved deep into her mouth, her bulbous prickhead thumping against the soft skin of her throat with ease. She quivered and groaned like a helpless babe at Sevana’s hands, effortlessly teased back into hardness, though her dick and balls ached something fierce. Sevana pulled back with a wet pop, grinning wide. “Looks like you’re nice and ready.” Kris just stared at her, wide-eyed and cheeks red. “I didn’t think…” “Humans fuck like rabbits,” Sevana purred, pulling away from the saliva-slicked cock and straddling the girl’s legs. “And human teenagers fuck like rabbits in heat. By the time I’m done with you…” She let her words hang in the air as she eagerly scrambled atop Kris’s cock, sliding the underside of the vascular behemoth against her fully flushed cunt lips. She did not drive herself down upon it immediately, instead just grinding her snatch against the cock, resting her weight down on it in a way that applied a gratifying amount of pressure. In a way it hurt, for Kristana was far too sensitive for it, and it felt too damn good; but Sevana took her time as she used both hands to pull back her hair, sliding the pale locks between her dark fingers and neatly setting it around her shoulders. Then she got herself into position, rising up on her knees and propping the cock up with her hand. She let it slap against her folds, producing a wet noise that sent liquid spraying out, before guiding it back inside her tight warmth. She mounted Kristana like she was a horse, pushing her body down on the nine-inch obelisk of cock with nary an effort, letting it drive upward into her plush tunnel. The girl squeaked out a ragged moan as her over-sensitive dick was wrapped up in her lush tightness, the vice-like embrace far too much for her to handle. Liquid ran down her cock as Sevana’s arousal seemed to kick into high-gear, bathing her in liquid heat. There was no more teaching, no more guiding Kris how to move properly - with Sevana on top the ball was in her court, initiative squarely in her hands, and she quite literally rode Kris like a horse. Her hips moved up and down, her pace nothing like the slower missionary sex from minutes before. It was hard, faster, her body insulating as her thighs tensed and sent her body up into the air, extracting many inches of dick from her plush cunt before she came slamming back down with force. Previously deposited sperm squished and squelched as it was forced out of the way by her meaty pipe, spilling from her lower lips and dribbling around the base of her dick. The Drow’s hips clapped against Kris’s pelvis as she drove herself down, sinking the entire cock into her cunt with ease. She took the hard slamming with an almost greedy relish, her lips curling into happy grins and her ears twitching with contentment each time she was filled with hard dick. Her inner walls fluttered and wrapped snugly around Kris’s cock as it slammed home, with her bulging crown easily able to sink right against her cervix. Her balls were nestled against her puffy, engorged lower lips, gently thrumming with life.  Sevana rocked her hips and swivelled her ass, moving in a vaguely circular motion as she slapped herself down on Kris’s tall spear. Her ass clapped loudly as it descended, the generous flesh wobbling as it made harsh contact with her thighs. Her breasts bounced high on her chest, rising and falling in time with the drop of her hips and upward motion of her torso, and on occasion they slapped against one another when she moved particularly hard. They looked so soft and pliant that Kris just wanted to reach out and touch them, but she didn’t have the confidence for such initiative, nor did she want to interrupt a sex-goddess in her work. The Drow really did look like a goddess from Kristana’s point of view, her firm, taut body rising and falling, her breasts large and appetizing, her cunt silky and pliant. One hand was, again, groping her own tit, squishing the flesh between her firmly-squeezing fingers, while the other occasionally touched down on Kris’s stomach as if to brace herself. The glow of the campfire behind her illuminated her grey skinned curves like a halo, and the reddish light glinted off her white hair in a way that made it look as if it was aflame. Sweat lined her body, flinging from her form as her stomach flexed and curled and her cunt slammed down wetly over and over and over again, until Kris was nothing more than a groaning, moaning mess. She could barely hold on, her fingers once again curling into the blanket as she searched for some sort of purchase or leverage. But even so, she couldn’t stop natural instinct from making her hips move up and down, meeting the downward thrusts with some of her own, producing satisfying claps and fleshy smacks that rang out through the clearing. She slammed her dick in deep, relishing in the tightness and firmness of her inner walls, and Sevana let out throaty groans and husky purrs as her hole was fully stretched out. There wasn’t an inch of her pussy that wasn’t filled with wonderfully hard dick, and she seemed to be enjoying it far more than Kris could have believed was possible. “Kristana,” the Drow sighed, rolling her hips hard and squishing her inner walls against her dick. “Oh, that hits the spot -  angh - ! ”Up and down she went, never ceasing, never pausing her insistent riding. Her wide-stretched lips gobbled up the girldick over and over, and Krista just stared and squeaked out moans as she watched her pale cock disappear into her ashy grey body. It almost belied belief that so much cock could fit inside such a slender, yet voluptuous, elf, but the evidence was right there before her. In fact, if she squinted, she almost imagined she could see the impression her obscene girth made through her skin as it travelled the length of her squeezing slit. Her silky tunnel rubbed her in all the right ways, her wetness making her intense pace laughably easy, and even so it made Kris wonder just how skilled the Drow had to be - or how often she’d done this - for her to be so talented. “S-so close,” Sevana moaned, her words mingling in with Kristana’s cute moans and whimpers. The girl’s thrusting hips couldn’t hope to match her pace, but still she tried, letting her hips clap together with muffled  thwaps and claps.  But that pace was untenable, the riding far too intense for Kris’s post-orgasmic cock, and she felt her length swell up at the same time that her balls tightened. She had no words of warning this time, as anything like them was fucked out of her brain as her mind was reduced to a pleasure-soaked mess, and she just held on for dear life as the Drow rode her hard and fast. Her pace actually seemed to increase while her inner walls tightened to a painful degree, clamping down so hard on Kris’s cock it should have made movement difficult, but Sevana powered on through it.  “Kris,” Sevana groaned, her words intermingled with hot, heavy pants and sighs. “Kristana.” It was clear that Sevana must have been dangerously close to her peak from how desperately she moved her hips and how heavy her panting was, but for Kris, the only thing she needed to set herself off was hearing her name being said in so sexual a tone by the gorgeous Drow riding her into the ground like she was a brothel’s prime stud. Her dick started throbbing violently, fighting against the folds that gripped it so tightly, while her balls tensed in preparation to spill her load. Sevana kept on slamming down hard, heedless of it, though she must have known about the onrushing climax. Kris moaned loudly as her cock erupted, sending cum splattering through Sevana’s tight insides. She’d already painted her insides white once, and now a second coating was surging through her, drenching her squirming folds with the white-hot fluid. Baby-batter was pumped right into her receptive womb, sucked up by the greedy cervix that Kris’s dick was sheathed against like it was a pillow. It seemed like her climax and the force of her ejaculation were enough to set off Sevana’s own orgasm, as the Drow was soon howling with sexual bliss, her spine arching and head tipping back, wobbling breasts thrust out proudly. Her cunt spasmed  hard, her walls rippling in a sudden, rhythmic motion that literally milked Kris’s cock and dragged up more streams of thick baby-batter from her spent balls. Sevana kept on bouncing right on through her own climax, but ground her hips down firmly against Kris’s pelvis, rubbing her spasming snatch and needy clit against the hardness as her orgasm swept through her violently. Juices spilled down Kris’s cock and through her tunnel, mingling with the cum and forming a syrupy mixture that overflowed from her wide-stretched lower lips.  Sevana’s hips rolled her wildly rippling snatch against the pillar of cock, moaning in her exotic, lilting voice, her sighs breathless with pleasure. Her face looked ecstatic, bliss writ large over her beautiful features, her eyes closed and lips curved into a grin of delight. Her long ears were flush against her skull, wiggling just a bit. Beyond the bliss of her own orgasm, the sight of the Drow being so overwhelmed by sexual pleasure just from riding cock -from riding Kristana’s inexperienced cock - made her feel oddly proud, filling her with a sense of self-accomplishment that - well, that she’d been craving when she set out on her adventure. Her pussy kept on milking her dick for more seed, sucking it all up until there was literally nothing left inside her balls and there was a pool of wetness staining her abdomen. Sevana slowed to a stop, panting heavily, her mouth grinning as her indigo eyes fastened on Kris’s.  “Delightful,” she drawled, sounding tired from exertion, but still excited. She leaned down and flattened her body against Kris’s, cock still buried inside her, and pressed a kiss to the girl’s lips. Her head moved over and settled into the crook of her neck, nuzzling in comfortably, her body fully covering the smaller girl’s. Her breasts squished out against her chest, acting like the softest cushions she’d ever felt, and Kris let out a shaky sigh. “Are you still needed on your ‘night watch’?” Sevana asked teasingly, her finger trailing along the girl’s jawline, and Kris puffed out a tiny breath. “I… can spend some more time here,” she said quickly, hoping she sounded more confident than she felt. It didn’t seem to matter, though, as Sevana giggled and wrapped her arms around the younger girl and pulled them together tightly. Kris didn’t think she could move, even if she wanted to. She was too tired, too spent, and her body just wanted to sleep - and with the curvy Drown snuggling against her, trapping her in a cage of limbs and sweaty curves, she didn’t  want to leave at all. And so she settled in as well, almost happily, her heart beating with a tiny bit more confidence now that she’d lost her innocence to the gorgeous stranger, and drifted off into a nice, deep sleep.  “I’m leaving,” Kristana announced the next morning, staring determinedly at the other guards of the caravan. She’d left Sevana’s camp the moment she’d woken up, moving back to her own caravan before they were to set off. She’d been questioned as to her whereabouts, of course, and why she looked so dishevelled and why she had sex-hair. She ignored it all, even though it burned at her nobler side to push the questions off - she could hardly explain last night’s situation, though, and they didn’t need to know it.  It took a great deal more confidence to tell them she planned on leaving, though. It frightened her a bit when they turned sour glares her way, frowning in disapproval, and she was very much reminded that she was still a timid girl by nature - but remembering what she’d done with Sevana, and just how active a participant she’d up being, gave her some self-assurance, and while still budding, she drew upon the newfound confidence to sever her ties.“But you… can’t,” the older guardsman protested, shaking his head.  “Yeah,” another agreed. “There’s a contract.” Kris puffed out a breath and tilted her head up, trying to remember that she wasn’t just the innocent girl from yesterday, but an  adventurer that had just gotten laid with a Drow. “The contract was half at the start of the journey, and half on arrival, yes?” “...Yeah, and you’re supposed to see it through. You can’t just leave, you signed your name.” “I didn’t get paid in advance to finish the trip, only to start it.” Kris waved her hand dismissively. “So the boss can keep his coin, because I’m parting ways right now. I’m taking all this gear with me, too, even though it sucks and barely fits.” “It’s good gear, and you can’t -” “It’s  not, ” Kris said boldly, “and I can. It came out of my starting pay, right? Which means I own it.” She grabbed her helmet that she hated so much and dismissively hung it off the edge of her halberd, which she leaned across her shoulder. “I’d say see you later, but I’m going on an adventure, so I don’t plan on it.” Kris walked off without looking back, letting them stare after her and call her name pointlessly. Her heartbeat fast in her chest, the boldness of her assertions making her wince, and the fact that she wasn’t even sure that what she’d said was true or would hold up in court wore at her - but she was a new girl on a new adventure, and wasn’t going to let it faze her. Especially not when she had someone waiting for her.  She met up with Sevana not even twenty minutes later, just before the Drow had finished packing up her camp and gear. Her eyes twinkled as the looked at Kris, and she smiled flirtatiously. “You did it?” She asked, and Kris nodded. “Yeah, I’m, uh, free to go.” She shuffled, and tried to put on her most self-confident smile. “And, I - I’ve decided to take you up on your offer. I want to travel with you, and - and -” She tilted her chin up. “And I’d be happy to be your lover.” Sevana laughed. “A little stiff, but I’m glad. I haven’t been with someone so promising before.” “And I - well, obviously I haven’t been with anyone.” She hummed. “Oh, you’re going to do fabulously. You’re a natural, and I’m going to teach you  everything I know.” Even with her budding self-confidence, Kris still flushed a brilliant red at her tone, and the implications. But the promise of sex with the older Drow was a strong motivator, and being in a relationship with someone like that  while traveling was too good an opportunity to pass up. It was everything she’d ever wanted, though not quite as she imagined how it would go down, and she’d be a fool to let it slip her by. “Okay,” Kris said simply, if nervously. “Let’s get started.”
  
  
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  It had been a few days on Kris’s new journey, and it was a mindblowing experience, even in the infancy of the trip. She and Sevana had sex fairly regularly - constantly, in fact, for the Dark Elf had all the sexual need and lewd desires that her kind was famed for. Any time they stopped for a rest, or for lunch, or slept at night, Sevana was there, guiding her into some new position and fucking her brains out before resuming their travel. Sevana’s skill was no idle boasting, and she had the experience to match her words, teaching Kris new, lewd things each and every time they fucked. It was almost enough to make the teen feel weary, with the constant sex enough to wear down her teenaged stamina - but only just, and Kris had no intention of ever declining another sexual escapade with the gorgeous Drow.
 
  They still made progress on their journey despite the constant sex, and crossed down through land that Kris had never visited before. Many paths through the local regions were unknown to her, and though they were rather mundane - just trees and fields, with the occasional mossy ruin poking up through the undergrowth - it was still exciting for her. Simply seeing new things was enough for her, and her excited expressions never failed to make her traveling companion amused. Sevana had a wealth of interesting stories to tell, and in response to Kris’s inquisitive nature, she told her much about her experiences traveling around.
 
  Sevana was a wonderful companion, all told. Beyond being an extremely good looking, exotic, and sexually active Drow, she was a good conversational partner and a wonderful tutor. She taught things to Kris that she’d never known before, both sexually and otherwise, and being with her was extremely enjoyable. She was more than a traveling companion, though, given the level of intimacy between them. It was a relationship far more sexual than Kris would have ever seen in her home region, but one that was supremely enjoyable, nonetheless.
 
  Their trip soon brought them to a quick stop at the nearby township of Sevas’s Crossing, just a little off the main track of their journey to the city. It was a medium-size town on the edge of the river Mien, and boasted a nice little trading community of river-folk and distant merchants that traversed the many-kilometer long river. 
 
  It's relative prominence in the area and above-average size allowed it to boast a wooden palisade and a small number of checker-uniformed guards, who manned the sole watchtower and the modest gates. The town wasn't lofty enough to warrant a proper national garrison, and it was but a small town militia, under the watchful eye of a military liaison. They didn't cause much trouble for Kris or Sevana, and let them off after a customary inspection of their goods and a warning word about the use of Kris's halberd. Soon they were within the walls of the town, walking through streets messily done up in cobble that didn't do nearly enough to stop the dirt and grass from rising up.
 
  It was the ideal place for one to gather supplies and rest after days on the road, and Kris could even make out the signboards of a few inns along the main entryway, along with the more suggestive signs of brothels. Kris had tried to keep her eyes away from that sort of thing, and looked firmly in the other direction when the gaze of a street prostitute turned toward her; while she never gave much thought to such things before, her newfound sexual relationship had her mind focused on sex and women a little more than was appropriate.
 
  They didn't go for supplies, though. Neither did they go to an inn, or a tavern. They didn't seek accommodations or advice or directions or whatever it was that travelers did upon reaching a new town. Instead, what Sevana did was take her around a corner, tug her hastily into an alleyway, and proceed to mount the smaller teen like she was a sweet girl.
 
  "S-Sevana," Kris groaned, her voice strained from Sevana's skilled sexual advances. The Drow's silken snatch drove down on her fat cock hard and fast, the flex of her hips at odds with the clear difficulty of the position they were in, and it blew Kris's mind almost as much as the lewd position itself did. "W-we s-shouldn't be -"
 
  "Just a little more, Kristana," Sevana sighed, biting her lip as she worked herself back and forth, partially slamming forward and partially pulling Kris toward her. She groaned each time Kris's big cock drove into her warmth, her cunt squelching as the liquids inside were remorselessly churned by the turgid girth. She was sopping wet, practically gushing out a river of fluid, as if their morning time fuck hadn't been enough for her needy snatch. "I need to get off real quick, and we can go."
 
  Sevana had one leg holding her up, foot planted squarely in the dirt, while the other was impossibly braced against the alley wall beside Kris, in a remarkable display of flexibility. Both of her hands clutched at Kris's svelte waistline, holding her steady and using them as leverage to power her reckless fucking, her hips swinging down with muffled claps. Her belly curled and her hips bucked as her cunt slammed down on the swollen dick, her thighs tensing and bunching as they pushed her back and forth. Hands tugged at Kris to pull her forward, succeeding and producing meatier, wetter claps as their nethers connected.
 
  "W-we shouldn't be doing this," Kris fretted, looking up and down the alley. "What if the guard finds us? This is - this is p-public in -"
 
  "Sush, you," Sevana purred, her long ears flicking as pleasure surged through her. Her hips rolled as her cunt smoothly sank down on the shaft, over and over again. "It's your fault for having such a tantalizing cock - a poor Drow like myself can't resist."
 
  "I - I guess." Kris blushed, though she reckoned it could have just been because of the strain of the sex. In truth, she didn't even want to stop, because Sevana felt too damn good, her cunt perfectly gripping Kris's girldick and caressing it in its silken warmth. Liquids gushed out wetly, bathing her member and allowing her pussy to glide along her many throbbing inches. Sevana was extremely skilled, and the sex felt so good, that Kris was okay with going at it like horny animals in public like this - but propriety had her voice her concerns, if only to put up a good front.
 
  That didn't stop her from enjoying it, and she moaned and groaned as quietly as she could manage whenever Sevana pushed herself down on her throbbing pillar of dickmeat. Her cunt slid down, not quite able to take every last inch due to the stressful position, but successfully claiming a good portion of the girth at a time. The clinging heat of her snatch warmed the dick, and the bulbous head shivered as it pushed into soft, pink walls. Folds parted and squished apart around the dense meat, yet still gripped it tightly as it sank inside.
 
  "So good," Sevana husked, her fingers digging into Kris's waistline. Her hips swung down hard, but the position didn’t allow for particularly satisfying collisions, and so Kris’s cock ached out for more contact. The girth throbbed firmly inside her velvet sheath, demanding 
  
    more, 
  
  while Sevana moved at her own pace and her own leisure as if heedless of Kris’s wants. She was quite literally fucking herself on the pillar of girlcock like it was a convenient toy, her snatch spasming and roiling as it pounded down over and over again, and Kris was left entirely on the receiving end as she was mounted and fucked in an alley.
 
  Sevana tossed her head back, her flowing, white hair cascading down her shoulder. “Gods, 
  
    so 
  
  close…”
 
  Her voice transitioned into a needy purr as she worked her hips down furiously, her cunt sliding across the throbbing pillar of cock at a heady pace. It was all so intoxicating for Kris, and despite her worries about the guards, it was hard not to get into the sexy situation. It still weighed heavily on her mind, though, preventing her from finding true pleasure as her fear of being found out wore away at her; but Sevana had no such issues, and continued to bounce herself against the stiff girldick, thighs clenching and body rolling. Her stomach undulated as she slipped down onto Kris’s hardness, her groans getting louder and throatier, while Kris could only whimper.
 
  “Yes, yes, 
  
    yes,
  
  ” Sevana groaned, her cunt beginning to clamp down painfully hard. “Fuck, yes!”
 
  Her orgasm hit moments later, her entire cunt rippling and squeezing tightly. Sevana’s groans came out in musical lilts as her pussy contracted around Kris’s dick as if trying to squeeze it to death, rippling out as if milking it - which wasn’t out of the question at all. Sevana’s hips rolled harder as her orgasm swept through her, her face alight with pleasure, and her ears flicking all the way back like a cat. Her teeth dug deep into her lower lip as she rode out her bliss, female arousal surging through her cunt and dripping around the impaling slab of dick. 
 
  It brought awesome pleasure to Kris as well, but it was a little harder to get into it when she was propped against the wall like a dummy, and in such a compromising state with the threat of guards hanging over her. She was definitely taking it too seriously, whereas Sevana was taking it loose, and where one of them reached the heights of pleasure, the other was left languishing there. Her cock throbbed and ached for a harder fucking, the constrictive pleasure too much to bear, but her own release remained agonizingly out of reach - it was like Kris could reach out and 
  
    grab 
  
  it, had she any control over her hips.
 
  She did not, and so stood there, letting Sevana ride out her orgasm at her own pace. Eventually, with Kris’s cock angry and bulging within her, she ceased all motion and let out a long, content sigh. “Ah, that hit the spot. Just what I needed.”
 
  She pulled off of Kris’s dick with a smooth motion, bouncing away from the wall as Kris’s cock slurped out of her insides and bobbed in the open air. Kris groaned in something like frustration while Sevana licked her lips, hiking her dress down and making herself appropriate. Her face was flushed and red, her expression that of supreme satisfaction, whereas Kris just looked frustrated and needy.
 
  “W-what?” Kris asked, confusion rife in her voice. Her brow was furrowed the entire time Sevana tidied up her appearance, as if her brain hadn’t caught up with her dick. “W-we’re done? But -”
 
  Sevana giggled. “I want you to be saving up for tonight, for when we get to fuck in a 
  
    proper 
  
  bed.”
 
  Kris gnawed on her lower lip, face red. Her cock was frighteningly hard, the flesh aching for the touch of a woman, and her balls felt aching and needy - and now she was being told she needed to wait. “But - I can’t - Sevana, 
  
    please -
  
  ”
 
  Sevana only smiled, looking at Kris like a hunter would over a trapped rabbit. She withdrew a small pouch from her satchel and held it out, the coin within clinking. “I need you to head over to the Alchemist, and purchase at least six doses of Stimulant Potion, for horses. Those’ll be in the round bottles, but if they’re in larger divisions, they’ll be in tall-fluted prisms.”
 
  “S-seriously?” Kris panted hard, her cock aching for release. “I don’t know if I can wait until tonight.”
 
  “That’s what makes you so cute, dear.” Sevana winked, and held up a finger. “So - stimulant potions. I’m going to be at the stables, purchasing horses for the long road to Kriegsburg. Together, this should speed up our journey a fair bit.”
 
  Kris bit her lip, knowing implicitly that she was going to be blue-balled until tonight. Without anything else to do, she listened intently to the Drow’s instructions, making sure to memorize the simple task she’d been given. 
 
  “Alright,” she’d said after a minute, and Sevana smiled.
 
  “Good. Meet me at the fountain square in an hour or so; I’ll have found lodgings by then.” Sevana’s voice dropped into a husky purr on the last few words, and soon she was leaning back down to the younger girl. She pulled her in for a deep, passionate kiss, effortlessly taking control of Kris’s mouth with all her years of experience and skill. Her tongue plunged into the warm cavern, tangling with the teen’s tongue in moments and dancing away with it; the movements of the tongue were mesmerizing, all dexterous and nimble in ways that a human could hardly keep up. Her lips moved against her smaller pair, the velvety muscles swallowing up her own as she locked lips. The kiss got deeper and steamier by the moment, saliva shifted between their mouths as their tongues curled and pushed, lips rolling together smoothly.
 
  Kris gasped when she felt a long finger press against the throbbing base of her dick, the slight pressure enough to send pinpricks of delight up the fat shaft. Sevana’s mouth laid into her hungrily, kissing her hard and plumbing the depths of her mouth with greed, while her finger slowly dragged up the underside of Kris’s throbbing cock. The vascular length pulsated at her teasing touch, which was slow and languorous, making the skin prickle and tingle hard. Kris moaned into her once, making Sevana grin against her lips. Her finger slid up and, once she reached the bulbous head it slipped off, tapping the tip but once.
 
  Sevana’s lips pulled away with a wet pop, and she ran her tongue over her lips. She smirked down at her, a twinkle in her eye, while Kris fidgeted in sexual angst. “I’ll see you in an hour, Kristana.” Her eyes flicked down, and she then winked. “Make sure to pull up your pants before you leave, yes?”
 
  ----------------
 
  It took some time for Kris to calm her raging arousal down to half-mast, and it still tented out her trousers rather obscenely; the fact that she had decided not to wear her armour and allow Sevana to take it to whatever inn she found made her erection apparent to those looking down. She tried not to focus on her arousal, hoping the lack of attention would calm it further, and steadily made her way to the Alchemist’s shop. She had to find it, of course, but it wasn’t hard - there were plenty of signposts around town, and the shop had a distinctive sign that made it obvious once she was on the right street.
 
  She pushed through the door as boldly as she could manage - timid though she was, she was determined to put on a bold face in the new lands she travelled. The first thing to greet her was the sheer amount of potions lining the long shelves of the small building. Dozens upon dozens were set up in neat rows and columns, while cubbies and containers contained alchemical ingredients just like a grocer would keep vegetables. Kris had knowledge of very little of it, and so pretty much everything in the room was exotic and foreign to her.
 
  “Welcome, welcome!” A soothing, mature voice rang out, a hint of theater in the tone. “To Mistress Alchemist Yvette’s shop of Wondrous Tonics and Fine Ingredients!”
 
  Kris was startled by the enthusiastic voice that came bombing through the room, and she nearly jumped up. She spun around, and was soon equally startled and shocked by the sight of the voice’s owner, such that her eyes went wide and her jaw nearly dropped. She was an older human woman, older than Kris’s mother by a good many years - she could have been forty summers old, if not more. Her skin was a chocolate brown, rich in tone and smooth in colour, with eyes and hair of a similar colour. The long, curly hair cascaded both behind and over her shoulders, framing her chest and reaching down to her curvy waistline. 
 
  As pretty as her face was, Kris’s eyes were glued on her body. She wore a thick purple dress made of a rich fabric, embroidered in silver and golden threads that traced idle patterns along its surface. Its sleeves were wide and poofy and the ends low and loose, hanging around the chocolate flesh of her plump legs. What drew Kris’s gaze the most was the Alchemist's cleavage, however; the dress was both low-cut and had a cleavage window which 
  
    would 
  
  have been acceptable on someone of more standard proportions - someone like Sevana - but with the mature woman’s body, it was anything but. Her breasts were the largest of anyone Kris had ever seen, massive, jutting mounds that strained at her dress and left open enough cleavage for Kris to sink her head into.
 
  
    Well, maybe not that much, 
  
  she mused, staring at the egregious display of bulging cleavage, 
  
    but close. I don’t even know what size those are - F cups? Bigger? Gods, they look so heavy…
  
 
  “My, this 
  
    is 
  
  a welcome surprise,” the older woman continued, breaking Kris from her stunned gaze. She hastily looked up, attempting to hide the sudden colour of her cheeks and the line of her staring eyes, and licked her lips. The woman watched her with kindly, yet knowing eyes, a grin playing at her lips. “As I’ve said, my name is Mistress Alchemist Yvette - but my friends call me Yvette, and you look like a 
  
    wonderful
  
   friend.”
 
  “Y-yes, uhm. Hello, Yvette.” Kris tried for a smile, brushing a lock of her wavy hair back behind her cheeks. “My name is Kris. I’ve, ah, come for supplies. Potions. I’ve come for potions.”
 
  “Straight to business.” Yvette inclined her head, her large, exaggerated, and floppy hat bouncing on her head. “Just what I like in a girl.”
 
  “I - thank you,” Kris said quickly, smiling timidly. She made sure to keep her eyes fastened on Yvette’s, because she felt the urge to look down at stare at her massive cleavage almost overwhelming. Her plump-looking breasts were just… hanging there, almost begging for her attention. 
 
  “You’re new in town,” Yvette proclaimed boldly, the smooth tones of her mature voice making Kris’s spine tingle. She walked closer toward the girl, closing in on her personal space and smiling at her. They were of similar heights, which meant that those large, tantalizing breasts were practically hanging right under her nose. “I can tell. What brings a cutie like you by?”
 
  Kristana coughed awkwardly, a smile on her lips. She was sure that the use of 
  
    cutie 
  
  was just something that a much older woman would say to a teen like her in these parts, and tried not to think much of it as she formulated her reply. “J-just looking for potions, like I said.”
 
  “Like you said,” Yvette replied wryly. “I mean here, in town. You’re quite the youngster to be adventuring.”
 
  “I’m not that young,” Kris replied automatically. “And all adventurers start out young.”
 
  “That’s true,” Yvette chuckled. “I just never imagined someone quite so young or pretty. Shouldn’t you be charming the girls back home, instead of getting in danger?”
 
  She laughed nervously in reply. “That’s not - that’s not how things, uhm, went. And - and traveling is way more interesting.”
 
  The dark-skinned woman hummed, her eyes roving over Kris. “I’m sure. Plenty of more exotic women to chase, no?”
 
  “I - t-that’s not what I mean,” Kris protested, shaking her head. 
 
  “Ah, but it’s what 
  
    I 
  
  meant,” Yvette purred, setting her hand down on the table beside them and leaning into it. Her chest pushed out tantalizingly, and Kris’s lackluster attempt at staying proper broke as her eyes gravitated downward to the jutting shelf of titflesh. The cleavage-window was bulging with chocolate-hued skin, and the low-cut top had her breasts practically pop forward, and Kris could not help but stare. “Alas, I know how you young things are.”
 
  “I’m just… here for adventure,” Kris stammered, eyes glued to Yvette’s breasts. It didn’t even register in her brain that she shouldn’t have been staring anymore, for the sight was just so tantalizing to her young, horny brain that she couldn’t stop looking. It didn’t help that she’d been riled up and blueballed, and the sight of a pair of fantastic tits were almost too much for her. 
 
  “I was quite the adventurer in my youth, I must admit,” the mature woman murmured, smiling coyly. “Always getting up to 
  
    adventurous 
  
  things.”
 
  "O-oh? That's quite, uhm, impressive," Kris replied, the implications of her tone falling short on her singled-minded brain - that was, focused straight on her tits. The admiration of Yvette's tits was sending blood rushing down to her already horny cock, making it fill out and rise up with shocking speed.
 
  Suddenly Yvette shifted, rising up and bringing her breasts out of Kris's easy line of sight. "So, Kris, what are you looking for?"
 
  Kris blinked rapidly and shifted, tearing her eyes off Yvette's breasts and looking away quickly. She wasn't sure if her staring had been noticed or not, but she was too shy to take the chance and look at the Alchemist's face and gauge her reaction; instead, with her cheeks blushing pink, she turned to look over the tall shelves inquisitively. It was easier to pretend she looked busy, and she scanned the shelves with nervous eyes. At the same time her hands drifted down, subtly tugging at the waistband of her trousers in a clumsy effort to hide the bulge suddenly tenting them outward.
 
  "S-six portions of Stamina Potions," she said quickly, her hand shifting down to better disguise the sight of her tremendously stiff cock. 
 
  Yvette raised a brown eyebrow, her eyes twinkling. "Stamina Potions, eh? I didn't imagine a young thing like you -"
 
  "F-for horses," Kris rushed in to say, rubbing at the back of her head with the hand not yet hiding her dick. "Stamina Potions for horses."
 
  The buxom older woman's lips twitched. "Ah. Long journey, then?"
 
  "Yes." Kris nodded seriously, still not quite meeting Yvette's eyes. The older woman paused as her reply, staring down at Kris with intent burning in her chocolate brown eyes. She pondered for a long moment, long enough for Kris to feel awkward and shift from side to side, before smiling and nodding her head.
 
  "I do believe they're in the back room," Yvette said confidently, nodding her head and turning her body to the side. She gestured off to a door just behind the counter, where Kris could see the hints of several more shelves. "Let me handle a few things here in the front - another order, you see - and I'll be back there to help you, should you not find them first. It's the murky, navy liquid in the round bottles, marked accordingly."
 
  "Er, ah, okay. Yep, I'll do that." Kris brushed at her hair, quickly shuffling past Yvette and making her way to the back room hurriedly. She wasn't sure if it was good or safe practice to go into the back room of a shop like so, unknowing of if it was a trap or not, but Kris was too much of a nervous and horny bundle of hormones to do otherwise. it was easier to be out of the extremely busty older woman's presence, and so she practically fled the scene.
 
  The only backward glance she got revealed the woman tampering with the door, flipping something aside or something else, but she didn't think about it. She pushed into the back room, finding it a little smaller than expected, and jammed full of more potions. She went for the most suspect bottles immediately, busying herself by rummaging through the shelves with single-minded intent, pushing past gaudy names and fantastical titles on tonics and vials for strange potions she'd never heard of before.
 
  It was only a few moments before she heard Yvette's approach, and soon the Alchemist was in the room behind her. She didn't spare her a backward glance at first, so focused she was on her assigned task, and instead only asked, "Where are the potions, Madam?"
 
  She could almost hear the smile in Yvette's tone. "For riding the horses? Because I really don't think you need potions to get that thing up."
 
  Kris faltered. "Uh, the - the horses?" 
 
  "See, because I'm not talking about horses, cutie," Yvette drawled, her tone low and husky in the way that had become oh-so-familiar over the last few days, and Kris shivered. "While there’s something here that needs to be ridden, it's definitely not a horse."
 
  Kris turned with no small amount of trepidation, and almost instantly began to gawk. The mature alchemist had pulled down the top of her dress all the way down, the straps down her shoulders and the dress tucked in around the curves of her wide, voluptuous body. It fully barred her immense breasts, which rested against her ribcage under their incredible weight; two large, massive mounds of chocolate-skinned titflesh, the rounded slopes like that of mountains. Yvette’s hands were caressing her own breasts, running over the swollen flanks and rubbing at their undersides, hefting up the meaty orbs. 
 
  Where Kris was gaping and staring at Yvette’s impossibly big tits, Yvette was focused on something of her own. Her eyes were fastened on Kris’s crotch, unabashedly staring at the obscene tenting in the cloth trousers. The teen felt harder than ever, her engorged cock straining at her restrictive pants in an effort to get free, and the sight of it seemed to be a treat for Yvette - and it must have been for the entire time Kris was there, if her look was any indication. Kris wanted to protest the staring immediately, but it took her far too long to tear her eyes away from the sight of Yvette’s naked breasts - but could anyone blame a teenager like herself? The tits were massive, the swells of their flanks wider than the woman’s own torso, as big as melons and crested with small and hard nipples that 
  
    begged 
  
  to be sucked.
 
  But speak up she did for, though her cock demanded that she tug it out and use it on the buxom milf before her, her feelings for Sevana outweighed her self-pleasure. “T-this is, u-uhm, very flattering, but I’m actually - I’m in a relationship. With someone else.”
 
  “If that someone,” Yvette drawled slowly, her upturned finger pointing itself at Kris’s not-at-all hidden cock, “wants to keep 
  
    that 
  
  to themselves, they should guard it better.”
 
  Yvette took a step forward, and Kris flinched. She instinctively stepped backward, but the older woman seemed intent on closing the distance. Kris retreated as she advanced, each stepped easily matched, until the dark-haired girl’s back thumped against the back wall. Yvette closed on her until there wasn’t an inch between them, those big, fat breasts pushing into her own chest, and Kris practically quivered. Yvette smirked, eyes fastened on the girl’s, before she winked. 
 
  She dropped down to her knees with liquid smoothness, moving faster than Kris could have expected for someone of her age. Kris was too stunned to do anything else but stare as Yvette’s fingers dug into her waistband and rolled down her pants smoothly, pulling it off her slender waistline and tugging it down the line of her massive bulge. It didn’t even take her more than a single tug to get it down around the oversized meat, as if she had plenty of experience undressing people before; soon, Kris’s fat, nine-inch shaft was bouncing free into the open air, all thick and throbbing with blue-balled need. It ashamed her how actively her cock was responding to Yvette’s presence, and her face burned with shame.
 
  “Oh, 
  
    my,
  
  ” Yvette drawled, licking her plump lips with relish. “This is far more magnificent than I imagined. So 
  
    big.
  
  ”
 
  “I - Miss Yvette,” Kriss stammered, but the MILF wasn’t paying her any attention.
 
  “This ‘someone’ of yours really should keep a dick this amazing under lock and key,” the chocolate-skinned woman purred, “otherwise, an opportunistic woman might just gobble you up for herself.” She smirked. “Someone like me, right now.”
 
  Kris’s eyes went wide, but nothing but a groan left her lips in the next moment as Yvette’s head lowered down to her cock. Hot breath washed over her many throbbing inches, soothing the aching prick that had been denied orgasmic release not too long ago, and she palpably shivered. Those lips touched down on her girth in the next moment, the plush muscles moulding against the vascular underside. Those lips were still smirking against her rod, curled around the thickness, their softness acting like cushions against her veiny log of dickmeat. 
 
  Yvette pressed a kiss against the surface, drawing a whimper from Kris’s throat. Her lips slid upward, pressing more kisses along the turgid girth, drawing up toward the bulbous tip at an agonizingly slow pace. Her hand rose up behind her, gripping onto the vascular inches at the bottom of the shaft and holding fast. Her lips moved upward toward the peak, but her hand pushed the cock off the side and offered up the many inches of her swollen flanks to her hungry mouth. Yvette latched onto them, parting her lips in a lewd kiss and setting them across the entirety of her bulging sides. 
 
  She rolled upward, making Kris whimper and sigh cutely. Her lips rolled and kisses as she slid along the cockmeat, leaving puddles of wetness along the pale inches. Her hand rotated the cock around, wiggling it back and forth and offering up more of the pale flesh to her greedy lips. She kissed at both sides, alternating in her travel up the meaty, nine-inch girldick, cooing delightfully as she worked. Up she went, and Kris could only stare at the suddenness of this blowjob, the vigour with which that Yvette attacked her hard dick. It was like something out of an erotic pamphlet, and not something that happened in real life - yet, it was.
 
  Yvette pulled off as she reached the tip, a smile in her tone. “Goodness. It’s been forever since I’ve had a dick as big and meaty as this. They sure do grow you big out in the countryside, hm?”
 
  
    We’re still in the countryside, 
  
  Kris wanted to say, but she couldn’t - the feel of her lips against her dick was taking up her processing power. Any attempt to speak would have been dashed anyway, because Yvette, in her greedy, ravenous hunger for Kris’s cock, went down on her 
  
    instantly. 
  
  Her mouth parted, displaying the warm cavern of her mouth, dangling it over the cock like it was her prey - and then she was pushing herself down, her fat lips tugging on the plump cockhead, her head slipping down on the turgid girth happily. She sank onto the shaft, taking it into her hot mouth, her tongue instantly reaching out to greet it. 
 
  Kris moaned, her fingers squeezing into the fabric of her shirt. She watched as the Alchemist’s head of wavy brown hair sank down on her cock, watching her pale girth disappear between her big, plump lips. There were many, many inches yet to be fed into her saliva-strewn mouth, and Kris could only watch as Yvette took it inside, filling out her cheeks with dense cockmeat. Saliva rolled around her cock as the tongue attacked it, slapping against the bulging flesh with wet noises. Her cheeks shifted and squished against the dick, hugging it tightly even though they were steadily pushed out by the sheer amount of girl dick they had to contend with.
 
  Yvette pushed down further, taking first a third into her mouth, and then half of the entire cock, shoving it between her tightly-clamped lips. Her plump mouth kept a firm grip on the broad girth, the skin rolling as she went down on Kris like they were two soft cushions. Her tongue greeted the oncoming cock lewdly, acting as a carpet of soft flesh for her length slide against. Her dickhead sank into the warm heat, saliva dripping across her many throbbing inches and coating her over in a layer of sticky wetness. Kris was left groaning constantly as Yvette eagerly gobbled up her dick, acting like a woman starved as she shoved it all into her mouth.
 
  Her hand was tight around the cock's base, guiding it deeper and deeper into her descending mouth. The grip of her fingers was tight, hugging the bottom few inches of her girth and squeezing occasionally, drawing out pleased pulsations from the meat-rod. Yvette's jaw was stretched out wide as she tried to accommodate all that hard, dense cockmeat within her mouth, the sight lewd and perverse to Kris's teen eyes. Just below the woman's cock-sucking lips and pretty face was the obscene bulge of her tits, forming a shelf of breastflesh that bulged and squished against her forearms. The flesh was pushing out as she dipped down, giving Kris a real treat as she looked down.
 
  Yvette began to pull back upward, her lips sliding up the cock, caressing it with her warm, soothing mouth. Kris moaned as the older woman's skilled lips moved along her aching girth, massaging it with her tongue and lips, extracting inch after inch from the damp heat and letting it languish in the cool backroom air. Her movements were smooth and slick, the extraction of all that girthy dickmeat not causing her a single bit of issue whatsoever, and Kris couldn’t do little more but groan. Her cock pulsated happily as it was caressed by her mouth, but as it pulled free it caused a needy ache to surge through her that begged her to just shove her hips into that mouth.
 
  The older woman moved up to the tip, her plump lips forming a tight seal around the ridged head, holding fast and snug as she sucked hard. The next moment she was popping off lewdly, her lips rolling off the bulging tip and a smile decorating her mouth. “It’s been a while since I’ve had a cock this good, cutie.”
 
  “P-please,” Kris said, unsure if her town was pleading for her to stop, or continue.
 
  Yvette’s hand swung her cock back and forth, letting it slap teasingly against her lips. It produced soft squishy noises, and the light contact made Kris’s mind go hazy. She squeaked out a sigh, her face scrunching up as Yvette smiled against her large girth, before once more guiding it into her mouth. She all but inhaled the cock, sliding it into her wet mouth on the plush carpet of her tongue. She rolled down smoothly, gobbling up inches of the pale girth and allowing it to push deeply into her squishy cheeks. It hit the back of her throat quickly, the length of it granting no other option.
 
  She pushed down before rising back up again, the movement of her head almost cyclical. She pushed down, gobbling up more than half of the cock at a time, before sliding off it with her lips pressed tight and snug around it. She went down on Kris with an efficient and thorough blowjob, her head rolling up and down, hair bouncing along. The poofy sleeves of her dress fell down her arms as her hands remained up high, with one planted on Kris’s cock and the other resting itself on her slender waist. Kris sighed as Yvette sucked her cock, head pushing down and bathing her dick in wetness such that the saliva began to bubble and froth around her stiffness. 
 
  She slurped on the hard dick, her lips maintaining a tight seal even though saliva seeped out between them. Her hand didn’t so much as move the entire time, and simply kept a vice-like grip on the base of her engorged prick. Fingers occasionally tapped at her cock to send pinpricks of pleasure through her, while she even more occasionally squeezed down on the throbbing dick between them. Kris tried not to moan too loudly or too frequently, but it was, sadly, for naught; it simply felt too good, too much for her needy dick and aching balls, and any attempt to the contrary failed. That failure spurred her to try harder, and soon her hands were set down upon Yvette’s brown locks; her intention being to push at the woman, but her strength faltered when the Alchemist sent her cockhead brushing against the back of her spongey throat, drawing a loud groan from her lips. 
 
  Kris looked down at the woman who was sucking her cock so eagerly, the second person to date to give her such amazing head. Her breasts were squishing around her forearms whenever her mouth went down on her cock, the jutting swells forming chocolate hilltops and a bulging shelf that Kris amusedly mused could carry a half-dozen potions; Yvette could jam a few in her massive cleavage and set some atop her rounded peaks, and use her tits as another display for her goods. A few strings of saliva that fled her mouth and bubbled around the pale slab of cockmeat dripped down onto them, creating sticky, wet lines on her tits. It rolled over the chocolate slopes like raindrops on a window, unable to cover much more than a sliver of her massive mounds.
 
  Kris had to admit that Yvette was extremely good looking for her years, her age lending her a very authoritative look. She was the kind of woman that Kris would obediently follow back home, and a lewd part of her mind would 
  
    very 
  
  much have liked to be ‘stuck’ with someone like her. It was surely just the needy mind of her brain speaking, but Kris couldn’t find a fault with allowing someone like the Alchemist to take the reins - but the logical part of her told her this was 
  
    not 
  
  that situation, and she already 
  
    had 
  
  someone happy to do that for her. A very kind, very gorgeous Drow named Sevana, who Kris was quite possibly cheating on at the current moment.
 
  
    D-damn,
  
   Kris through, biting her lip and trying to steel her resolve. Her hands grabbed at Yvette’s hair a little harder and pushed at her head a little firmer. It was weak at first and did little, but as Yvette retracted off her cock just to push herself down, she found her momentum halted as Kris urged her off. 
 
  “I can’t - we can’t,” Kris repeated, trying to sound firm. “I’m 
  
    with 
  
  someone.” 
 
  Yvette’s eyes focused upward, her lips comically stretched around her pale girth; she stared, as if gauging Kris’s words, before the corners of her wide stretched lips turned upward. She pulled off entirely with a wet slurp, spittle hanging from her pretty lips. She wiped her lips with the back of her hand and hummed in a way that was far too seductive to be innocent. Her hands moved down to her breasts and rolled over the front of them, massaging the rolling lines of saliva into her chocolate-hued skin. Kris’s eyes were glued to her deliberate motions, watching rapaciously as they moved down, and down, and further still, outlining the full, F-cup curves as they came to a stop at her undersides.
 
  “Can this 
  
    someone 
  
  do this?” Yvette asked teasingly, lifting her breasts up with both hands. Each palm hefted the underside of one immense tit, and the squishy flesh immediately dipped over her palm. There was simply too much to easily hold, but Yvette maneuvered her tits with shocking deftness, bouncing up all that considerable weight up in her hands as if she had plenty of practice. Kris could only watch with wide eyes as the bouncing mounds were set in-line with her cock, and soon her teenage mind was blown as those doughy expanses were squished down against her heaving rod of saliva-slicked cockmeat.
 
  Kris gasped weakly, her cock singing in bliss as the exotic touch of breasts against her cock. Sevana had never even attempted to do such a thing, and Kris couldn’t understand why; all that silky, plump flesh against her cock, embracing it so thoroughly that there was soon not an inch of pale dickmeat not consumed by chocolate flesh, that it rocked her world. Her expression of ecstatic delight was emblazoned on her face, and Yvette very clearly noticed it. She acknowledged it with a sly smirk, watching Kris with rising amusement as the touch of her tits slowly unravelled the girl that had been so dogged on resisting her advances.
 
  Kristana was ashamed to see how easily she fell apart, all from a pair of good tits and a new sex position, but she couldn’t even muster up the ability to fight against it. The first time that Yvette bounced her tits in her hands - a slight motion, given their considerable weight and heft - she mewled and shivered, essentially given up any will to fight. She was helpless against the touch of the silky tits against her engorged cock, and the grip of her hands faltered in Yvette’s brown waves. She groaned as the plump breastflesh caressed her hard girlcock, the silky skin squishing down against her. 
 
  “I’m guessing she hasn’t,” Yvette drawled, eyes glimmering knowingly. “Just lean back, and let Mistress Alchemist Yvette show you the proper way to treat a big, hard dick.”
 
  Kris groaned as those big, fat breasts were bounced up against her cock. The chocolate flesh bobbed and wobbled as it was manhandled, the flesh dipping inward as Yvette’s fingers dug into her own softness. Her biceps dug into the sides of her tits as she squished them together firmly, encasing the cock within her cleavage so firmly that it was as snug as a pussy, and the flesh was soon bulging around her clasping arms. Her cock was pushed against on all sides, with soft skin forming a tight seal that only shifted as she moved, and it was soon tingling wildly with delight.
 
  Yvette’s large breasts slid up her shaft, guided by the hands hefting them upward and her forearms that created a lattice underneath. She shifted the heavy weight up the length of the pale-skinned obelisk, covering every last inch in soft, dark flesh. Kris could barely catch a glimpse of her dick inside the shifting mass of titflesh, her girlcock buried into the lush cleavage right up to the hilt; even her excessive length wasn’t enough to see her pierce the tops of that rounded cleavage. Only when the mature woman brought her tits down with resounding claps did she see the top few inches of her cock pierce forth, her tip swollen and red, the paleness beneath standing out in harsh contrast to the chocolate hue of the woman’s skin.
 
  “I love the cute sounds you make,” Yvette purred, making Kris flush hard. She tried not to meet Yvette’s gaze, which was surprisingly easy, though for extremely lewd reasons - after all, the sight of her bouncing breasts was far more tantalizing.
 
  It was intoxicating just how amazing the titfuck felt, and Kris’s mind was thrown to the cusp of pleasure as they bounced and rolled along her painfully hard cock. Silken flesh glided smoothly, her cleavage growing slick with the previously deposited saliva. Soon it was massaged into the pocket of velvet skin, causing tiny, minuscule squelching noises to ring out each time the fat breasts were shifted. She squeaked out groans and moans, unable to contain herself as those breasts slid along her iron-stiff length, rolling up from base to tip and hugging every last inch. Yvette didn’t even have to move her breasts that much, given their lofty size; they hugged more than half the shaft naturally, allowing her to easily cover everything with calm movements.
 
  Yvette had perfect control over her tits, bouncing them up and down to draw out reactions from Kristana, eyes ravenously watching the myriad of expressions flitting over her teenage face. Kris couldn’t contain herself, not under the assault of heady, intoxicating pleasure. She willingly let herself enjoy the titjob, her breath coming out in hard pants as her aching cock sang out in bliss. Electric tingles surged through her as the soft breastflesh rolled along, stroking her dick in ways she could not comprehend. Her cock glided through Yvette’s deep cleavage, the heat of all that skin bathing her dick.
 
  “Enjoying yourself?” Yvette asked teasingly, knowing very well that Kris was. Her breasts bobbed smoothly, the flesh wobbling and jiggling under her hands as they moved up and down relentlessly. Her fingers dug knuckle-deep into the plush expanse, while her biceps were half-covered by the bulges of her sideboob. Her arms squished down further, pressing her tits together harder, trapping Kris’s cock thoroughly in an even tighter embrace that left her gasping with delight. 
 
  She moaned and panted harder, her squeaky voice growing more intense as the minutes of tit fucking passed, her eyes going hazy from the pleasure. The tits thumped down around the base of her cock with muffled claps, and rose up with jiggling motions that made her vascular cock pulsate hard. She could no longer resist bucking her own hips as she felt the tell-tale signs of orgasm rise up inside her, and the feeling of her cock gliding through the deep cleavage was immensely gratifying. Her pelvis slapped against the jutting shelf of Yvette’s tits, making the flesh ripple out from the point of impact.
 
  Yvette brought her tits down hard, letting a ringing clap echo out as everything but the top two inches of cock were engulfed between her breasts. She smiled coyly as she ceased all movement entirely, and lowered her head as Kris let out a low whine. She puckered out her lips and pressed the plump skin to the bulbous cockhead, kissing the very tip of it slowly. It made her cock shiver, but the sudden lack of motion had it shivering more; she craved friction, her balls aching for release, and it wore her down even more. 
 
  Yvette let go of her breasts, letting them bounce away from Kris’s cock and wobble down against her chest. They bounced for a few times as their weight caused them to shift and roll in lewd patterns, before eventually coming to a heavy stop down on her chest, ever so slightly sloping off to the sides. She winked at Kris as she rose to her feet, leaving the girl a flush-faced mess with a cock aching and red from the strain and lack of release. 
 
  “W-what?” Kris groaned, not for the first time that day. Her frustrations were clear in her tone, and it was exactly what Yvette wanted to hear, apparently. “W-why-”
 
  “I can’t let you blow your load so early,” Yvette replied cheekily, running her tongue over her lips. She didn’t bother to fix up her dress as she turned away, leaving Kris gaping at the apparent lack of desire to finish her off. She was panting hard, her dick so painfully aching for release that it consumed all of her thoughts, just staring at the older, dark-skinned woman as she sashayed off. Her voluptuous, childbearing hips swung from side to side as she walked over to a nearby table, quickly brushing aside all of the alchemical accouterments atop its surface as if they didn’t even matter to her. They were pushed to the far end, a few metal instruments falling over and shuffling against one another, leaving a broad swathe of empty surface before her.
 
  It was there that Yvette bent over, one forearm planted on the freshly cleared surface. The other arm reached back and grabbed the hem of her dress, quickly tugging it over the massive swell of her ass and pulling it up her bent body, leaving her lower half entirely bare. She had no undergarments on, either having decided against them, or having removed them previously; it left her lower lips free, and Kris stared at the leaking snatch with wide eyes. Her snatch was dripping wet, her folds flushed with colour and her petals parted wide, as if needy for a good cock. Her ass was big and fat, jutting out as far as her tits and as wide as her hips, like two chocolate mountains. It was a surprise that Kris could even see her pussy between the lush hemispheres, and it made for an arousing sight.
 
  Yvette wiggled her hips a moment later, waving her ass in Kris’s direction in a very clear indication. The copious flesh of her ass jiggled along with the side to side motions, and it made Kris’s blood boil and burn with lust. It was a sigh no hot-blooded futa could deny, and it was like a primal urge surged through her body, demanding her to surge forward and slam her cock inside. It wasn’t something she’d do under normal circumstances, but she’d now been denied her orgasm twice, her cock aching with violent need and her swollen balls practically doing the thinking for her. 
 
  Kris lost all control within moments, any thought of Sevana lost on her as she did nothing more than submit to the urges of her dick. She surged forward with speed, taking hold of Yvette’s ass and sinking her fingers knuckle-deep into the fat mass. She didn’t bother aligning her cock properly, instead trusting to the primal instincts of mating, and slammed her hips forward the moment her bulbous tip was pressed against the wide-stretched lips of her snatch. She rammed her cock inside her cunt, shoving the entire length of her girthy cock right through Yvette’s sopping tunnel, the force of her blow carrying her hips forward and colliding with the jutting ass with a loud clap.
 
  “O-oof!” Yvette half-grunted, half-giggled, her hair bouncing around her face. She let out a full-bodied laugh as she looked over her shoulder at Kris, resting both of her forearms down on the table to brace herself. “Take it easy, cutie, there’s time -”
 
  Kris ignored her, now so filled with pent-up lust and urges that her words simply slipped off her mind. She was razor-focused on a single goal: fucking Yvette’s pussy until she’d blown her load, finally getting herself off. That was all she worked toward, without any idea of taking it easy every rooting itself in her mind. She fully bent over Yvette’s backside, arms wrapping around the older woman’s shoulders and clasping tightly; her hands dug into the woman’s fat, hanging breasts, which had half-flattened against the table below. Kristana latched onto her with feral intensity, and soon there wasn’t an inch between their bodies.
 
  She started up into a reckless rut immediately, all of the carefully cultivated lovemaking by Sevana falling away as she indulged in her desires. She was more like an animal in heat as she drew her hips back, sliding her fat, throbbing cock outside of the Alchemist’s remarkably tight twat, before driving it back inside right into the very hilt with a loud clap. Her iron hard shaft rammed into Yvette’s insides with shocking force, making the older woman cry out as she was remorselessly impaled. Kris’s slim hips thumped against the fat curve of her ass, the flesh rippling out from the point of impact, while the snatch she impaled squelched around her length.

  Kris bucked her hips raggedly and fiercely, shoving her throbbing cock deep into Yvette’s soft snatch. Her hips continuously pounded the meaty expanse of assflesh, her slim, svelte body moving with shocking speed and intensity. Her cock was snugly gripped by Yvette’s equally need snatch, the pink walls roiling and tugging desperately as they were stretched out by a massive slab of dickmeat. Yet, it wasn’t enough for Kris’s needy mind and horny dick; in the lewdest sort of way, Yvette’s jutting assmeat was simply too large, preventing her from properly sheathing herself inside her cunt. Her hips would bang against it, making it ring out loudly and cause the flesh to dip, but due to the sheer amount of assflesh, her rapidly pumping hips could not succeed in jamming the last few inches of her girth inside her snatch.
 
  It was like a barrier that prevented her entry, and it frustrated the needy girl. It led her to swinging her hips with ever-increasing force, using all of her power and weight to plunge her colossal shaft of cockmeat into the depths of Yvette’s cunt. It made the older woman squeal as Kris fucked her like a jackrabbit, all for the purpose of properly sinking every last inch into her cunt - a truly reckless and untenable pace that was far too much for a girl of Kris’s size and stamina, but something she committed to with full-bodied force. It worked, too, for each crashing descent of her hips forced Yvette’s assflesh down further, squeezing it under the weight of her hips. 
 
  Her fat ass cratered inward, the flesh bending and dipping around her hips, and before long it was going concave each time she slammed inward. It went concave as she hammered into the fleshy mass, using it as little more than a cushion to rest upon as her cock drove in deep. Her hips were practically swallowed up by the crater of Yvette’s rear end, but nothing mattered to Kris but fucking herself to the point of orgasmic bliss, and she just kept moving, rutting like an animal. She went balls-deep into the plush cunt, forcing out pink walls around her engorged girth, her fat balls slapping wetly against the line of her puffy vulva whenever she stabbed all the way inside.
 
  “O-Oh my!” Yvette moaned. “Y-you’re better than I could have hoped for!”
 
  Kris’s hands squeezed at her plump breasts as they swung violently underneath Yvette. Her arms had tightened into a powerful hold that wouldn’t have been out of place in a wrestling match, such was her sheer need and desperation; she held on fast as she slammed in again and again and again, her dick slamming into her sopping warmth with wild abandon. Her cock kissed all of Yvette's deepest points, making the buxom milf groan and moan aloud. Her body rocked and rolled underneath Kris’s, the very table shaking from the intensity of her thrusting body and impaling cockmeat. The instruments at the other end tipped over, with a few crashing to the floor as they were shaken loose by the impossible strain the table was forced to endure.
 
  It was an untenable pace, something that Kris couldn’t possibly keep up - she was putting every last ounce of stamina into a full-bodied rutting, as if she was running a race to the finish line. There was no drawing it out or pushing herself to the brink, for she was already there, having been edged twice now to the point of release. She was just trying to get off, and she put everything into it, even as her breathing began to deepen and her cock began to swell up. She knew she was close, right there on the edge again, and she fucked with the single minded determination that nothing was going to stop her. Yvette seemed to be in love with the hard, intense pace, as if all she wanted was a good, hard fuck. Her cunt spasmed and rolled, clenching down hard as every one of her sweet spots was bashed and fucked with the force of a battering ram, her cunt brutally rearranged by Kris’s bludgeoning log of dickmeat.
 
  There were no words as her climax approached, just heavy breathing and groaning as she impaled Yvette over and over. Her body rocked beneath her, but she kept a firm hold, sheathing her dick in right to the base with harsh and jagged motions that sent pleasure surging through the woman’s cunt. Even when her sopping snatch clamped down in response to the rough fucking, it didn’t slow Kristana’s pace one bit as she simply forced them aside with her swollen girth and stabbed deep into her insides. Her swollen balls swung forward and collided against her spongey folds and juice-soaked clit, internally swirling with baby-batter ready for release. 
 
  When Kris finally climaxed, she did so thunderously, her body rocking and spasming violently as she groaned out at the top of her lungs. Her cock exploded in orgasm, violently ripping through her pent-up shaft and spurting into Yvette’s insides like a cannon. Spurt after spurt of hot, warm baby batter flowed through her rippling sheath, coating the pink walls over in thick, runny layers of white. It sloshed through her insides in a steaming wave, but it was forced to squelch aside as Kris’s violent thrusts did not stop, her hips still bucking even as her balls emptied themselves of her biggest load of semen to date. She worked off the last little bit of her frustration with rolls of her hips, impaling the squishy snatch just a tiny bit longer while her cock poured cum right into her womb.
 
  Kris didn’t even care that she’d just blown a load into a stranger’s pussy without a single thought toward safety or fertility; she did so happily and eagerly, in fact, allowing the last few dregs of her thick sperm to spill into Yvette’s womb and fill it to the brim without a second thought. Kris couldn’t even say how long it was that she stood there, unloading her balls inside the much older woman; time lost meaning, and it was only after she was totally empty that she stumbled back, her cock slipping free of the cream-stuffed channel with an obscene noise.
 
  It was only then, with her mind clear of her need, that Kris realized what she’d done. She froze up, spine stiffening, and jerked upward, gaze carefully averted from Yvette. “I - I! Uhm. Potions. Where are they…?”
 
  “Right there,” Yvette said sleepily, her voice dripping with satisfaction. She pointed at a nearby set with a lazy finger, her arm practically dropping as she leaned heavily against the table. “Take them; you’ve certainly earned them.”
 
  Kristana flushed hard as she collected the potions, tugging them into a discarded satchel and throwing it over her shoulder. “U-uhm - t-thanks.”
 
  “No problem,” Yvette drawled dreamily. “Come back any time, and I’ll teach you 
  
    other 
  
  things -”
 
  Kris couldn’t rush out the door fast enough.
  
  Kris certainly didn’t make it to the fountain in time, though she rushed toward it as fast as she could without drawing any undue attention from the townspeople. The Drow was resting on a bench just beside it, one leg crossed over the other, a peculiar expression on her face - some mix of boredom and annoyance, and it made Kris’s heart pang in her chest. Nonetheless, she said nothing as she rushed up to her, panting from the length of her sprint and hoping the flush on her cheeks could be put down to her hurrying and not to her embarrassment.
 
  “You’re late,” Sevana accused as the girl came to a stop before her, her lips pursed. 
 
  “Yeah, I’m sorry,” Kris apologized, attempting to fight down her guilt and nervousness. “I was, uh - I got lost.”
 
  “Lost?” Sevana raised an eyebrow. Her eyes scanned critically over Kris, making the girl fidget shakily.
 
  “Lost - lost track of time.” Kris chanced a smile. 
 
  “Uh-huh.” The Drow stared at her for a long moment, her lips and jawline tightening just a fraction. “Is that so?”
 
  “It - it is,” she replied defensively, shuffling and shifting. After a moment she propped up her satchel, wiggling it a bit. “I got the potions.”
 
  “...And a satchel,” Sevana pointed out, and Kris flushed a bit more.
 
  “It was, uh, part of the bargain.”
 
  “The bargain,” Sevana repeated slowly, once more looking over Kris. She sniffed imperiously and stood up, flipping her silvery hair over her shoulder. “I suppose it was a 
  
    good bargain
  
  .”
 
  Kris gulped. “...Yeah.”
 
  The Drow smiled curtly. “Well, you have the potions, at least.” She spun around, hand gesturing casually. “Come.”
 
  Her manner was far more brisk and quick than Kris was used to, and she had the sinking feeling that the Drow recognized her nervousness. She said nothing, though, and with Kris so eager to please, she followed along quickly and obediently. However, Sevana cast looks at Kris the entire time she led her to the inn, her demeanour somewhat colder than Kris was used to. Kris simply couldn’t contain her nervousness and guilt over fucking someone other than her new partner, and Kris wasn’t nearly skilled enough at lying to hide her feelings; worse, it seemed like Sevana noticed, but instead of commenting, her demeanor just got colder and colder. The teen nervously gnawed on her lip as she was led to the Traveller’s Rest Inn without so much as a hint of conversation, the Drow unusually tight-lipped.
 
  She didn’t even stop to show Kris the horses she’d purchased, only stating that she had put them to rest in the stables in a very curt voice. Sevana had apparently taken care of everything, even renting out a room with amenities for them, but she was tight-lipped about it. She just quietly led Kris through the inn, past the bustling dining area and up into the upper floors of the building. As they rounded their floor and head toward their room with a tense silence hanging between them, the two bumped into a rather short figure.
 
  It was a small girl, or so Kris thought at first. She was small, barely five feet in height, with shoulder-length blonde hair closer to a flaxen colour and bright, intent green eyes. Though Kris thought she was a young human girl at first, her body was as well-developed as any older teenager, with a medium-sized chest and a gentle flaring to her hips. She was also rather stout for her height, not quite stocky, but certainly wider and more built than a girl would be - more than Kris, too. 
 
  
    A dwarf, 
  
  she realized. 
  
    A pretty cute one, too.
  
 
  “Oh, hello, mistress,” the dwarf saif politely, nodding her head deferentially at Sevana. “I’ve finished preparing your room. I hope it’s to your satisfaction.”
 
  “Thank you, Salley.” Sevana’s smile was tight, her response curt, and Kris didn’t fail to notice. She glanced at her out of the corner of her eye, and Sevana glanced back. “Salley, this is Kristana. Kris, this is Salley, the daughter of the owner of this fine establishment.”
 
  “My pleasure,” Salley said to Kris, smiling gently at her. Kris weakly return the smile, her nervous angst rising up in her chest.
 
  “You’ll have to excuse us,” Sevana told the dwarf. “It’s been a long day, and we need some time to ourselves. Thank you very much for fixing up our room.”
 
  Salley dipped her head. “If there’s anything out of place, don’t hesitate to call on me.”
 
  “I’ll be sure to,” Sevana said quickly, and gestured Kris forward. She led her to their room, producing a key from her satchel and letting the two of them inside quickly. The door wasn’t quite shut behind them as they stepped inside, Sevana moving with measured steps. The room was of a fair size, big enough for a large bed meant for two, along with a modest set of drawers. The left-hand side of the room had a large copper tub, under which the oak-paneled floor had a mat covering it. A sliding cloth screen was set across that portion of the room, able to offer privacy to anyone that wanted to bathe in peace.
 
  “Put the potions on the chest,” Sevana said casually, flicking a finger at the set of drawers. “If you’d please.”
 
  Kris did so, eager to make things seem normal and please Sevana. She set the newly obtained satchel down on the top and removed the requested number of potions, along with the still full pouch of coin. She set them both down flat and set them up straight, attempting to make them neat.
 
  “Interesting,” Sevana said, and Kris turned to her. She was sitting on the bed, arms folded over her chest and legs crossed one over the other. “Now, how did you get all those potions when the coin purse is still completely full?”
 
  Kris froze, stumbling over herself. “I, uh -”
 
  Sevana’s cold demeanour quickly turned into icy anger, and her brow furrowed inward in fury. “I’ve fucked you enough to know how you look after sex, Kristana.”
 
  It was all she said, just a bold statement of fact, her eyes cold, glaring, and piercing. Kris realized that she 
  
    knew, 
  
  and had known, from the start - there was no ambiguity. Sevana knew she’d fucked someone else, and she’d just proven it by bringing back potions unpaid for. Briefly, the thought of saying that she’d just stolen them flitted through her mind, but it was dashed in an instant - it would only bury her further to lie.
 
  So Kris didn’t. She broke down, quickly admitting everything that had happened in that brief hour apart - the teasing Yvette forcing herself upon her, her lack of resistance, the sheer need with which she had fucked her; not because she liked her, not because she wanted a quick fuck, but because of the deliberate teasing and edging. She mentioned how much she’d protested, but she knew it was a weak excuse, given that she’d done it all anyhow. Halfway through she was on the brink of tears, and by the end her face was red, her eyes downcast and focused on the floor, entirely unable to meet Sevana’s gaze.
 
  “S-Sorry,” she finished, face downcast in anguish. Tears prickled at the corners of her eyes, her shame at betraying her new relationship like an anchor attached to her heart. “I-I’m so, s-so sorry. I can’t - I can’t a-apologize enough, but I am so sorry. I didn’t want to do anything to betray you, and I wasn’t even t-thinking, I just - I’m sorry. I really like you, and I - I can only ask for your forgiveness, even though I -”
 
  She was still stuttering incoherently when Sevana padded over to her, and so she jumped when she felt a finger on her chin. It urged her face upward, and she hesitantly met Sevana’s gaze - but it was no lock of their eyes, as suddenly the Drow was surging forward, her lips planting themselves down on Kris’s. It was quick, but soft, at odds with the speed that she’d attached their mouths together. It was a very gentle kiss at first, just a press of their lips together, chaste in the way of a parting or greeting couple. For a few long moments it was just that - it did not deepen, and it did not get harder, and Kris simply stood there, brain frozen as it was taken aback.
 
  It didn’t last, as soon the kiss was deepened. It was like a normal kiss between, heady and intoxicating in its depth. Sevana’s tongue pushed into her mouth like always, quickly prodding at her own and guiding it up into a dance, while their heads tilted smoothly and allowed their lips to lock together in a deep kiss. It was gentle and passionate, a lusty lip-lock that let them taste one another’s mouth, and Kris melted into that soothing, comfortable kiss. Yet it, too, didn’t last, and it fell apart quickly. Sevana’s tongue moved in increasingly intense fits and spurts, twisting and twirling, while her lips began to move and gnash. 
 
  It got intense, with Sevana’s tongue running circles around her own, pushing her down whenever she tried to match it. The Drow took control of her mouth in moments, sweeping around the damp cavern and swiping over every last inch of it. Her mouth moved and sucked at her lips, teeth digging into her lips whenever she could, kissing Kris so hard she was left floundering. Her hands were on Kris’s cheeks, preventing her from pulling away as she locked her into a deep, lusty kiss that was entirely on the Drow’s terms, her mouth unable to put up a fight. It was like she was having her breath sucked out of her as Sevana kissed her roughly, the kissing almost violent in its intensity, and soon Kris was flushed and breathless.
 
  Sevana latched onto Kris’s lower lip as she pulled back, roughly nipping at the fleshy lower lip before allowing it to pop out of her mouth. Kris could barely understand what had just happened, and her mouth felt totally violated by the Drow’s tongue, but she wasn’t given any time to process. Sevana stared into her eyes, hands on her cheeks, her lips curled in a sneer.
 
  “What did that 
  
    whore 
  
  do to you first?” Sevana demanded, and Kris shivered.
 
  “S-she pinned m-me against the wall,” Kris stammered, eyes shifting left and right, “a-and gave me a blowjob.”
 
  Within less than a second Kris was roughly shoved against the wall, her back thumping against it painfully. She was left floundering as Sevana dropped down to her knees just as fast as Yvette did, her hands insistently stripping her of her trousers before freeing up her cock. She wasn’t as hard as before, and she was a little more intimidated than she was aroused, but the touch of a soft hand did enough to send blood surging up her cock. Her state of hardness mattered little to Sevana, who lowered her face to the semi-stiff length and immediately began to assault it with her mouth. She acted hungrily, attacking it with a viciousness that Kristana hadn’t seen before, as if the Drow was taking out her frustrations out on the fat girth.
 
  Her tongue practically attacked it, slapping her tongue against the topmost portion and sliding roughly around the meaty length. Her hand gripped the throbbing midsection and stroked roughly, drawing mixed sensations of pain and pleasure along it. She was squeezing hard, making Kris groan, while her tongue slid across the girthy inches of cockmeat at mesmerizing speeds. Her pouting lips pressed down as she lavished it with quick, sloppy kisses, the hard edges of her teeth rubbing against her vascular underside and making Kris jump. 
 
  Sevana’s plush lips roved up, her tongue lavishing the cock with full-bodied licks that left saliva rolling down it thickly. She quickly latched on to the throbbing tip, pulling it between her lips as her hand pumped furiously below, her grip so tight that it was like a vice. She sucked at the throbbing tip encased between her lips, her cheeks going flat as she slurped on it, saliva audibly squelching in her mouth. She was suddenly pushing down further, not warning given as indication, and drove her mouth down with frightening speed on the cock. Yvette had been fast, but she was outdone by Sevana’s blinding speed, who took every inch of the long cock into the warm furnace of her mouth in an instant.
 
  It slammed into the back of her spongey throat, making Kristana groan loudly. Immediately Sevana pulled off, only to drive herself back down until her lips were flush with the turgid base it the lewdest sort of a deepthroat. She bobbed her head in a quick, rough blowjob, hastily extracting glistening inches of cockmeat from between her plump lips before sliding back down with rapidity, her tongue slapping against every inch stuck within her mouth. The bulbous crown pushed against her cheeks and the back of her throat, pushing against the squishy flesh and bulging it outward as force was applied.
 
  Her hand pumped hard and fast, stroking whatever portion of saliva-strewn cock wasn’t contained inside her hot, damp mouth. It worked up and down, meeting her descending lips time and time again, drool rolling and dripping down the pale-skinned pole and saliva sloshing inside the wet seal of her mouth. Her plump lips kept tight as she pushed up and down, stretched wide around the monstrous obelisk of cock that was attached to a far more slender girl than it should have been. Sevana’s work was brisk and speedy, moving with none of Yvette’s greedy excitement and instead only a furious display of angry passion.
 
  
    This is, like, the lewdest reprimand of my life, 
  
  Kris mused.
 
  Sevana pulled off with a wet pop, her long, tapered ears flicking as she gave Kris an intense look. “Was that all?”
 
  “A-ah, n-no.” Kris shook her head. “She... used her breasts.”

  Sevana sniffed imperiously. She released the cock and quickly tugged at the folds of her halter-style dress, pulling it apart and released its hold on her chest. The cloth was roughly tugged down over her breasts, only removed far enough to reveal her plump C-cup breast and not bothering with anything else. It was secured under her chest line and quickly forgotten, and Sevana immediately grabbed her breasts and pushed them up around Kris's cock. Her breasts, while juicy and plump in their size, were far smaller than Yvette's massive pair, and failed to provide the same level of contact that hers had. 
 
  Still, they squished against the sides of her dick, surrounding a third of the meaty shaft inside her cleavage. Sevana's breasts were just as doughy and silky, though firmer, and their size meant that she had far better control over them. However, she didn't start to move in the same way that Yvette had - instead of bouncing her modestly sized breasts up and down Kris's cock, she kept her hands firmly pressed against her bulging flanks and surrounded the third of cockmeat in an extremely tight embrace of soft, squishy flesh. It formed a perfect seal around her dick, with the sides of Sevana's ashy-grey breastflesh squishing up against itself and forming a wavy line of tightly-mashed tits.
 
  She didn't bounce or manhandle them up and down, instead moving her entire body up and down. It was a different technique to what she’d just learned, and Kris was, for the second time, totally mind blown by the new and different way of tit fucking. It felt just as good, too, for while her cock wasn’t totally consumed by breastflesh and swallowed up in fleshy cleavage, Sevana provided an entirely different sort of friction. Though only a portion of cock was covered at a time, it felt similar to a handjob, in that it made her cock tingle in anticipation for whenever she would next be stroked by the soft skin of her tits.
 
  Sevana bounced up and down on her thighs, pushing her torso skyward. Her tits slid along Kris’s cock, caressing large portions of the dick at a time and, while they couldn’t cover all that much, her speed made up for it. Anticipation built up in Kris’s core as the breasts rubbed up and down, caressing the meaty shaft, flesh squishing out around it as Sevana pressed her tits in together hard. She didn’t need to heft them up from the undersides and instead gripped the bulging flanks, pushing them together powerfully and keeping Kris in a tight seal that lavished her with pleasure. She squeaked out groans and moans as her cock surged with life, the combination of blowjob and titjob enough to make her burn with arousal - despite the roughness of it all.
 
  And it 
  
    was 
  
  rough, that was certain. Sevana practically attacked her cock, roughly titfucking her shaft as if she were engaged in a fight. It was a furious back and forth motion, no teasing deliberation or attempt at riling her up like Yvette had done. It was all fast and quick, her body bouncing as her legs sent her up and down, breasts pressed together firm and hard. Her face was a mask of intense concentration, but not because what she was doing was taxing for her - rather, it was because of how clearly annoyed she was. It was the weirdest thing Kris had ever experienced, but at the end of the day she was getting her cock titfucked by a gorgeous Drow, and she was but a hormonal teenage human girl.

  She bounced on her heels, torso rising with brisk motions. Kris’s long, meaty cock delved through the plump flesh of her cleavage, piercing through the lush hemispheres at the top like a jutting spear. Once or twice it bounced against Sevana’s chin rather hard, and the contact against her sensitive tip made Kris hiss and groan. It left tiny amounts of clear white liquid on her ashy skin, but the Drow didn’t seem to care at all as she just kept moving. Kris sighed more and more frequently as her rubber cockhead delved through the sinfully soft flesh of her cleavage, rubbing against the full curves of her breasts, while her veiny meat was fully stroked. Her heavy balls slapped against the undersides of her doughy mounds, letting out muffled claps as they caused her tits to wobble violently from the undersides-upward.
 
  The Drow’s ears twitched in time with Kris’s moans and groans of pleasure, and she soon cast her gaze upward accusatory. “Did you cum on the bitch’s chest?”
 
  “No,” Kris gasped, startled out of her pleasure due to the coldness in her lover’s tone. “She bent over a table -”
 
  Sevana was already moving before she finished speaking. Her breasts slipped away from Kris's cock as she stood up, and swiftly padded her way over to the bed. As she walked she let her dress go limp before walling down around her smooth, curvy body, pooling down on the floor in a puddle of red. There wasn't a hint of delay as Sevana bent herself over the bed, hands planted down and her body extended, ass pushed out toward Kristana. The bed was lower than the table, so the Drow didn't lean over it in the same way as the Alchemist, but Kris didn't care for a mirror of the earlier rutting.
 
  "Go on," the Drow demanded. "Fuck me, like you fucked the whore."
 
  Kris walked forward, lip captured between her teeth. She set her hands down carefully on Sevana's plump ass, caressing the soft, ashy skin. Her cock prodded at her smooth thighs, the top of the vascular length rubbing at her slick petals. "It wasn't - it wasn't really a fucking. I wouldn't want uh... ah, a repeat of that."
 
  Sevana made a noise. "I said to fuck me, Kristana -"
 
  Kris grit her teeth as she obeyed her Drow lover, guiding her cock against her slick entrance. She didn't really want to just shove her cock inside and fuck her as she had Yvette, because there was something different between them than something like a feral rutting; but at Sevana's insistence and cold glare she did as she was told, pushing her cock in swiftly and without delay. She was surprisingly wet, which Kris didn't expect, given her anger toward her. It made her falter briefly, but Sevana wasn't interested in her being slow; she started to push back once the cock started to pierce her folds, taking the cock into herself at her won reckless pacing.
 
  Kris pushed herself in further, driving her now rock-solid cock into the sopping heat of her cunt with a harsh forward motion of her hips, but she was outmatched by Sevana herself. She pushed her ass back with a nimble roll of her hips and a tensing of her hands, sliding her wet pussy along the slab of dickmeat and filling her pink walls out with the same fierce vigour that she had shown throughout the entire sexual encounter. It was like she couldn't be pleased and couldn't be tamed, and wasn't going to let Kris take it slow. 
 
  Being buried within a soft cunt was enough for Kris's mind to go hazy once more, her dick singing out with pleasure. The velvet sheath surrounding her was supple and pliant, hot and wet in all the right places, and it made her teenage body shiver excitedly. In no time she was bottoming out inside Sevana, for there wasn't a massive mass of assflesh to contend with; just a beautiful, plump curve of ashy-white skin, which fit perfectly against her pelvis. She sheathed herself entirely inside, content to lavish in the feel of Sevana's perfect pussy, but she wasn't given any reprieve once the older woman began to move.
 
  Sevana pulled off with force, dragging her pussy off the bludgeoning rod of cockmeat at a quick pace. It slid wetly, leaving trails of fluid along her broad girth, while her flushed lips clung to the cock. She was pushing herself down just as quickly, sliding back with and landing her ass against Kris's pelvis with a satisfying thump. She started up into a rhythm of motion, sliding her cunt on and off the shaft with rough tug of her ass and harsh rolls of her hips, slamming her inner walls down on the fat rod at awkward angles that sent her dickhead bouncing off snug inner walls and distend them outward. It was almost clumsy in its nature, and a far cry from how she normally operated, but she was all rough passion at that moment.
 
  "Move those hips, Kris," she demanded, and Kris hastily complied. She tried to match Sevana's rough movements, driving her hips forward with force and claiming her cunt with the meat of her cock once again. She hammered into her depths each time Sevana brought her ass down on her pillar, and the muffled claps soon became satisfying slaps as her hips slammed into her fat ass. The Drow growled and arched her back as she wiggled her hips, ass rising and falling along her cock even as her body pumped back and forth.
 
  She was fucking like a hellion or an amazon, all passion and roughness. her cunt squelched and roiled as it was remorselessly impaled by the hard dick, and more often than not Kris was sent thrusting into inner walls instead of slipping into her steaming depths. The friction of the fucking was intense, her already sensitive cock feeling raw from just how hard Sevana was going at it. Her cockhead snagged on plush inner walls and sent them cascading outward, the weight of her girth pushing them out far. The elastic folds took it all before bouncing back into place, and Sevana didn't show an ounce of discomfort as she was reamed out.
 
  She had as much control over the situation as Kris did, and the girl's movements were entirely dictated by the Drow's heady, reckless pace. The back and forth motions of their bodies was almost in synchrony, with them both thrusting toward one another at the same time before pulling apart. Kris laid into her cunt with hammering blows as she tried to give the Drow what she wanted, her hands gripping her soft assflesh nice and tight until it bulged between her fingers, but she wasn't feeling the hard, rough fucking like she had earlier. The desperate lust had fled her long ago, and she didn't want to rut into Sevana like a bitch in heat. 
 
  Her pace slowed, her unwillingness to match Sevana's pace making itself known. Sevana continued to push back on her pillar of girlmeat, taking it into her hot cunt over and over, the spasming inner walls greeting it eagerly. They recoiled from each heavy blow, clamping down hard whenever they were fucked in the wrong way, and it made Kris whimper. She bit her lip as she swung her hip, her cock gliding through the silken channel at a far more careful pace than Sevana was displaying. The room was filled with the sounds of clapping flesh, squelching liquids, and grunting voices, the sounds lewd and intoxicating. 
 
  Sevana's ass smacked against her pelvis, the flesh bending inward as she sheathed herself in hard. her breasts swung beneath her body as she pushed back and forth, fingers digging into the sheets, while her cunt squirmed around the cock impaled inside her. But, despite her insistence that Kris move as hard as she, the Drow was soon slowing as well. In a parody of how Kris had tried to match her pace, soon it was like Sevana was trying to match hers. The sex slowed down fractionally, not really noticeable to Kris's hazy, lust-soaked mind, but soon it became noticeable as Sevana's hips slowed down.
 
  Soon Kris's dick was sliding through her velvety glove properly, the lack of high-intensity fucking and reckless speed allowed her to avoid smashing into walls and instead sinking in properly. Her dick sheathed itself in Sevana's steaming depths at angles that came to her naturally, her dickhead brushing up against her deepest spots smoothly. Her cock glided through her snatch, shoving into the pooling wetness with enough force to dislodge it with wet pops. Her big dick pushed aside her clinging walls carefully, her pace significantly slower than before, the fucking almost gentle by comparison. Her hips rolled back and forth, sending her cock right into the hilt, her balls resting momentarily against sodden lower lips before she rolled back outside.
 
  Her hips moved at a cyclical pace, rolling back and forth and matching Sevana’s more gentle movements. Her cock swept through her insides, brushing up against sweet spots and pushing into her squishy depths. Sevana sighed, her shoulders shaking and her stiffness melting away from her body. The muscles of her backside relaxed calmly, her breath coming out in soft puffs, far more gentle and tender than when they’d started. Kris was moaning and squeaking in the same way, leaning over Sevana more and more as she slipped her cock into her wet heat, pushing apart spongy walls as she pushed in over and over.
 
  Sevana looked over her shoulder at her, her spine arching even further as she took Kris’s slow, gentle thrusts. She stared at the younger girl as her cunt was impaled right through, but without any force behind it; it might have made the fucking unsatisfactory, had her futacock not been so large. By dint of its girth and broadness, each slow, sliding thrust filled every nook and cranny of Sevana’s pussy, filling it up to the brim with creamy white dickmeat. There was also an undercurrent of emotion there, something 
  
    more, 
  
  which made it far more satisfying than physical pleasure.

  Sevana leaned up toward her, body twisting just a bit. Her face was peering over her shoulder, fine cheekbones, pretty eyes, and all, and Kris found herself drawn downward. Their lips pressed together once again, and there was none of the intensity or viciousness as before. It was soft and sweet and gentle, like it was normally, and Kristana felt herself melt into the kiss quickly. Lips pressed together softly, tongues gently sweeping against one another inside their wet mouths. Her cock thrust carefully, sliding in and out of the slick, sopping channel, smoothly hilting itself before gently drawing back out again.
 
  They kissed as their nethers joined slowly and gently, liquids slurping as they were rubbed and churned between the weight of her cock and the plush walls it pressed against. Kris leaned further and further into the kiss, her balls tingling and dick aching, already sensitive from the day’s events and the strangeness of the situation at hand. Sevana’s pussy was contracting and milking in that tell-tale sign of impending release as well, and Kris didn’t give the moment a second thought. She kept on going, kept on moving, fucking her cold-and-angry-yet-suddenly-passionate Drow lover with deep, slow strokes, kissing her lovingly, getting closer and closer to their mutual release.
 
  They released in unison sooner rather than later, with Sevana’s cunt contracting hard and rippling fast. The milking motion proved too much for Kris, and her cock was soon spitting out its load with strong throbs and pulsations. Her meaty pipe crawled to a stop in the velvet sheath, the contracting and rippling snatch playing across her entire throbbing length. Her balls swirled as they dredged up hot baby-batter and sent it rushing up her shaft, spitting thick globs into Sevana’s womb. It spilled through her dripping pussy, mingling in with her gushing juices until it was a frothy mixture of white seed and thick juices.
 
  The kiss lasted longer than their release, and it went on until Kristana’s lips felt chapped, sore, and swollen. Eventually Sevana pulled away, her lips equally swollen from the extended kiss, and she ran her tongue over her lips very thoroughly. She stared at Kris the entire time, before her lips twitched.
 
  Still panting, she asked, “did you kiss this 
  
    other woman
  
   like that?”
 
  “No,” Kris replied honestly.
 
  There was a long pause, where Kris’s heart thumped in her chest. It dragged on for a full minute, seemingly the longest of her young life, before Sevana eventually moved. She pulled off Kris’s cock, the semi-hard member leaving her tightness with an obscene-sounding slurp, and spun herself around. She daintily rose to her feet and walked over the copper tub at the other end of the room with her hips swinging, and Kris could only watch with bemusement and angst. 

  She watched as her traveling companion murmured a few arcane words under her breath into the palm of her hand, and the water in the tub glimmered as if one had lit the coals beneath it.
 
  She reheated the tub of water for another long minute before she was seemingly satisfied, and slid into the pool with feline grace. She flicked an idle finger toward the still-watching Kris, gesturing her forward. “Join me.”
 
  Kris eagerly obeyed, wanting to please Sevana however she could. She stripped the remains of her clothing off her body quickly as she rushed toward the tub, and slid into it at the opposing end, facing the Drow. The water was pleasantly warm from the spell, and it soothed Kris’s now sore and aching muscles. Sevana didn’t say anything at first, and so neither did the girl, both content to just luxuriate in the water for a few minutes. 
 
  Eventually, Kris’s inner guilt urged her to speak up. “Sorry, really. I didn’t mean to do anything against you. I - I like you way too much to do that.”
 
  Sevana sniffed, looking contemplative as her violet eyes flicked over the teenager. There was yet another long minute of silence, as if she was trying to make Kris tremble in her skin, and she bit her lip as she anxiously waited for a reply. It didn’t come quickly at all, but Sevana’s face lightened up and her lips curved into a coy smirk. She leaned forward in the tub just a bit, her hand sweeping outward, the water rippling around her generous chest line.
 
  “Next time you fuck another woman,” Sevana started, her voice coming out in a teasing, yet smug-sounding drawl. Her hand shot out with the speed of a viper and clamped down around Kris’s flaccid cock, holding the still-sensitive member in a tight and firm grip that made the girl yelp and whimper. “Make sure you ask for permission first.”
 
  Kris was still whimpering as she nodded rapidly, trying to convey her sincerity despite the tingles surging through her lower half. It seemed to be enough, for the Drow smiled and nodded once. “Good.”
 
  She leaned forward all the way and pecked Kris on the lips affectionately, like that of a kiss between a married couple, before pulling back. She released Kris’s sensitive dick and leaned back, resting against the edge of the tub, and let her head fall backward. She closed her eyes and let out a contented sigh, and Kris’s heart melted in relief as she realized that everything would be okay.

  
  
  
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Sevana and Kris sat in the tub of water for some time, until the water cooled and went lukewarm. Time passed in mostly comfortable silence, with little chatter between them - there wasn’t any need to, and they just relaxed. It had been a long journey, after all, and it was their first bath in some time, so they sat there with limbs entwined. Heads tilted over the edge of the copper tub, relaxed breaths leaving their mouths. 
 
  Eventually, there was a knock on their door, making them both start-up: Kristana in her usual jerky manner, and Sevana with an elegant rise and a hum. They briefly looked at one another, a gentle conveyance of curiosity, before Sevana glanced aside and toward the door.
 
  “Who is it?” she called out, her hand flicking in random patterns.
 
  “It’s Salley, Mistress,” a voice called out that Kris only belatedly associated with the dwarf maid from earlier. “Providing room service. Might I enter?”
 
  There was a pause where Kris flushed, as she realized in the same breath that they hadn’t thought to pull the privacy screen closed, and so the two were exposed in their nudity as they sat in the tub. 
 
  “Ah - hold on a sec!” Kris called and then glanced over at Sevana. She was the closer of the two to the screen, and made for the obvious choice to close it. “May you close the screen, please?”
 
  Sevana looked at her with her cool, violet eyes, then toward the door, then to the screen, and then back to Kris again. She did it all with the same smooth rotation, and as it came to a halt a slow smile spread across her lips and finished in a clever smirk. 
 
  “You may enter!” She called out confidently, and Kris gawked. Her eyes almost bugged out of her head and her mouth was parted indignantly, but she didn’t have time to wallow - as the door clicked open she quickly slumped into the soapy murk of the water, sinking up to her neck in an effort to preserve her modesty. 
 
  Sevana, of course, did nothing of the sort, continuing to recline over the edge as if she were a lordling, and the only thing missing from the sight would have been a wine glass in her hand. She simply luxuriated in the water as Salley the Dwarf entered the room, her breasts half-visible as they cut through the waterline, and her shoulders set back proudly in a way that left them prominently - if uncaringly - on display. Salley, for her part, trodded in almost nervously, glancing left and right as if expecting to see them in some furtive corner but very pointedly missing the tub and its occupants.
 
  “I brought fresh -” Salley was saying, her head twisting until she focused on the copper bathtub and its occupants, and her sentence quickly and abruptly trailed off. Her green eyes were wide as she took in Kris’s head hovering above the water and Sevana’s proudly jutting torso, her brain probably noting that they were both entirely nude in the water. 
 
  “...Towels,” she finished lamley after an extremely long moment. “Ah, I brought fresh towels.”
 
  Sevana smiled at her kindly, inclining her head. “We are obviously still bathing, but I thank you for the good service.”
 
  “I - I - see - I mean, yes. Of course. Sorry.” Salley bowed her head twice more than was necessary as she rushed over to the bed and set down the towels, and then, as if noting just how much of a mess the bedsheets were in, immediately began fussing over them. “I’ll just - allow me to, ah, tidy up, and I’ll be out of your hair. Hairs. Heads.”
 
  
    She’s a nervous girl, 
  
  Kris noted, watching with blinking - and somewhat mortified - eyes as the small blonde went about her work. After a moment of staring the black-haired girl looked over to Sevana, and she frowned as she noted the clever smirk on the Drow’s lips. She was staring at Salley with an expression that was slowly becoming familiar to Kris, and she felt a shiver of trepidation run up her spine.
 
  “I think you need new sheets,” Salley said quickly, almost rushedly, examining several of the dark stains dotting the material. “There’s, uhm - it’s stained.”
 
  For a moment Kris was frowning, but it didn’t take long for her to realize that those stains were the product of their earlier fucking, and soon it was making her blush furiously. She glanced at Sevana with something like panic and embarrassment, looking to the older women for reassurance, but all she saw was an eager and lustful grin on the Drow’s lips - the same kind of grin that she so often saw when Sevana was rearing for a round of sex. 
 
  “Now that,” Sevana drawled calmly, “is where Kris here was just fucking my brains out not too long ago.”
 
  Salley jumped back and froze up all of sudden, going as stiff as a board. Her cheeks tinged with pink as she stared at the spot on the bed, and then very nervously glanced over at Sevana, as if to find if she was joking and finding it entirely unfounded. Kris, too, began to sputter, turning an astonished gaze on her Drow lover, incredulous at how direct and honest she was with such sensitive topics. Sevana only looked pleased with herself, and when faced with Kris’s state, she only winked teasingly.
 
  “Salley, dear,” she called, “would you bring those towels over here for me, please?”
 
  Salley jerked as if struck, her nerves clearly getting the better of her as she shifted left and right. Her eyes moved rapidly as she tried to figure out where to look, and only after several moments of painstaking silence did she nod rapidly and pick up the recently placed towels and shuffle over to the Drow. Her gaze remained very carefully averted, looking anywhere but at the bathing pair, and then awkwardly shuffled to a stop. She remained very much pointedly looking away from them to the point of being painfully noticeable, but Kris was in no better state, with her cheeks flushed with mortification.
 
  Sevana, as if seeking to up the ante, unfolded herself from the bathtub and rose up out of the water with a graceful sweep that left Kris gawking - not because of her elegance, but because she was entirely naked and now revealing herself in front of their Dwarven maid. She gaped, cheeks red, watching as Sevana stood there without a care, water trickling down her modest curves and dripping into the water-filled tub like rainfall. Salley gaped, too, unable to entirely avert her gaze as curiosity got the better of her. 
 
  Both girls were well and truly mortified, in fact, but Sevana didn’t seem fazed in the least, as she calmly grabbed a towel and unfolded it. With a smooth word of thanks she began to dry herself off right then and there, still standing inside the tub, running the cloth over each arm before attending to her body, swiping it across the curves of her breasts and down the flat plane of her stomach. The girls continued to gape as she dried off, and when it came time for her to start cleaning her long, smooth legs, she stepped out of the tub carefully, drying one, and then the other, with liquid grace.
 
  It was seductive, in a way, and would have sent blood rushing downward, had Kristana also not been utterly mortified. Sevana continued to show no hint of embarrassment, however, remaining utterly confidant in her skin, and was soon standing up straight in front of the smaller Salley, the used towel falling to the ground in a heap. There was a knowing grin on Sevana’s lips, and as she stared down at the young blonde, it got fractionally wider.
 
  “Did you really think we needed fresh towels?” Sevana asked slowly, a note of amusement to her voice and a smile on her lips.
 
  Salley blinked, panicked, and shuffled back with her fingers tightening in her towels. “I-I - w-what?”
 
  “I know the room is stocked, Salley.” Sevana stepped in closer, staring down at the Dwarf with her sly smirk. “And don’t think that I hadn’t noticed your staring and stammering, earlier.”
 
  Another step, and she was even closer, her finger reaching out to tap at the bundle of towels clutched protectively against Salley’s chest. “You know what I think? I think that you came in here and hoped to get a glance at once of us bathing.”
 
  She grinned as Salley shuffled nervously. “Am I close to the mark?”
 
  Salley, instead of responding, turned her face downward, attempting to hide her blushing cheeks. It didn’t do anything of the sort, and Sevena’s hand reached out to cup Salley’s chin, and she pushed it up so that they could lock eyes again. 
 
  “How about it, Salley?” She purred. “Do we… live up to your expectations?”
 
  Salley quickly and timidly ran her eyes up and down Sevana’s body, the movements quick and furtive and somehow decisive. “You are 
  
    so 
  
  beautiful.”
 
  Sevana grinned as she set both hands on Salley’s shoulders, and the contact made Salley visibly shudder. She looked up and locked eyes with Sevana, green on violet, and she swallowed thickly.
 
  “Do you have anything else to do tonight?” Sevana asked, and Salley shook her head. 
 
  “Would you like to spend the night here?” She followed up, and this time Salley nodded.
 
  “Would your parents notice?” was Sevana’s last question, and Salley shook her head for a second time.
 
  “Good,” Sevana purred, smiling, and leaned down. Salley looked entirely caught off guard when the Drow’s lips pressed against hers, and she stiffened as the older woman leaned in. There was considerable leaning between them given the differences in height, but Sevana was skilled at making it work, and used all of her talents as she locked lips with the younger girl. Within moments Salley was melting into the kiss, eagerly following along with the skilled Drow’s actions - a feeling that Kris knew all to well.
 
  Sevana pulled back briefly to admire Salley’s expression, and the girl had flushed cheeks and dilated pupils. Kris watched as she stared up at Sevana, and then almost belatedly looked over to Kris and back again, appearing almost sheepish. 
 
  “Is it… okay?” She voiced, gnawing on her lip. “W-when you two are, uhm…”
 
  “Oh, it’s perfectly fine, dear,” Sevana said, grinning. She, too, glanced at Kris, and her smile turned mischievous. “In fact, Kris is just going to watch for a bit.”
 
  Sevana nodded at Kris discreetly, eyebrows quirked, and she got the message almost instantly: she was being relegated to watching and sitting back, doing nothing, just as Sevana had been earlier in the way when she was fucking Yvette. And so, she was left watching as Sevana guided Salley back, hands on her shoulders and eyes locked down, a grin on her lips as step after step bore her backward, moving her gently. 
 
  “Ever been with a woman before?” She asked teasingly, and Salley only shook her head. 
 
  “No,” the Dwarf voiced, and then added, “no one.”
 
  “Don’t worry, dear,” Sevana purred, “I’ll teach you everything you need to know.”
 
  She locked lips with the younger Dwarf, leaning down over her possessively. Her neck craned as their lips pressed down together, and Kris could only watch as the Drow made out with her using all the skill at her disposal. Liquid sounds echoed out as Sevana’s tongue plunged into the girl’s mouth, a grin on her lips as she began to show her all the skills of tongue-on-tongue kissing, while still gently pushing her backward toward the bed. It was a truly attractive sight to Kris, watching two girls make out like so; enough to send blood rushing down, despite her embarrassment.
 
  Sevana’s hands trailed down Salley’s body, beginning to pull at the simple shift she wore with firm and skilled motions that showed just how much experience Sevana really had. It was like stripping her down wasn’t a difficulty in the slightest as she tugged at straps and sashes, tugging them loose in seconds and freeing up the dress until it was billowing around the Dwarf’s frame. Sevana’s hands moved back up to grab Salley’s arms and lifted them up, and from there she pulled her white dress up, too, stripping it off with a single smooth motion and tossing it aside.
 
  The kiss was broken for brief instants before it started up again, with Sevana ensuring she had total control over Salley’s mouth. Steps continued to bear them backward as hands started to tug at the cloth wrapping covering Salley’s chest, tugging it loose with deft rotations of her hand - round and round it went, slipping it off like she was unwrapping a present, bearing more and more of her plump breasts to the air. They were larger than Kris’s own and just a touch smaller than Sevana’s, and as they were freed to the open air, the Drow’s hands locked on to the fleshy mounds with eagerness, holding tight.
 
  They were rather large in comparison to her modest five-foot frame, and Sevana immediately latched onto them once the cloth was dropped aside. She squeezed them as they made out, her fingers pushing into the soft skin and kneading it gently. Her movements were firm, squeezing at her generously-sized chest which hung proudly on her stout body, while her lips continued to press up against her mouth. She kissed her just as firmly, her tongue moving within the dampness of her mouth and shifting her cheeks out, and Kris only watched with mounting arousal. 
 
  Her loincloth was removed last, but tugged aside with the same brisk efficiency as the rest of her clothing, and soon added to the trail of cotton leading toward the bed. The moment Salley’s ass hit the edge of it she was coaxed atop it by Sevana’s eager hands, and the girl hesitantly complied, still struck by the intensity and skill of Sevana. She was pushed up onto the bed and set on her back, shuffling backward as the Drow followed up after her. 
 
  Sevana moved relentlessly, her hunger clear in every movement and motion. As Salley moved backward her head dove down between the younger girl’s legs, hands separating her thighs to bare her slick, flushed folds to the Drow. From there, it was all Sevana’s game to do as she pleased, and she did so more than happily. Kris only watched as the silver-haired Elf went down on the Dwarf, her ability to see what was going on partially obstructed by the angle and the fact that she wasn’t close at hand to the action, but she was certainly seeing enough to leave her stiff. 
 
  Sevana planted kisses along Salley’s inner thigh, moving around her core rather than directly against it in distinctly teasing ways, as Kris had learned before. She moved around with soft kisses, trailing up and down, teasing the soft folds of her core before diving in fully. It already made Salley squirm, inexperienced as she was, and when Sevana’s lips finally closed the distance and made full contact, she was sent quivering and moaning in her cute voice.
 
  “Ah!” she gasped, already sounding faint due to her lack of experience and Sevana’s talent, causing a distinct gap between them that left her helpless. “That’s - Ah!”
 
  Wet lips touched down against Salley’s pussy, and the girl’s hips visibly quivered at the touch. Sevana’s head dipped in toward her, pressing between her thighs, cheeks rubbing as she began to lay into Salley’s slit with her dexterous tongue. Kris watched as she pressed against her with her tongue, rising up and down with soft flicks and elegant sweeps, tracing the outline before digging in deeper, making Salley mewl against her. She pressed in firmly, her nose brushing up against the girl’s puffy mound, driving in as she began to eat her out with deft movements.
 
  Salley’s hands grabbed at the bedsheets she’d been attempting to fix just earlier as her inexperienced body writhed against Sevana’s skilled tongue, her hips jerking and moving up and down with rough movements and little whines. Soft lips pressed up against her core, plucking and nibbling at sticky folds, and the little wet noises rang out through the comparative quiet of the room. Kris watched with wide eyes as the two went at it, watching the curves of Salley’s compact, Dwarven body jerk on the bed, her legs wide around Sevana’s head of silver hair, and listened to the sound of her licking tongue.
 
  The touch of her lips was enough to make Salley already bounce and writhe, but her whines got louder and harder when Sevana applied more pressure, acting firmly, and if Kris knew anything, she was probably applying the use of her teeth. The alternating between hardness and slimy smoothness was a delicious contrast that Salley couldn’t handle, and it was heightened as Sevana’s tongue swirled through her fleshy hood and caressed her clit, teasingly flicking it in ways that made fingers tighten in the bedsheets.
 
  “G-goodness,” the blonde sighed, biting her lip.
 
  Sevana was truly skilled with her mouth, even for someone that was also a dick-sucking pro. It moved in mesmerizing patterns that left the inexperienced dwarf breathless in seconds, though that very lack of experience was probably doing all the work in that regard - Sevana wasn’t easing her into it, and what with how Sevana was with Kris, she was sure that Salley’s mind was already blown. Maybe that was Sevana’s entire purpose: to bring the girl to a quick and impossible orgasm, and make her mind all gooey and molten from her skill. 
 
  Either way, it was a pleasure to watch as Sevana went to work with her mouth, licking and sweeping up and down with broad licks, swirling through swollen lips and around the dripping length of the Dwarf’s slit. Down she went, teasing her clit while lips plucked and pulled at her sensitive petals, stimulating her in ways that Salley couldn’t have known about. It was all exposed to her in those few moments, and it was more than enough to leave her increasingly ragged, her hips pumping up and down against the Drow’s face as whines left her mouth in ever-increasing frequencies.
 
  Sevana was in so close that her nose was brushing up against Salley, adding another avenue of hardness to stimulate her. She was so close that it was like she was certainly eating her, her mouth moving up and down and her cheeks working hard as she slurped and suckled away, leaving Salley a whining mess on the bedsheets. Her hands had left her thighs some time ago and crept up her torso, latching on to her breasts that weren’t all that high above thanks to her short nature, and grasped tightly. She massaged them in her hands as she licked and sucked at her wet pussy, pulling and kneading at the soft skin without pause, thumbs pushing into nipples and drawing out gasps.
 
  “O-oh!” the Dwarf cried. “M-my!”
 
  Salley’s eyes squeezed shut multiple times as Kris watched it go on, and on, and on, admiring as the two girls went at it. If Kris had been doing it, Sevana would have already been tugging at her hair and urging her on, but Salley had no concept of that; had no concept of anything, really, and she was entirely helpless as the Drow taught her lick by lick, worming into her gooey core with a firmness that was probably unparalleled in the entire tavern. In she went, teasing out new and foreign noises from Salley as she worked, building up a heat in her belly that only one thing could quench.
 
  That one thing came soon - very soon, but it made sense with how little the girl knew and how new it all really was. Her hips jerked as her voice rose up in a plaintive whine, and soon everything came crashing down as her body rocked in orgasm, sweeping through her in a visible wave of electric pleasure that locked her limbs and made her face tight and intense. Kris watched it from within the tub, feeling her own body get dangerously hot as it went on, her eyes wide. Her orgasm was loud and vocal, enough to send excitement thrumming through the slender futa, and as she watched the girl go through it from the high peaks to the crashing low, her hands curled around the rim of the tub in a white-knuckled grip.
 
  The resulting orgasm left Salley dazed and dizzy, visibly shaken out of her mind by the vigorous nature of the Drow and her sheer skill, and was positively quivering on the bed. That did not stop Sevana in the least, and her mouth began to kiss a path up Salley’s body, rising along the flat plane of her belly and between the luscious mounds of her generously-sized breasts, only stopping to kiss at their rounded flanks before moving up. She went past slim collarbones and a stout neck, sweeping along a jawline before once more capturing the girl’s lips with her own; the blonde being too clearly dazed to properly reply to it, but that hardly mattered to the Drow.
 
  “Do you taste yourself on my lips?” She purred lustfully, and the girl nodded roughly. “Mhm - good.” She pulled back just a bit, and winked down at Salley. “Now, be a good girl and return the favour, hm?”
 
  Salley looked confused for several heartbeats, and she watched just as Kris did as Sevana flipped herself over and rotated onto her back, spreading her legs and propping her upper body skyward proudly. The dwarf girl could only barely understand at first, still lost in her daze, but when Sevana’s hands reached out to grab at her and tug her in, she began to hurriedly comply as if she were in a losing race. Her head was tugged down to the Drow’s large chest, her lips guided down to a turgid nipple that she latched onto like a babe suckling at her mother’s tit. 
 
  Her hand kept Salley secured there, and her smooth, pink lips surrounded the nipple as she tugged. Her cheeks moved hard as she sucked, slurping on the hard nipple as if desperate to please, her cheeks almost going concave from how hard she was sucking. Sevana’s hand kept her down, urging her further in, and her mouth was soon pushing into the plump mass of ashy-grey skin and forcing it down around her, her slurps getting louder and more intense. She had no idea how to suck one’s tit, that was for sure, but her eagerness was quickly winning out, and Kris watched it with approval.
 
  Soon enough she was given the leeway to move, partially coaxed on by Sevana’s hand, and she was brushed aside and sent forward, kissing over the swollen slopes of her breasts and trailing along the heavy flanks. She didn’t know how to treat a pair of breasts like Sevana’s, but instinct was more than enough for her to pepper them with kisses and licks, her tongue running over them in full and leaving wet marks on the hued skin. She moved across them without rhyme or reason, moving mostly to some inner beat and the guiding hand of the Drow, who was soon sighing at the touch of the young girl’s hot and eager mouth.
 
  “That’s it,” she cooed, and pushed on Salley’s head. “Now, let’s see what else that mouth can do…”
 
  She was pushed down Sevana's body in a mirror of how she had kissed her way up earlier, and the Dwarf kissed a path down the flat expanse of her tummy, over her navel and pelvis, and down to her pussy. She was far wetter than the Dwarf was, her lustful mind already filling her with ideas and things to do, and so when Salley's face was pressed against it she was treated to all that womanly arousal gushing down on her lips and chin - arousal she was then forced to slurp up as Sevana pressed her in firmly with a hand buried in her blonde hair.
 
  "There we go," the Drow purred. "Now, put those lips and that tongue to good use, Salley."
 
  Salley couldn't have known what to do, just as Kris hadn't - she still barely did, really, but Sevana was there to guide her with the same relentless force that she had shown to Kris on her first time, a hand buried in blonde locks and her pelvis already starting to move up and down with gentle movements. She was grinning as she stared down at the dwarf, watching her face as it was surrounded by slim thighs and toned legs, just a puff of blonde that was already setting to work on her dripping snatch.
 
  "Your tongue, Salley," Sevana urged gently, "Just lick at it, up and down - yes, like that, that's nice - and really get into it - "
 
  Kris couldn't go much on vision and more on the sounds of their voices, the sounds of the slurping and licking, and the instructions that Sevana gave her. She watched as Salley's head moved up and down as if mirroring the actions of her tongue, perhaps out of some delusion that it would add some friction or something to the tongue-lapping. Lewd licking noises slipped out as she laid into Sevana's wet pussy, and the gentle slurping of juices could be heard as a perpetual undercurrent to all of the acts that occurred.
 
  "Just like that," Sevana sighed, a smirk on her fine, narrow lips. "get in there -
  
     Mhm
  
   - That there - my clit - tease that -"
 
  Salley was clearly following along with Sevana's instructions, her head guided by the grey hand wrapping itself in her golden hair and twisting so that it had a secure grip. Her head was under Sevana's power and guidance, and she wasn't shy to abuse that to get the girl into the spots and positions she wanted, pushing her along without qualm. Sevana wasn't one for patience, not even in situations like this, and nothing held her back as she took control of the dwarf. her lips whispered more commands and suggestions are her svelte hips moved up and down, sliding her slick snatch along the Dwarf's face and smearing it in liquids that she struggled to cope with.
 
  "
  
    Mmm
  
  ," she hummed. "Work that tongue - make letters, patterns, whatever - keep going - "
 
  Salley audibly slurped at her snatch, presumably working her tongue hard and fast, her cheeks moving and jaw rising and falling as she ate Sevana out. She didn't do it with skill, but she followed along with everything she was being told. She was more or less caught along for the ride as Sevana did as she pleased, and was just trying to hold out and please the Drow - something that Kris was very familiar with by this point. 
 
  Sevana's hips rose and fell as the Drow swore, her own arousal clearly getting the better of her. She was soon fucking her snatch against Salley's face, rubbing her snatch along her lips and her nose, her stomach flexing as she worked herself into a rhythm against the Dwarf. Her hand grabbed at her own fleshy breasts, squeezing down as her eyes narrowed and Elf ears twitched. Her lips were curved upward in pleasure, her thumb tweaking at a nipple as her hips rose and fell with hard bucks, driving her dripping pussy up against Salley's desperately working mouth.
 
  And, in a parody of Kris's own first time with Sevana, the Drow ended up doing all the work herself, working herself up as she caught herself up in the throes of bliss. She was practically fucking herself onto the Drow's face, and it all came crashing down minutes later as her hand tugged her face in harder and firmer to the crook of her thighs, until she was left groaning and moaning. Her body rocked and rolled, her breasts quivering and limbs fluttering, her legs going tight as pleasure rolled through her in a wave. More wetness poured out from her pussy as she hit her stride, her jaw tight and tense.
 
  "Fuck!" She swore, body roiling, and Kris almost felt bad for Salley to try and cope with it all - but only almost, because the sight was so painfully arousing that her cock had already broken through the water like an obelisk of white. 
 
  There was a moment of silence where Sevana huffed and sniffed, rolling her neck and running a hand through both her own hair and Salley's. Salley, for her part, looked dazed and confused, her chin a messy canvas of liquids and juices, but the moment was all too quickly broken at Sevana looked over to Kris and - very deliberately - locked eyes with her. All she did was reach out and crook a finger at Kris, but that was more than enough for her. She dashed out of the bath in a rush of water, not even bothering to dry herself off as hse rushed over to the bed - only to be halted by Sevana's outstretched palm.
 
  "Just a moment," the Drow purred, while the Dwarf turned to face her - and immediately gaped, eyes wide and mouth parted. She was almost face-to-fact with Kri's very large and very hard cock, and it clearly stunned her. 
 
  In fact, she was almost fearful as she twisted toward Sevana, her mouth struggling to form words. "I-It's so big!"
 
  Sevana just laughed, her arms tossing out and grabbing at Salley. What happened next was a rush of motion too quick to properly follow, but Sevana tugged the girl atop of her, setting their curves together, and then she swiveled around so that her back was facing Kris and Salley was sitting on her lap. From there she fell backward, landing on her back and with her neck hanging off the edge of the bed, and Salley twisting atop her. 
 
  "I'm going to show you how to suck cock," Sevana told her, and then beckoned to Kris. 
 
  She stepped forward, her cock bouncing in between the faces of the two females, her pulse shivering and her dick thrumming with excitement at the prospect of two girls going at her. She was rewarded for her patience as Sevana leaned up and ran her tongue over the underside of her vascular shaft, dragging it from the throbbing midsection toward the tip in a long, thorough lick, and she groaned at the touch. The tongue slid over her wet cock like a skater on ice, and it was positively delightful.
 
  "Now, Salley," Sevana said, "kiss the head of her cock, and then do what I did: lick."
 
  Salley looked at the throbbing and monstrous shaft with trepidation, but she did as instructed, pressing her smaller, yet full lips against the head. She kissed it as she did Sevana's lips, pressing against it in full and surrounding it in a nice carpet of softness before pulling back. She glanced at Sevana before turning back and letting her tongue loll free of her mouth; from there, she ran the tip over the bulbous cock-head, making Kris sigh at the contact. Salley repeated the motion, using a bit more of her tongue to flick away, and then did so again, covering a broader swathe of the head. 
 
  "Like that?" Salley questioned, glancing at Sevana, and the Drow chuckled. 
 
  "Get into it, dear," she told her firmly. "Don't be shy."
 
  Salley's face bunched up as she tried to follow along, leaning in and going for the section that Sevana had just run her tongue over. She extended it outward to the full limit before dragging it against the underside of her shaft, drawing the broad flat of her tongue up and along the many girthy inches, her face squeezing tighter the further she went. Her nose twitched as she lapped up the watery taste of cock, but she didn't shy away from it, as Sevana told her. 
 
  "Go for it," Sevana urged, looking up at Salley intently. "Lick that big dick, girl. Run that tongue all over it, from top to bottom."
 
  Salley did so, as best as she could. Her tongue extended out to its full length as she lapped at the cock, trying to put a little more into it whenever she tried. Sometimes she only managed little licks that were tentative and wary at best, and Sevana would click her tongue and tell her to get into it more, to really use her tongue - and she did, though in fits and starts. She ran the flat of her tongue against the underside - the portion that seemed to be easiest for her - and dragged it all the way up, enough to make Kris sigh. She licked at the same portion of dickmeat several times before moving on and repeating the action, her inexperience clear but gratifying all the same.
 
  Kris was, after all, extremely sensitive, and just having a tongue on her dick was enough for her. She groaned as Salley settled in, licking away all too daintily, not quite getting into it but feeling out the rhythms of licking a cock. Her tongue flicked along, teasing her glans unintentionally and tickling the sensitive inches of her hardness, and Kris bit her lip as her dick throbbed. Sevana continued to whisper little things, urging Salley to move her head and tilt this way and that, treating more and more of her dick to the tongue-lashing.
 
  "Use your lips, too," Sevana drawled, running fingers through Salley's blonde locks. "Kiss it, surround it - Kris likes things like that."
 
  Kris just bit her lip as Salley puckered out her lips and gave it a gentle kiss, and then resumed licking, running her tongue over the fat girth with broad swipes. When she kissed again she did so daintily, pressing her lips against it in a way that made them push out, and then looked back at Sevana questioningly. 
 
  “Get into it,” was the Drow’s response to her look. “This is no dainty thing. Put some pressure into it; lavish it…”
 
  Salley pressed in firmly - or tried to - her mouth parting in more open kisses as she licked at the dick. She struggled quite clearly, but she put ample effort into going along with what Sevana told her to do, really kissing at the shaft before running her tongue over those sections. She swept in, pressing her mouth against the engorged inches of cockmeat against her mouth, her tongue pushing out to lap at the girth from top-to-bottom. She sucked at it without much skill, but going at harder and harder as Sevana coaxed her on, really pressing her lips down and running her tongue over it in full.
 
  It was an odd treatment, but it made Kris sigh with satisfaction all the same. The random lines being licked across her dick and the soft touch of fluttering lips and a warm mouth behind them was more than enough for her to find pleasure, and her spine tingled. She watched the Dwarf’s cute face against her shaft, watching as she kissed and licked so timidly but so eagerly, and saw the look in Sevana’s eyes just below.
 
  “Alright.” Sevana stroked at her hair, smiling. “Now lick right back up to the tip - like that, yes - and open those lips and take into your mouth.”
 
  “I-In?” Salley stuttered, the cock-tip pressed against her lip, and Sevana smiled, nodding. The Dwarf visibly gulped as she started to comply, parting her pretty pink lips and looking as if she was psyching herself up before actually attempting such a thing. It was an almost comical sight, but as her mouth parted and her hot breath washed over Kris’s dick, it just made her sigh and groan. 
 
  Soon - and with no small helping from Sevana, who had her hand on Salley’s head - she was pushing down on the cock, her lips going wider and wider around the head. She squinted as it entered her mouth and pressed against her soft tongue, and her nose twitched as it slid deeper still. She appeared to have misjudged just how wide she’d have to stretch her mouth, as her jaw stretched out further and further as more slipped into her. The damp heat of her mouth greeted the approaching cock, and soon she was bathed in sticky wetness that dripped down over her.
 
  She pushed herself down on the throbbing pillar inch by inch, clearly strained just from the first little bit alone and struggling to handle it - but she did, all the same. She went down, her lips wid and jaw stretched, descending on the first few inches of the turgid pole and wrapping it up in a snug embrace of soft skin and warm liquids. Salley was almost gagging at the cock, the feel of something so dense and thick utterly foreign to her, but she looked as if she didn’t want to displease either of them, and took it regardless. She was helped along by Sevana’s hand, which remained firm in her hair and pressed her downward, ensuring that she was always moving, always gobbling up Kris’s cock.
 
  “That’s it,” Sevana purred, leaning up. “Just like that - take it in your mouth, use your tongue.”
 
  At those words Salley’s tongue began to curl and flex within the damp cavern, working at her pole with inexpert flicks and licks, but the simple movements made Kris groan happily. Her cock pulsed inside the warm sheath of her mouth, her loins aching with need, while her eyes just watched as Salley went down on her. The Dwarf had a limit, though, and was ill-equipped to handle so much dick, and soon paused in her descent when it became too much. Her cheeks bulged with the weight of the cock as her tongue struggled to work at it, curling and rolling and flexing inside her damp cavern.
 
  “Just bob your head, now.” The Drow’s voice was low and throaty. “Go back and forth, suck that cock - 
  
    Mhm, 
  
  good girl -”
 
  Salley’s head moved back clumsily, letting the cock slide out of her mouth by the inch. Spittle freely left her mouth in large, sloppy quantities, with the Dwarf being unable to handle the sudden build-up of liquid. Her cock slid along the velvety carpet of her tongue as it was pulled back, and her blonde hair bobbed around her head as she moved quickly and speedily. Sevana brushed that hair back almost tenderly, tucking it behind her ears, but her hand was just as quickly grabbing at her skull and forcing her back down before she could rise too high.
 
  Down she went for a second time, gobbling up the many inches that had just vacated her mouth, all at the Drow’s behest. The tongue tickled her shaft and warm cheeks pressed up against her as they were filled out around her girth, making her groan and squirm. The hot mouth went down, surrounding a good third of her dick, before once again bobbing backward at Sevana’s behest - clearly, she was trying to get Salley into the motions. She proved to be a quick learner, as, after only a few repetitions on the Drow’s part, she was soon bobbing her head of her own volition and speed, much to their approval.
 
  Her head bobbed and blonde hairs waved forward, and wet noises rang out from her mouth as she impaled herself on the fat shaft before her over and over again. She followed along with what Sevana showed her, committing her tongue to the action in thick licks and slurps, her mouth gurgling around the girlcock as it sank in deep. The deeper it went the tighter Salley’s face became and the louder she gurgled around it, saliva bubbling up in the bottom of her mouth and tickling the vascular shaft.
 
  The slab of dickmeat slid in and out of her lips in a slick bob, the efficiency of it guided along by Sevana and her cooing words. Salley was still too inexperienced for anything spectacular, but Kris was so sensitive it hardly mattered, and as far as a first-time went, she did a damn good job. It was sloppy, what with her inability to handle it all, and saliva left her lips in thick ropes the more she bobbed down. In and out the cock went, pushing into the damp heat and wetness of her mouth, leaving the black-haired girl groaning; it was nice, having a mouth wrapped around her, and the sight was terribly compelling.
 
  Very deliberately not to be outdone, Sevana soon committed to the actions as well, adding her own mouth to the mix with a lewd smirk. She pushed forward and leaned in, her lips puckered and ready, and Kris could only gasp loudly as she felt her lips press against her swollen ballsack hanging down around her girthy base. It was new for her, and the touch was enough to send thrills through her cock, making it spasm inside of Salley’s mouth - to her audible sputters and gurgles.
 
  Sevana moved without a care, kissing at one of her balls in the same manner that she kissed her cock, moving around to plant the sloppy kisses all over the bulging mass. She wasn’t shy in the least, and she worked across the thick surfaces with eagerness, planting down more kisses that left them dripping with saliva - almost a match for the bubbling wetness leaving Salley’s mouth. She went from one to the other evenly, peppering both with hot kisses and treating them to the full attention of her mouth, leaving Kris groaning weakly.
 
  Her tongue moved out, running over the swollen orbs in full-bodied licks that left saliva dripping down in its wake. Her tongue was soft and smooth, and as it rubbed up against her sensitive balls, it made her hips buck and a groan leave her lips - and the buck of her hips caused her cock to push firmly into Salley’s mouth, much to her surprise. The blonde Dwarf took it with far less finesse than Sevana, but both continued to work at her cock diligently, servicing her like some queen, and left her floundered time and time again.
 
  As Salley continued to slurp at the rod of cockmeat, Sevana began to tug one of her balls into her mouth. She latched onto it firmly, pulling it between her velvety lips and sucking hard, as if it were a nipple; it left Kris sighing with utter bliss, her cock pulsating rapidly. Her eyes were wide at the strange touch, and as it went on, her eyes got wider and wider, fingers curling into her palms. Sevana sucked on it like a toy, her cheeks bulging out comically, and she felt the saliva swirl around the fat orb as she swished it back and forth.
 
  She moved from one to the other, making her groan more and more as it went on. Saliva was already pattering down from one of her balls and to the floor in a sticky rush, and soon the second was just as thoroughly lathered and wet as the first - too much for her to handle. Salley was still slurping away up top, too, ensuring that her cock was stimulated from all angles, and it was too much for Kris to bear. It was too good, too intense, too different, and she was far too sensitive after the day’s events to have anything close to stamina.
 
  Sevana seemed to realize that; she could almost certainly feel the tightening of her balls and see the engorging of her shaft, and took matters into her own hands before she came. She popped off her balls with an obscene slurp and tugged Salley aside with her hair, and then rose up to surround the head of the dick with her own far more skilled mouth. She effortlessly teased her to orgasm with her tongue in just a few moments, and soon Kris was spurting her load into her mouth - it was simply too much for her to handle, and her balls were thrumming with sheer need.
 
  Cum poured into the Drow’s mouth, slathering her tongue and filling out her cheeks with each gushing river that left her tip. It surged through in frothy layers of white, coating the pink insides in thick layers by the bucketful; more than she should have been able to give, when she considered how many times she’d cum already. If Kris was honest, her balls felt sore and aching from just how long she’d already gone so far, but still she felt as if she needed more, and she had enough to give - and Sevana slurped on it all, her mouth forming a waiting pool for her to ejaculate into, until her mouth was swimming with the hot seed and her cheeks bulged out under the weight of the liquid.
 
  “O-oh, G-gods,” Kris groaned, watching as Sevana took every last drop of her load between her lips - and held it there. She didn’t swallow, only letting it pool thickly inside her mouth, cheeks wide and lips tight. She kept it all contained, and Kris watched with wide eyes as Sevana grabbed Salley’s face and pulled it down toward her. Their lips met with a passionate kiss, and Kris was left gaping as Sevana’s lips parted against Salley’s and she began to push the voluminous load into the Dwarf’s mouth.
 
  The Dwarf looked as surprised as she, but there was no sign of protest as tongues plunged into one another’s mouths and cum was shifted between them in a lewd swapping. Cheeks pushed against one another and rotated, cum shifting between them in gulps, and necks rippled as they swallowed down the load they were sharing. It was an almost obscene sight, but it made Kris’s cock tingle and stiffen all the same - after all, with a Drow and a Dwarf sharing her cum in a kiss, how couldn’t she be aroused?
 
  Sevana pulled back with a wet slurp and ran her tongue over her lips, collecting the stray strands that decorated them, while Salley looked dazed. Soon hands grabbed at Salley’s chin and, as the Drow sat up with Salley still on top of her, she whispered, “I want to see Kris make you cum, darling.”
 
  Salley looked between them nervously, but she gulped and nodded her wordless assent despite her nerves. Sevana smiled as she quickly bore Salley down to the bed, once again changing their positions as she set herself down on top of her. The Drow was settled nicely on top of the Dwarf, her longer and slender body wrapped around the girl’s stout frame, and her legs somehow - with more flexibility than anyone should have - hooked around Salley’s legs and helped to push them open. Her thighs spread, leaving her wet core open, with her petals flushed and ready; all of for Kris’s enjoyment.
 
  Kris didn’t wait, and practically jumped against the bed, setting her huge cock against Salley’s lower entrance without a qualm. The girl gasped underneath Sevana, but the Drow soon had her lips captured in another passionate kiss, leaving Kris to go about her lewd work - and so she did, eagerly pressing her hard cock down against the girl’s sodden entrance. Her dickhead rubbed through soft and swollen folds, dragging up and down as she sought purchase in her entrance, and Salley’s thighs quivered in response. 
 
  Once she found the right angle, Kris began to push inside, finding her cocktip piercing through the sodden outer lips and into the pink tunnel beyond. That bit was easy, and with her hand settled around the base of her prick to guide her, she was able to prod and find enough purchase that a smooth roll of her hips could make use of. Salley, though, was 
  
    tight, 
  
  and at first she had trouble just pressing against her entrance and sinking her cock inside. It was like a struggle to fit the first inch, and she felt the soft skin bend and dip around her, refusing to give way. It was with a groan of effort that the first inch popped inside, slowly sliding in with difficulty.
 
  “D-damn,” Kris stuttered, eyes squeezing shut. “That’s - that’s tight.”
 
  It proved to be a slow crawl to even get inside, and slower still for her to fit through the tight tunnel. Each inch felt like a challenge, and Kris’s eyes squinted as she struggled to push herself inside. Salley was too tight, unused to anything of that size, and her body recoiled against the approach of her oversized dick. The girl herself made moans into Sevana’s mouth, struggling to cope with even just the few inches pushed into her - and it was only the first of much to come, as more and more was pressed into her tight snatch. 
 
  It was too tight, and Kris could feel every textured inch pressing against her shaft as she sank inside. It was almost too much to handle, all tight and warm and vice-like in all the ways that made advancing difficult - but she wasn’t about to stop then, and she kept on going, kept on sliding in. The juices, saliva, and water decorating her shaft did not seem to aid her in the least, and the penetration was extremely slow going as she parted pink walls in a desperate effort to make it deeper inside. 
 
  She eased her way inside inch by inch, grunting and groaning the further and longer she went, her hips marching forward to sink more of her length inside. She felt her insides bend and dip around her, palpably stretching out to fit the weight of her thrusting dickmeat, and heard the accompanying whimpers. The girl’s lips quivered as her breath rose in sighs, all of it exhaled into Sevana’s kissing mouth. She struggled to fit herself into the too-tight tunnel, and a grimace rose to her lips and her eyes squinted as the struggle became telling.
 
  “Do you feel her? Feel you stretching you out?” Sevana purred, and the girl nodded, gasping. “Good - and that’s not all of her.”
 
  True enough, more and more hard dickmeat sank into her pussy, filling her out inch by throbbing inch. She gasped and groaned as she pushed herself in firmly, feeling the pussy bend and shift around her, the vice-tight walls rubbing against her in pleasurable ways. She delved in, the bulk of her girth stretching out walls around her and her bulbous dickhead prodding them aside by dint of size; she drove down, burying more of her cock into the sodden snatch, and Salley moaned and yelped. Kris swore more than once in her struggles, and felt her stomach tingle multiple times as the tightness and warmth got the better of her and sent her cock into trembles of delight.
 
  Soon, Kris was bottoming out inside of Salley’s cunt - not because she fit all of herself inside, no; there were a good few inches hanging out, still. Rather, Salley’s Dwarven body was short and curt, and her inner tunnel shooter than Kris’s cock was long. It did, however, allow her to very easily drive her throbbing dickhead right against the girl’s cervix, bringing a loud cry to her lips and a sudden writhing to her body. It made Kris grin, in a self-satisfied sort of way, and as she shifted her hips and sent her cock wiggling, she felt all of her insides shift lewdly around her.
 
  “That’s it,” Sevana purred, “stretch our little dear out nicely, Kristana.”
 
  Drawing out her huge cock proved as tasking as fitting it inside, all told, as the vice-like tightness refused to give way. She was sighing as she dragged her hefty cock deep out of her textured cunt, inch by inch pulling at the soft, spongy flesh, which gripped onto her far too tightly for her to easily cope with. Kris didn’t even have enough to power to simply drag it free with brute force alone, and so had to rotate and swivel her hips, her stomach flexing, as she dragged it free inch by labour inch, to the sounds of sloppy squelching and runny juices.
 
  “She’s so tight,” Kris gasped, her face strained. 
 
  “Hear that?” Sevana chuckled toward Salley. “You’re making Kris feel oh-so-good.”
 
  She pressed her lips down in another kiss as Kris struggled to pull her girth free of the clamping embrace, fighting against snug and plush folds that hugged her too tightly. Her bulbous cockhead shoved aside pink walls as her hips moved, the vascular length slowly coming free with a grunt of exertion. In the end, Kris didn’t even free herself entirely, though she dragged many inches of hard cock outside with a wet slurp - The desire to fuck was running hot, and in the end, it proved easier to just give in.
 
  Kris went down, sinking her fat cock in at the same speed that it had just pulled out, leaving a good portion of her hefty size within her cunt. Her insides bent around the shifting cock, wrapping tight and clinging to her length, and Kris sighed in greater and greater frequencies as all that firm muscle played across her titanic slab. Her pace wasn’t at all quick, and it was more languorous and rolling than anything, more sliding her girldick into her pussy at a speed that was easier to manage than any proper thrusting.
 
  It did the work, however. It stretched her out little by little, pushing pink walls aside as she slowly came to a stop against her cervix like a wagon rolling to a stop, hitting the fleshy barrier with a muffled thump. Salley mewled and shifted against her, hips rising and cunt squelching, and Kris groaned throatily at the sensation of those inner walls moving and bending so lewdly. Her hands were soon grasping the girl’s thighs as she shifted backward again, working the cunt looser around her as she pulled herself back at the same steady, rolling pace.
 
  “Isn’t that nice?” Sevana purred to Salley, making her nod. The Drow’s lips were on her the entire time, kissing at her jawline and at her neck, working her body up just as surely as Kris was - every move calculated and precise, peppering her soft, white skin with the shape of her lips. “Oh, we’ll make you feel 
  
    so 
  
  good…”
 
   The black-haired girl groaned as her hips slide in smoothly, her cock driving in through the tight cunt and once more thudding against her cervix. Each pump and push of her hips made Salley looser, her walls not quite gripping with the same desperate intensity, giving Kristana enough leeway to thrust at her own pace. It made Salley whine all the same, her hips rising and falling as she tried to stave off the sensation of having such a massive shaft plunging into her sopping warmth while her body was effectively neutralized by the Drow. 
 
  In the cock went, hammering through tight folds and driving against pressure-points, leaving Salley a whining, groaning mess. Kris was not master with the use of her cock, but she was big enough that it quite literally didn’t matter, and Salley was tossed over the edge of comprehension as it pumped and drilled into her tight young body at a slow pace that was still too much for her to handle. It was more than overwhelming as Sevana added her lips and hands to the mix, kissing at the crook of her neck while hands groped at her large, plump breasts.
 
  Fingers squeezed into the soft skin as Kris’s cock thrust through her outer folds, plunging down into the wet heat of her cunt over and over. Her pace got faster, more intense, thrusting with downward pushes that sank in comfortably deep. Her oversized shaft of cockmeat pushed down steadily, the heft and weight of her shaft stretching her out bit by bit. Her fat cockhead slammed down against the soft entrance of her womb with heavy impacts that left it shaking, and in turn, made Salley quiver and moan out. 
 
  “You’re doing wonderfully, Kris,” the Drow drawled, looking over her shoulder at the younger lover. “Our little partner is so close…”
 
  “Y-yeah,” Kris groaned, “I can feel it - 
  
    Mmm!”
  
 
  Liquids churned and shifted as the cock slammed down at ever-increasing speeds. Salley was looser and looser with each repetition, allowing Kris to put more and more into the hard thrusts and bucks of her hips. The inches of her cock still left outside stopped her hips from connecting with Salley’s, but that didn’t stop Kris from trying - which, in turn, caused her dick to powerfully smash against her cervix, almost as if she was trying to pierce it through. The blonde’s body doubled over from the intensity of it, her voice ringing out in breathless gasps and moans.
 
  Her hips plunged in, her strokes deeper and wider, using more and more of her broad cock to fill out the small Dwarf. Each slamming thrust into her womb made the girl sound increasingly delirious, her moans all breathy and weak and gasping. Kris just grunted as she worked her thick slab of cockmeat as deep as it could go on each thrust, turning herself into a panting mess the harder she went. Her stamina was already strained from the constant sex over the day, but Salley was simply so abominably tight that it was too much for her to handle - enough to leave her tired and weary just from the effort of it all. 
 
  Sevana, for her part, never paused in her ministrations, kissing at sensitive spots and running her tongue over pale flesh while her hands kneaded and bend pliable skin. She worked her like an instrument, winding her up and teasing her on, coaxing the both of them with her lilting words. Kris could have been concerned about how easily Sevana got into it, but she really had no issues with any of it - and the girl on girl action was damned hot, besides. She watched it all with her wide eyes, black strands falling about her face, her hips moving and bucking hard, sinking deep into the plush tunnel before her in an endless beat.
 
  Her thrusts and jabs soon bore fruit as, sure to their words, Salley was brought to the edge of bliss yet again. Of course, she had a massive cock stretching out her insides and a clever Elf sitting astride her torso, and the combination could have thrown anyone for a loop, much less an inexperienced girl. Her body quickly clamped down in another orgasm, and this time, Kris was nearly balls-deep inside of her as it happened. Her cunt contracted painfully hard and went tight around her, making her cry out loud - almost as loud as Salley herself, and she was forced into stillness as the vice-like grip assaulted her cock and the rhythmic milking stroked her from base to tip.
 
  “F-fuck!” Kris swore aloud, biting her lips and squeezing her eyes shut. Salley’s body rolled and rocked, her cries rising up in musical lilts as she was driven over the edge with a thunderous crash, pleasure sweeping through every line and limb. She got tense and tight, her insides rolling and roiling like a sea in the middle of a storm, and Kris was son gasping for dear life as it became too much to bear. Her cock was soon pulsing and throbbing with pure need, too intense to keep hold of, and it quite literally took her all just to stop herself from blowing her load right then and there. “She’s -!”
 
  Sevana was quicker than both of them, and surprisingly quickly flipped off of Salley and settled onto her knees, rising right toward Kris and tossing her arms around her neck as lovers did. With lips just an inch away from her ear she purred, “I want to see you paint her white,” and Kris’s entire body shivered.
 
  She tugged herself free with a monumental effort and, as Salley was still climaxing, her cunt flooding with juices that seeped out onto the bed, her dick exploded in orgasm - thick ropes of white launching from the ruddy tip and lashing out through the open air, arcing high before touching down on the Dwarf’s short, stout body. Her pale skin was soon marred with lines of white cum, which draped over her from pelvis to chest, stitching over the short length of her flat torso and painted the undersides of her plump chest with running layers of baby-batter. More and more came spurting out, pumped free of her balls in thick rivulets, and stained Salley’s body in a way that no one had done so yet.
 
  Kris groaned and grunted, her hips jerking hard as she came. Sevana was ready to help her, and soon there was a hand wrapped around her cock and another on her balls, leaving Kris gasping as those deft and dexterous fingers began to massage and stroke and pump. She clenched her swollen balls as the other pumped at her spasming meat-shaft, drawing out more and more ropes of thick semen from her balls and sent it surging up the broad girth until it was flinging out against Salley. She tossed her head back and sighed as she was essentially milked through her orgasm by the drow, her hips quivering and dick spasming, pleasure overtaking her.
 
  In minutes, Salley’s stomach was painted in white, with the undersides of her breasts slathered with thick cream and her pelvis stained with ropes of jizz. It was far more cum than Kris could have predicted, but she was hardly thinking about that in the heat of the moment - she just enjoyed her release, the feel of Sevana’s hands working at her body, and the cute, blonde Dwarf writhing on the bed. For Kris, it was too much to bear, and soon she was collapsing down on the bed beside Salley, spent and weary - too many loads, too much stimulation, and her body simply couldn't keep up with it all. She was tired beyond measure, and simply wanted to sleep.
 
  Sevana wasn’t quite done yet, and she watched with heavily lidded eyes as the Drow pressed her face down against Salley’s smooth body and began to carefully and quickly lap up the cum matting, moving as if she were a woman starved. Her tongue lashed out and collected rope after rope of semen, swallowing it up and gobbling it down by the mouthful; lines of wetness were drawn through the baby-batter coating, swiping through it and polishing it off her body. Salley whined and moaned, her own eyes closing as she pressed down against the bedding, shifting as Sevana’s wet tongue ran over her stomach and swept up every last bit of cum that she could.
 
  “There we go,” the Drow panted minutes later, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand and then licking the back of her hand for stray cum. “Nice and clean.”
 
  She settled down between the two girls, a wink in her eyes and a smirk on her lips. “Now, let’s get these blankets on and rest up, hm?”
 
  Soon, the three were cuddled up under a thin layer of the covers, and they were all drifting to sleep side-by-side, curves against curves, faces close. 
 
  
    A good day, 
  
  Kris decided, and drifted to sleep. 

  
  
 
  
    Chapter Text
    The iron-shod hooves of their horses clopped and clacked along the old cobblestone road, and it was the only sound that Kristana could hear in this break of the woods. Animals were quiet as the sun went down and dark shadowed the woods, while wind and weather were dim amidst the deep boughs. At one point, Kris thought it all nice and peaceful - just her and a gorgeous Drow woman side-by-side on muscular war horses - since, apparently, the entire land had a tremendous surplus of wartime and war-bred material - with the sounds of nature whistling around them. Except, Kris didn’t  like  peaceful. She wanted adventure, so it left her feeling a little glum, much to Sevana's perpetual amusement. There was also the annoying thing that was  horses are very uncomfortable, and Kris very much did not enjoy riding around on one. She especially did not like the way they bounced around on the hard cobblestone, which had evidently been paved a lifetime ago in some war that Kris had never been taught of. It was shambling and broken down, more so than any man-made edifice should honestly be. The way that the vines and roots were creeping through them and tearing along the once-manicured stonework was odd, in her opinion.   Almost like it’s trying to pull it all away and hide it, she mused more than once.  Kris had no idea where she was going, road or not. Nothing made sense to her, and the map didn’t detail this swathe of forest at all. It was all the same forest as fast as she was concerned, even if this section was, apparently, unmapped. Sevana seemed to know where she was going, though, and the young girl wasn’t about to question a woman with a lifetime of experience over her. She trusted the Drow to see her safe, and mysterious or not, well… The view was beautiful, the trees were pretty, and a hot Elven lady  was a hot Elven lady, so she wasn’t about to lament it.  Besides, this  was what she wanted, and she took joy in that.  Sevana looked around more than once, mapping out the surroundings with her inquisitive eyes and smiling faintly. She pointed out landmarks that she recognized every so often and led them around bends and crossroads with practiced ease, despite the massive oaks that jutted out of the cobblestone road as if it was only an annoyance. She made calm and cool conversation the entire while, matching her massive wit with Kris’s unfortunately inadequate mustering. She learned more from the Drow than she had for years back home, though, and she was enraptured on every word.  It was when the sun was three-fourths of the way down the horizon that Sevana decided to call it a day. “We’ll make camp in the crop over there. It’s as good a spot as any.” “Thank goodness,” Kris replied, leaning into her saddle. “I thought we’d never stop.” Sevana tittered out a laugh. “We need to make good time, darling. Besides…” She stopped, paused, and then smiled prettily. “If I’m right, then I’ve a surprise to show you in the morning.” Kris frowned. “A sur -” “Don’t bother asking,” Sevana hummed, leaning to the side and reaching over to set a slim finger against her lips. She shushed her easily; her long body extending far, and her long arms extending further still. She was an Elf and an Elf  woman, meaning that she had a considerable height advantage over most Humans; Kris more so than others. “I said it’s a surprise.” “Okay,” Kris said, flicking up an eyebrow. “The anticipation is going to make it hard to sleep, though.” Sevana just shrugged. “Then we’ll have to tire you out… oh, somehow, I suppose.” “I suppose,” she agreed, smiling.  They woke up fairly early in the morning, all told. Early enough to catch the sun still rising and for the air to be fairly brisk, but it was a practiced thing for them by now - a week on the road would do that to a person. Things were tucked into, food was prepared, and they broke their fast before setting off on the road again - such that it was, as it appeared to get more and more overgrown the longer they went.  Sevana guided them through the words as best as was possible given the dense undergrowth. They moved rather slowly, navigating it as best as possible, and with much of becoming downhill, there was a risk of horses twisting ankles and hurting themselves. It was some hours later that they broke through the densest portions of the thicket and into the woodland beyond, where, while still downhill, was much more navigable.  The trees gave way to rockier outcroppings that outline a series of rolling hills and a valley dipping down between them. The cobblestone road led up and over the left side, but Sevana avoided it entirely as she directed them down  into the valley - technically still on their route, but, presumably, more difficult to manage. She didn’t question the older woman, however, and the sly look the ashen-skinned Drow sent her was more than enough to silence any words that would have been on her lips.  They went into the valley with a slow trot, deliberately so on Sevana’s part. Kris, very quickly, realized that she couldn’t begrudge that, because the view  was  pretty: the trees seemingly…  fuller, richer, blooming with life. Leaves hung on trees, appearing crisp and fresh, and yet, still, somehow, other leaves blew along as if it was Fall. Vines looped and flowers bloomed across pathways and between bundles of boughs, all of which had the Human whistle in appreciation.  The horses turned into a crook, and then into a dip in the valley - and there Sevana stopped, gesturing forward with a sly smile. “Your surprise, Kristana,” she hummed, rolling out the words. Kris flapped her mouth a few times more than was necessary. “I - uh. Wow.  wow. ” The sight before her was gorgeous, no two ways about it. A waterfall of gorgeous cyan poured down from somewhere high in the ravine and cascaded down into a large lake of almost perfect proportions, which, in turn, swirled into root-like streams. At the base of the waterfall was a massive oak older than the combined history of Kris’s entire home town, and it stretched up taller than any tree she’d ever seen.  Water smashed into the lake just behind it, and it sent white, frothy sprays through the leaves - which, in turn, created a gentle mist. The refraction of light from both the spraying water and the mist around the tree spawned a host of brilliant and colourful streams of light. They formed into rainbows that arced down toward the clear, almost mirror-like surface of the lake; more than Kris had ever seen in any one place, and more, combined, than her entire life.  “...Huh,” she said after several minutes of staring. “I, uh, didn’t know places like this could exist? Which, uh, probably sounds silly, but… I’ve never seen something like this before.” “Most don’t,” Sevana said amicably, reaching out to brush her shoulder. “It is silly, however, but it’s understandable - you Humans don’t get out often, much less one as young as yourself.”  She piqued an eyebrow. “Vote of confidence, there.” “Just an observation,” the Drow hummed. “We’ll take an early end to our day and continue tomorrow. Far too nice a vista to pass it up.” “Oh, absolutely,” she agreed eagerly, nodding rapidly. “We can spare some time here. It’s really beautiful, and I kinda want to explore that oak. It’s  magnificent. ” “You do, do you?” Sevana hummed, a peculiar and almost lewd smile on her lips - but it was gone as fast as it came, and Kris’s attention was too eagerly focused on the tree ahead for her to properly take notice. “Well, I certainly agree. We’ll do that once we put our bags down and set up camp, yes?” Kris nodded her assent, and missed the Drow’s resulting smirk.   Camp was set with the same practiced ease, but there was no rush so early in the evening. They took their time with it, unloading gear and setting everything up into a cozy little camp, setting food on high and giving their horses time to relax and rope enough to roam for a bit. Kris did it all eagerly and happily, enjoying the almost supernaturally beautiful environment.  This was the kind of stuff she’d wanted to adventure and see, and it was filling her with a strange sort of vigour to boot. "That's about it," the teen said, mostly for her own benefit. Sevana nodded from nearby, having taken to running out a net along the lakeside to see if they couldn't catch a fish or two.   "It is, yes," said the Drow, nodding in approval. "We'll make an adventurer of you yet." Kris rubbed at the back of her black hair awkwardly. "Ah… I don't know if making a camp is the, uh, basis for that." "Basics," her partner said dismissively. "Anyhow…" Without any warning, Sevana immediately began to tug at her dress. There was no more to it than that; she abruptly stripped-down, pulling off the cloth to bear unblemished ash-grey skin. Kris, at first, though she was adjusting herself, or simply getting comfortable, but the dress but the ground far too quickly, and the Drow just continued on with her undergarments. She baulked at the blatant stripping, but that didn't stop her cock from twinging at the brazen showing. "Sevana," Kris protested, alternating between staring and appearing concerned.  "You wanted to see the tree, right?" The older woman hummed, walking backward into the river with feline grace. "Only one way to do that, and it has been oh-so-long since we've bathed…" She trailed off. A mischievous smile set itself on her face as she crooked a single finger at her young lover, padding backward all the while. She waded into the water, sending it rippling around smooth, lean calves, and the girl licked her lips. Then, quick and graceful as a Sean, Sevana was turning, skipping around, and diving under the clear surface - disappearing for many moments and only breaking free several meters away.  Watching the woman gracefully swim off to the little island and towering oak, Kris realized she was losing a race she hadn't know she was in. Quickly and roughly she tugged off her clothing, stripping off shirt and garment and throwing it on a bush before grabbing her boots. Hopping with one foot first, then the other, she pulled off all of her clothing in a rush of motion and all but threw herself into the water, diving in after the Drow and following her as fast as she could. It wasn't fast at all, really, not with Sevana's longer body and graceful swimming, and she was left far behind quickly. The Drow was standing still amidst the shallows before Kris pulled herself over clumsily. Wading through the shallows, Kris stopped up beside Sevana. The Drow was staring up at the towering oak, an appreciative look on her face. "It is rather beautiful, hm?" "Yeah," Kris agreed, her eyes pointedly focused on Sevana's naked, glistening body.  Sevana looked at her out of the corner of her lilac eyes. "It sounds like you're only entertaining me." "Yes," Kris repeated, still staring at her body. It was a shameless thing to do, but she didn't care at the moment - not with them both nude and dripping water.  Sevana stepped in and pressed her hand under her chin. "Yes?" "Mhm," she agreed, humming, allowing the Drow to coax her face up. Hers descended smoothly, and as they stood there with water up to Kris's waist, their lips met in a passionate kiss. It was easy to fall into the rhythm of it, and Kris was practiced enough by now to put up a good showing. Lips rolled together and tongues swiped, with the teen focusing her attentions on the Drow's fleshy lower lip - the oh-so-sensitive area she'd come to know and enjoy.  She let Sevana dictate the pace of the kiss for gentle or not, a Drow didn't take kindly to being put on the back foot - that, too, she'd learned. Lips met and caressed with slow rubs, and tongues prodded. They got into it quickly, the kiss deepening, bodies pressing in and arms beginning to circle around one another's bodies - When they heard the sound of someone clearing their throat, they both jumped apart - both startled, only one flustered. Kris spun, and was greeted with the sight of a tall woman standing on the shore of the little island, not too far away from where the shallows broke. She was taller than Sevana by a small margin and far more lithe as well, her body lean and tight with clear athleticism. Her skin was a gentle shade of bronze, and her darker than Kris had ever seen. tucked into a neat, three-tiered braid, it fell down to her waist - where Kris didn't fail to notice the impressively long dagger set against her hip.  Swallowing, Kris looked up. It was an Elf, no two doubts about it, pointed ears and all. Her face had that now-distinctive sharpness to it, but somehow more severe than Sevana's flat edges and harsh rises. She was pretty, granted, Kris could recognize that, but when combined with the athletic body, the dusted leathers for armour, and the mottled cloak that made her appear indistinguishable from against the oak behind her, it was hard to find reassurance in beauty. The bow on her back certainly didn't help, and the hard look in her brown eyes made it fairly clear she was used to using it.  "You're done? Good." The Elf's voice was hard and cutting, breaking through the peacefulness of the clearing. "I'm Lorelei Duskwood, and you're nearing my settlement. What is your business here?" "Sharp and to the point," Sevana replied, a flat smile on her lips. She glanced over at Kris, who was caught between wanting to cover up and hide her modest and put herself in front of Sevena in case the Elf wished her harm. "Wood Elves - always like this." The Wood Elf’s brow tightened. "I'm a ranger, Drow, and you know what that means. Now, what is your business here?" Kris shuffled over to the side, setting herself partially in front of Sevana. She crossed her arms over her chest, partially hiding her nudity and partially covering the woman with her body, in case the Elf decided to fight. Sevana, though, didn't seem to care, and neither tried to cover up nor protect herself, and simply rolled her shoulders back with self-confidence.  "I'm Sevana," the Drow answered calmly, "And this is my lover, Kris. We're travelling to Kriegsburg, but I was aware of this gorgeous lake and wanted to share it with her." She gestured off to the side, smirking. "We were going to make camp, and she was going to make love to me under that tree." She pointed needles at the tree while the Wood Elf's cheeks twitched. "Are we trespassing on your borders, Ranger Duskwood?" Lorelei worked her jaw. "We're not that strict with our borders, but we do keep track of those that stray too close." "And that has nothing to do with starting at the two women that were kissing in the shallows?" Sevana hummed, and Lorelei's lips flapped. "I was watching -" Sevana raised a brow. "Intently?" "-Watching potential trespassers," the Wood Elf hissed, eyes narrowed. "...Drows..." Sevana looked at Kris as if to say 'I told you so', while Kris looked on helplessly as Sevana antagonized the dangerous-looking rangers.  "Lorelei, this is a little island. Unless you've been keeping watch here for some hours, I'd imagine you came here through some hidden means to cut us off... after watching us strip down and swim over." "What I did or did not do is of no bearing to you," Lorelei responded curtly and coolly.  "Well, I'm just asking," Sevana said, shrugging. "Now, since we're not trespassing and you know of our business, might we get back to it?" The Wood Elf blinked at the apparent change in topic. "Pardon?" “Well,” Sevena drawled out, “if we’re not trespassing, that means this area is free. And  I  want  her  to fuck my brains out.” She waved her hand. “But, by all means, Ranger, if you don’t trust us, stand there and watch.” The ranger’s jaw flapped, and Kris stared between them with concern. “U-uh, Sevana -” Sevana smirked like a woman that knew something she didn’t - which, really, she was, and Kris was long past the point of thinking that the Drow did something without a plan. She was entirely pliant, therefore, when her mouth moved down again, once more capturing her lips. It was as if she was instantly resuming the earlier lip-lock, and she did so without a care for the Wood Elf very clearly watching them. The girl wasn’t sure what to make of it - any of it, and when such soft lips were pressing against her own, she really had nothing to say. It was hard to focus on anything other than them kissing, really, and she allowed Sevana to wrap one arm around her waistline to tug her against her once more. She equally allowed her to be led out of the shallows of the water and onto the shore, guided along by Sevana’s padding footsteps, but there was barely a difference between the smoothness of the water and the softness of the grass. The idea that this was Wood Elf territory made a certain amount of sense to her, given just how perfect and idyllic it all was - but the Drow took up most of her brain’s processing power. She was embarrassed, sure, a little shocked at the abruptness of it, but she’d come to expect this sort of thing from the Drow - and each time she tried to glance over at Lorelei she wasn’t given the opportunity, what with the hand on her chin and the other around her waistline. Sevana deepened the kiss easily, her tongue pushing in between her lips, drawing out a whimper from Kristana’s mouth. It had the Human girl push in to match her, her reservations running low, her eagerness for the kiss running hotter with each passing moment. The hand on her chin gradually fled as their tongues danced in the wetness of one another’s mouths, and slipped along the gentle curves of her body. Everywhere it traced sent a thrill rushing through Kris, and a flush filled her the lower it seemed to dance along. She sighed against her mouth as it caressed the flatness of her stomach, moving lower, fingers probing. She wasn’t surprised when she felt fingers touch the flesh of her cock, the slender digits quickly rolling around it and cupping it.  She sighed shakily against her mouth as the hand wrapped around her prick, hoisting it up and gripping firmly. It fit neatly in her slender hand at first, moulding against her fingers, and another flush of heat rushed through Kris. As their tongues met in increasingly wet patterns her hand stroked at her cock, drawing it up against the silky-smooth skin of her palm and sending tingles through it. She propped it up easily, handling it with deft skill, and rolled her wrist as she pumped along; drawing her hand up from base to tip in slow, deliberate movements, allowing it to fill out with blood. It rose out in her hand, with Sevana’s hand rolling proudly along the shaft. Kris groaned against her lips as her dick stiffened to full mast under her careful ministrations, the flesh pulled and made achingly hard with each pump and flex. She drew along the engorging girldick with unsurpassed ease, caressing each meaty inch that filled out. Her hand wrapped tighter, too, as the cock widened and rose to its full length, and she hoisted the considerable slab up proudly. She was even smiling against Kris’s lips as she kissed, acting almost smug about the entire affair.  Kris could feel Lorelei’s stare on them, but as Sevana’s tongue continued to tangle with her own and her hand rolled along her cock, she found it increasingly hard to care. Her face was flushing for more reasons than just the staring and incredulity of it the moment, and the pleasure that came along with having her dick stroked by slim, grey fingers and a silky-smooth palm was delightful. It was better still with Sevana’s chest pressing against hers and the flatness of her stomach rubbing across her own. Her cock, now fully risen, sent the tip grinding into the ashen skin of her abdomen, and that, too, sent thrills through her body.  “Someone’s staring,” Sevana purred against her lips, almost laughing. She didn’t, though, and instead glanced at Lorelei out of the corner of her eye as they continued to kiss and her hand continued to roll along her cock. She stroked at the thick length of her shaft as their tongues locked and pressed and swirled, giving the bronze-skinned Elf an eyeful of lewdness - and she never turned away.  Her cool facade seemed to almost break as she watched it, clearly unsure of if she should be retreating or remaining - caught between maintaining her vigil and giving them privacy. At least, so it appeared to Kristana, but Sevana seemed to have a very different view of it, and pressed on deliberately. The longer she went at it the more flustered Lorelei seemed to become, and her staring became far more noticeable. At one point she licked her lips, eyes staring down, unabashedly watching the cock being stroked by the Drow, and she didn’t even bother to return to her reserved state.  “Enjoying yourself?” Sevana purred, breaking the kiss with a wet noise. She looked off to the side, still stroking Kris’s cock, hand pumping and rolling as she locked eyes with her racial cousin.  “I’m observing,” Lorelei said calmly, but her pupils were dilated and her cheeks flushed with colour.  “Like you have been for some time, now,” the Drow purred, coy and knowing. “It looks to me like you want my dear Kristana’s big, fat cock.” Lorelei licked her lips. “That is a bold insinuation, Drow.” “I know how you Wood Elves are,” she hummed, still stroking. Kris felt as if she should have been concerned by the very obvious way she was being used as bait, but it was certainly hard when she had her gorgeous lover pressed against her, giving her a handjob, while another exotically pretty Elf was staring so unabashedly. “I know you don’t get out much… so why not take a break from your patrols for a while? We’ve got food, a comfy little camp back there, and, of course, some  entertainment …” The Wood Elf released a puff of air and slowly unclipped her cloak, removing it from her lithesome frame and allowing it to pool by her feet in a shimmer. “That sounds amicable.” Sevana chuckled and released Kris far faster than she liked, but she knew that the Drow was reeling in a new partner for their enjoyment. Certainly not something the teen expected, but not something she could argue with. She only watched as the older woman padded forward to the other Elf, hips swinging boldly and a smug grin on her lips.  “But if I let you have her,” she purred, “you’ll have to do something for me, too, you understand?” “Agreeable,” Lorelei agreed without question, her eyes still intently focused on Kris. She didn’t even wait for Sevana’s approving nod before striding forward, one hand deftly working at the lace of her leather. Before she’d even reached Kris she had it on the ground, moving with the same deftness and finesse as the Drow - stripping in mere moments, pulling off her tunic and the wrappings beneath in just a few scant moments.  Her pants were only loose by the time she reached Kris, leaving her partially clothed - but she wasn’t concentrating on that. Lorelei’s upper body was all tight and lean in ways that neither of the other girls were. She had a hint of musculature around her belly, showing the starts of her abs, while the rest of her was all thinly corded muscle and narrow curves. Her chest was small, too, much more so than Kris’s already modest breasts, completing the look of a forest ranger.  Without waiting for permission and with the firmness that Elves were portrayed within story - taking what they wanted, giving nothing in return - she pulled Kris against her and embraced her, immediately moving her head down to capture her lips. Her kiss was hungrier, more forceful, leaving the Human to wonder just how long the woman had been on patrol for to leave her  this  needy - or how Sevana had been able to tell such a thing. It didn’t matter, though, not with a tongue already swiping against her bottom lip,  demanding entry, and Kris unable to fight against it. She was unwilling to fight against it, too, simply because kissing pretty girls was very much in-line with what Kris wanted. Sure, she didn’t  think  about that kind of stuff, but since it apparently just kept falling into her lap  and as she was with travelling with a Drow… well, reservations and inhibitions ran a little lower than she was used to. Plus, having a Wood Elf practically throwing herself at her - or forcing herself on her - was surprisingly pleasant. Ranger Duskwood’s tongue all but forced itself into her mouth, and from there just started  swiping.  She moved as if to taste every available inch in as short a time as possible, running along teeth and cheeks before dragging down to combat her tongue. It was longer than Sevana’s and just as lean as the rest of her body, and it was odd to the girl. It tasted  strange, but Lorelei used it well as she deftly twirled and slipped, caressing her tongue and drifting back with clear skill. Hands roved around her body at the same time. The Wood Elf used the embrace to feel her out and map her curves, drawing along her flanks and over her tight ass, squeezing at random and gasp-inducing points, before slipping back up again and along her backside. Lorelei didn’t make a single sound herself as she kissed and touched, but Kris gasped into her mouth - almost mewling, but not quite. She sighed, too, as Lorelei pressed in against her, matching Sevana’s closeness and pushing bodies against one another. Her cock was sent sliding up against her tight stomach as a result, and having her dickhead grazed over a harder, flatter stomach was oddly pleasant, too. It also attracted the Wood Elf’s attention, and one of her hands immediately moved down to match the Drow’s earlier actions and cup her length. She was visibly eager, and that translated into a grip that bordered on vice-like. It drew a whimper from Kris’s lips as her cock was squeezed by her thin, bronzed hand, grabbing it hard and squeezing tight. The broad girth almost bulged between her fingers, such was the near vice-like tightness of her hand; and, as she pumped and stroked from base to tip, admiring the length of her, the teen’s eyes narrowed with strain.  Dimly, Kris was aware of Sevana moving to lay herself down on the beach by a root, happily running her hands over her body. The teen’s attention, though, was firmly on the Wood Elf who was kissing her so hungrily, her neck craning and her body curving as she forced herself down onto the much shorter girl. Her hand pumped and stroked at her dick, her grip so firm that it brought as much strain as it did pleasure - but it didn’t feel bad by any means.  Kris couldn’t help herself when she started running her hands over Lorelei’s toned torso. It was her first time with so much muscle on a partner, and to date she’d had womanly, she’d had MILF, and she’d had tight teen; now she was getting athleticism, and it was as exciting a difference as the rest. Her arousal soared as the woman pumped away at her thick shaft, and her own hands couldn’t be controlled as they ran along a defined back and over a taut stomach. She traced along the very gentle muscle as she rose up, fluttering at the hints of abs, before moving in to cup small breasts. Lorelei made a small noise of approval, and Kris took that as a sign to press in firmly. She squeezed them gently, rolling around the tiny handfuls, before running fingers over rubbery nipples just as Sevana had taught her. The Wood Elf only made more noises of approval as she tweaked at the small nubs, which emboldened her to push fingers in harder. As the two firmly fondled one another the Wood Elf was, still, guiding them back, pulling on her slight body just as Sevana did, dragging her backward and bringing her closer to the great oak.  Abruptly, and without warning, Lorelei started to push her down. She was far more intense in her movements than Kris could have predicted, and there was seemingly nothing stopping her from taking what she wanted. The Wood Elf was quick about it, pushing her onto her back with only a few heartbeat’s worth of delay, shoving her down until she was as flat on the grass and sand as Sevana was. The Elf stripped down at the same time, revealing her tight and toned body in all its glory - but Kris wasn’t given time to indulge at all.  Lorelei moved with ravenous intensity, zeroing in on Kris’s towering girlcock like a woman possessed. Kris’s experience with women so far had them all be rather vigorous lovers - for the most part - and so it really didn’t surprise her here, either, when the Wood Elf pressed in against her log of a cock, her lips touching down with clear hunger. Maybe she was starved for the attention or maybe seeing them at it just left her horny, but she quickly began to kiss her throbbing shaft of cockmeat with vigour.  Her lips kissed around the thick, rubbery head, dragging along with eagerness, and making Kris whimper with delight. It was a good feeling, and she enjoyed the way that Lorelei ran her mouth against it. She kissed twice, slim lips pucked and steady, squishing in against the hard mass of her tip. She lathered it in a gentle sheen of wetness before they parted, bathing it in a hot, panting breath. The Wood Elf almost slurped on the tip as her lips secured themselves around it and, with her breath husking out, she dove down. Her hands were tight around the pole of a cock as her mouth went down, taking inches of the fat cock into the wet heat. Her head pushed against the rough texture at the roof of her mouth, and the sensation drew out another groan - but that was pushed past quickly as she went down, taking more into her slim, small mouth, more so than Sevana’s, until soft cheeks were pressing in against the heaving bulk of her shaft. She had just the head and a few inches beyond jammed inside, an inconsequential amount compared to the size of her but more than what Lorelei could easily take. That seemed to be of little issue for the Wood Elf as she quickly started to bob her head along the few fat inches of cock. Her attentions were firmly focused on the throbbing tip of it, her tongue curling against it with undulating movements and her cheeks pressing in tight. She almost slurped on it as she threw her neck into an immediate series of bobs, drawing back and forth with quick and needy vigour. Her cheeks pressed in and sucked as she moved, bulging out with each eager repetition.  Her tongue rolled against the tip, drawing the flat of it across the entire mass before slipping around the rubbery contours. She drew down, cheeks pushed out, moving along the few inches as best as she could with her small mouth - all of it more than capable of leaving Kris groaning. Hands pumped along her engorged shaft in tandem, working along the rest of the many meaty inches that her lips couldn’t wrap themselves around. They pumped along it, drawing back and forth and stroking the achingly stiff cockmeat time and time again.  Her head bobbed along the tip of the pillar of white cock while her light-brown hands drew along the rest of it, pumping and twisting as her mouth went up and down. Her lips were tight, securing around as much as she could manage, sending the tip and the inches beyond rubbing along her tongue. The soft muscle lapped at it before pulling along with more thorough and needy licks, coating every possible inch of the throbbing crown with saliva. Most of it remained captured by her tightly-pressing lips - so tight that they were almost white with strain - but some still dripped down, only to be captured by clenching fingers and rolling palms.  Her hands twisted and turned as she worked at the shaft, pulling at the stiff flesh and sending it rippling. They moved in a lewd tandem with the bob of her head, which was rhythmic and smooth, even if almost hungrily eager. The cockhead was caressed and worked and scraped along, alternated between the hardness of her palette and the muscled smoothness of her tongue. Saliva dripped down and was shuffled as she curled her tongue around the dense crown, drawing across it in thorough licks, while her lips clamp down tight and slurped away.  Sighing, Kristana couldn’t do very much at all as the lithe woman went down on her, stroking and sucking, pulling and tugging and slurping without relent. She moved back and forth, only working at the tip and a scant few inches besides, leaving the rest of her shaft without the relative warmth of her mouth - but the rest continued to be pumped away with her hands, which clenched down nice and tight. Her grip was so firm it bordered on painful, and Lorelei just kept going at it without a care for how she felt - she just listened to the sounds of her groans and moans, seemingly content with that alone.  Her hands wrung out her cock, sending shivers through Kris’s body, while her head was tickled more and more. It left her groaning more and more, while Lorelei simply continued to work with single-minded intent. Her movements were crisp and precise, not leaving any  extra; no sloppiness, no messiness, just a straightforward and precise blowjob that made her body burn.  It didn’t last long, though, not even nearly as long as Kris had come to learn and expect. Lorelei pulled back quickly, only a single string of saliva connecting her lips to the cock. She stared down at it intently, her hands dragging up and down the thickness, now rolling over the tip of it and massaging the deposited saliva along the rest of the engorged length. She drifted back as she pumped along, soon rising up and straddling Kris’s lap - and then rising higher still, mounting the Human cowgirl-style. “That’s it,” Sevana purred from surprisingly closeby, and Kris blinked at her dumbly - but her attention was sooner back on Lorelei, who stared down at her cock with concentration. She held it up firmly as she pushed herself down, not speaking a single word as she continued to take what she wanted - the polar opposite of Sevana, truthfully, all single-minded focus instead of teasing words and purring tones.  It was a sharp contrast, but not an unappealing one. Strange though it was, she couldn’t help but be excited by the way the bronze-skinned Elf was pushing herself down against the ruddy tip of her shaft, sliding her lower lips against it with determination. It was definitely attractive to watch, and the feeling of that slick heat pressing against her well-lubed head was enough to make her bit down on her lip. She rolled her head back and sighed as the woman pushed herself down, not wasting a single moment to adjust to her size - only holding her steady and moving onto her, rolling her hips and grinding down with a soft exhale.  Kris gasped as the heat of Lorelei’s cunt washed over her shaft, hinting at a wetness beyond. The Wood Elf stared down very, very intently as she moved, one hand bracing her thick log of a cock, and the other moving to set itself against the flat of her abdomen. She held her steady as she started to mount her shaft, driving herself down without a hint of reservation. Lips ben as she pushed, the spongy masses squishing at the slight application of pressure. The lips parted as her hips dropped, allowing the cockhead to drive past them and against the soft pink of her insides. It shoved against the entrance of her tunnel, prodding and grinding down the slickness, and as her hips pushed down further still, her cock began to drive up into the wet entryway.  Lorelei hissed out a sigh at the touch of her cock, but the sensation was far more intense for Kristana. She was  tight, maybe as much as Salley had been. It could have been youthfulness and it could have been inexperience, but she reasoned it was more likely that it was simple natural Elven tightness. It hardly mattered, though, because Lorelei was still going, only hissing at the size of the shaft and the way it started to stretch her lower entrance. Hips continued to drop, even if her pace faltered fractionally; letting the cock breach her entrance as quickly as she could manage in spite of the strain.  “Ah,” she breathed, and that was all - she didn’t speak, she didn’t talk, she just secured the dick with one hand and kept it steady as she pushed down more and more.  It was slow going, and it left Kris increasingly groaning as her cock pushed into the too-tight embrace of her shaft. When the head finally popped into her insides it was with an audible sigh and a mewling yelp, for the pressure of something so relatively thick inside of something so tight was immense for the both of them - but, still, Lorelei didn’t pause to adjust, and simply continued to feed the cock into her pussy.  She was vice-tight, practically clenching around her dick, and the sensation left Kris feeling weak in the knees. It was as if it were pressing in from all sides, the walls wrapping tight and leaving no space between cock and cunt, and with such tightness that it could have cut off blood circulation. The teen could only bear it as Lorelei dropped her hips at a steady pace, working on through the slowness without trouble. Her face twitched and she sighed often, but her expression was a mask of concentration - she was determined to get it inside of her, and buried the cock in by the inch.  “Damn,” Kris whined, biting her lip. She stared up at the lean, athletic Elf, admiring her body before admiring the harsh tightness of her quim, and felt her eyes almost water for it. Down she went, inch by inch, driving her cock into her body with clear relish, uncaring of just how much she was stretching herself out. It was as awe-inspiring as it was spine-tingling, and it set her teeth on-edge. “Tight?” Sevana purred from nearby, lazily running her fingers through her own glistening snatch. It was an entrancing sight all on its own, but Kris was too preoccupied to stare for long. “V-very,” she stammered, trying to fight off the intense feelings playing across her cock.  “Nice,” the woman purred, smiling as she played with herself.  Lorelei bit her lip and sighed through her teeth as the cock pushed through her silken tunnel, driving up toward the midsection. Half of her shaft was sheathed inside, and that was where the Wood Elf stopped - rubbing her hips from side to side, letting it bounce across her insides, shifting them out wetly. The sensation was just as intense and groan-inducing, and her tightness didn’t let up whatsoever even though she worked her pelvis in rolling arcs. The ranger didn’t appear perturbed, however, and just let out a satisfied groan as she rubbed her surprisingly wet insides with the fat length of cockmeat.  “Not bad,” the Wood Elf hummed, speaking entirely to herself. She said nothing more as she started to pull off the shaft, rising along what she’d just pushed into her body at the same slow, steady pace. She dragged herself up the dick, letting it rub across her squishy insides, and then rolled her hips; grinding it against the soft walls for a few groan-inducing moments. Her pace was cyclical and smooth, each inch she pulled off punctuated by a neat, tight roll of her waist, allowing her insides to flex a little looser around it.  Not enough, though, not even close. She was still eye-wateringly tight, and as she started to push herself back down, Kris was left gasping and groaning. The muscles playing across her shaft were intense, and her dick pulsated hard within the tight sheath. It was more than she knew how to handle, and there was nothing she could do about it as the Elf jammed it into her narrow snatch. Idly, the girl’s hands rose up to grab shapely thighs and hold them, as if bracing herself against something would help; but it did not, and the woman continued to bury inches of slick cockmeat into her tightness. She breathed loudly as she moved, hips dropping only to pull back again, adjusting herself slowly to the heft of Kris’s dick. The teen just sighed shakily at the intense feeling of her tight, warm insides, and the stickiness that coated her walls. The Wood Elf was clearly horny and aroused, more than she’d expect, and that lubrication was the only thing that was giving her a chance at taking Kris. It was amusing, but the eye-watering nature of it made amusement a distant second, and she only groaned as the Elf pushed herself up the towering rod once more, hips rolling, only to immediately start impaling herself again.  “You’re too tight,” Kris stammered, biting down on her lip to suppress another plaintive groan, but the Wood Elf didn’t care. She kept moving, pushing herself down and then dragging herself off of it, treating the tall length of cock as if it were a toy. She didn’t do it without care, but she moved with lust and desire, and was clearly working off whatever urges had built up during her time alone - and to that end, she didn’t seem to mind how badly she was being stretched out. She enjoyed it, in fact, and rolled her hips as she started to properly bounce, dancing along the upper portions of cock with a smoothness that belied her inner tightness. Her stomach flexed with muscular contractions as she worked herself along it, rising up and dropping down with forward rolls of her pelvis. The vascular length dug in deeply before it was pulled out with sticky noises, allowing her walls a moment to adjust before impaling herself once more. It was still slow, but it grew in speed with each passing moment; she accommodate to it like a swan taking to water, and with the feline grace that she’d stalked them, she fucked herself along Kris’s engorged cock. She bounced herself up and down with hard rolls and firm movements, one hand remaining on the girl’s abdomen to keep her steady and the other leaving her cock to rise and cup her own breasts; confident, it seemed, that she’d gotten the measure of it, and could handle it herself.  It was a sexy sight, Kris had to admit. Her hips, though narrow, moved at a brisk pace, and her breasts, though small, still bounced along with the rise and fall of her body. Muscles flexed under the skin, and she appeared almost catlike as she moved - bearing some feline quality in the buck and roll of her body. A small grin was on her lips, showing the satisfaction she was taking out of riding some Human girl’s big cock out in the wilderness, and the fact that the two hadn’t even directly spoken to each other was made all the more comical with how quickly things were progressing - Kris hadn’t even  introduced herself properly, and she was already having some Elf ride her. That, however, only made it more attractive, and the idea of some random Elf fucking her was - well, it certainly was something out of a fantasy. She’d also never quite been  used before, either, and it was a surprisingly arousing idea all around. She enjoyed the bounce and thrust of Lorelei’s body, the way her muscles tightened and flexed with movement, and how her bronze skin rippled with exertion. The Wood Elf wasn’t bothered by any of it, not even as her breath came out more frequently, and simply threw herself into the fit of motion, riding the Human cowgirl-style without reservation. She moved along at her own pace and leisure, moving along and bouncing, rising along the hard staff and then dropping down again. Hips rolled and pulled at stiff cockflesh, stroking it with the tightness of her insides. It had Kris whimper and gasp with each repetition, marvelling at the impossibly tight feeling of her snatch and the way it caressed her aching cockmeat. It rubbed against her in ways she really couldn't handle, and her dick pulsated hard within her velvet sheath. "Very nice," Lorelei purred, leaning over her. Her hips rose up and down with the hard muscles of her stomach, each of them flexing with harsh movement. She put her all into it, stretching herself out with each rise and fall - driving up and down, shoving herself full of more girldick at a time before dragging herself off of it with a rough roll. Her insides made sticky noises with each movement, and groans left both of their lips. Lorelei put her all into it, flexing muscles and working herself firmly, dragging up and down for the express purpose of jamming herself full of dickmeat in the next. She bounced along the towering girth, stuffing herself full and gasping as she did so; letting her insides flex around it and wrap the cock in a snug grip. Her walls clenched powerfully with each movement, tugging and pulling in ways that Kris had never experienced before. It made her balls tingle and ache and had her face twitch and tighten, and lips dug hard enough into her lower lip to draw blood. Lorelei wasn't nearly as skilled as Sevana was, granted, but skill wasn't necessary. The muscular contractions of her body made her insides twitch and tighten in sympathy, and the quick up-and-down movements were so severe that it had pussyflesh dragging along her cock. The rock-hard stiffness stretched across all of her insides in full, squishing and prodding in ways that sent it all bulging. The head scraped and pushed, distending inner walls with slurping sounds, making the Wood Elf sigh with satisfaction. She bit her own lip as she leaned over Kris even more, setting both hands down on her chest. She cupped Kris's modest mounds and pulled out another groan from the teen's lips, but her squishing fingers were idle; the concentration was in the rolls and flexes of her hips, and the rise and fall of her cunt. She dragged herself off with powerful movements and slammed down in quick rushes, working faster and faster with each moment, stretching herself looser for the express purpose of getting more inside. Inner walls squished against the bulk of her shaft as it all became more and more intense, and Kris was left moaning.  Up and down she went, never pausing, never ceasing, not even as her insides fluttered and became tight again and her breath misted out in front of her in gasps. Lashes fluttered as she bent and squished her cunt against the thick rod, driving herself down onto the thick, bludgeoning shaft. Walls stretched, but even nearly enough to make it comfortable - certainly not for Kris, who felt as if her cock was being squeezed to death. It was an impossibly tight cunt, and the sensation of having all that rise and fall and rub was mind-numbing. It was too intense to measure in words or thought, and all she could really do was hold on to bouncing thighs as hips bucked and rolled, impaling herself over and over.  "That's it," she groaned, rubbing herself back and forth, dragging her snatch up and down along the cock. Her breath panted as she bounced up and down at a hard, needy pace, using more brute force than finesse. She was working herself to a climax, and Kris could feel it - the flexing and the clenching, the tight grip and the squeezing embrace. Insides fluttered, caressing the shaft and almost milking it. The Wood Elf slammed down one final time, burying almost all of Kris's cock into her contracting embrace, and held herself there; hips rolling, grinding, working herself up to her tumultuous orgasm. When it came, it was just as intense as Kris predicted it to be - a tight, hot flush, a rush of sticky juices, and a clamping tightness that took her breath away. She gasped and groaned at the powerful sensations that so suddenly played along her cock, the ripples and spasms, the needy forward rolls and the gushing fluids. "Yes," Lorelei hissed through her teeth, her eyes closing and her ears flicking. She didn't seem to care as she held herself down and rolled herself along Kris's cock, only riding the pleasure rolling through her. Muscles tightened and her body twitched within the throes of pleasure, and all of it travelled directly into Kris.  The girl whimpered, unable to hold back. her orgasm was drawn out of her by the Wood Elf's ministrations, but she wouldn't have been able to keep it in even so. It was too much, too intense, and her cock was all too quickly blasting out its load into the depths of her tight, pink cunt. The flooding juices and spasming walls were met by rushes of sticky cum, and thick ropes that spattered across the soft lining, coating them over in her seed. Thick globes of white coated over the clenching insides and rushed deeper still, all of it quickly being sucked up by her rippling walls.  They came at the same time, and reached their mutual highs together. It was certainly a strange one for Kris, who didn’t expect that level of tightness nor the clenching power of it. Walls wrapped and squeezed at her, shifting wetly and lewdly, drawing out near-perpetual whimpers from her lips. Tears sprung from her eyes at the raw tightness of it, but the pleasure was immense; her cock embraced from every which side and caressed with strong, muscular movements, rubbing hard and fast.  Girljuices mingled with her flooding cum, turning into a messy mixture that surged along her walls. Kris’s girlcock pumped hard as it sent semen shooting up and into that womanly tightness, her body reacting as it should when faced with an eager girl. Her balls ached with each pulse, and her cock thrummed with life as it fired off rope after sticky rope inside of Lorelei - and the Elf just kept working at her, riding her shaft with eager flicks of her abdomen, letting her pussy be filled with cum until it was brimming and more.  Before either of them were anywhere close to done, however, Sevana was joining them. Kris had almost forgotten about the Drow as she was ridden down into the soft grass and sand, and she blinked twice in surprise when she saw her long, grey-skinned body move over with swaying hips and a clever grin. She stepped  over Kris’s head, as casual as she’d ever been, and where the teen thought that the Elf was going to lower herself down as she so often did, she, instead, remained standing - beckoning at Lorelei, who was still grinding her hips. “My favour,” she purred, gesturing with a single crooked finger, and Lorelei understood what was being asked of her - far quicker than Kris, really, who could only distantly see what was happening above. The Wood Elf was, after all, still riding her pulsating cock, chasing more pleasure - but that didn’t stop her from acquiescing to Sevana’s demands and leaning forward at the same time that she did so, setting her mouth against the slit that was so clearly ready. Kris didn’t have a good view of it, lying on her back as she was. She just watched as Sevena shoved her face up against her slit, watching as her mouth was pressed in tight against the crook of her thighs and eagerly went to work. There was little to be gleaned and even less to be seen, but she could hear the very quick and very loud sounds of Lorelei starting to work at the woman’s tight snatch, her mouth pressing up and in and licking away. She saw the hints of her pink tongue lashing out and running across plush folds, heard the Drow sigh, and watched her hand reach out to grab at the midnight-black braid.  “There you go,” Sevana purred, twisting the braid around in her hand. She didn’t say much, and she didn’t start guiding the woman along like she had with Kris or did with Salley. Lorelei seemed to know what she was doing and did so adequately for the Drow’s tastes, and she showed a surprising amount of vigour for a Wood Elf who was licking out a Drow.  Lorelei’s face fit neatly in the crook of her thighs, against gentle thighs and soft-looking legs. The angle was too awkward for Kris to see very much, and the fact that Lorelei was still rolling her hips was making concentration difficult. It was quite the view, though, and certainly one that appealed to her. She tried, as best as she could, to fight off her groans and mewls while watching as Lorelei happily set herself upon the Drow’s dripping snatch, her mouth pressed in close and her face fully buried against her.  She saw the underside of her tongue roll and watched the movements of her chin, indicating the rolls of her head. Wet, sticky sounds echoed out as Lorelei applied her tongue against the Drow with the same vigour that she rode Kristana, and it certainly had the older woman murmuring with approval. Sevana stroked her head tenderly as she plucked at her velvety quim, audibly lapping at her with full and thorough flicks. Wetness gushed as the Wood Elf applied her tongue, leaning in and laying in without reservation. It was almost amusing, what with how stoic and standoffish she’d been earlier, to see her get so far into it - but she really was. She eagerly went at it, slurping away at Sevana’s snatch, pressing into the crook of her thighs and burying her face between then. Her hands left Kris’s body to move and cup the Drow’s thighs, and from there braced herself. The chorus she made with her mouth was lewd; sticky, wet, and messy-sounding, like liquids being shifted and worked around. She lapped at it even more audibly, almost slurping it down, enjoying the Drow to an almost guilty degree.  “Ah, my,” Sevana sighed, biting her lip. “Wood Elves.” It was as if that was enough to convey her meaning, but it was lost on Kris - but most was, really, since she lacked her experience. All she knew was that her climax had ended and Lorelei was still rolling her hips, bucking back and forth in seemingly endless arcs. It didn’t affect the movements of her head whatsoever, and she multi-tasked with effortless ease; pleasuring them both at the same time, licking at one and riding the other. She did so happily, even though her face was being all but shoved into Savana’s core. “I’m  so close,” Sevana groaned throatily, a grin audible in her tone. “And when I’m done…” She ran her tongue over her lips as she glanced down at Kris. “You, dear, are going to fuck my ass for the first time.” Kris’s eyes bulged. The words did not process for a moment, and there was nothing but incredulity in her mind. The thought of fucking someone in the ass rarely occurred to her, and Sevana had never brought it up - but now she did, casually tossing out such a provocative incentive with calculated coyness. For several moments, Kristana was just processing it; understanding it, and then she was in a fit of motion.  She rose up from the grass and sat up straight, and immediately made a beeline toward Sevana’s glistening pussy. She did so with almost frantic vigour, eager to obtain the prize that had been offered. She set herself against her core from the underside, near to Lorelei’s chin, and immediately added her mouth to the mix; so close that she could hear the sounds of her shifting tongue and the breath on her lips. She ignored it all, though, and just applied her tongue against the dripping wet folds above her. She licked across them as best as she could, only pulling back when she awkwardly slipped against Lorelei’s tongue. She didn’t care, though, and neither did the Wood Elf, and the two quickly moved into something like synchrony as they worked at the Drow’s cunt. Tongues reached out and swiped along soft, spongey lips and traced across the inner pink, with her handling the back half and Lorelei moving along the front. Tongues, occasionally, rubbed against one another as they swiped away, all of it being too close and tight for them to have enough room to properly work, but they made do. “Oh, that’s  nice, ” the Drow hummed, audibly content. She held one girl down as the other licked away, and just rolled her hips subtly - giving both of them time to shine.  Neither female was shy about their faces being inches apart or their tongues hitting one another as they worked- they  just worked, actively putting both their tongues to the task of pleasuring her. They pulled as soft folds and licked away at juices, pulling them along and into their mouths with wet noises and sticky pops. Lips pressed in, kissing and plucking, then pulling away to slurp loudly. They kissed and prodded, working along Sevana’s velvety snatch as best as they could, teasing her and working her up at the same time. It was clumsy and awkward, but it worked. It had Sevana groaning with pleasure and rolling her svelte hips with delight, and though Kris could realize that it was because she’d worked herself up with her fingers when watching the show, that didn’t make it any less impressive. She rolled her hips into their faces as they both ate her out at the same time, her pleasure mounting both audibly from her moans and physically from her gushing fluids. They slurped them down as fast as they came, swiping tongues along her dripping snatch, uncaring of the liquids they missed and were subsequently smeared across their faces.  “Ah,” Sevena moaned contentedly. Kris and Lorelei worked in unison, making up for the awkwardness with eagerness. Tongues swiped away, working hard and fast, while cheeks moved with the motions of their jaws. They kissed at her soft folds and teased them apart with pressing lips and swapping tongues, eating her out as thoroughly as two people could manage. It inflamed the Drow’s passions, and her cries became more frequent and her moans breathier in quality. “Fuck  yes, ” she groaned, hips spasming. She was on the cusp of release for a few plaintive moments, with both girls eagerly prying it out of her with lashing tongues and plucking lips; then, with a louder and huskier groan, her hips began to buck with sudden fervour. Liquids gushed out like a waterfall in a sudden rush that both were anticipating, and both were ready to accept. Their movements didn’t change much, granted, and they continued to slurp at her cunt while she bucked in orgasmic bliss. Tongues still swiped and lips still kissed, but their mouths parted as liquids washed against their faces, mingling over both. They sucked it up with quick and wet noises, cleaning it up as fast as it came, swallowing the tangy release without reservation. Tongues continued to roll and swipe, tenderly licking soft lips and fluttering pink, which, in turn, saw the Drow move harder. She eagerly pressed down on their faces, riding their tongues just as the Wood Elf rode Kris’s cock, seeking more pleasure. “Yes,” Sevana moaned, head tilted back and her body awkwardly squatting. She bucked herself against their tongues, holding herself down as her insides contracted with orgasmic pleasure, coating them with wetness. It lasted for longer than Kris was able to easily understand, and her breathing was replaced with mechanical swallowing as she barely managed to handle her flowing girl juices; but contend she did, lasting until Sevana was pulling back with a satisfied sigh and a smack of her lips. “Now,” she breathed, indicating for Lorelei to move, “your treat, Kris.” That was it -quick, sudden, needy, and intent on showing Kris something new. Lorelei popped off her cock, but there wasn’t even a heartbeat between the bronze-skinned Elf shuffling back and the ashy-skinned Drow settling herself over her shaft, presenting her backside to her. She squatted down until she reached her knees, then shuffled from one to the other. Her backside arched as she set herself over the throbbing cock, guiding the head against the entrance of her ass with little difficulty.  Kris gasped at the feeling of her throbbing tip pressing against Sevana’s rearmost hole, and the Elf grinned as she looked over her shoulder. That was all she did - a coy glance with lilac eyes and a knowing smile, but no words. She just shuffled back, bearing down, applying weight against the cock with her body. Her tight asshole was sent shoving down against the glistening head of the teen’s shaft, and the ring of flesh barely dipped. She pressed in again, driving the bulbous cocktip against her asshole, allowing it to begin to punch through, and Kris groaned for a third time.  “Oh,” she sighed, hands rising to cup slender hips. She could do nothing but watch as Sevena pushed herself down on her cock, her backside twitching and ass curving as she applied her weight. As her asshole gave way the cock started to push through it, driving up and into the shocking tightness - more so than her pussy, and about as tight as Lorelei’s narrow chasm. It was another heady and near-intoxicating feeling, and it had her struggling just to hold on.  “Nice?” Sevana hummed, and Kris just whimpered as she bit her lip. Her eyes squeezed shut as the Drow pushed herself back with significantly more ease than Lorelei, pressing down on her large cock and burying it in the hot tightness of her ass. The dick was sent spearing through the relatively unused hole, stretching it out in mere moments and casing walls to flutter powerfully. It was certainly different to a pussy, and not quite as intense as Kris was now used to - less wet, less muscular, but far tighter for it. More than enough to leave her groaning, and each inch brought a new one to her lips. She buried her teeth in deep as she tried not to let it overwhelm her stiff and sensitive length, and almost felt herself failing then and there. It was too tight by comparison, the hole not even close to wet enough for her to lodge so much rock-hard cockmeat into it - but Sevana just kept going, pushing back and impaling her ass onto the spear of a cock, her lips curved into a satisfied grin. She moaned throatily as her backside arched and her ass went down, gobbling up inch after inch of it. Kris only stared at the obscene sight of her ass disappearing into her rearmost hole, almost drawing blood with her teeth as the sensations washed through her. Her cockhead grinded against inner walls that stretched and fluttered down at the same time, all of it too much for her already-strained dick. It was made more so as thee ass lowered down and hit her pelvis, smoothly sheathing every white-fleshed inch of cock into her asshole. “Nice,” Sevana hummed, and began to move. For her, it was simple as that; no strain, nothing unwelcome, even though the size was clearly trying. She just raised her hips up along the throbbing pillar of cockmeat, sliding her asshole off of it with a slurping rush. Inch after inch was extracted with a smooth, yet undeniably hard roll of her waist, causing her backside to dip and curve. With her spine arching she brought her ass up to mid-cock, leaving the inches outside glistening and the inches inside pulsating  hard.  “Damn,” Kris whimpered, staring as Sevana easily brought herself back down. The Drown moaned because of it, but she was far more composed than the Human girl was, that was for certain, and she buried it inside her rear at the same pace with which she’d just penetrated herself. The older woman even seemed happy for it, and her hips twerked forward as she hilted the girldick inside of her once again. “How attractive,” Lorelei hummed from somewhere in front of Sevana.  “By all means,” Sevena said in reply, “help yourself.” Kris didn’t necessarily understand the exchange at first, but she did get it once she saw the bronze-skinned Elf sweep in against the Drow, setting herself against her front and press her hands on her sideboob. Faces met and lips connected as they began to make out, all while Sevana was working her hips along the towering shaft of cockmeat below her. She rolled them up, dragging off the hard shaft, each movement wet and slurping; then pushing back down, impaling herself just as smoothly, her ass hitting the base of her dick in moments.  Sevana and Lorelei passionately locked lips with one another as hips bounced up; rising along the towering cock and then driving back down onto it, taking it all into the tightness of her ass. Her spine arched and her ass twerked as she jammed the cock into her tight rear, shoving it all inside of her with each rolling movement; sending juices squelching as the impossible tightness rolled against it, shifting it all out. The lubrication was barely enough, but it saw Sevana moved along just as she wanted to - stretching herself out and using her full length as a pole to ride.  She was sure that Sevana would have had something to say about it all, but she was too busy shoving her tongue down Lorelei’s throat to do so. Kris just watched as the Elves kissed and tangled tongues, while hands roved along one another’s bodies. They cupped waists and traced stomachs, with Lorelei’s frequently cupping the Drow’s larger breasts and squeezing them in hand - and all of that was as her ass bounced along, rising and falling, sending the swollen cocktip dragging along inner walls before bouncing into steaming depths, allowing the rest of her aching cockmeat to be held by her clenching insides.  Her cock was driven into the silky tunnel again and again with each bounce of her hips, all of it smoother and rougher than her mind was used to. She groaned as she felt it clamp down around her, squeezing hard, and it did not let up even when she was pulling off her dick. Her ass was tight, and the movements only highlighted that - drawing tears to her eyes from the immense strain of it, but the pleasure was just as gratifying.  “So tight,” Kris whimpered, her voice almost lost as the two older women made out with one another, hands exploring bodies.  The cock impaled the fluttering asshole again and again, all at Sevana’s whim. She worked herself onto the achingly stiff rod time and time again, bringing herself off it with rolls of her backside only to do it all again. She pushed herself down, gobbling up inches of white cockmeat at a time, stretching out tight walls more and more by the moment. She got faster as she worked along, much as Lorelei had. It only made it feel better, despite the strain exerted on her shaft.  She watched the two women kiss with passion and saw cheeks bulge out as tongues went at one another searchingly, and found the sight to be far more attractive than she’d have given it credit for. It was a show to complement the rough fucking she was getting, and it all made her pleasure mount faster than she could contend with - but, then, most of it was. She just went along with it, letting herself be ridden for the second time. Hips rose, wiggled, then pushed down, each movement easy and seamless. She took the cock into her at a relentless beat, sinking her shaft through layers of tightness before pulling off again. Her insides were filled out around the tremendous girth, and she seemed to enjoy the powerful sensations playing across her insides just as much as Kris enjoyed the fucking. Her moans came out just as frequently as Kris’s, but they were muffled against Lorelei’s lips; still sweet-sounding, however, and thoroughly enjoyable. “Sevana,” Kris moaned, “I - I -” There was no response, and Sevana didn’t seem to care. She kept on bouncing along the throbbing pillar, impaling herself with relentless drops of her ass, willingly stretching out her ass with each repetition. She took Kris’s cock over and over, and the girl did nothing but clasp her waist and feel it undulate in her palms. It was a mesmerizing rhythm, though, and one that left her feeling hot. She moaned contently as the tightness fluttered around her, and felt her balls throb powerfully with each clap of her ass against her pelvis.  Her second climax came as the cock was engulfed up to the base, but there was no climactic and final thrust like before. It just came out in a rush, greeting the clamping insides with a gush of seed that was thick and hot. Ropes of the virile substance were splashing across Sevana’s insides before she recognized it, and she was soon moaning into Lorelei’s mouth as her rear entrance was filled up with sweltering seed. Her ass was soon twitching with each successive pulse of cum that filled her insides, drenching her tunnel in a layer of white.  It surged across her insides in a wave of hot white, filling her up with the creamy load of semen. It landed deeper than any other before it, slathering walls in white and coating it in thickness that had Sevana moaning with satisfaction. Baby-batter plastered the clenching walls, straining them under the weight of all that liquid, and each roll of the Drow’s hips made it more significant. More was brought out, coaxed free of her balls, and seeded across her insides. Her steaming depths were filled with rich ropes of seed, and Kris simply groaned with each pump that left her squeezed shaft.  She sighed at the intensity of it, all of it leaving her shivering. Her orgasm didn’t taper off easily, and her cock trembled as sticky strings were fired up into Sevana’s asshole - but it did begin to lessen, the ebb and flow of white babybatter finally ending, with only a few hot streams coaxed out by the ashen-skinned woman’s rolling hips. It felt to Kris like a larger load than the one before, but it was difficult to gauge. All she knew was that it was an entirely different experience than she could have expected, and it left her gasping for air in a way she could scarcely understand.  “Did you wear her out?” She heard Lorelei ask, but with Sevana still rolling her hips along her cock, Kris was unable to answer. “Hmmm… no,” Sevana said in turn, her voice humming out the words. “My Kris can go for some time, still.” Kris groaned. “Sevana…” “You don’t like the idea?” The Drow laughed softly, looking over her shoulder - and over  that she could see Lorelei peering at her intently.  “I - no, I didn’t say  that, ” the teen said self-consciously. “Good,” the Wood Elf replied very directly. “Because if I’m going to let you two frolick here I’m going to want my fair share.” “Perfectly acceptable terms,” Sevana said, a grin on her lips.  “Yeah,” Kris agreed, ignoring the ache in her cock. She was sure she could manage a few more rounds, and she doubted the Elves were going to bother giving her a rest between them. 
  
  
  
  
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The city of Kriegsburg was far larger than Kristana would have expected, and she stared at it all with a soft breath on her lips and eyes wide as saucers. An old military compound turned into a bustling city after some war far beyond her time, it was an edifice of towering stone walls, thick, buttressed towers, a gatehouse that stood stout and squat, and a distant, dominating fort. Around and amidst all of that are the more modest lines of familiar houses of unfamiliar wood and make, with roofs of yellow tile and roads of smooth cobble. 
 
  It was a real city, not some township. It was the first Kris had ever seen, and she marvelled at it all. It was beyond big, easily as large as her hometown, the town nearby, the Crossing, and then all of that tripled and complemented by fortifications and stout walls. Guards in gleaming breastplates and splinted mail kept watch with keen eyes; no ramshackle caravan guards were these, and neither some town militia. They were proper soldiers, and she cooed softly to see their professionalism.
 
  It was a day of hard riding to get there - a near ten-hour run from the morning with but one stop between. The final stretch across flat planes artificially created by levelled trees, and then the city proper by evening. Sevana said it had something to do with papers and cut-off times for travellers, but Kris knew nothing about that. They just waited diligently at the gatehouse as they were processed, ignoring the inquisitive looks at her gear and the somewhat improper stares cast at the Drow, until a good hour passed and they were let into the city proper.
 
  The sun was down by the time they were trotting down the streets, but it wasnèt yet dark. Lights hung from storefronts, homes, and taverns: bright candle-wicks casting comfortable, homely yellow streams along the road, while more magical sources of light cascaded down from lanterns. Despite the late hour, Kris saw more people walking around than there was the population of her entire hometown. They didn't seem to pay any attention to the travellers walking down the road, because, for them, it was a daily occurrence, even if it was a novelty to the human girl. 
 
  She looked over every nook and cranny with delight, finding something new and exotic in the familiar yet foreign architecture. Twice, Sevana looked over at her and smiled; and twice, Kris huffed and looked the other way. 
 
  "Don't tease," she'd protested, and earned herself a laugh in turn.
 
  "It's cute," was all the Drow said, acting as smug as always. 
 
  They didn't talk all that much, though. The sun was down, the hour was getting late, and Kris was painfully sore from riding a horse. She wanted to eat and to sleep, and she suspected that Sevana was of the same thought. Silence was their steady companion as Sevana led her through the city, guiding her along streets of haphazardly-arranged houses and up into higher, neater quarters. 
 
  Kris saw houses as big as her entire hometown there, or so she swore; manses and mansions and estates of lofty and impressive sizes, each with their own unique sections of grounds that were well-kept and maintained. The stone roads were smoother, more paved over, and composed of a reddish stone that gleamed like amber. The guards were far more frequent there, and their eyes followed the pair like hawks as they trotted along on their horses. 
 
  For Kris, it was fantastical. It was a vision of storybook fantasy, and she loved every inch of it. It was all breathtaking to her, and when Sevana finally turned onto the laneway for an even larger, more impressive mansion as tall as three houses and as wide as five, she was well and truly stupefied. She was ogling it as the Drow announced their arrival, she was staring as they hitched their horses, and she was gaping as the ashen-skinned woman rapped on the door.
 
  "...Are you trying to catch flies?" She remarked dryly.
 
  "I've never seen a house so big and impressive before," she squeaked, staring up. 
 
  "...Oh, honey," Sevana laughed softly, shaking her head. "So young."
 
  The door opened almost instantaneously. A short brunette in a classical maid outfit presented herself in front of them, and Kris stared at the very storybook appearance of her - black lace, white frills, headband and all. While she was reeling in surprise at how accurate the stories of the big city were, Sevana offered the cute maid a smile.
 
  "Ginette," she said warmly. "How are you?"
 
  The maid who Kris presumed was named Ginette smiled back at her as she bowed her head and shoulders. "Miss Sevana, a pleasure to see you again. The Mistress and I are doing wonderfully, as ever."
 
  The Drow nodded. "And the family?"
 
  "Just as good, thank you, Miss."
 
  "Wonderful," Sevana said, but it was almost off-handedly. "Would you be so kind as to inform Tion that I've arrived?"
 
  Ginette's eyes flicked over. "With the guest?"
 
  "Yes."
 
  "At once," Ginette said, bowing and smiling, and shut the door in their faces. Kris jerked back, blinking, but Sevana's expression didn't change, not even when she sent a questioning look at her. 
 
  "It's how things are done," she told her, shrugging. "It shouldn't be but a moment. Tion keeps to a schedule."
 
  "...And Tion is who we're, uh, meeting?" Kris inquired.
 
  “Quite,” Sevana hummed, adjusting her dress around her body. Kris’s eyes only lingered on curves and flashed thighs for a few moments; she was horny, but tired. “She’s a… scholar. A mage that investigates and studies magical artifacts.”
 
  “Oh.” Kris bit her lip. “So you collect those for her, huh?”
 
  “Yes. She…. isn’t the ‘going outdoors’ type,” Sevana said at length, hiding a wry smile. “Plus, she’s rich. It’s easier for her to pay others to do the hands-on work while she spends all her time studying.”
 
  Kris raised her eyebrows. “I can’t tell if you’re her friend or her enemy.”
 
  “We’re certainly friends,” Sevana told her. “That, at least, I can say -”
 
  The door opened, and Sevana stopped speaking. Ginette bowed her cute head of brown hair at the two of them before turning at a ninety-degree angle and indicating the hallway behind her. “Mistress Tion greet you, and wishes for the two of you to join her for her evening meal. Lodging and showers will be provided beforehand-”
 
  Sevana tittered. “Of course.”
 
  “-and the meal will be served in a half-hour.”
 
  “Sounds perfect,” the Drow said, still smiling. Turning to Kris, the taller woman winked. “We’d better hurry up and clear - Tion so does hate smelling people that come off the road.”
 
  Kris just blinked. 
  
  By the time they were led down to the dining room, the two had stowed their baggage into a shared room with a double-bed, showered with genuinely warm water, freshened up and cleaned up, and redressed in clean clothing. Sevana threw on a rather nice-looking dress that she’d been keeping hidden in her pack for quite some time, as far as Kris knew; an elegant slip of a dress made of silver fabric and red patterns that hugged her curves in all the right ways. 
 
  Kris, naturally, threw on a second set of trousers and her button-up top, leaving her feeling incredibly underdressed by comparison. In a big, lofty mansion with wood panels and artwork on walls and artifacts on pedestals, she felt exactly like what she was: a small-town girl. The fact that Sevana had to tell her not to touch anything made her feel like a child, too. She found it all strangely uncomfortable, and fidgeted the entire way down - and especially so when they reached the dining room and were shown their seats. She was like a kid at the grown-ups table, and she felt her spine prickling from top to bottom. 
 
  It wasn’t made any less strange when she finally got a look at their host, Tion herself. Her adventure so far had exposed her to all sorts of new races for the first time, and now she set her eyes on a Tiefling: tall, statuesque, her skin the colour of a bright ruby and her hair dark as pitch. It was all tucked back beyond the horns that curved out of her forehead and ran back over her scalp in bony protrusions of smooth reddish-brown, while a lizard-like tail flicked behind her in curious arcs.
 
  “Tion,” Sevana greeted. “How are you?”
 
  Tion didn’t answer. Her attention was focused down on a slightly glowing green crystal she held delicately between her long fingers, and she stared at it intently through the glittering gold monocle she had over one eye - some sort of magnifying implement, Kris was sure. Her silence was odd and a little bit unnerving, and she fidgeted - but Sevana just went with it. 
 
  “Tion, this is Kristana, my companion,” the Drow continued, waving at Kris. “Kris, this is Tion, scholar and mage of some repute.”
 
  “H-hello,” Kris offered, waving at the Tiefling.
 
  “Hello,” Tion mumbled with disinterest, her entire focus on her crystal. It was like she hadn’t even heard Sevana, and the Drow merely smiled as if amused. Sevana jerked her head at a pair of seats near their host, and Kris followed along with a nervous step as they took their places in front of prepared plates and sat down calmly, all to the Tiefling’s very clear and apparent dismissal. 
 
  They weren’t her priority, and so left forgotten. She didn’t perk up as Ginette brought food in on a trolley, filling the room with pleasant, mouth-watering smells; she simply adjusted her fingers and looked at it a bit more intently. She didn’t even look down as a plate of steak, potatoes, and some sort of vegetables that Kris had never seen before was set in front of her - she just adjusted her monocle with her other hand, rotating the glass and peering down. 
 
  Sevana thanked Ginette as their meal was served, and the maid bowed with a smile. She immediately took up her utensils and started to eat - swiping the fork through the vegetables and pushing it into her mouth elegantly before starting to cut at her meat with deft rolls of her wrist. Kris stared with shock, and when Sevana met her eyes, she gestured to their unwitting and ignorant host. The Drow shook her head, shrugged, and gestured at Kris’s plate with her fork as if to tell her 
  
    just eat. 
  
 
  Kris did. She was pretty sure it was rude to their host, but Tion remained focused on her artifact, and Kris was 
  
    hungry. 
  
  She cautiously ate a potato, then internally groaned at its perfect taste and texture; then, at Sevana’s knowing look and the flick of her eyebrow, she started to tear into her meat with her knife and fork. She speared chunks and popped them between her lips before chewing happily, adoring the incredible taste of salts and spices she could never hope to afford. 
 
  She was halfway through her plate when she saw Sevana bring out a grey pouch tied with a neat golden cord and set it on the table just in front of her. It was the first time that Tion paused in her work, and there was an almost smug smile on the Drow’s face as she swiftly unbound the fabric and released it. There was nothing interesting inside as far as Kris was concerned: it was a simple, silver statuette of a robed woman and nothing more, but Tion’s face flashed with the first bit of emotion she’d seen so far. 
 
  She set her green crystal down on a cloth beside her and immediately swiped the statuette with careful, cautious fingers. She breathed softly as she examined it under her monocle, her red eyes gleaming with interest. Kris still had no idea what it was, but the Tiefling’s expression indicated that it was something worthy of examination - and Sevana’s stoically smug face showed that she knew it, too. 
 
  “You found it,” Tion said, speaking for the first time. Her voice was rolling, and there was a strange timbre in it - but it was smooth, soft, and of a sweeter pitch than Sevana’s. 
 
  “Of course I did,” Sevana replied, plucking at one of her potatoes. “Do I ever disappoint?”
 
  “On occasion,” the black-haired Tiefling replied calmly, staring at the statuette’s recesses intently. 
 
  Sevana frowned. “That’s not - that’s neither here nor there.”
 
  “Mhm,” their host hummed, adjusting her monocle. “Was it where I indicated I would be?”
 
  “Do you consider the general region to be ‘where you indicated’?”
 
  “Yes.”
 
  “Then, yes.” Sevana’s lips twitched. “I just had to climb through a ruin and ascend jagged rocks to reach a sunken temple, but yes.”
 
  “You do the legwork, I do the research,” Tion said, her hand waving. “...It was in a temple?”
 
  “Yes. Old, ruined, but a temple.”
 
  Tion breathed softly. “Ah, a moon temple. What would it be like to see one…?”
 
  “You could visit it,” the Drow said dryly. 
 
  “No,” she replied flatly, staring intently at the silver figure. Her fingers probed at it carefully, almost reverentially, as if afraid to harm it. “I wonder if the blessings still work after all this time…? There will be so much to tes - I wonder if simply performing a ritual under the moon would activate it? Ah, but what stages, Tion? One must think -”
 
  “I’m sure you’ll have plenty of time to play with your toy,” Sevana tittered, and Tion looked up at her finally. She sniffed, then returned to her artifact. 
 
  “And you’ll get your pay, as discussed and agreed upon.” She sniffed again, and her tail flicked. “And, you share the same interests, Sevana.”
 
  Sevana laughed. “If the Moon Goddess has any blessings to bring, I’m sure there are means other than an old statuette.”
 
  “But to bind and invoke such things? Imagine the 
  
    methodology…
  
  ”
 
  “I do enjoy how you show so much interest in a little silver statue, Tion.”
 
  “Oh, you are 
  
    just 
  
  as interested as I -”
 
  Their banter - if that was what it was - was interrupted as Ginetter returned, a white slip of paper in her hand. Kris watched as she handed it to Tion, remaining silent the entire time. She wasn’t sure what to say or do, and didn’t do anything other than eat, really. She didn’t understand their strange relationship, and she wasn’t sure if she had a place to speak at their table. Were they joking? Talking business? She didn’t know, and when she didn’t understand things, she remained quiet. 
 
  Tion sniffed and handed the message over to Sevana, who raised her eyebrows curiously. She took it, opened it, read it over, and immediately scowled and threw it to the table. “How the - how the hell does That Bastard have a lead on the fucking 
  
    Wand of Lorac?
  
  ”
 
  “Because he has a network of illicit and underhanded contacts,” Tion replied matter-of-factly and somehow excitedly. “The Wand, though? Oh, my. What an incredible find -”
 
  “If it’s true,” Sevana muttered, crossing her arms under her chest and leaning back. “Now, forgive me, but how the fuck does he even know I’ve arrived? It’s dusk. Does he have people out there 
  
    waiting 
  
  for me?”
 
  “Does it matter?” Tion looked at Sevana excitedly. “The Wand of Lorac - ah, that would be a most 
  
    magnificent 
  
  find! What information does he have? When does he want to meet?”
 
  Sevana rolled her eyes. “I don’t know, and immediately. ASAP, he’s written.”
 
  “Then you simply 
  
    must 
  
  go! Such information is worth its weight in gold -”
 
  “No, Yelig thinks it’s worth its weight in Drow.”
 
  Tion and Kris both blinked at her, and she rolled her eyes again. “He thinks I can be lured out in the late of night to get down on my knees for his information, Teon. Yelig is a creepy, ill-mannered man with poor hygiene that hasn’t stopped trying to fuck me since we’ve first met. That’s all this is - he’ll dangle information in front of me, try to get me to bend over, then I’ll threaten him, use your name, rinse, repeat -”
 
  “Then you, a master at this, should have nothing to be afraid of,” Tion replied with a little titter. “Besides, the Wand is not something we will pass up. The information 
  
    is 
  
  worth its weight in gold, and that includes your payment. You simply 
  
    must 
  
  meet with him and see what he knows.”
 
  “I - oh, fuck it,” Sevana groaned, sighing out her discontent. She pushed away from the table with a clearly annoyed air, and glared at Tion. “
  
    When 
  
  he tries to fuck me, I will kick him in the balls and inform him it was at your dictation. 
  
    Then, 
  
  when I come back empty-handed, I will rub your nose in it.”
 
  “Yes, yes,” Tion said dismissively, waving her hand. “Hurry up and be off. He said ASAP.”
 
  Sevana rolled her eyes at her before looking down at Kris. “I apologize, dear.” 
 
  She twisted her plump lips into a smile and captured Kris’s mouth, kissing her full on the lips right there in the dining room. She didn’t seem to care about company or propriety and simply kissed her, and Kris could only squeak at her boldness. It felt far too good, however, for her to bother fighting it off, and she melted into the brief parting kiss. When the Drow pulled back she did so with a sliding of her mouth that only made the girl want more, but the following wink tamed her. 
 
  “I’ll be back,” she said softly, and with a swish of her skirts, she left the dining hall. She didn’t need to be escorted and Tion made no move to indicate for her maid to leave, and in less than a moment Kris was left sitting there with two strangers, her mouth wet and her face flushed, everything suddenly all the more awkward for it. 
 
  In another instant, Tion’s eyes snapped up far faster than Kris expected and locked onto hers. The maid retreated with a bow, and the Tiefling just stared at her. She didn’t move, didn’t blink, just examined her face very, very intently, and then much more slowly pulled them down to check out her neck and her chest - whatever, it seemed, was visible above the table. She snapped up again, locking onto her eyes, the red of hers almost scary to the Human girl.
 
  “What was your name, again?” Tion asked her, and Kris awkwardly scratched at her cheek.
 
  “Kris,” she replied, somewhat flustered. Tion kept on staring, examining her far too intently for comfort, and she was too embarrassed to continue eating.
 
  “Why did Sevana bring you here?” She asked pointedly, her words curt. 
 
  “I - ah, we met on the road,” she said awkwardly, trying not to stammer. “And we’ve been travelling together. That’s, uhm, basically it.”
 
  Tion stared for a long, long moment at her. Kris was aware of both of their plates getting cold, but she felt as if she could do nothing as her paralyzing stare focused on her face. Her crimson eyes were intense, and had an intelligence that was far too much for a simple girl like her to countenance. She didn’t even move as she stared at her, and it appeared as if she were becoming a statue like the one she held in her hands.
 
  After a long minute the Tiefling snapped her horned head off to the side. “Ginette!”
 
  The brown-haired maid appeared as if having materialized out of nowhere, and she bowed low. With slow, careful movements, Tion wrapped up her green crystal and the statuette individually, and then removed her monocle. She handed them off to the maid, and she took them with the same slow, careful reverence. 
 
  “Place them in my study,” she told her. “And make ready my bedchamber.”
 
  “At once,” spoke Ginette, bowing and leaving immediately.
 
  Kris sighed a breath of relief, and closed her eyes with it. 
  
    At least she’s not staring at me anymore. Does she know I’m fucking Sevana? Is she annoyed, or jealous? Am I - does she think I’m a bad fit for her? Oh, I hope that’s not it. Ah, at least she’s going to bed. I’ll just wait for Sevana there and avoid all this weirdness…
  
 
  
    ...I’m not cut out for places like this…
  
 
  She opened her eyes, and immediately sputtered. Tion was standing up and pointing her hand directly at the girl’s face, and all she could do was squeak and sputter as she stared it down. A red-skinned hand shouldn’t have disturbed anyone, but the fact that it was crackling with sorcerous power 
  
    very 
  
  much disturbed her. The nimbus of glowing energy that surrounded it only enhanced Kris’s fear, and as the Tiefling spoke the heavy words of a magical incantation, she felt her heart jump out of her chest. 
 
  Then, she felt nothing much at all. She was suddenly frozen, her entire body stuck. She was petrified, stuck in place, locked in some sort of stasis from which she couldn’t do anything at all. Her eyes could move and her lungs filled with air, but other than that, she was helpless and neutralized. Her mind was struggling to process it all when Tion started to move around the table, walking over to her with an almost idle look on her face, and a squeaking breath left the black-haired teen’s numb lips. 
 
  Tion flicked her hand, and Kris’s body responded as if she were a puppet on strings. Despite her stiffness, she stood up and stood tall and proud, like a soldier on parade - only, it was for Tion’s sole enjoyment. The Tiefling sniffed as she checked her out from head to toe, and, without even a hint of hesitation, stepped right into her. Kriss squeaked again as the tall, statuesque woman’s breasts were pushed into line with her face. They were smaller than Sevana’s but were still very much womanly breasts, and that made her uncomfortable. 
 
  Immediately, Tion began to pull at her belt. Kris squeaked, sputtered, and baulked through her frozen state as her pants were unbuckled and pulled down without a single care in the world, as if it was normal for Tion to accost her guests and get them naked. Kris flushed with embarrassment as her very much flaccid cock was exposed in less than a moment, and her face went as red as her host’s skin as her crimson eyes shamelessly stared at it. 
 
  Saying nothing, Tion continued to stare intently at her cock. In less than a moment she was grabbing it, wrapping her fingers along the soft girth, and pulled; and Kris, squeaking with shame, could do nothing as the unabashed woman started to tug and pull at her cock with firm motions, rubbing it with the softness of her hand. The girl felt anything but aroused in that moment, and, yet, she had been on the road for a long while without getting laid, and her gorgeous companion had been a constant tease. 
 
  Out of everything that was suddenly happening to her, she was the most embarrassed when her cock started to fill out with blood and stiffen. It was slow, but Tion’s hand was on her every step of the way, stroking her length with her smoothness and wrapping fingers pleasantly tight. As her girldick rose to half-mast she was pumping her hand along it, and the Tiefling seemed pleased by the way the swelling girth stretched out her fingers. She caressed it, giving her a lewd handjob right there in the dining area, and Kris was almost glad that Sevana had left so as not to see any of it. 
 
  “Good,” Tion declared entirely to herself, and then pulled back. Kris was, by now, disillusioned enough to know she was not about to be let free, and was proven in that assumption as Tion clearly spoke another incantation and lifted her up with pure sorcery. 
 
  Floating above the floor, Kris could do nothing at all but squeak and flush as she was dragged along by Tion and her sorcery, led down hallways and up some stairs with an almost casual air. The Tiefling’s hips swung pleasantly with every step and her tail flicked inquisitively, but Kris was absolutely indignant - at least, inside of her mind. She had no idea what was happening to her, and fear was thick inside of her body. 
 
  She was dragged to what only could be Tion’s bedroom, as the fancy double-doors could only be for that. Ginette looked to have just vacated, and bowed her head at Tion - but no words were exchanged. It was as if it were all totally normal, and it dismayed Kris. Not enough, however, to stop her from trying to cast a pleading glance at the brunette, but she was shocked to find jealousy, of all things, in the maid’s gaze. Brief and short though it was, the maid was jealous; either of her being dragged into the bedroom, or jealous of her master. Either option, though, made Kris feel even more dismayed. 
 
  She was made to stand again like a puppet, and as her mind swirled at the many possibilities, Tion stripped her down. Articles of clothing hit the floor with almost dispassionate flicks of the hand, as if her clothes were annoying obstructions. She left Kris totally nude in just a few moments, and as the slender girl shivered in front of the tall Tiefling, the Mistress of the house began to work at her own clothing. 
 
  Her dress was a mixture of a thin, gauzy vest and a fitted skirt, all tied together by a halter top and a series of loose belts from some airy style that belonged to a more arid climate; wholly exotic, utterly fanciful, and totally alluring. And, as she was forced to watch, smooth, red flesh was quickly bared to her eyes: a soft waistline, slender and curvy; wide hips, gentle and childbearing; and full, firm breasts, the skin a beautiful ruby and her hard nipples a gentle black. 
 
  She wasn’t incredibly curvy, but she had a hell of a body. Taller than Sevana’s impressive height by a good head and with a figure that suited it, any guy from her town would have died to be in her spot right then and there. Tion was a vision of womanly grace and fuckable indulgence, and her cock throbbed to see it - but it was tempered out by her frozen state and the very much non-consensual nature out of it. She’d stopped looking at other girls 
  
    like that 
  
  since the alchemist, and now it was all totally unwelcome. 
 
  Tion didn’t care for the compromising position she put her in or how attractive she might have looked. She just stripped down, leaving herself totally bare, and pushed on Kris’s chest. The magic reacted violently, and her body was tossed backward onto the bed. Landing with a soft bounce, Kris huffed, still locked into stiffness. She could do nothing as her numb limbs were then maneuvered by Tion’s hand until she was set there in a spread-eagle, with her cock sticking straight up like a spear.
 
  It was all utterly surreal, and it was only made more so as Tion immediately clambered onto the bed, straddled her hips, and aligned her cunt lips with the head of her cock. Kris was gasping in shock as the Tiefling - a stranger, really - grabbed her cock with one smooth, long-fingered hand, and used the other to spread her cunt lips. From there, she smoothly and eagerly mounted her, seeming not to care that she was Sevana’s girl and someone she’d exchanged a whole three words with. 
 
  She mounted her right then and there, as if Kris was a whore she’d bought for the night. The Human girl could only gasp again as her cock was swiftly pushed through the Tiefling’s devastatingly soft cunt lips and into the sinful tightness of her cunt, all guided by her smooth, firm hand. There wasn’t an ounce of reservation in it, and Tion showed no emotion but sudden satisfaction in pushing down on the teen’s thick, swelling rod. She wanted it inside of her more than she’d cared to learn her name, and was quickly dropping down with undisguised arousal. 
 
  As incredulous as Kris found it, she wasn’t given time to ponder how incredulous it was. Tion was sinking down onto her sensitive length without a shred of self-understanding, intent on mounting and fucking the stranger in her bedroom while keeping her magically bound. The black-haired girl couldn’t do anything but groan as her vascular cock was sent sliding past flushed lips and into the tightness of her inner tunnel, and was shocked at the wetness she found inside; Tion was 
  
    horny, 
  
  slick with arousal, and it made her seriously wonder just what kind of woman she was. 
 
  She wasn’t given time to learn that, however, and could only watch as Tion sank down onto her cock, using her hand to keep it upright as she shoved inch after inch into her velvet tightness. Her walls gripped her powerfully, squeezing around the length that was filling them up, and a regretful groan spilled from her lips as pleasure assaulted her. Regardless of what she thought, pussy felt 
  
    good, 
  
  and she was just a simple girl. She couldn’t fight off such pleasure, and as the pretty Tiefling sank down, she only offered more. 
 
  Gasping, Kris was sent into trembles as her tight walls moulded to the shape of her dense cock and outer folds gripped on to her beefy length far too tightly for comfort. Every bit of Tion was tight, and it was as if Tion was intent on stretching that all out with her dick. Down she went, her hips sliding, her hand feeding inches into her sopping tightness with clear relish, her tail flicking happily behind her. A soft breath left her womanly lips as she took the girldick in to the very hilt, her hand falling away and setting itself on Kris’s small tight.
 
  While Kris mewled, Tion sighed. It was a pleasant sound, but a quiet one. She was restrained even in her pleasure, but she still happily rolled her hips forward, grinding her velvet snatch against the cock. She let inner walls stretch as she planted both hands on Kris’s small chest and leaned forward, letting her own bounce forward. She adjusted her legs, getting into a better mounting position, and moved her tail - then, she began to move. 
 
  Kris groaned again as she pushed herself up her towering length of cockmeat, letting the many girthy inches roll across her plush insides with a series of wet noises. Her lips clung to her firmly and her tunnel rippled happily, adoring the thickness she was riding. Her face twitched with pleasure, and though it was slight, it was clear she was enjoying the feeling of pushing up along the hardness, letting it rub and grind across fluttering, greedy walls. She didn’t seem to mind that the nine-inch cock took some time to rise up along, and only purred her enjoyment as she rose up to the tip. 
 
  She dropped back down again with a smooth twerk of her hips, taking the girthy rod into her eager insides. She sighed softly and pleasantly as her pussy wrapped around the cock and greedily gobbled it up by the inch, and the shaft pulsated within her rippling sheath. Her juices squelched with intoxicating wetness as she dropped down steadily and happily, impaling her plush tunnel on her tremendous girl-dick without hesitation, moving until her hips were snug against her pelvis and her plump ass was resting gently against her thighs. She flexed her waist, rolling her hps, and bit down on her lip. 
 
  Kris could only groan and baulk as she was mounted like a horse and quickly ridden by the strange Tiefling - the first she’d ever seen, and immediately the first she was balls-deep inside of. It should have been an adventurer's wet dream, but it was her regret. She was, again, cheating on Sevana, and this time against her will. She was also bound by magic, left helpless as she was mounted and ridden with sudden vigour, watching helplessly as the red-skinned woman bounced herself along her cock as if she were a toy. 
 
  That was exactly how Tion treated her, in fact. She rose up with a smooth twerk of her waist and pulled her hot snatch up the towering slab of meat, biting her lip as it ground across her tight inner tunnel. Her hands clenched down on her tits as she braced her leaning body, using them to push up and off at the same time as her bunching thighs. She sent her silken snatch sliding along her sensitive cock, and Kris, who hadn’t gotten any action since early morning, was left panting for it. She didn't want to be, but with a woman so tight and pleasurable, she had no choice. 
 
  Tion sighed to herself and rolled her head as she pushed herself up and down her cock with quick and eager movements, clearly wanting to get right into the action and not wait for anything. Her thighs flexed as she pushed herself up and down on her bed, rising along the hard, throbbing mast with needy movements. Her silken pussy rolled in pleasurable ways that left Kris groaning, and she shivered at the feeling of her lush, warm heat bathing her cock with every drop. When the Tiefling’s red ass thumped down and her core was snug against her pelvis she moaned louder still, and that seemed to please her host in the most perverse of ways. 
 
  Unlike Sevana, not a teasing word left her lips. She simply pushed herself up and down as if desperate, her hips rising and falling in brusque, needy arcs, her tail whipping happily behind her. She extracted inches of girthy dickmeat from her clamping insides with each movement, and dropped down on that same amount with satisfying smacks of their skin. She happily impaled herself on her thick dick, almost throwing herself down with increasing ferocity. Wet, slurping sounds accompanied each lewd drop, and it made Kris flinch just as much as she moaned. 
 
  As her meaty log of dickmeat was bathed in Tion’s inner warmth and stroked by her walls, Kris was sent into moaning pants. It tingled and throbbed inside of her body, and had she been able to, she would have tensed up. She was sensitive and needy, her teenage cock desiring friction and action, and that lewd part of her loved the idea of a girl throwing herself down onto her cock while unprotected - natural urges to fuck and have kids welling up, making it all seem hot. It was all the more intense when a woman was just fucking her so desperately, singing to deep-seated urges and desires.
 
  The Tiefling groaned as she fucked her hard and fast, riding her cowgirl style as if she were a stallion. Like a whore she’d bought in a brothel, she slammed against her with ringing impacts and pulled back to do it all again, greedily indulging in what her Drow friend had brought to her house. Kris felt like the statuette she’d been examining: something to admire, fawn over, research and probe, and not something to see as an equal. Maybe Tion 
  
    only 
  
  saw her as Sevana’s pleasure-girl, and wanted to have a taste. 
 
  It was hot, in a way; but also terribly overwhelming, and Kris moaned. She was closer to climax than she ought to have been in such a situation, and for once, she lamented her lack of constant sex with Sevana. It was the one day where it turned around to bite her in the butt, and it was all because a Tiefling was throwing herself up and down onto her hard cock with greed and desire. She tugged on the spasming length with tight inner walls, snugly impaling herself before rising again, burying the many throbbing inches of it right into the hilt and them pulling back with sticky-wet noises. 
 
  Kris couldn't even warn the woman, and unlike Sevana, she seemed not to understand her approaching climax. The threat of cumming inside washed over her, but it went for naught as the Tiefling threw herself down again and again, sighing and groaning to herself as she took the cock into her body. She slapped against her pelvis and across her balls with each downward 
  
    thump 
  
  and rose up with flexes of her flat stomach, sending her plump tits jiggling with effort - and indulgent sight for the black-haired teenager, and it tipped her closer to the edge. 
 
  When it came, she couldn’t do anything. As Tion threw herself into the downward strokes her cock spasmed in release, immediately ejecting thick wads of her cum into her tight, clamping pussy. There was no delay, no regret, just breeding instinct and sexual need, and she moaned out as she filled her writhing tunnel with rope after rope of thick, hot seed. Tion herself gasped hard and threw her horned head backward as she was filled up with heat, and her hips began to roll as she rode her cock 
  
    hard.
  
 
  Both gasped in tandem as the pussy was sent swimming with seed in just a few potent throbs, filling her channel up to the brim in her hot load. Kris’s cock pulsated with each successive string of gooey warmth, and Tion groaned pleasantly each time it filled her. She wiggled her hips and flexed her stomach, settling for grinding on her thick rod, and did little more than ride out the orgasmic release. She treated it with the same pleasure as the actual fucking, but once Kris was done filling her up with the contents of her balls, she released a long sigh of pure annoyance. 
 
  “...Of course Sevana would find a quick shot,” she murmured, and Kris, panting, tried to frown at her. The spell holding her was a little weaker now, but even close to enough for her to fight free. She couldn’t do anything as the Tiefling looked down at her with mild annoyance before looking around her room, spotting something, and then rising off her towering girth with a lewd squelching and a wet, sticky 
  
    pop.
  
 
  Tion didn't seem to care about the cum decorating her thighs as she slipped off of both Kris and the bed and started to pad over to a cabinet with swinging hips and a lashing tail. Kris panted in post-orgasmic bliss and fought down her shame as her host rummaged through the cabinet and pulled out a vial of green liquid; examining it carefully, she nodded her horned head and returned to the bed. She unstoppered it, measured it, shrugged to herself, and tossed the cap away. 
 
  "Drink," she ordered, tilting the vial over Kris's mouth. Kris, naturally, kept her lips firmly clamped, and didn't do anything - so Tion, sighing, waved her hand, forced her mouth open through her magic, and dumped the liquid right inside.
 
  She had no choice but to swallow it down, and she did so with a wince at the bitter and fuzzy potion. Her tongue felt thick in moments, and she soured away from the taste of it - and, in the next moment, felt an unnatural heat filling her body. It was like fire was running down her throat, like when Sevana had her take a shot of brandy a day ago. It burned her stomach and made her flinch, and from there, the heat began to spread. It surged along her veins and across her chest like fingers of fire. 
 
  She gasped as her body began to contract and tighten, muscles burning with unnatural vigour. She felt a heat fill her before pooling into every nerve ending and muscle fibre, making her feel as if she could run a marathon. Her skin felt clammy and warm, and her cock instantly surged into life and turned as hard as a steel bar. She'd never felt harder, in fact, and she swore she was even larger than usual, her nine inches edging into ten as the fire flowed through her veins. 
 
  "Better," Tion hummed, and, smiling smugly, she immediately remounted Kristana. She didn't hesitate once she got what she wanted, leaving the girl to gasp with sudden ferocity as the damp heat of her snatch wrapped around her aching length She was harder than ever, more than a bar of steel, but with it came a burning ache that was unbearable. She wanted to fuck, wanted to feel her warmth, and the touch of it was overwhelming.
 
  She moaned aloud as her cunt dropped down, taking her back inside of her lush heat. She sank onto the painfully stiff rod with relish, wiggling her hips all the while, and Kris's fingers twitched through the numbing spell. She groaned loudly as the Tiefling dropped onto her thick, throbbing shaft, taking more and more into her steaming depths, biting her lip with pleasure as she filled herself up with the hard dickmeat. 
 
  Her stomach rolled, twitching forward and grinding the thick shaft within her pussy. She hilted herself on it in no time at all, showing nothing but pure need for sex, and Kris was panting more and more by the moment. Everything felt more intense, and she growled from deep in her throat as tightness worked along her aching meat and muscles pulled at the rock-hard flesh. When Tion rose back up, she moaned in relief. When she slammed back down with a loud clap of her ass, she groaned even louder still. 
 
  Her heart was beating hard and fast, as if she were sprinting a marathon - but all she was doing was quivering on the bed as the Tiefling started to ride her like a horse, her hips rising and falling in dexterous, nimble arcs, her hands squeezing her small tits and her teeth digging into her lower lip with pleasure. Her red skin danced with effort as she moved herself along her towering girth, and her tail snapped happily as she reamed herself out. She filled herself to the brim with aching cockmeat before retracting to the sounds of sticky pops, churning her juices and Kris's cum with equal vigour as she moved.
 
  She sighed as she threw herself down with loud, fleshy claps of skin, her pace one of her own dictation and choosing - not quite outright slamming, but a fast, needy pace that saw her take every last inch up to the hilt and provide an intoxicating beat of meeting hips. Her breasts bounced in pleasant arcs as she bounced along, almost twerking on her cock, and Kris was suddenly fixated on her womanly body riding her. The colour of her skin was entrancing, the look of her horns enticing, and it made her want more. She didn't know why or how, but it accentuated all of her primal urges, and the sex became much more gratifying for it.
 
  She swore internally and groaned externally as she was ridden like a horse, loving the way her tight, steaming insides took her shaft. Tion moved with expert finesse, her hips rising and falling in skillful arcs and her walls squishing and bulging in all the right ways as the cock slammed through the tightness. She hit her steaming, sopping depths with ease, drawing pleased sighs from the red-skinned beauty. She rose up, extracting inches of liquid-soaked cockmeat from her vice-like embrace, then did it all over again, to her verbal glee.
 
  Both were too distracted, therefore, to notice the sound of approaching footsteps. Kris, though, immediately gasped when the door slammed open, revealing the furious face of none other than her lover, Sevana. Her grey face was tight with annoyance, her lips pursed and her brow drawn down, and she looked beyond pissed. Kristana fidgeted, her hands moving a fraction, her legs tightening, and her shoulders rising an inch above the bed; everything loosening just a bit - but not enough.
 
  "What the 
  
    fuck
  
  ?" Sevana hissed, staring at Tion with narrowed, furious eyes. Tion, however, didn't even look back, and while Kris baulked, the Tiefling continued to throw herself down onto her thick rod of cockmeat. She eagerly took it into her sopping depths, riding her hard and fast for the sole pleasure of her perverse enjoyment. "What are you 
  
    doing,
  
   Tion!?"
 
  "Stop yelling," Tion sighed, biting her lip and rolling her head. As her hips thumped down with loud claps she flicked her hair behind her in a wave of black, letting it fall to her waistline in a gorgeous display. "Mmmmm.... this is a nice cock..."
 
  "What the
  
     hell 
  
  do you think you're doing, damnit!" Sevana shouted, stomping into the room in a furious, angry fit. Kris was sure that magic was glowing around her grey hands, but no matter how hard she tried, she could only make her own freezing magic give way a little bit. "That's my girl!"
 
  "I'm aware, and she's got a pretty good cock, I'll admit," Tion replied dispassionately, speaking the words as if rattling off a list of ingredients. She was riding even as Sevana stared, showing just how little she cared about the Drow's ire. "Stiff, long, thick. Very suitable. Pleasurable."
 
  "T-Tion!"
 
  Hips thumped down and a tail flicked. "I know my name."
 
  "You can't be fucking my girl, Tion! That's not how this shit works -"
 
  "It is not my fault if you don't like sharing," Tion replied casually, almost flippantly, leading Kris to wonder just how many of Sevana's 'girls' she'd fucked. "Any -"
 
  "Are you fucking kidding me -?!"
 
  Kristana, who had been struggling to break free the entire argument, her veins swimming with fire and her mind screaming with indignation at their discovery, pulled free of her magical bindings. It was, perhaps, more apt for her to say that it faded in some measure, perhaps in Tion's sudden lack of concentration, but it didn't matter. The black-haired teen was rising with the Tiefling impaled on her cock, lifting her up with a startled cry, and pushing up with little more than a feral grunt. 
 
  In Kris's mind, she fully intended to stop. To push her off and talk to Sevana about what was happening like she should have. Her body, though, was not in agreement, and her furiously aching cock demanded action. More than action, in fact - it craved the friction of sex, and the burning need that infected her made it very hard to act properly. She felt barely in control of her own faculties as she flipped Tion over and tackled her to the bed, forcing the red-skinned woman onto her back and hauling up her legs in one hard tug of motion. 
 
  She did little more than grunt as Tion groaned. Her cock was still embedded inside of her sopping tightness, and she rolled her hips to feel the delicious friction as she manhandled her body, forcing her up and over, setting the statuesque, horned woman into a mating press without difficulty - she felt stronger and harder than ever. There was no delay in her subsequent thrusting, and immediately rolled her hips to start pounding down on her upturned thighs. She slammed through her clenching tunnel with a low groan, frustration bubbling up inside of her chest.
 
  Sevana gaped and shrieked. "
  
    What are you doing
  
  ?!"
 
  
    Fuck,
  
   Kristana thought, her mind burning as hot as her body. Her hips slammed down in hard, brutal strokes, continuing the sex with a sudden uptick in ferocity. She laid into the Tiefling's cunt with brutally hard strokes that sent her groaning, and nothing but pleasure filled the Human girl - but the Drow's eyes were on her, the luscious purple filled with shock, and she grit her teeth in a desperate fit to form words. 
 
  "Can't stop," she groaned out, "Gave - gave something. To me. Potion."
 
  She groaned again as her hips slammed down in hard, ringing thumps, flesh clapping out loudly and lewdly as she impaled her slick core. She stretched her pussy with each downward swing, sending walls rippling faster and hotter than they had before - but the supple walls still moulded to her length, hugging her nice and close, and she loved it. It made her want more, and she sent her hips crashing down again and again with ever-increasing speed, sending balls swinging and thwapping against her sodden lips in desperate fits. 
 
  "What the -" Sevana turned a furious glare to Tion. "What did you give her?"
 
  The Tiefling gasped as the Human reamed out her cunt with hard forward thrusts. "L-level three - fuck! - stamina p-potion -"
 
  Kris was dimly aware of Sevana gawking at them, but it was a distant note in her mind. Her body told her to fuck and feel god, and that was exactly what she did. Muscles she didn't know she had were put to good use in pinning the shapley woman underneath of her, and her hips swung in mind-numbing impacts that had her cock buried up to the hilt. Her warm, wet walls accepted every thrust and jab, but they shivered from the sheer ferocity. 
 
  "Well, you're getting what you deserve, at least," Sevana remarked dryly, her head shaking.
 
  Kristana wasn't really aware of much around her and even less of what she was being told, and simply focused on swinging her hips in pendulous arcs and pounding the slutty Tiefling on her own bed. Flesh clapped with each stroke and breasts bounced beneath her, catching the girl's eyes for a few brief moments. She growled with frustrations as she almost angrily sheathed her thick cock into her pussy again and again, reaming her out more and more by the moment. 
 
  When Sevana finally slipped onto the bed beside her, she'd slipped out of her clothes. She was totally naked as she saddled up beside Kris, pressing her smooth, cool hands against her naked skin, a musical giggle on her lips. her face leaned in toward her, but Kris was unable to perceive her intentions. She was too busy throwing herself into the sex, trying to satiate her painfully hard cock with soft feminine perfection.
 
  "Show her the error of her ways," Sevana purred into her ear, her cool, lilting voice pleasing the girl. "Pound her into mush, Kristana."
 
  Kris's body tingled at her words, and she huffed out an eager breath. Her cock sawed down with titanic efforts of force, drawing out loud, ringing claps. Her pale skin meshed violently with the ruby-red of Tion's each time she slammed into her cleft, and she found herself loving the delicious contrast of tones. She eagerly rutted into her as Sevana caressed her backside and whispered softly into her ear, spurring her on to do more. 
 
  "Destroy the little slut," she hummed, making her shiver. "Make her so sore she can't walk for a week."
 
  Kris's cock thundered through her channel with deep, penetrating strokes, getting in so deep her cocktip kissed something wet and spongy. Tion gasped with ever-increasing frequency as the iron-hard log of dickmeat plunged into her sensitive pussy, turning it into a sheath for her pleasure. her composure was slowly melting away, getting worn down by each pump and thrust of the slender Human's hips, and her hands pitifully reached up to grab at her biceps. 
 
  She was locked into the mating press, however. She couldn't move, and Kris was in full control of her body. She could fuck it at her whim, and that was exactly what she did as she threw herself down again and again, mating with her snug folds in awe-inspiring swings of her hips. It was hot, hard, frantic sex, little more than animalistic fucking, and it left her growling with each downward drop. It all felt so good to her weary mind, but it wasn't anywhere close to enough.
 
  "Fill her up," Sevana teased. "Pump that womb full to the brim."
 
  The thought of filling Tion up with cum was a good one, and Kris groaned as she thrust into her sopping pussy with her tingling, pulsating slab of dickmeat. As Tion moaned and whimpered subtly at her intense pounding, Kristana's cock steadily approached completion. her balls tingled and tightened against her slit as her dick sheathed itself in hot flesh, and as her need rose her strokes became more pronounced. 
 
  By the time she was slamming down, her cock was already cumming. It unloaded the first jet of semen against the inner wall of her snatch, draping it over in another wave of white, before sending more of the thick babybatter into her steaming depths. She sent hot ropes of virile warmth flooding into her vulnerable pussy as if it was nothing for her, plastering her cervix in a river of gooey fluid. 
 
  Tion moaned even louder as another sticky load of cum filled up her pussy, and with Sevana whispering urges into Kris's ears, she shivered in blissful relief. She held herself down for a good ten seconds as her balls throbbed and pulsed with a thicker wave of cum than she expected, and she hosed the Tiefling's womb down as a result - but that was all she remained down for. It didn't satiate her anywhere near enough for satisfaction, and she was already pulling back before her cock was done cumming.
 
  "Break her," Sevana whispered, laughing softly at Tion's increasingly frantic mewling and whimpering. "Show her how good you are, darling."
 
  Kris rolled her cock free of her grasping embrace with a low, feral-sounding grunt, and then slammed every last inch of her bitchbreaker into her cum-filled depths. She hit her like a spear-thrust, easily piercing through the lush walls, and churning her own seed out around her. As it spilled from wide-stretched lips in a slurping wave she pulled back to do it again, driving herself down with hard, thumping impacts and low grunts of exertion. 
 
  She slammed into her with hard, rolling strokes, her hips driving down again and again and 
  
    again. 
  
  She laid into her body with wild abandon, rapidly sheathing her throbbing staff as deep as it could go before pulling back to do it all over again. It was a hard, heady pace of pure lust and aggression, fuelled by whatever Tion had filled her system with. She felt as if she were running a marathon right on her body, the beat of her hips never pausing, the rapid plunging descent of her cock never faltering. It was faster than anyone of her size, shape, and body type could have ever managed, but she did so now with feral ease. 
 
  She almost felt like an animal of pure lust and sexual aggression, and as odd as it was, her mind couldn’t properly muse on it to think on the pros and cons. It just 
  
    was, 
  
  and she ran with it like a sex-starved Orc. She groaned as hot walls squished against her length, their tight, gripping nature battered into submission with each thrust, and her warmth quickly gushed across her meaty length. The hard pipe drove down with squelches, but Kris was utterly heedless of the mess she made across Tion’s ass and her bedsheets - liquid, cum, it didn’t matter. She didn’t stop, and she wasn’t going to. 
 
  “That’s it, Kris,” Sevana purred, “you’re doing 
  
    great. 
  
  Fuck this Tiefling slut until she can’t even think.”
 
  Kris didn’t know if Sevana was being honest with her desires or just spurring her on into more lewdness, but it didn't matter. She fucked the teasing red-skinned beauty as if she were nothing more than a pliant whore, reaming out her snatch and pounding against her flesh so hard that it went even 
  
    redder 
  
  than the natural shade of her skin. It was almost ludicrous, but in her intoxicated state, she handled it with ease. 
 
  She grunted and groaned as she fucked Tion through the mating press, slamming into upturned thighs with fleshy smacks and driving into the hanging meat of her ass below with satisfying 
  
    thwaps
  
  . Breasts bounced and hair flopped around her horns as Tion was fucked silly by Kris’s borderline-sadistic movements, but she had no choice except to take it as the girl wanted. She’d given her the potion, and now she was reaping the rewards of her labours - ill-advised though Sevana clearly thought they were. 
 
  “Break her down,” Sevana continued to urge, stroking her back and petting her hair, and Kris gasped with each thrust and jab of her hips. 
 
  She didn’t need to be spurred into action, but she took her words gratefully all the same. She took the pleasant whispers and caresses without slowing her movements, and continued to frantically, brutally fuck the girl with deep, penetrating strokes that left her gasping. The Tiefling was clearly struggling, her breath coming out in hotter and harder pants, each whimper becoming thick and heady. As Kris’s cock pounded down in reaming strokes her composure fell away even more, and Sevana seemed to stare early from over her shoulder. 
 
  Kris wasn’t fucking to break the woman, nor to hear her cry. She needed it more than she could understand, and she rapidly pumped her hips and pounded out a drumming beat against her thighs just to satiate her raw desires. There was nothing more to it, and she wanted nothing else out of it but pleasure - and she got it with each impaling jab, dull though it was. Heedless of Sevana’s urgings she kept on going, kept on fucking, letting minutes pass and the breathing thicken, moving very much like a machine.
 
  A machine short of fuel, though, for Kris ran out of steam as quickly as before, her cock tingling and throbbing once more. It was odd in how quickly it came upon her but how damned hard her cock was; some effect of the potion, or some other reason, she didn’t know. It didn’t matter, either. She happily, almost hungrily, rammed into Tion, fucking her into a whimpering mess, ignorant of the hands clenching around her biceps. She fucked herself to completion without a shred of self-understanding, totally blowing over the small details in favour of pleasure.
 
  She thrust down for another time, but she barely held still as another orgasm ripped through her. A powerful and heady groan left her lips as she ejaculated into a tight pussy for the third time so far, and it felt just as intense as the first. A wave of delight filled her as her thick log of dickmeat spasmed and pulsated within her snatch, drenching her cervix in yet more waves of gooey release and spattering her womb with loads of the virile substance, but it didn’t feel like enough. It didn’t feel like anywhere 
  
    close 
  
  to enough. 
 
  Kris groaned and rolled her hips, stimulating her throbbing meat as it pulsed and shot out sticky ropes of hot goo into Tion’s body. As she came, however, Sevana smirked coolly and grabbed the Tiefling, pulling on her and Kris at the same time. The Drow couldn’t achieve much when Kris was locking her partner into a mating press, but with a few taps of her grey hand she urged her up and off the red-skinned mage.
 
  “It’s so much more fun when she’s on her hands and knees,” Sevana told her in a low, alluring voice, and though Tion gasped breathlessly, Kris’s mind prickled. “And she’s got such 
  
    natural 
  
  handholds…”
 
  Her finger trailed along one of Tion’s horns, and that was all Kristana needed. She pulled herself out of the mating press in less than a second, tugging her cock free with an obscene slurp, and tugged on Tion’s body as if it were a toy. The red-skinned Tiefling could only gasp at the speed of it all, and barely threw her hands out in time to arrest her fall once Kris sent her front toppling toward the bed. Hands grabbed her hips and hauled them up while the Drow pulled at her limbs, adjusting her like a mannequin. 
 
  Tion was sent groaning as Kris’s cock returned to her cunt with a titanic, ringing clap, her cock piercing through her lushness as she impaled her in the doggy-style. Her body was barely braced on her hands and knees and she appeared as if she were about to give out at any moment, but her ability to withstand the punishment was totally lost on the two. Kris only wanted to fuck, and that was the only thing she went for as she resumed her head, intense fucking, much as if she’d never stopped. 
 
  Tion mewled with a little wheeze as her core was stuck full of rock-hard cockmeat all over again, and she was left whimpering as Kris’s cock came thundering forward in hard, brutal arcs. Her ass was plump and red, and Kris found that it clapped nicely against her hips - not quite like a pillow, but more than soft enough for her to enjoy the feeling of it squishing against her body. She eagerly dived down, driving herself into the soft embrace of her snatch and the similar softness of her ass, and enjoyed the clapping of it as much as the squishing of the red skin. 
 
  “Pull on her horns,” Sevana whispered, stroking Tion’s backside. “Show her how much of a whore she is.”
 
  Kris’s hands snapped out, grabbed the bony protrusions, wrapped fingers around them, and 
  
    pulled. 
  
  Tion’s head jerked back, her lips parting and her jaw hanging, and a low, guttural groan left her lips; the loudest, lewdest sound so far. Kris’s hips thumped forward as her hands pulled hard, forcing the scholar’s head as far back as she could manage, and she watched as her eye began to well with tears. Pain, perhaps, or strain, but the sound of pleasure that left her mouth in the next moment showed just how hard she was getting off on having her horns pulled. 
 
  Her entire cunt gushed as a result of the tugging, clearly loving the way her head was being yanked and her horns being treated. Kris knew nothing about Tieflings and if their horns were sensitive or something, but it didn’t matter - all that did was that Tion was moaning for her touch and her pussy was wetter than ever, and that made her want to fuck harder. It was hard for her to move any faster than she already was, but her hips pumped down, driving her thick cock into her juicy depths, adoring the bath of hot wetness that coated her.
 
  “That’s it, Kris,” Sevana purred, watching her intently. “Break her down, just like that…”
 
  Tion wheezed as her cunt was rough fucked by the Human girl and her ass was slammed into a cushion for her enjoyment while horns were yanked on by two slender hands. Her head was brought back into an almost painful-looking curve, her neck pronounced, leaving tears to stream from the corners of her eyes. She squealed loudly and lewdly as her body was fucked doggy-style, her body and breasts sent rocking in the same movement, every bit of her getting reamed out.
 
  Kris grunted and yanked on her horns harder still, and Tion’s body responded by arching her spine and offering up her ass like a whore. The sight was perversely enjoyable for her, and Kris enjoyed staring at her smooth, sweaty red backside as she fucked hard and fast. Tion’s tail whipped against her pelvis and flicked around her thighs in desperate flicks and her voice rose up in louder and headier cries by the moment, clearly at her wit’s end and rapidly approaching her breaking point. 
 
  She moaned and wheezed as she was stuck on the thick log of cockmeat at a pace too fast to follow, her wet pussy churned and shifted like butter and her walls sent barreling outward as they were stuffed to the brim. Cum and juice slurped around the pumping length, and the sounds mingled in with her loud, lurid cries. Her hands shifted and clenched down on the bed as she struggled to hold herself still and entirely failed as Kris kept on rocking her forward in hard jerks, her hourglass body moving independently of her pinned head and her lashing tail. 
 
  Kris was barely aware of it when Tion broke - she just heard louder, thicker cries, and utterly shameless moans of pure bliss. The Tiefling got off 
  
    hard 
  
  on having her horns pulled and her pussy reamed like a whore in heat, and the combination was too much for her stoic, cool disposition. It shattered like glass, leaving her a wailing, sloppy mess, any sense of composure well and truly gone. She moaned loudly each time her cunt was impaled and cried out with delirious pleasure as her ass clapped, and it only got more intense by the moment. 
 
  “There we go,” Sevana tittered. “What a 
  
    good 
  
  look for you, Tion.”
 
  Kris hauled on her horns, jerking her head back in fits and starts, and warbling, breathless groans left Tion’s happy lips. Tears streamed down her face in vague black lines of makeup and her tongue lolled out of her lips as pleasure crashed down on her body, and Kris could feel it in the spasming of her juicy snatch and the waves of warmth bombarding her throbbing cock. The fat girldick sawed in and out in an endless rhythm of raw sex, and each time her pelvis thumped against her ass she sent the woman into more desperate wheezes. 
 
  Her cunt spasmed around her thrusting slab of a dick, getting tighter than the previously reamed-out state. It pleasured Kris as much as it made her growl, and her downward slamming hit her with body-shaking impacts. Her balls swung into her juice-dripping slit and bashed against her clit, drawing a slutty howl from the red-skinned Tiefling. Horns were pulled, and as Tion yelled in pleasure her tail slapped Kris’s chest by pure accident. 
 
  “Turn her into a moaning mess,” pressed the Drow, “ream her out, Kris!”
 
  Breasts rocked as her body was sent bouncing on the mattress, her entire form shaken like a bitch in heat. Horns were used as handholds just for Kris to brace the woman as she pounded into her, and somehow, Tion got off on the treatment. It was as if she wanted it, craved it, and was getting all that and more as the potion-intoxicated futa reamed out her tight snatch with low, feral grunts. It was all to the perverse enjoyment of Sevana, who indulgently watched it all unfold. 
 
  When Tion came, she did so hard. The intensity of her orgasmic release was almost violent, in fact, and she wailed like a banshee as her climax filled her entire body. Kris, though, fucked right through it with brutal sawing plunges of her hips, slamming past the writhing walls and ocean of release to get herself off. If anything, Tion came even harder for it, her moans louder, thicker, more lustful, her cries a mixture of pleasure and exaltation. 
 
  Tight, squishy walls wrapped around her cock and milked her, drawing across her throbbing meat in pulsating movements that left her gasping. It was beyond tight, and the intensity of her desperate milking left her reeling - but she kept on thrusting through it all, getting every last bit of sensation out of it that she could. Through the gushing channel she rammed her cock, driving it in up to the hilt in dizzying impacts that left Tion squealing, ignoring the way her balls started to tighten and rise. 
 
  She could only go so far, though. She slammed down into her gushing, milking channel yet another time, sheathing herself into cum-stained depths that were dribbling with honey-thick release, and let go for yet another time. She grabbed Tion’s horns nice and tight and yanked her head as far back as it could go as she unloaded her sperm into her pussy, and enjoyed the way her spine bent to accommodate it.
 
  She indulged in Tion’s loud, thick, senseless cries of pleasure as she was cummed inside of for the fourth time so far, her cunt swelling to the very brim with another hot load. It was too much to be contained inside, and most of it was already slurping out of her snatch in thick, white lines. Still, Kris held herself down as she pumped her full, letting nature do its work and her abnormal stamina work itself off in another orgasmic release. Pleasure and satisfaction ran through her in a tingling wave, and she sighed in release for it - taking the edge off, but not yet enough. 
 
  “Like that, you little slut?” Sevana asked Tion directly, laughing musically at the scholar’s lust-stricken and almost-drooling face. She reached between the seal of their bodies to slap her ass, and drew out a slutty squeal. “Enjoying getting pounded by Kris, hm?”
 
  Tion’s response was a moan, and Sevana’s was another ringing slap of her hand. She slapped her again, and then again, spanking the plump, red flesh of her ass, and the Tiefling writhed. Smirking, Sevana slipped back to ruffle Kris’s hair, and her hand moved from the curve of the red ass to the thick length of cock. She pulled on it, dragging it out of the wet pussy, slipping it across sodden folds and pressing it against the sweaty, velvety red flesh.
 
   Kris groaned at the lack of tightness and instinctively jabbed her hips for more, but Sevana’s grip was firm around her glistening meat; with a coy smile she brought it up between heavenly asscheeks to press it against the Tiefling’s rearmost hole, and her breath hike. Tion, naturally, started to writhe again, shifting forward on the bed and attempting to twist around, but Kris wasn’t in the mood to have her struggle or gasp of whine as the wrong hole was penetrated. She just wanted to penetrate, and slammed down with a hard grunt and an even harder jab of her hips. 
 
  Tion shrieked as Kris slammed down, trying her hardest to drive her cock through Sevana’s hand and into the tightness of her ass. The scholar writhed and jerked forward, a lewd mewl on her lips, and her head tossed back. Kris pushed her shaft into the hot tightness of her ass without a single care in the world for her struggles intent on just having something hot and warm wrapped around her, and that was all she went for as the tight rosebud gave wave and she sent her tremendously long cock into her rearmost depths.
 
  Tion continued to howl wordlessly as her backside was penetrated with brutal force. Kris knew it wasn’t meant for such things and that she was moving too fast, but she hardly cared - especially not as Sevana laughed and slapped Tion’s ass for good measure. The Tiefling writhed as inches sank into the depths of her ass, and all the black-haired teen did was slam her hands against her shoulders and push down to pin the woman as she sank herself down; naturally, her body capitulated and she crashed to the bed prone-bone, and another groan spilled from her lips.
 
  “Fuck,” Kris swore as she sent a broad swathe of turgid dickmeat into her clamping asshole. She grunted and rolled her hips within the too-tight seal, working walls loose, and shifted back. She was already fucking before she’d even gone balls deep, such was her desperation to fuck; she rolled herself backward, drawing out inches to the sound of pleased cries, and then slammed down, filling her up with dense cock. 
 
  “Good girl,” Sevana cheered in her purring tones, but it was lost on Kris. She listened to Tion’s breathy gasps as her hips rolled and her thick log of dickmeat plunged into her asshole with hard thrusts, sending walls bulging out around her. She worked herself down in hard arcs, quickly fitting more and more inside, and groaned at the luxurious feeling of hard friction that wrapped around her. It wasn’t anywhere close to the lush warmth of a pussy, but the feeling of it was certainly harder around her throbbing mast.
 
  Tion squealed as she had her ass impaled in hard, brutal strokes, most of Kris’s cock forcing its way inside with each downward pump. The tightness that assaulted her was eye-wateringly intense, and the lack of lubrication hit her hard; but it also made her thrust down harder, driving into her vice-tight hole with the single purpose of stretching it out like a toy. Tion’s tail whipped around in increasingly frantic arcs as her backside was taken, and Kris’s eyes fastened on the writhing length. 
 
  She didn’t really think as her hand snapped up to grabbed it; it just felt right, and when she yanked it, she knew it was the correct choice. Tion immediately started to howl as her tail was tugged, and it was a reaction more visceral than the pulling of her horns. It made her ass tighten, bemusingly, and her squealing filled the room in less than a second. Kris, breathing hard, pulled harder on her tail, lifting it up and away from her asshole and stretching it hard, feeling the muscle writhe against her palm and loving it.
 
  Her other hand grabbed one of her horns and tugged similarly, drawing out thicker cries of delirious pleasure from the red-skinned beauty. Panting hard and with both tail and horn in her hands, Kris’s hips thumped down against her fat ass, clapping against it with each brutal slam. She squished the soft meat down under her body with each frustrated thrust, forcing her way through the tight rear hole with each movement. Hissing and groaning with exertion, Kris bent herself to the task of fucking Tion’s ass, and Tion was left a moaning mess for it. 
 
  “Oh, that’s hot,” Sevana purred, but the idle words meant little now as Kris hammered against the Tiefling’s lower half with loud, fleshy claps. 
 
  Her deep strokes went as far as she could, burying her many throbbing inches almost up to the hilt before pulling back and trying again. Each time she rolled herself forward or pulled herself back she was yanking on Tion’s head and tail, and her moaning cries were like the lewdest of music. Kris didn’t know a woman could come so undone, and it pleased her as much as the tightness pressing against her cock did. 
 
  She pounded the Tiefling’s guts with each forward slam, fucking her with little more than pure instinct and sexual lust. She rammed tight walls loose by simply forcing her wrist-thick girth into her ass, and each time the rings contracted around her she grunted and forced herself in deeper still. She buried inches of her cock inside of her with each moment and pulled it all out in thick rushes of movement left the woman reeling, and she adored the sight as much as the feelings. 
 
  “Pound her into the bed,” Sevana urged, and Kris, grunting, continued to do just that. 
 
  She slammed her asshole wide around her cock, and indulged in Tion’s lewd cries. Her fat ass thumped against her pelvis as she laid into it with wild abandon, her pace increasing the looser she forced her rear hole - not enough for the thorough pounding of her cunt, but more than enough for Kris, in her intoxicated state, to ream her out. She didn’t show an ounce of restraint as she hammered into her as if pounding on a stubborn nail, totally uncaring of how much it bothered the woman or if she could even take it.
 
  She grunted and panted as her cock sawed in and out of her rearmost hole, slamming down, pulling back, dragging inches back with wet slurps and delving down with thumps of impact. She blew sweaty black hair out of her eyes and tugged on her muscular tail, and watched as Tion’s spine wriggled with movement. She got off on the constant tugging and pulling, and she cried out her pleasure despite her clear reluctance to the anal fucking. 
 
  “Make it so she can’t walk for a 
  
    week,
  
  ” Sevana chuckled, repeating her instructions all for the pleasure of watching Tion squirm - and she did, moment by moment, thrust by thrust, tug by eye-watering tug. Kris fucked her into a sloppy, teary mess on the bed, but no matter how hard she wheezed or cried out, she never stopped. 
 
  Kris couldn't, naturally. She needed more, and with her veins burning with fire she sent her dick constantly crashing down. Her angles were often imprecise and sent walls stretching out in all the wrong ways, but that only heightened her pleasure as walls grinded across her bulbous head. The pulsating mass was constantly caressed by the walls she was pushing out, and Kris moaned with pleasure. 
 
  Her small chest heaved from the exertion, however, and her skin was slick with sweat, but she didn’t stop throwing herself into the action. She sent her rubbery head crashing into her steaming depths before pulling back with a sloppy slurping, then did it all over again. She had her hips pounding against a plump, squishy ass, and felt the tail spasm in return - and then she tugged on it, making it spasm even more. It was a hot, lewd beat of strenuous fucking that left them both breathless, and Kris couldn’t stop herself from going for more. 
 
  She panted with each swing of her hips and roll of her stomach, and felt the sweat rolling down her lithe, slender frame. She groaned with strain as she forced herself down again and again, her pelvis plunging down with intense motion. Her eye-watering girth was forced inside as far as she could manage, impaling the tight rosebud on her hard, dense log of a cock. Tion howled for it, and Sevana, laughing softly, slapped the Tiefling’s skin. Growling in the next moment, Kris hauled on her tail and horns with force, drawing out a sluttier squeal from her lips, and desperately reamed out her ass. 
 
  “She’s a mess,” Sevana pointed out, sounding almost smug. “A well-fucked, moaning, mewling mess.”
 
  Kris panted, already knowing what she was said and taking it in again all the same. 
 
  “All because of you,” Sevana purred. “You’re fucking her like a whore, breaking her on your dick....”
 
  Kris’s breath hiked, and her cock throbbed plaintively. Her straining balls tightened up all over again, but she didn’t stop this time. She didn’t want to, and kept on fucking the Tiefling as her orgasm approached rapidly, sending her shaft swelling. Walls were stretched out even more by the widening pipe, and the red-skinned mage squealed all the harder for it. Kris simply focused on the swings of her hips and the loud, ringing impacts that filled her ears as she sent red assflesh careening around her descending pelvis in pleasing arcs of movement.
 
  She couldn’t last, not with a hole so tight and rough, but she didn’t stop thrusting, either. She kept going, hammering out a lewd beat on her ass as she spasmed in release. Her body barely jerked as her cock started to unload itself in virile strings of white, sending the ropes plastering across the length of her rippling asshole. She seeded her backside with swings of her hips, forcing cum far and wide - her cock slamming into her as it came, gushing out rivers of warmth. 
 
  Tion’s moaning was indistinguishable from all her other cries, and Kris indulged in it anyhow. She enjoyed the sounds and the noises that came with hearing the woman squeal around her cock, and lavished in it as she sent herself crashing into her fat ass with each throb of release. Cum pooled in her rearmost hole as she slathered it from top to bottom, but each successive stream of babybatter saw the pace of her hips slow; enough so that, by the thirteenth rope, she was trembling into a stop. 
 
  “F-fuck,” she hissed, releasing her hold on the muscular tail and the hard horn. 
 
  Kris started to feel tired, even if not totally satisfied. She was clammy and hot, her skin sweaty, and though she wanted to fuck, she felt the labours of her exertions take their toll. Panting hard, she jerked back and pulled her cock free with an obscene slurp. She rested on her haunches for the first time, her relentless fucking having finally taken a pause. 
 
  Sevana was not, however, taking a break, and slapped Tion’s weary ass before grabbing her horns with both hands. The weary, messy-faced Tiefling squealed as she was hauled up, her body too weak to properly protest the Drow’s treatment, and could do nothing as she was manhandled like a whore - or, perhaps, that was her kink, it was hard to tell with how much she enjoyed having her horns tugged upon.
 
  “Clean,” Sevana ordered, shoving her face down at Kris’s cock. 
 
  Kris, kneeling on her haunches, had nothing to do but watch as Tion’s clearly tired and borderline-awake face was thrust at her hard dick by the horns. She expected the Tiefling to either reject the demand or simply pass out, but she opened her mouth as if lust-struck and wrapped her lips around the hard, bulbous tip, much to the girl’s glee. She moaned as the exotic woman’s mouth descended on the first few inches of turgid cockmeat, bathing it in yet more slick, pleasing warmth.
 
  She groaned out a relieved sigh as the thick length was caressed by soft lips and a squishy tongue, and bit her lip at the pleasant simplicity of a hot mouth. Tion descended with slow, jerky movements, gobbling up the upper reaches of her rock-hard girth, filling out cheeks until they bulged and letting her lips wrap nice and tight. She gurgled weakly around it, bathing it in slick waves of saliva, and awkwardly caressed it with a weary, tired tongue. 
 
  Tion was too tired to give her a proper blowjob or cleanup, though, as evidenced by her slow, languid movements - she clearly wasn’t in her right mind, and her mouth gurgled weakly around the thick pipe stretching out her lips. A low breath escaped her as her hardness was slurped upon in a pitiful clean-up, but, unlike the Tiefling, Sevana neither tired nor weak, and she had her by the horns - quite literally. 
 
  She pushed her down without warning, shoving her face onto Kris’s thick length of cockmeat. Tion gurgled and sputtered, but she could do nothing as she was forced down the hard rod, her lips wrapping across every available inch until it pushed into the tightness of her throat. Her eyes watered and saliva bubbled up in her throat as she choked on the cock at Sevana’s behest, unable to do anything, too weak to fight it off. Kris, meanwhile, just groaned at the pleasant feeling, her weakening cock shivering with delight. 
 
  Tion was held there for many long moments of wetness before Sevana tugged her off by the horns, leaving her mouth lingering around the bulbous tip of her dick - before shoving her right back down to mid-shaft, leaving her to sputter. Saliva bubbled down the mast before she was pulled up again, and then quickly shoved back down in a pseudo face-fuck by the Drow. It didn’t last long, though, and the Tiefling was quickly pulled all the way off, her mouth popping away with a wet gasp. 
 
  Kris’s cock was now fully polished, every inch of juice and cum cleaned up. Only saliva rolled down her girldick now, and she sighed. Sevana had a smirk on her face as she tenderly grabbed her pulsating cock and started to pump it in her hand, gently stroking her way through the saliva matting, lathering it into the skin as if intent on making sure her dick was nice and clean. As lewd as it was, the human girl moaned at her touch, loving it just as much as everything else. 
 
  Sevana pulled back with a slow smirk, and leaned down herself to give Kris’s cockhead a single loving kiss. The girl mewled at her touch and watched as Sevana, without saying anything, slipped back, falling to the bed of her own volition right beside the sweaty, panting, probably-passed-out Tion, and laid there. She stretched out her arms and her legs, beckoning Kris like a lover to bed, and despite the strain in her body she had no wish or reason to resist such an offer. 
 
  She fell onto her with lustful passion, their lips crashing together and her body mounting her shapely curvature. Her cock was aching hard, but this time there was an uncomfortable ache inside of her; whatever she had taken was being fucked out of her system and, like the magic, was wearing off; she knew she was going to crash and burn soon enough. She was tired, her body weary, but that didn’t stop her from engaging in another bout with Sevana. 
 
  “Good girl,” Sevana husked, her legs wrapping around her hips and her arms sliding around her neck. It was like finding port after a tortuous storm, and Kris sighed in blissful relief as her cock found her comfortable, welcoming folds and speared right on through. Foreplay and sensuality weren’t even thoughts in her mind, and she clumsily but eagerly thrust into her waiting hearth with little more than a jerk of her sweaty hips.
 
  Sevana moaned against her face and captured her lips in another long, passionate kiss, their mouths rolling in tandem and sliding together with soft whispers of movement. Kris mewled against her as she sent her cock sliding down into Drow pussy, her clumsy mind only barely recognizing the difference in texture between Drow and Tiefling - one hotter, one cooler, one like velvet, the other like silk, but the best feeling she’d ever experienced in her life. 
 
  Moaning into her mouth, she pressed her cock down by the inch, sliding the freshly-polished shaft into her velvet embrace. She didn’t slam into her like she did with Tion and settled for something more passionate, if still hard and rough - she couldn’t manage to not do so, even with her body starting to come off the burning high. Her dick, though sore, was still needy, and she happily sheathed herself in her companion’s soft pussy while their lips tangled and pressed with intoxicating presses. 
 
  She shivered as she pressed her cock into her waiting folds, delving down through her surprisingly sopping tightness and into her waiting depths with a firm push. She groaned as her cockhead rubbed against silken walls, and she held herself down as she rolled her hips and sent her cock grinding across her flowery pussy. Sevana mewled receptively into her mouth and tenderly wrapped her arms around her neck, indicating her assent and approval. 
 
  She rolled back with a hard pull of her hips, and adored the way her clinging pussy wrapped around her and moved with her. The silky sliding pleasured her aching shaft and spurred her on for more, and Kris hungrily speared her length right back inside. Juices gently slurped around her as she buried herself in to just past mid-cock, and she held herself there for another long moment of rolling and grinding; doing little more than working her tightness around her, stirring up her sopping insides for Sevana’s sake.
 
  The Drow purred happily and kissed her harder, sending her tongue into her mouth with a deft flick and a twist. Kris accepted it with a groan and let them dance, still barely able to put up a proper fight against her too-skilled tongue but trying anyhow. Her hips jerked back, pulling inches of hard, white cockmeat free, before diving back down into the curvaceous grey-skinned body she had underneath her. Legs tightened around her waist and arms around her neck as if to pull her down, getting more thick cockmeat into her cunt. 
 
  They weren’t fighting against one another, but rather moving in harmonious passion. Her thrusts were met by urging pulls, and she eagerly sheathed herself into soft, feminine flesh. Walls hugged her and caressed her in equal measure as she pushed down firmly, spreading them all out around her with each forward movement before rolling free of her grasping embrace to do it all over again. Sevana’s lips were soft against hers the entire time, making out with her mouth with lustful passion, and Kris was happy to give into it.
 
  She imagined the fucking must have been an odd sight to Tion, but she similarly doubted Tion was cognizant enough to understand anything. They fucked right beside her and she did nothing but drool on her bed, and to them, that was fine. Kris didn’t care, and her full attention was on her lilac-eyed lover. She fucked her with firm, deep movements, driving her cock up to the hilt to the sounds of sticky juices, and that mingled with the wet sounds of their tangling, dancing tongues. 
 
  Sevana’s hands cupped the back of her head, and fingers kneaded into the black hair around the nape of her neck. It was tender, and she caressed her as her hips pulled backward and forward to fuck her Drow pussy - back and forth rolls and hard jabs that left her stomach curling and her breath rising up in pleased, womanly gasps. Kristana knew both women were much older than her, and the thought of laying with two of them and having one offer her so much affection was as mind-boggling as it was intoxicating.
 
  Bodies rolled against one another as they fucked, with undulating stomachs sliding and breasts rubbing. Kris groaned at the touch of her larger, firmer pair against her small chest, and sighed pleasantly. She loved grinding up against her curves, and as she fucked her missionary style with limbs capturing her slender frame, she was able to feel all of it with each buck and thrust of her hips. She adored, even more, the feeling of her tongue rolling around her mouth, tasting and kissing and licking before pulling back again.
 
  When mouths pulled apart Kris was already leaning in for a series of licks and kisses along Sevana’s sharp jawline, enjoying the taste of her ashy-grey skin. Her hips thumped down against her pelvis with satisfying smacks each time she hilted herself into her snatch, enjoying the heat that washed over her sensitive dick. Her hot flesh accepted every inch that was rammed into her tightness, lavishly wrapping around the entire throbbing mast and pulling at it in pleasant patterns, and Kris happily indulged in it. 
 
  She fucked Sevana to the sounds of her moans and groans, loving the more exuberant and womanly husks of pleasure. Sweet nothings were whispered into her ear as hands stroked her hair - 
  
    Good job 
  
  and 
  
    good girl 
  
  and all sorts of other pleasant things that were mostly lost on her in her current state but she liked nonetheless. It was a good, heady feeling, and she threw herself into it head-first regardless of the strain in her body and the ache in her cock. 
 
  She panted as she fucked, the strain becoming incredible telling on her weary body but she was unwilling to back down. She rolled into her with soft, lustful breaths, kissing her jawline with reverence, blinking the sweat out of her eyes each time she sent her hips crashing forward. Flesh thumped and juices slurped as she impaled her on her stiffness, and enjoyed the writhing of her pelvis and the gripping of her thighs. They pulled her in for deeper, more thorough jabs, and she went along with them. 
 
  Moment by moment, thrust by thrust, she and Sevana fucked on Tion’s bed. The Tiefling was forgotten as they laid in one another’s arms, hips rolling, grinding, bucking, and fucking. Her cock sank into her again and again, her pace fast, brisk, and smooth. It wasn’t the hard pounding of earlier, but it was a steady, thorough fucking that left the woman gasping and moaning into her ears. She indulged in the musical sounds as she lavished in the heat of her clinging cunt, her breath coming out in gasps. 
 
  She would have loved to fuck Sevana to completion, but it was almost getting to be too much for her. She felt more tired than ever, her body coming off the burning high and starting to crash, and she couldn’t handle it. She panted hard, sweat dripping off her brow, as she eagerly fucked the ashen-skinned woman on the stranger’s bed. She was aching and weak, and she started to force herself down with heaving sighs. The strain was impossible to fight off, and she felt as if she had a weight hanging off her neck. 
 
  “Cum for me, darling,” Sevana purred into her ear, and that was all Kristana needed. 
 
  Her hips thumped down for a final time, and a loud cry left her lips - lips that were quickly swept up and locked into another sweet, passionate kiss by Sevana, her slender hand moving to cup her cheek. Kris held herself down to the hilt as her balls spat out her sixth and final load of the day into the Drow’s snatch, sending thick rivers of babybatter sloshing around the soft, vivid pink. Walls bulged out as the hot stuff ran across them, and they shivered pleasantly in turn, wrapping snugly and pulling hard. 
 
  She groaned into Sevana’s mouth as she blew her load into her body, filling her up to the brim with hearty, thick Human cum. The fact that she could still produce so much was almost shocking, but Kris was beyond musing on her situation - she just indulged in it for as long as she could, holding still, emptying out drop after drop into her hot snatch. It bubbled and slurped across her thick mast, and the obscene-sounding noises were perfect for the moment. 
 
  At least, as far as Kris knew. The moment her cock came and the last trembles of orgasmic bliss rolled through her body she was collapsing down, finally filled with blissful, groan-inducing relief. She was so tired she couldn’t remain upright, and she nuzzled into a soft breast with a weary sigh. She felt fingers in her hair and soothing words being whispered into her ear, but it was as if a switch inside of her had been flipped; she went from high-intensity rutting to sleep-deprivation, and eyelids became so heavy she couldn’t physically keep them open. 
 
  With that, Kristana passed out in Sevana’s arms. 

  
  
 
  