
    Chapter Text
    
   ?????’s 
   “Why did it have to be heights?” Shuddering, I cross my legs and hug myself. Swallowing as my stomach leaps into my throat. Marquet is a gorgeous place. I’d never deny that. But gods why does one of its more prominent places have to be so high up!? Currently tucked inside a small box hanging from a string. I couldn’t be more uncomfortable. I really couldn't.   "Heyya stranger," One of the others packed into this space greets, "You've got some pretty trinkets!" They praise eyeing my rings. Some human who seems to be interested in me. Why they thought interacting with me is a good idea. I haven't a clue.  "Especially that gray one, it's unique. Where'd you get it?" He points out the thick iron ring around my index. It's engraved to have stars and ravens on it. Sitting there, I tuck in further and cough. Flicking my worst and revealing a small blade that snaps from the ring. Making the human leap.  "I made it." They seem to deflate at that,   "Oh." Before this awkward conversation can carry on. The entire cab shakes. The moment it comes to a stop I almost bolt out. Nearly knocking some people over on my way out. Sliding to my knees as I recover.  “Um, are you alright?” Shaking my head I pull out two golds. Giving it to the halfling who kindly checks in on me. He seems surprised and offers me some water. Letting me take a drink while offering me a fruit. Something that vaguely looks like an apple. Maybe part pear?  “Thank you.” Sighing, I relax and they nod, “Sorry, Krynn.” I wave at myself pointing out my drow blood. When you're from a people who used to live underground. Heights do some uncomfortable things to you.  “Don’t worry, there are plenty who suffer from it. You’ll get used to it.” He reassures me before attending to his job. Collecting fares and sending the new travelers back. Before coming returning his focus to me. “May I ask, are you here for a reason?”   “Yeah, its uh-” I fail and he shakes his head,  “Oh I don’t need an answer, we are just strangers. I just wondered if you know where you're going?” Shaking my head earns me a hum,  “There is a tavern on this spire. It’s called the Spire by Fire. You can house yourself there.” He points me in a direction and I nod,  “Thanks. Have a good day." Parting from the halfling. I make my way to where he directed. Walking through the bustling streets and finally shaking off my nausea. Quickly finding the tavern my new acquaintance named. Since it's a towering three flirted building built into the mountain itself. Before I can get inside the tranquility of the city is disturbed. Screams fill the air as an explosion knocks over a cart. The burst of arcane making my hair stand on end.  It causes a panic that only grows when the items it had been carrying start moving. Attacking any civilians unfortunate enough to be within their range. I'm just standing off to the side. Starting at the mess, defeated. "Why does this always happen?"   No matter where I go. I can't seem to be free of trouble. Do I even want to be a part of this? People race past me screaming like newborns, and several figures leap into the fray while I'm debating. It's quite a colorful cast of characters. It's almost comical watching them fight furniture, especially when they start losing. I only decide to jump in when I see the table, honestly the biggest threat besides the rug, about to ram an armored and beaten halfling. Instinctively, I flick my wrist. Causing the curved blade to extend and I cut my thumb with it.   The familiar sting of my blood curse kicks in. Focusing on the pain amplifies it. Causing the cut to burn with an arcane sting. Extending the pain from my palm to along my arm. The table charges, triggering dark crimson talons that erupt from the ground. Sinking into the wood and pinning it to the spot. Just before it can hit the halfling dead on.  "Oh! What is that!?" Someone shouts as I watch the fighter carry on. That little act serving to give him a chance to recover. After a moment I nod. These guys seem like they can handle themselves.  My ears flick when I hear someone let out a battle cry. My gaze darts to the source as an elderly man runs into the fight. Drawing a rapier and carving into the wood of the bound table. Unfortunately, my curse isn't actually that strong. As the old man cheers the table struggles. Destroying it's restrains and splattering the ground with dark ichor. Causing the man to screech.   I stare at him as an earth genasi appears. Wielding a massive glass hammer. Grinning from ear to ear. They knock the legs out from under the table. Before crushing it to dust, cackling. At least someone is having a good time. Looking around I see every other object has been dealt with. Good. Flicking my wrist, I put my ring blade back.  Despite myself I wander over to the injured halfling, "You in one piece?"   He jumps and looks over at me, "Oh uh yes, I wasn't expecting a fight." His honesty is refreshing. Even when he quietly grunts in pain. Probably from a strike to the rib.  "Don't think anyone was. Glad I caught the table, you look beaten. It would've been sad, dying to a table." At this point, I'm mumbling to myself. Wondering there is a meow sad way to die. Dead by grass also sounds pretty bad. As long as you leave out the grass being part of a monster.  "Wait, those talons were you!?" Someone shouts, breaking me out of my thoughts, and I look. Seeing it's coming from a distressed air genasi.  "Yea?" I give him a dumb look and he flusters,   "It just- those were blood. Lots of blood." He tries to explain and I slowly nod,  "Yea, that's how blood hunters work." He stutters repeating the name. Seeming unnerved by it. Has he never met a servant of the Raven Queen before? They don't say anything else so I shrug. Deciding the discussion must be over.  "Anyways, see ya." Waving, I try to leave, only pausing when I hear a quiet gasp.  "Oh, you're pretty." It's the softest voice that calls. Followed by the iconic clinking of hooves and I turn around. Only to get a face full of a very blessed chest. Swallowing, I have to drop my head back to meet the stranger's gaze. Leading to me locking eyes with a very tall satyr.   "Uh, thanks?" She blinks and hums,   "Can I touch your hair?" She asks and I blink at her. The others call to her in hissing whispers. Fearne, apparently.  "Sure." She smiles and reaches over. Taking some of my curled violet hair in her hands. Playing with the bouncy curls.   "It's so soft." She fawns and I just stand there. Waiting for her to finish. Too unsure and baffled on how to deal with the woman to just walk away.  "You all were quite magnificent!" The old man from before yells. Getting everyone's attention. His praise drawing the fawn's attention away and to the group who has gathered. Revealing others I hadn't seen. Including two women, one of which looks like a ghoul, and a small golden creature rolling around on a wheel.  "Uh-huh," He starts to carry on after seeing the ghoulish woman, and my eyes threaten to drift shut.  "Can I go? I haven't eaten since I got here and I'm tired." He jumps at my comment,  "Oh, of course!" The gorgeous fawn lets my hair go and I hum. Moving past the group and heading inside. Finding my way to the counter. Meeting the barkeep and discovering he's a literal lion man. After I recover from the shock. I buy a meal and refuse when the katari tries to get me to order a drink.  "It's the best on the spires." He brags and I bite into my meal,   "No, I'm sure it is. I'm just not a drinker." He mutters something and starts working on a big order. Before the old man from before approaches. Thankfully not taking note of me. Instead he's focused on trying to order rooms for his little group of fighters. The katari is quick to try and rob him of his coin. Making the man hesitate as I side-eye the interaction. Noticing something off about the older man.  'Are you really going to butt in?' The echoes of a voice rings in my head. Groaning, I shake. Trying to focus on anything, but the headache it's starting behind my eyes.  'It's begging for trouble. Didn't you wander your way here to avoid just that?'   "Shut up." Hissing at the voice, I sigh. Before hearing someone clear their throat. Both the Katari and the older man are looking at me. Looking between them I growl.  "I've had a bad day." More along the lines of bad last few years. But whatever, I'm not arguing about this. My venom causes the two to leave me alone. That's something I'm grateful for.   The night carries on until I find myself at one of the tables. Playing cards with an elephant man, a half-giant, and the earth genasi from before. Neither the Giant or the Genasi are very good at this. Both losing pile upon piles of coins. Mostly to me and the other one. Though he's just good. I'm-  'The bouncer has a good hand, he's going to drop the two of stones.' There's one thing you're good for at least. That earns me a phantom chuckle. Rolling my eyes, I look at my hand. It's not good.   "I'm folding." Putting my cards down I earn a look from the bouncer. They eye me with suspicion and I just shrug. Sure enough when the Gensai goes for it. Losing another eight gold. Causing them to curse and groan. The giant retires, defeated, leaving the three of us at the table.  "You need better gambling senses." I chirp to him and he snorts,   "Oh fuck off, my senses are fine." They whine and I shake my head.  "Not really. I can't imagine how often you lose out." They make a face and huff,  "Really? And what makes you so insightful?" They're snappy, but I'm used to it.  "Your recklessness. You don't really seem to care about winning. You're a thrill-seeker more than a gambler. You whine if you lose, Ya brag if Ya win. But you don't seem really affected either way." They don't seem to like me breaking them down. Frowning at me and narrowing their eyes.  "Maybe you have to take risks to get the rewards. Live a little." They shrug leaning back and I smirk,   "True, but-" I pull the coins they lost to me and pocket them, "-when you get your rewards, you learn when to dip out. Don't keep playing until the cards are back in the house's hands and you're left with nothing." Getting up, I call it a night. Heading over to the barkeep. I toss part of my winnings onto the table.  "I'll have a room for the night. Courtesy of that one." I nod my head to the grumbling Genasi. Who's talking to that small golden- robot? Weird.  The katari cackles and takes the coin, "One room for the pretty drow, courtesy of our own Ashton. Aren't you polite!" He jokes and jerks to the side. Barely avoiding the tankard that's tossed at him. He gives me a key and I smile.   "Thank you. Goodnight." He nods and I start to head upstairs. Actually managing to catch the duo of robot and genasi before they leave. Passing by, I slip ten gold into one of Ashton's countless pockets.  "Night you two." Waving over my shoulder, I don't bother looking back. Starting to skip up the steps.  "Oh! Good night to you to Ma'am!" The small robot answers happily with an odd accent. Really Weird.  'It's really not.' Rolling my eyes, I let myself into the room. Making sure to lock it behind me. Using a string to spring lock the door.  Dropping my weapon and pouches onto the dresser. I manage to kick off my boots. Falling into the bed before I can do anything else. Curling under thin sheets, hugging myself tight. I press my back against the wall. Closing my eyes with a tired sigh. Alright, lets at least try and get some sleep tonight. The thought's followed by an ominous chuckle in my head. Dripping with knowing and openly mocking, as always.   'Good luck with that.'
  
    Chapter Text
    
   ????'s P.O.V. 
  Tossing awake, I open my eyes to my body aching and feeling faint. Blanketed in sweat and dry heaving. I feel my stomach roll. Groaning, I cover my eyes, they're burning like I've been staring for too long. Trying not hurl, I lay there until it becomes managable. Not better, but at least manageable. Rising, I start to get out of bed. Getting on to shaking legs.   'May I suggest water?' The voice mocks sweetly and I snort,   Of course, I can't even have a morning to myself. Undoing my snare, I head out and downstairs. Taking the stairs carefully, not wanting to announce my presence by tumbling down a floor and into the tavern. I wouldn't even have the excuse of being drunk.   The quiet of the morning is too much. Suggesting the sun hasn't even risen. Of course I can't wake at normal times. No, it has to be in the dead of night, or in the god awful early hours when no one is around. My mood only continues to sour as I make it downstairs. Discovering the place painfully empty. Sitting at the counter, I don't bother to be quiet. Which causes some shuffling in a back room before the Katari appears. Looking startled by my appearance.  "Uuhh you're a morning person aren't you?" He comments and I glare at him,  "So are you." His ears flick at my distorted voice, "Can I have water for both our sake?" He nods and gets me a flask,   "Price?" He looks at me and makes a face,   "You look like you need it. Just- don't die at my bar." Nodding, he leaves me alone as I soothe my sore throat. The cool rush easing the burn. Satisfying my insistent thirst, at least a bit. That's already better than some of my mornings. Now if I could get a handle on this damn headache.~•~
   The Party's P.O.V. 
   Each person starts to wake up with the rising sun. Including Ashton, although begrudgingly.  The first to head down into the tavern is Dorian. Who spots only one figure as of the moment. Collapsed onto the bar with a flask barely held in their grasp. He worries about the drow for a moment before they move. Taking a drink from the flask. Before dropping their head back onto the wood with an audioable thud.  "Uh- Are you alright? You look-" The Genasi looks the hunter over out of concern.  Whereas they were an obsidian color yesterday. They've turned an almost ashen grey. Steady hands noticeably shake and they're covered in sweat. Plastering violet hair to their face. He watches and the drow makes a sudden jerking motion. The sound they make threathening to make him throw up. Thankfully, they both recover."  "I'm just not a morning person." The bard winces at their voice,     They lift their head and look at him with narrowed eyes. Revealing a color that seems odd for a drow. Dark forest green. Though, Dorian pauses, he wouldn't even know what eye color would be normal for a drow. For all he knows, violet hair and green eyes are perfectly common. All he's ever heard are stories after all, and he knows how out of hand they can become.  "Uh- noted." Despite himself, he comes to the counter and knocks on it. Getting the Katari to appear.  "Morning, uh- can I have two hot drinks and a breakfast please?" It's a quick transaction. The genasi tampers with both steaming cups. Adding some of the herbs he keeps on him for when he feels under the weather. Soaking them in the brew until it's turned golden. He slides a glass to the drow. "Here you go, that should help with the uh- growl."   "Appreciated." They take the glass and he nods. Settling down at the same table as yesterday with his breakfast. While watching the hunter, curious. They're an odd face and considering everything that happened with the vestige. He's a little on edge actually meeting one of them.   He eyes their odd outfit, briefly wondering if that's also normal for drow. They're clothed in a cream bodysuit with a white and silver coat thrown over it. The tail of the coat cut to only cover their right side. Topped with some dark scale mail for protection, and dark brown knee-high boots with red laces. Paired with matching gloves that tie along the sides up to their biceps. The rest of the items on their being are small things. Bags and boxes around their waist and a sheath on their thigh with an unknown item tucked in it. While he's watching, Dorian happily notices they seem to be getting their color back. They're shaking has lessened and they've actually started to sit straight.   He proudly notes they must be feeling better. Just as his companions start to come downstairs. Each taking note of the drow's presence. Fearne even approaches them when she noted the familiar smell of Dorian's herbs from their mug. "Good morning."   "Morning." They greet back, moving their sweat-slicked hair out of their face. Brushing it to the side. Only for it to fall in a wave over their eye. Earning an annoyed huff from the hunter.  "Your hair looks like a mess," Fearne comments, noting their irritation, and they hum, "Can I help?"   They're silent for a bit, eyeing the satyr, still unsure how to response to her requests. "Sure."  Fearne gets behind them and starts to work on their violet locks. Undoing knots and freeing the curls she adores. Discovering that only the bottom actually curls much at all. Laying across their shoulders in a mess of split ends. Which Fearne diligently works to fix to the best of her ability. Ashton and F.C.G. stepping inside the tavern during that time. Heading to the other end of the bar to buy drinks for the morning. With only the drow taking note of their arrival. Their current companion too fucked on her current task.  After conquering most of their hair. Fearne decides to take off one of her chains. Pulling their hair back and tying it in a ponytail. Letting the golden chain sit out starkly against violet and ebony. The door swings open again as she finishes. The other two women, Imogen and Laudna, arrive from their current housing. Welcomed by the curious scene at the bar before anything else.  "So pretty~" Fearne cooes and the drow plays with the chain. Finding they rather like it. "Hey, do you want to join us?"   Her companions hear her make the offer. Startling them and causing them to all look at her. "Uh- what?"   "We're going to go do a job. It sounds like fun, and you seem really cool." Fearne presses and the person blinks,   "You should probably ask your friends before making offers like that." They lightly scold the Satyr, who just nods,  "Oh alright." She turns to her party, "Can we bring the really sexy dark elf with us?" Several people choke on their food and drink. Others bark in laughter, startled by her blunt nature.  "Oh well- the more the merrier." Bertrand coughs and agrees, even as he nervously eyes them.   "Sure, I need to beat this bastard at a card game anyways," Ashton adds, taking in the drow proper, even hungover. They noticed the excess of gold in their pockets. They may not remember most of last night, but they recall a certain drow passing them by. Including that said drow completely broke their bank.  "I- well if they would like, I don't see why not. It's not like this is an exclusive group." Imogen decides to look across the group, Laudna nods along,   "-and your magic seems very interesting! I'd love to learn about it~." She fawns and F.C.G. pipes up after,   "Honestly, if Ashton is for it, I think it's fine. They seem nice, just very tired." F.C.G. points out and Dorian coughs,   "That's a bit of an understatement." He mumbles, catching his companions by surprise. "They were down here before me. Nearly passed out on the bar."   "Sorry, sleep and I never get on." They apologize and raise a glass, "Thanks by the way." That startles the genasi who nods,  "Oh, of course, you sound better already." Dorian flusters as the drow finishes the drink,   "As Imogen said- this isn't really an exclusive group so your welcome to come along if you'd like." Orym agrees and manages to lock eyes with the drow,   "Uh what is your name by the way? The rest of us have already exchanged names so-." The halfling prompts and they hum,   "Shulkyr Leimond." Shulkyr introduces themself with a shrug, "I prefer Shulk."   "Oh, Shulkyr is a lovely name." Fearne hums reaching for the silver hanging from their ear, "May I ask are you a full-blooded Drow? I've never seen one before."   "Uh- not quite. My mother was full-blooded and my father was half."   "So you're like-" She seems to think about it for a moment, "-a quarter human, and three fours drow?"   "If you want to get specific. In terms of how my abilities work. Half works just fine." Shulkyr finishes the breakfast they ordered. Along with topping off their flask. Leaving it for the Katari to take back.  "Sure, I don't have anything to do anyways." They get up and join the party which causes Fearne to be beam and loop her arm with Shulkyr's much smaller one. After that the entire party heads out. Bertrand taking the lead. Making sure to warn the party to stick close to him when they enter the lord's manor. Though his warning his quickly forgotten. As Fearne happily introduces everyone to Shulkur, and vice versa, while they walk.   Shulkyr isn't ecstatic with each meeting, but they're not off-putting. They seem to just be quietly listening. Their eyes heavy with exhaustion and patience. Which doesn't doesn't go unnoticed by the group. Leading to quick but polite introductions.  They continue a bit longer. Eventually coming to an eerie manor. Bertrand reminds them to stick close. Earning a lot of raised eyebrows and looks. He doesn't explain, knocking on the door and calling to the figures inside. It's a wait, but the door does open. Revealing a timid elven woman who looks over the group. Letting them inside, after repeating the same warning.  'This is so blatantly a trap.' The mocking voice in Shulkyr's mind chirps. Giddy laughter following his warning. Revealing the spirits excitement at the thought of Shulkyr ending up in harms way. Earning an eye roll from the tired drow.~•~
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  'Why are you always so unhelpful?' My ever-present companion goes quiet. But I can feel his amusement. It makes the edge of my mind ring.  'I always help when you need it, puppy.' He mocks again and I snort. 'But it is fun to watch you do something utterly foolish and be shocked when you pay the price.' He all but sings and the drow sighs. That's a long winded way to say you like watching me get the shit beaten out of me.  After being guided through some more twisting hallways. The group enters a study. Which is lit with a fireplace and occupied by a figure lounging in a chair. Everyone files in looking around the space. After we all step inside, the door behind us is shut by the elf. The click of a lock hits my ears. Yet Laudna seems to be the only other one to notice.   We're greeted by a growling voice. Followed by the figure turning in their chair. Revealing a well-dressed and scared orc. He knows Bertrand, but it seems he doesn't like him. Not that I blame him, I'm not particularly fond of the elderly fighter either. Still, my hand twitches and Fearne releases my arm. My other hand drifts to my thigh. Past the metal mask hanging from my hip, and down to my weapon hanging from my side.  The situation escalates as the orc gets to his feet cane in hand. Challenging us to show him our comitment. Am I back in Order training?  Orym leaps in front of the party. Raising his shield ready to fight the orc if needed. Not that there seems to be much of a choice. Snatching my crossbow out of its holster. I flick it causing the limbs to flare out. Releasing a small burst of magic. Runes lighting up along the limbs.  Cutting myself on my ring. I amplify my curse to a numbing burn. Summoning talons from the shadows. Ensnaring the orc mid-run and sinking into his flesh. Aiming my crossbow, I fire a bolt. It crackles with it's enchantment. Striking through his clothes and sinking into his chest. Another flick sheathes my curved blade and loads my second bolt. Firing it off, I embed it into the other side of his chest.   "Woah!" My eyes look at the rest of the party and I shrug,   "That's not going to hold him." My chirp causes Laudna to launch into action. Hitting him with a few spells. Just as she does he grunts. Shifting as I watch him snarl and rip free from the talons. Managing to splatter them with a swing of his cane. Laudna yelps backing up, "oh ok, you were not kidding."   The Lord lets out a laugh before charging me. Ah, here we go. This is where I'm going down. Laughter fills my ears even as the orc cracks my jaw with an uppercut with the cane. There's another crack as my vision goes out. Though I feel myself hit the door with a crack.  'Guess I'm taking a nap. You better not let me die.' It's the last thought I manage as I hear phantom laughter over the fading sounds of battle,
  'Let you die pup? Never.'~•~  My empty world begins to twist. Slowly lighting up as noises hit my ears. Waking up, I find Laudna looming over me. She grins seeing me coming too. It is somewhat creepy to wake up too. But my head pounds and I wince, deciding that's much worse than waking up to creepy Laudna.  "Why is it always me who gets knocked on my ass first?" My complaint earns me a gasp,   "Oh, is that normal for you?" As if on command memories flood my head. Frowning, I sit up and blink, shaking off my concussion.  "If I had a gold piece for every time the person meant to be keeping the focus frightened the enemy into me, or I got charged. I'd own these fucking spires." That earns me a snort and I look around. Seeing we're still in the manor. There's a desk on fire, everyone looks like shit, but the lord is alive and seated again.  "If it soothes you at all, I haven't had quite a surge of strength like that in years. It was extremely odd." The old orc apologizes and gives a faint chuckle,  "Yea no, that sounds about right." Sat up, I make to try and stand, "Fuck my ribs." With that, I nearly collapse and catch myself. Fresh Cut Grass rolls over and starts attending to me. While everyone starts talking about what this was all about.  "It was mighty kind of you taking those blows, Mrs. Shulk." F.C.G chirps and I sit there. Not trying to get up this time. Imogen actually sits beside me. Make sure everything is in line. I silently fluster under all the attention. I'm really not used to this.  "So this whole thing was a test?" Whispering to Imogen, I get a nod and a quick summary of what happened. Including Bertrand throwing a glass and hitting Fearne. Then Ashton impaling him with a knife after. Causing me to snort despite myself. Once that's covered I pay attention to the rest of what the orc has to say. How he wishes to quietly employ us to help deal with the corruption in Marquet. Wanting to give us a preliminary run before making a real contract.  "What would it be?" With our prodding, he shares that someone has been stealing from his storage. Taking just a barely noticeable amount.   "So an investigation, something I'm actually good at then." My mumbling catches Imogen's attention.  "Oh, is that something up your alley?" Putting my crossbow away I nod,   "Yea, I used to be an investigator back home. Dealt a lot with stealing and the Myriad." That seems to surprise them. Ashton snorts and looks me over.  "So what's a cop doing crimes for?" We lock eyes for a second and I shrug,   "Life happened." That seems to satisfy, at least enough that they drop it. We look back and the Lord encourages us to take our time in deciding. Everyone decides to go have breakfast somewhere calmer. The elf from before let's out of the room. Introducing herself now that we've been approved. Evelyn leads us out of the manor, and Imogen takes the lead. Taking us to another spire, promising food.   My stomach lurches as we begin to cross a massive stone bridge. My eyes stay fixated on the edge. Pressure builds in my chest and I stumble. Laudna catches me, letting me lean against her. Patting my shoulder as I fight to keep my stomach down. "Heights really aren't your thing are they?"   "No." She continues to console me as we reach the end of the bridge. Imogen leading us through tightly packed spaces. Far different than the open streets of the last Spire. Until we duck inside an unmarked tavern. Everyone settles down and waits for someone to come get our order. Buying a meal and drink, excluding myself. I just grab a fruit on the way past. Enjoying the sweetness of it as everyone talks.  “So are you in one piece or what?” Ashton chirps looking me over, “You got fucked up, I take it close combat isn’t your thing.” Humming, I shake my head and pull out my crossbow. Flicking it to cause the limbs to burst open. Showing off the dark weapon and letting Laudna and Imogen handle it.   “No, My power lets me pin weaker targets to the spot and then I just let Raven’s Kiss fill them with arcane bolts.” Ashton nods along admiring the weapon when it gets handed to them, admiring the engravings. Which sparks with arcane while they fuck with it, "Fancy." They pass it on to the next person before looking at me again,  "Cramped spaces and physically strong beings are my bane. Also, thanks- I enchanted it myself." They seem impressed for a moment. The others making noises of admiration.  “Fair, you’re too quick though. I can’t keep shit off you if you pull stunts like that.” Ashton counters as I get Raven’s Kiss back. Shutting the limbs and putting it away.   “Raven’s kiss?” Dorian asks, eyeing the holstered weapon, “That’s quite a name.”  “I’m a blood hunter, me worshiping the raven queen shouldn’t be all too shocking.” He swallows and lets out a nervous chuckle,  “No, that’s really not what he meant-” Orym pipes up and I raise a brow at him, “-Dorian’s from here and we never really met any of the order in Tal’dorei. I’ve never actually met a blood hunter myself. I've just heard of them in passing. You guys are like- you're like the boogie man.” The halfling explains and I give a nod,  “Fair enough.” With that the subject moves on to the robot. Fearne rather aggressively trying to get him to talk about the other automatons. He shows off arm extensions and what they do. Giving one over to Laudna who plays with the grappling hook arm and chats about it. Before joking about someone named Pâté.   “Wait, what?” F.C.G. asks prodding and Imogen tries to change the subject, but Laudna being who she is answers without a thought.  “Pâté is my dead rat.” She shares something that startles most everyone. Showing off a rat carcass with a raven skull melded to it. Laudna uses black ooze to puppet it. Taking on another voice as she does. Orym seems as deeply concerned as I feel seeing that. What in the world happened to you Laudna?  Disturbed, I just watched her chatter about not losing her mind. Putting the rat back onto her hip eventually. Before everyone starts talking about the De Rolo family. It doesn't really interest me so I finish my fruit. Only giving half my attention to the discussion until it's relevant to me again.  Everyone's confirming whether or not they're in. It slowly goes around the table. Until F.C.G. asks Ashton if they're in. Which the Genasi quickly decides is a yes. It's a firm yes as eyes settle one me next.   "I don't intend to go anywhere. You're a charming bunch." That flusters the girls who compliment me back. The boys all beam with pride. F.C.G. jumps up on a stool with Ashton's help. Leaning on the table and looking around.   "Can I just make one suggestion before we forge this pact?" Everyone gives their attention to the robot.   "Oh, Yes. Please." Ashton encourages looking at his little friend in a dopey loving way. I can't tell if it's the love of a brother, a friend, or an owner. Not that I know much about any of those.   "Let's just try to be honest with each other, okay? I don't want to speak out of turn, but I've sensed a little bit of hesitation in being forthright and forthcoming among some members of this little assemblage here. And I'm just saying we could probably get along a little bit better if we were all not deceitful towards each other for the next couple of days." F.C.G. gives a little speech and most agree with him, Imogen nodding, Pâté speaks for Laudna, and so on until again. I'm the last to be speaking. Shaking my head, I focus on how to say this without sounding like a contrarion ass.  "You really don't look happy about that." Dorian points at me and I snort,   "Yea, no." That startles some of them,   "No?" Fearne asks still drying out her brandy-soaked hair, how hasn't that dried yet?  "No," Looking across the group, I run a hand through my hair, "Look trust, transparency, it's good, it's important. But my life has been a convoluted mess for the last few years now. It's a pile of shit and lies and secrets tied up in a series of more secrets and lies. It's more trouble and effort to share that mess than ignore it, and besides. I like my secrets. I've dealt in secrets and lies for practically my entire life. They're comfortable to me, they're familiar, and it makes things easier. So at least right now, as this is, I have no intention of giving that familiarity up."  "So your fine with telling us your going to hide things and lie, but not tell us when it's happening." Dorian makes a face and I nod,   "That's oddly truthful and transparent of you," Orym adds and I give him a look, "I'm just saying, you're being very hypocritical here." He gently pushes his point and I frown. It's F.C.G. who follows with his two cents.  "Well, I'm quite sure sharing your past and letting us help you work through your problems would be quite helpful!" Rubbing my forehead I sigh,   "Appreciated, really, but I'd really rather not. I'm only mentioning it now so you know it's a thing I'm going to do so I don't get yelled at for it later." F.C.G. opens his mouth again and so do the others. My words causing a bit of a ruckus.  "Ok, ok hey! Hey!" Ashton gets everyone else to look at them. Before they turn to meet me head-on.  "That's fair, you're shady as fuck. You're gonna keep being that way until you feel comfortable otherwise. That's fair. I think we can all agree everyone in this group is pretty fucking shady, let's be honest." They look around and the others make varying noises of agreement. Though no one seems particularly happy about it.   "Good, Great," They lean on the table and carries on, "Look if you find yourself doing something that you feel compromised about, if you find yourself doing something that goes against any prior arrangement or agreement, you say it before it becomes a problem. We work it out. That's the best way to make these things work. Don't let yourself get somewhere where you're not going to be okay. We will figure out how to go around you if need be. We all want to make money." Ashton finishes their, mostly, general speech before very clearly eyeing me and adding to it.   "And if you don't think we can work around it. Just say you need out before it causes a problem. No explanation owed, easy?" They raise a brow and everyone waits until I snort,   "Easy." Whatever tension my disagreement caused practically evaporates. I think I'm going to like Ashton. It's been a while since I've known someone so respectful. It's weirdly comforting as everyone chatters. F.C.G. rolls over to me and tugs at my coat tail. Looking down, I give a curious hum.  "I understand that you don't feel like sharing, but if you ever change your mind. I would be more than happy lend you an ear." They give me their version of a smile. Tilting their head and blinking with their bright blue lenses.  "Noted." They seem happy with that as everyone gets ready to head back to the manor, "I don't mean offense. It's just what I know." It feels bad thinking I've upset this robot. They have this weird puppy/child aura about them. It makes me guilty.  "Don't you worry! No offense has been taken! Just know your brand new friend Fresh Cut Grass is here if you'd ever like to talk." They sing as we all head out. Making sure to give Bertrand the bill.  "Thank you." We carry on despite what happened. As we approach the bridge again. Laudna walks over and intertwines her arms with mine again. Giving me a beaming look and pulling me into her side.  "I quite like questions, but I understand if you don't. It can be prickly." She giggles and I sigh,   "You're all oddly understanding, it's comforting." My response makes her grin,  "Well- if you ever need anything. Don't hesitate to ask! Imogen and I know a thing or two about troublesome secrets~." She sings as we go.  "Thank you Laudna, hopefully, I won't need it." She nods as we reach the other Spire. Making our way back to the manor. Meeting up with Lord Eshteross who's having tea. The conversation turns south quick. Fearne joking about murdering him. Making the orc reach for a weapon. Before she plays it off as odd fey humor. My attention glides away from the disaster of a discussion, and over to the source of some very delicious and warm smells.  "Tea?" The orc questions, offering it, "I have earl grey."  Licking my lips, I sniff, "Oooh that's peppermint tea."   "Help yourself." Lord Eshteross permits me to loot the table covered in tea. Snatching up the lightly steaming mug peppermint tea. I happily indulge in it. It's not bitter but it could be sweeter. My gaze flicks to Eshteross servant. Who I make my way to and hit up for a quick chat. Eventually, I manage to sweet-talk some honey from Evelyn. Mixing it in before I take another drink.   "Mhmm~" There's a snort behind me,   "Now what is that sound?" They laugh behind me as I look over my shoulder,   "What? I fucking love tea." Fearne giggles and Laudna lights up,  "Oh, you're a tea person not a beer person? Lord Eshteross you wouldn't happen to have extra of that then would you?" She cooes playing with her claws. Batting her black lashes at him. He seems surprised by the request.   "Oh, yes quite a lot. Peppermint is not my favorite, but people insist on giving it to me." He sounds confused yet has Evelyn give me quite a stock of tea free of charge. Which I happily pocket for later. Sipping at my tea while letting out more happy sounds. The group's odd looks be damned.  "It's probably you know-" Dorian gestures to his throat, "-Your voice is something deep. Most people hear that and think, wow you're having a rough day, you know?" He jokes and the orc gives him a look. Tuning them out I chase around the pretty little elf. Asking about she made the tea and tips.   "This is amazing by the way, I don't know how you avoided burning it." She's flustering under my attention and praise. Until the others call for me to go.  "Hold on, I'm not done-!" My cry is answered with a giggle, and it sounded like Fearne. Slowly, I'm learning to tell them apart.  "Yea, you are," Ashton sings, picking me up and throwing me over their shoulder without warning, "Come on, we've got a job."  "Aah! No, my tea!" The cup clatters and I whimper. There's more laughter as I go limp, defeated. Whining and heartbroken while I'm carried off by Ashton.  "I can't believe you've done this."   "You have more now." Ashton counters and I sniff,  "That's not the point!"   "You'll get over it. I'll buy you some fruit or something. You seem to like fruits and shit." Ashton half asses an apology as we start going back to the other spire. My eyes instantly drift to the drop. Swallowing, I curl and actually clutch to the genasi's shoulder.  "Oh, so you have been clinging to Laudna." Fearne teases, "Heights aren't your strong suite I take it." She giggles and I make my discomfort known,  "I used to live UNDERGROUND!! Stop judging me!!" They all laugh as Ashton pats my side.  "It's almost over. Just don't puke on me, or I'll knock your lights out."   "That's not helpful!" I hiss, giving a weak hit to their back. Flinching, I wince, that hurt me more than them. By a lot.   "Wasn't trying to be." They joke and I go limp again. Just clutching onto their jacket. Waiting for this miserable ride to be over. Laudna catches up and pats my cheek. Giggling and providing what little comfort she can. Hopefully, I'll actually be helpful once I'm on my feet and back to my old ways. I'm starting to feel like dead weight as it is. I don't like it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  Ashton puts me back down as we arrive on the other spire. Letting me walk the rest of the way. Until everyone is clustered across from the storage facility Esterhross told us about. Ashton, as they promised, bought me some fruit on the way here. So I quietly sink my teeth into it. Running my gaze over the building. Taking in the layout of it. While everyone is discussing what to do. Until they agree to break the team into three.   "Shulk, where do you want to go?" Fearne asks me and I tilt my head watching the door,   "Inside. Have fun B&Eing the place you three." They laugh as I join Imogen, F.C.G, and Orym. Letting the smooth talking country woman take the lead.  She manages to get us inside as I look around. Lending one ear to her conversation in case things start going south. Using my other to pay attention to the rest. Walking along with F.C.G. we head up to a group of boxes. Finding several that seem to have been tampered with. F.C.G. seems to signal they want to check inside one.   Grabbing the lid, I easily pop it. There's a grunt and I look. Seeing it's from the human man. He looks a bit startled by the display. Shrugging, I let F.C.G. lift themself onto the edge. Peeking inside and moving things around. "Good stock?" I prompt hoping the robot understands to not talk bluntly.  He lifts a claw and shows a faint dust off to me. "Very! Good for coats." Their words startle the workers. Who get freaked out by it. Leaning over the box, I pretend to check it out. Looking for the dust and finding it's sprinkled over a hollowed out center. Likely created by something being removed.  "Not bad," Flicking my wrist, I faintly whisper the required words. Causing the entire box to light up to my eyes. Turning the contents bright blue. While the Identify spell kicks on. The information I need floods into my mind. Causing a pain behind my eyes. Ever useful, but by the divine, I hate that drawback.  Putting a hand on F.C.G. I help him down. "It's a solid stock. Nothing seems like it's being eaten by moths. The only thing in question is their reliability."  "We are plenty reliable, I don't know where you got the idea this place isn't secure." The gnome woman counters giving me a suspicious look,   "The amount our employer has already lost from previous issues here are all the foundation for those ideas I need. It's what I'm paid for." My shrug earns me the stink eye. She opens her mouth, likely to push the issue. Only to be cut off by the sudden appearance of Fearne in the doorway. Calling for someone and causing the gnome to panic. Fraying the last of her nerves and getting us removed. Sitting outside and across the seat we wait for everyone to join us.  "Did you find anything?" Imogen checks in with the backdoor group when they arrive. Ashton shares they welded the back door shut. Laudna shows off a molded black box she found on the roof. Which she then tares open. Discovering it has some spare coins in it. Not strictly helpful, but a pleasant surprise.  Fearne and Bertrand share that they basically did nothing. Just chatted away as they 'stood guard' in front of the door. Once they finish, it comes back to us. Orym shares he found another box that matched the description of the box F.C.G. and I found. Including the residue that's in it.  "It's some rare shit," That gets them to look at me,   "Oh? You know what this is?" She asks and F.C.G. perks up,   "You are knowledgeable!" Shaking my head, I wave my hands, summoning a faint spell circle.  "No, it's just one of the few spells I have." My confession causes F.C.G. to gasp,  "You used a spell!? Woah- I was right next to you and I had no idea. You are very stealthy, Mrs. Shulk." F.C.G. praises and I look at them,   "Uh, thanks? I can teach you to be quieter about casting spells if you'd like." They practically glow at my offer,   "That sounds mighty lovely!" It's cute watching the little robot get happy. Clapping their little claws together.  "Sweet, maybe you can do what I couldn't."  Ashton chuckles looking proud,   "Back on topic, what was that stuff? What did the spell tell you?" Orym asks looking at me and I hum,   "It's dust from those stones. The ones that make the airships fly." That startles the group as they all look at each other,  "Seriously?" Dorian whispers and freaks out, looking at the minuscule amount of dust Imogen collected.  "I saw two more boxes that seemed fucked the same way as the one Grass and I checked on. Plus Orym's, that's at least four boxes filled with Brumestone and a decent amount of it. That shit is not easy to come across. The government keeps whatever they recover close." My words sink in and everyone's thinking. Not that I would know any of that if it weren't for the spell. I really should try and learn about the government here. It would help with all of this.  "Think it's a halfway point?" Ashton suggests looking to me,   "Possible, it seems like the most probable explanation we've got." Shrugging, I look across the group and Fearne hums,  "But who would be doing such a thing?" Everyone stiffens as we look around. Suddenly concerned about everybody walking past.  "I'm a stranger to this place, but Lord Eshteross said there was a crime ring like the Myriad here, didn't he?" My question doesn't help the tension. Bertrand especially seems to get nervous.   "You think the Ivory Syndicate might be involved?" Orym questions and I sigh,   "They've got the power." Silence follows after as we eye the building. The stakes just shot sky-high. Everyone huddles and starts spitballing ideas. Eventually deciding to stake out the place. Ashton, Fearne, Laudna, and F.C.G. agree to head to the back. While Dorian, Imogen, Bertrand, Orym, and I all agree to lurk upfront. We all get into position, Dorian and Imogen stay by a cart with Orym. Intending to turn him invisible so he can sneak inside. Pulling out another apple, courtesy of Ashton, I relax a bit away from the trio. Biting down, I think about what to do.  'Run before you get fucked again?'  'Oh, there you are. Here I was, starting to think you were going to leave me alone.' The mask on my hip burns and actually stings me through the cloth. Hissing, I give the metal the stink eye. The iron cools after I quietly yelp and I roll my eyes.   'Dickhead.' Laughter fills my head as someone snorts, looking I see it's the black dragonborn.   "Sup," I nod to her and she nods back,   "What are you sitting around for?" Shrugging, I point to the fruit cart and then lift my apple,   "It's good fruit." She looks there and back to me. Before giving a nod.  "Fair prices too. I always get some for lunch." Humming, I smile and nod,   "Oh? Got any favorites around here?" The Dragonborn drops a few places. Including the place Imogen took us to. Biting into my apple I nod along.   "Don't eat the meat of the stew though." She gives the same warning Imogen had and I keep nodding,  "Noted." She seems eager to go and I give a thumbs up, "Have a good night." She nods and shows off some tickets,   "I will, I've got a show to catch. Highly recommend it if you can get there. Don't get shanked." She parts and I give a salute. Sitting against the wall, I eat my apple. That Dragonborn is clear, she's too invested in a healthy personal life and too disinterested in me to be worried.   'You just can't stealth for the life of you.' He chuckles and I frown,   'I'm in scale mail, fuck off.' There's a snort as his presence presses against my mind,  'Do you need me to take the lead puppy?' The mask feels cool against my skin. Rolling my eyes, I unclip it and put it on. The coolness of the mask feels wonderful against my skin. I can't help the shiver that runs through me as my world is consumed by darkness. My sight adjusts as stars and purple starts to fill my sight. Like the night sky has been captured and put inside it.   'There we go, and there goes the dwarf.' He hums seeing the world beyond the night sky. Having taken my vision for himself.   'Didn't see us?' My question is answered with a laugh,  'Didn't even blink. I know what I'm doing, Puppy. Trust me.' He reassures and a bit of time passes. While my senses are left floating in the astral. Boredom quickly starting to gnaw at me. There's only so long one can exists without experiencing anything.   'Ah, shit. Something's happening. Pup you're needed!' My world floods with light as he removes the mask. Wincing, I close my eyes and blindly clip my mask back to my hip. Hearing chaos as I see Imogen run past. Ah crap, bolting to my feet I race to Dorian. Whose remained frozen to the spot.  "What happened?" He's panicking and sputters,  "I- Idon't know! Orym is in, but Imogen and Bertrand raced after the gnome. She was being shady as hell!" Putting my hand on Dorian I squeeze,   "Hey, one thing at a time. Orym is in?" He looks at me and nods,  "Yes!"   "Good, breathe." He starts taking deep breaths still nodding,   "Does he have darkvision?" It's a passing thought. We probably should have discussed this earlier. Watching Dorian's eyes blow wide. My stomach drops as I wordlessly get my answer.   "Oh no." He starts to panic even more and I tap my foot,  ‘Come on Pup, use that quick wit of yours.’ Nodding, I shift in place and figure out what to do.  “Ok, no, we’ve got this. Run to the back and share what’s happening with the others. I’m going to try and help Orym. Tell Laudna to tell him the weird glowing is Shulkyr’s doing, and then I’ll follow the others. Ok?” He nods and we part with him racing to the rest. Rushing to the door I put my hand on it. Focusing on what little arcane talent I’ve got. Whispering a few words I’ve known since childhood. Casting Faerie lights just ahead of me. Probably lightly filling part of the room with glowing blue lights. Hopefully, that’ll help Orym see what he’s doing at least a little.    Despite what I told Dorian, panic is starting to set in. My form is quaking and the urge to bolt is rising. Wrapping my arms, I hug myself and focus on holding on. Clawing my arms through my leather gloves. The comforting cold bursts against my skin.  ‘Breathe Pup, it’s a good plan. Follow your plan, trust your gut.’ His usual snark is gone as the sudden cold clears my head. Pushing back the unwelcome urges and letting me think. Licking my lips, I head to where Imogen and the others had been hiding. Sniffing, I flare my nose catching onto the smell of Bertrand and his expensive brandy and Imogen and her books. Once I’ve caught onto it I start running. Following after the faint trail. All while hoping they don’t get themselves in a situation I can’t bail them out of. After all, I don’t think anyone else will be able to follow us if we get too far.   Breaking out of the alley, I’m greeted by a setting sun. Oh, this is not a good time. How late into the season was it again? If I lose daylight before I find them-. No, no, I don’t have time to panic about this. I have to follow after the other two. Getting another burst of speed, I chase after their scents. Hoping I get to them before they get into too much trouble.~•~  Following their trails, I eventually come to the Weary Way Tavern. Finding Imogen lingering outside of it. "Imogen."  She spins at my hiss as she watches me, "What are you doing you fool?"  "We were following Dannis, she was acting funny. She caught me, Bertrand is inside looking for her, but he's lost her." She whispers and I snarl,   "Are you stupid? You don't run off on your own!" She flinches as I scold her, taking a deep breath. Trying to rein in my growing anger. "I'm sorry, alright, I'm sorry. You just worried me." She looks ashamed as I shake my head.  "Stay here, if she saw you it's stupid for you to come in again. Tell Bertrand I'm going in. You were looking for the gnome?" She nods whispering her agreement,   "We'll reach out if we need you." She steps aside as I head inside. Flaring my nose and easily pinning the source to Bertrand. Rather than approaching him, I look around. There's quite a number in the tavern. Going to the bar I toss down some coins. Ordering a drink and taking it.  Moving to a table next to the door, I snarl. Clearing the table next to it of its performers. Sitting, I pretend to take a drink. 'Shulk, Bertrand said you're in, is everything ok? He said he lost her.'  'I'm fine, she's a gnome in a crowded tavern, of course, he lost her. Do not come inside. I can hear your unease.' Just as I scold Imogen again. My eyes catch sight of some pink. Narrowing my gaze, I see it's the skittish gnome. Sitting in an alcove clutching to a mug. Carefully working I subtly cast a spell. Trying to send her running. I watch her go pale and wide-eyed as she shakes. Before darting away and disappearing among people.  'She's moving, everyone leave. Now.' Shaking, I feel a chill come over me. Glancing out the window, I see the hints of the night coming. Panic starts clawing at me. 'Everyone go back to the group. We never should have split to begin with.'  'Alright, will you be coming, Shulk?'  'In a moment, too much movement is bad. Just go.' I watch as Bertrand leaves. Likely following Imogen's directions. I don't catch sight of Dannis again as I ache. Wincing as my head starts to pound. I-I need to go lie down. Abandoning my mug I stumble to my feet. My vision threatening to go out as I stumble somewhere quiet. I need quiet.~•~
   Party's P.O.V. 
  The duo returns to the party. Everyone meeting up again as they panic. Sharing what they discovered as Imogen and Bertrand arrive. During a conversation, Bertrand makes a sound. Which panics Ashton and F.C.G. as they race upfront.  "What the fuck was that!?" Ashton looks around and sees the pair.  "Oh, you're back. Where the fuck is the shady one?" Ashton asks, looking around for the drow. Not finding them among the pair. Or the rest of the group.  "Shulk ordered us to come back here. I-I don't think they followed us. They seemed- they were really upset with us." Imogen shares and they raises a brow,   "No shit, you totally fucked the plan and caused total panic. They've got every right to be pissed, but where are they?" Ashton presses and the pair look at each other. Shrugging and disappointing the genasi.  "Now where the fuck are they?" They roll their eyes.  This group is a train wreck. Even the experienced one has gone missing. But unlike dumb and dumber they didn't tell anyone where they're going. Before they can dig in further about their missing drow. Fearne walks inside the storage upon hearing Laudna call for them. Causing everyone else to usher inside.  Splitting the party, they snoop through the facility. Some going through the boxes. Others find an office and discover papers that have clearly been tampered with, some coin, and not much else. Then they regroup and discuss about what to do. Deciding to go see if they can catch Dannis. Ashton ensuring they trash the place before they leave. Upsetting Dorian and Imogen.  "Make it look like a robbery. It's always a good cover." They shrug when confronted and Fearne eagerly joins in the destruction. Until the room is left a mess. While the others watch and wait for them. Once the pair are satisfied they head out. Beginning to make their way to the Weary Way Tavern.  It's night now when they leave the alley. The navy sky glitters with stars, and a hauntingly large pair of full moons. It's a gorgeous sight so high. Moonlight silhouettes the party as they race through the city. Until they reach their destination.  Heading different ways to search for Dannis. No one finding her as they first enter. It isn't until Dorian sneaks his way to a group of prepping musicians. Asking if they had seen a gnome woman. While slyly offering a silver do they get a lead. When one person shares that they saw someone head upstairs fitting that description. Dorian beams and thanks them. Shaking their hand and subtely exchanging the silver.  Dorian all but races back to the others. Telling them what he found after a quick misunderstanding with Fearne. Ashton downs his drink and heads outside. Corralling the rest together as Fearne starts to head upstairs without them.  "I don't know, I'm worried." Imogen whispers catching Dorian's attention,  "About?" He pries and she looks around. Trying to find a head of violet hair. Not spotting the drow anywhere.  "We left Shulkyr here, but it seems like they didn't follow us back. I- I don't know where they've gone." She explains and Ashton hushes them.  "Hey, hey, Shulkyr should be fine alright. They know what they're doing. Let's focus on this for now. If they're still missing we can go searching. But one thing at a time." They reassure the party, focusing their minds on the task at hand.  Imogen hesitates, before nodding along. The party dips back inside. F.C.G. and Imogen going upstairs, taking the lead and slowly moving down the hall. Using detect thoughts to search for Dannis. Finding no thoughts in some rooms, something primal in others, and some others unknown. Until they come across a room filled with minds. Including the familiar pattern of Dannis.  Orym kneels by the door. Listening to the voices he can hear. "Alright, I don't have really much else to say. An old man started coming round asking question for deliveries.-"  It's clearly Dannis talking to someone. She's cut off by a hissing voice. It's an ominous interaction before Orym hears choking. He tries to kick the door in. Which causes the party to rush. Ashton tries to bash in the door, but the odd angle causes their hammer to glance off. He curses as a roar comes from inside the room. Followed by shouts of panic.   Fearne knocks as the pair on each side of tag team the door. "I brought room service."  They destroy the door together. Imogen is the first to race in, intending to try and aid Dannis. Only at first glance no one is there. Only a window that's been shattered leading to a balcony. Blood splatters covers part of the room. Ashton runs in and strikes the first thing they see. Which happens to, yet again, be a table.  "Oh interesting, I wasn't expecting other visitors." A pale, sunken-faced and greasy almost dwarven humanoid is crouched on a desk in the corner. Locking eyes with the genasi. Ashton snarls at him ready for a fight. There's another screech and the sound of tearing, but it seems to be coming from outside.   Dorian bolts inside having a quick shout at Ashton. Before the blood thirsty barbarian points out the cloaked dwarven figure. In panic the bard fumbles with his hand axe. Throwing it as the stranger's head slides to the side. Easily dodging the projectile. Dorian steps back unknowing of any other presence in the room.   Laudna shouts to Imogen asking about shadow creepers. Before she races inside. Throwing a hex on the dwarf as she notices him. Before casting a spell. Slinging black liquid as a spectral skeleton hand appears from behind the dwarf. Grabbing him and trying to slam his head back into the wall. The creepy pair face off, hissing at one another.  Fearne steps inside peeking around. Spotting the dwarven figure. "Oh, ok." She perks up as he grins at her. She summons an ice knife. She throws it at him and he throws his cloak up. Revealing a long rapier and dagger underneath. The dwarf parries the knife. Shattering it against the wall.  "You bitch." Fearne frowns as her ears flatten. This isn't going to end well. She shifts to tuck against the wall.   Bertrand heaves as he barrels into the hallway. Gasping for breath as he nearly collapses. Shouting for the rest to wait for him. He isn't as young as he used to be!  Orym dives inside, rolling between Imogen's legs. Juking left and trying to strike the rapier out of the figure's hand. It clangs as he manages to force the rapier out of the dwarf's grip. Slashing his wrist and attempting to do the same with their dagger. Before the dwarf catches and parries the blade. "It's you and me."  Leaping down the figure grabs their weapon. Arming himself and grinning, "Fine, it's us." He lashes out in a whirlwind of blades. Managing to impact Orym three times. Before trying to slink away.  "Oh, you are not!" Ashton charges, phantom versions of themself phasing in and out from their form. They shoulder check the wall. Hitting the dwarf on the back swing of their hammer. Slamming into the dwarf's chest. Though he shifts, managing to redirect a large amount of the impact into his armor.  "I'm gonna liquefy you." Ashton growls and the dwarf cackles,  "I like your gumption!" He hisses as Imogen focuses. Trying to focus the whispers of all the mind downstairs into his mind. Managing to make him wince at the bombardment. Before he shakes it off.  "Children." The dwarf calls and the sound of skittering fills the room. Some small unknown monsters cloaked in tattered materials appear. Slinking out from under the furniture.  The sudden swarm assaults the party. Overwhelming them with sheer number. Attacking with teeth and claws. Some even swing weapons. One leaps onto Laudna's back, tearing into her. Another manages to assault Fearne, and during that chaos Orym gets taken down.   F.C.G. rolls into the room, "Well smiley day everybody! How's it going-?"  "Situation!" Ashton shouts, "Situation, Situation!" They cut off the robot before focusing on not getting mauled. F.C.G. jumps into action. Healing Orym out of harm's way with the last they have. Out of spells and startled. The robot tries to search for Dannis. Unable to spot her in the conflict. Another roar fills the air and cracking follows it.  "Damnit, not again!" The dwarf curses as a massive figure lurches over the balcony. Lumbering into the room with unnatural speed for its size. Bloodied and snarling, a dark furred beast with glowing eyes lunges at the first thing it sees. One of the small creatures which had the misfortune of having its back to the beast's entrance.  It's maw opens as it snaps the small creature into its mouth. Tossing it around and tearing into it. Splattering itself in blood and gore. Before throwing it into the wall. The cloaked horror tries to hide under the cabinet. But what remains of it's form is caught by claws as it's torn into and finished. Shouts fill the room in shock and horror.   "Oh my gods!" Dorian cries before hearing Laudna screech. Still being assaulted with one on her back. The genasi races to her aid, managing to carve it in two.   "They're squishy, they're very squishy!" He cheers much more at ease with their large numbers. Before hearing a growl as the lumbering beast rears back. Focusing on him after having finished its first victim. "But I really doubt that one is!"  Panicked, he pats Laudna, "Get'em!" He empowers her and she looks at the hulking beast before her.  "Are you-? Are you friendly?" She asks up to the creature,  "Why would you think it's friendly!?" Dorian hisses and Laudna shrugs,  "Oh well, the dwarf doesn't seem to like them. That seemed good to me." She grins, making Dorian's skin crawl with her odd delight,  "That actually sounds very good." Fearne agrees overhearing the pair,  "Hello, it's nice to meet you big scary wolf man. I'm Fearne." She introduces herself and Dorian sputters.   "What is going on?!" He cries as Laudna licks the ichor off her back. Cracking and changing shape as she takes on her form of dread. Based on her odd logic, she spins. Deciding to focus her wrath on the dwarf instead of the beast. Firing off an eldritch blast.  Managing to hit home and striking an unnatural fear into the rouge. Fearne decides to follow her lead. Transforming into a massive bright green snake with yellow swirls and red eyes. Hissing at the cloaked thing closest to her. Which snarls back at her.   Still heaving, Bertrand finally comes into the room. "Save some for me! I'm coming to- Fucking snake!" He shouts startled by the serpant.  "That's the first thing you notice!?" Dorian shouts and the old man looks at him. Seeing Laudna flanked by the bloodied canine figure.  "That's a wolf! That's a big wolf on two legs, my gods that's a werewolf!" He shouts as the beast's glowing eyes focus on him. Flashing fangs that startle him.  "Right, I'm sure you've got that under control! I'll uh-" He sees Imogen being harassed. Before racing to her aid. Slashing at the imp and impaling it. It hisses from the end of his rapier. Bertrand shouts and slaps it into the floor. Splattering it in two with a cry as it bursts into ash. Scorching a few around them.  Orym awakens to the chaos. Groaning as he leaps to his feet. Jaw dropping as he takes in everything. "Ok, is that thing on our side?"  "I think it is!?" Dorian answers chuckling nervously,  "Oh, ok, uh- Good dog?" Orym stumbles and the wolf's attention turns to him. Fangs back in its mouth. It tilts its head with a loud whine. The long tail patting the wood with heavy thumps. Resembling an oversized puppy in response. Orym nods, deciding to deal with that later.  Focusing back on the fight. He slashes at the small creature in front of him. Stabbing it in the back. Causing it to gurgle and hiss at him.  The dwarf panics and throws out it's hand, "Children!"   Ashton's eyes narrow as he slams his hammer into the ground. Seeming to cast something on the dwarf. Who glares yet still manages to set off the spell. Flooding half of the room in magical darkness.  Laudna gasps, making a face, "You bitch. You cowardly little bitch!"  Ashton blindly swings, planning to hit where they knew the dwarf last to be. Only to impact as they rear their weapon back. Ashton hears hissing and curses. Racing full speed out of the darkness. Taking a swipe from two unknown figures. Stumbling out of the darkness. They end up face first with the hulking canine figure.    "Oh, holy shit, hello." They breathe as the wolf looks down at them. Licking its muzzle and flaring its nose. Imogen races towards the magical darkness. Grabbing onto the creature attacking Fearne. Shocking it with a blast of lightning.  There's skittering as the remaining 'children' rush. Two lunge for Orym out of the darkness. While the one Imogen attacked back slashes her. F.C.G. shouts providing their aid to her. Taking the impact for her.  The one that raced after the fleeing Ashton leaps from the darkness. Though they side step it with a shout. "Nope!"  F.C.G. shoots their grapple canon. Managing to grab the one next to them. Impaling it on the end of their grappling arm. Causing it to burst into ash. Scorching the robot who yelps.  The wolf licks it's maw. Staring down at the creature that had landed at its feet. After attempting to strike at Ashton. The creeper yelps, trying to flee only to be snapped up. Before being chewed and swallowed. Ashton lets out a sound that's a mix of disgust and morbid enjoyment.  "Damn you're strong, now if we can just get that dwarf bastard." The wolf's ear flicks at his words. Turning its head to the darkness, it snorts, and charges into the dark. Letting out a guttural sound before vanishing.  "I don't know where the fuck that thing came from, but I like them!" Ashton shouts, laughing as they all look to the darkness. Most of the children are done. But any that remain are hidden in the darkness.  "I know! They're so sweet. Really helped clean up. Now what do we do about- this?" Laudna waves to the magical darkness.   "With that dwarf in there, it isn't safe." She grumbles as Fearne moves. Slithering into the darkness. Sensing the presence around her. Trying to strike at what she senses. Not managing to sink her fangs into anything.  Bertrand runs to the darkness blindly swinging. Managing to sink his blade into Dorian. Unfortunately. The two bicker as Bertrand tries to back out. Thought not before Dorian gives him a back hand that manages to overcome the sound of combat. Everyone is staring at the source as Bertrand stumbles out. Bright red palm mark imprinting the side of his face. Pointing into the darkness he stumbles, "Dorian is over there!"   Orym looks around the darkness confused. Before doing what he can. Slicing his blade through the dark. Managing to ash one of the creatures. Barely avoiding the burst of flame.   "Does anyone have healing? I'm not feeling good over here?!" Ashton announces, stumbling back.   "Fuck, that darkness is a death trap." They race around the darkness. Finding the cluster of their companions.  "Be careful! The wolf's in there. Don't get fucking eaten!" They warn as Imogen races into the darkness. Some time after a low bassy sound fills the air. The smell of burning filling everyone's noses. Orym faces off with one creature. Barely standing as it tears into him.   "I-What do we do guys? This is- this is a problem!" F.C.G. rolls to the edge of the darkness. Before a cupboard catches their attention. They search through it, but don't find anything good. The party stiffens as they hear sniffing and a snort. Orym yelps as the creature is yanked off of him. Disappearing as the sounds of flesh tearing fill the air.   "Uh- Right! G-Good dog!" He shouts, not able to see the wolf. Though he does hear a happy bark from the darkness. Dorian stares at the darkness his jaw dropped. Even as he leans over and heals Orym. Empowering him while he's at it.  Laudna finally wanders towards the darkness. Trying to peer in before sighing. "A shadow that doesn't like me." She starts weaving black ooze forming between her hands. The snake slithers further into the dark. Passing the massive wolf as she goes. Managing to find a familiar creature in the darkness. Licking her tongue over Imogen's skin. Startling the purple haired woman.   "Fearne, gods I hope that's you." She says before she remembers something. "I think there was a door over here!" She stumbles through the darkness. Exciting it and entering a side room with an open window. She tries to search for the dwarf, racing to this rooms balcony, but he's gone.  Laudna runs onto the other balcony. Only seeing Imogen as she searches. They wave to each other as they hear more snorts. Out from the darkness the canine figure growls. "Hey big guy, what's up-?" Imogen nervously chuckles at the werewolf.  The Wolf just snorts snd leaps out the balcony past Laudna. Dropping into the alleyway and racing off. The girls shout getting the halfling's attention.  "I'm following the wolf!" Orym announces, leaping out of the balcony after them. Leaving the rest to investigate the room. Eventually finding the body of Dannis.  Orym looks around into the night. He had tried to follow deeper into alley. Only to hit a dead end. He searches still clinging to his sword and shield. Yet he fails to find any sign of the dwarf or the wolf. Somehow both have vanished from sight. He sighs as he uses his boots to leap back onto the balcony. Rejoining the others just in time to spot Dorian wrapping a cloak around Dannis.  "The wolf and the dwarf are gone." Orym sighs and shakes his head. Dorian apologies to him, trying to make him feel better.  The party gather trying to figure out what to do next. Discussing what happened and what to do with Dannis. Laudna, discreetly, searches the gnome. Finding coin, keys to the warehouse, but nothing else.   "I think we have another worry by the way." Dorian gets everyone's attention,  "That was a werewolf. Are they also a problem in this town? Like the Shadow Creeper's or-?" He asks, looking at the residents of the town. Ashton, Laudna, and Imogen all shrug in response.  "No, not as far as I know, but we need to go. We've got to fucking go." Ashton insists, grabbing the wrapped up body of Dannis. Everyone flees off the balcony. Disappearing into the moonlit night. Trekking towards the core spire and Lord Esterhross estate.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  It's a long, somber walk back to the manor, and it's Bertrand who knocks, announcing their arrival. They all wait for Evelyn to open the door. Which drags on forever. Until the elven woman appears. She's groggy, yet one look across the group tells her all she needs to know. "I know it's late, but We-' we need to speak to Esterhross." Bertrand apologies and she nods,  "Of course, follow me." Evelyn leads them inside. Taking everyone to a dining room and leaving them to fetch Lord Esterhross. The orc isn't too awake even when he arrives. Settling down is chair before looking everyone. Taking in their grim looks and the overall atmosphere.  "I take it, things did not end well?" He prompts and the party sighs,  Informing Lord Eshteross of what had transpired. Showing the long cold body of Dannis. Which unsettles the elven maid. She backs away with a quiet gasp. Unable to keep her gaze on the gnome. Eshteross himself barely bats an eye at the kill.  "It is unfortunate-" His eyes scan the group as he frowns, "-Especially since it seems you've lost one of your number."  The group nearly jumps realizing he's referring to the blood hunter. It's Imogen who steps up. Nervous as she starts attempting to explain their absence. Only finding her tongue as Laudna puts a hand on her shoulder, "Um- Shulkyr ended up going missing in the chaos. They- I made the mistake of leaving them alone and they vanished."  "They're not dead." Ashton butts in, "They're too stubborn for that, but they probably got into some trouble. The last place we saw them was the inn."  "Agreed, I really don't feel they would go down quietly." Dorian nods and rubs his neck, others pipe with their thoughts. Fearne suggesting maybe the dwarf killed them after Bertrand and Imogen left them. Which makes the rest, and especially Bertrand and Imogen, frown and grumble. Their disappearance is one of many off occurrences from the night. The talk of mysteries causing the halfling to remember something rather important.  "Actually uh-" Orym steps up next to question the lord, "-During the fight, the crawlers were one weird thing and you guys said they're pests. But there was also a werewolf?" His words do seem to surprise the orc. Who sits back with knitted brows. Listening with a sudden intensity that's fairly worrying to the halfling.  "A lycanthrope you say?"   "Oh fuck, right. I barely got to see them and got distracted." Ashton hisses and the others all jump. Recalling the werewolf helping them. Before chasing after the dwarf. It sends the orc deep into thought as he hums.  "That is deeply concerning." He agrees and Fearne leans in,   "I take it they're not normal here then?" She questions and he gives a grim nod,  "No, I'm afraid not. Bearers of that curse usually hide far from society in any capacity. Seeing one on the Spires. It is something of note." He explains and taps his staff.  "I will look into both these matters. You did well to take on such an increasingly dangerous challenge. I feel the need to celebrate." He shares and goes to grab a cake he had made. Which turns out to be a carrot cake. He proudly presents it, splitting the creation between the party. Some jokes and relaxation ensue of course. All of them putting aside the night's failings to focus on what success they managed. Complimenting the orc on his baking skills. Though some are clearly lying, causing Esterhross to fluster. After finishing they eventually leave the manor to drink and rest at the Spire By Fire.  During the stroll, Imogen can't help trying to keep an eye out for Shulkyr. Including when they slip inside the inn. Discovering the drow is nowhere to be found. It manages to lower her mood just a bit. Worry and guilt gnawing at her conscious.  The others carry her along with their cheer. Eventually settling down, drinking and eating and cracking jokes. Before the discussion turns to sharing what some are capable of. Jokes that lead to Fearne revealing she can heal, and likely likes Ashton the best of the group. Which does wound the pride of Dorian and Orym. Before everyone talks about what they're going to do next. Where some plan to rest among other things. Spending time well into the night before some start turning in.  Ashton and F.C.G are the first to leave. Heading back to the krook house for the night. With the barbarian knocking on Milo's door. Throwing a bag of gold at their face. Causing them to shout and get a bloody nose. Though their tone changes when they realize what Ashton threw at them. "Holy shit." Ashton beams and tells them it's a good gig and Milo nods,  Once the glee settles down. Ashton gets serious and asks Milo to investigate Lord Eshteross. Worried about what could happen. Milo is quick to agree. Giving the genasi a worried look. Checking in if 'she' has come around. Which seems to unsettle the barbarian. Who promises that no she hasn't shown up. It gets awkward and the friends part with one last jab. Trying in vain to break the tension.  Ashton leaves Milo be and takes the time to find a place to lose their stomach. Head pounding with their ever-present migraine. F.C.G. rolls over and watches over their friend. Patting the genasi's back unsure how to help. Once Ashton has lost everything they stumble to their feet. The pair slowly making it to Ashton's room. The barbarian slips inside and proceeds to drop dead in the quiet of the krook house. F.C.G. closes the door and wishes their friend a good stasis. Before getting comfortable in the corner and quietly shutting down for the night.    In the Spire By Fire, Bertrand buys another round once the barbarian is gone. In retaliation for downing his drink before handing it to him. Imogen and Laudna leave the party next. Informing the trio where to meet in the morning. Saying goodbye to Bertrand before they go. Having a quick discussion about their newfound connection. Which puts a small smile on Imogen's face before they're gone.  It's Dorian who keeps the joy of the night going. Asking the older man what kind of music he likes. Leading to Bertrand again blowing up his tastes to impress. Before stating he doesn't like jazz. Which deeply upsets the Satyr across from him. Dorian chuckles and begins to play for the fighter. Offering to write a song about him. Which causes an amusing back and forth between the pair.  Fearne is the next to fall. Wanting to go to bed and remove the liqour from her hair. Though she does pause at the bar. Buying another drink for Bertrand before turning in for the night. Bertrand downs the drink, drinking himself into a stupor. Causing the other two to shake their heads. Grinning happily at his boisterous state.   Orym is the next who goes to rest his head. Pausing to ask Bertrand if he needs help getting upstairs. Only for him to state he needs to see the sunrise. It's an urge that has struck deep in him. Orym just nods and wishes Bertrand and Dorian good night. Heading upstairs to fall asleep.  The remaining pair continue to drink. With Bertrand buying another round for a random group. The old man gets sappy as he drowns in more drink. Before drunkenly sharing his feelings on this group with Dorian. How special he believes it to be. Which puts a smile on Dorian's face.  Bertrand decides to go on a walk outside. Dorian tries to disway him from such an early walk. Yet Bertrand dismisses his worries. Eventually, the elder man manages to send Dorian away. Encouraging him to go to bed. Leaving the fighter alone, drunk and giddy. Bertrand heads out for a stroll into the night. Staggering out of the Spire By Fire.  Blissfully unaware of the two bloody shadows that have been chasing one another through the spires. Even when one sets their gaze on him. While the other chases, too far now to change the string. Which is pulled taunt to their raven blessed gaze.~•~  Imogen opens her eyes to her hometown. She enjoys the breeze and spots her favorite mare. Who trots over to her and let's her pet her mane. The dream is oddly peaceful from what she's used to. So she enjoys the emerald grass and the calmness of it. Not realizing how short lived it will be.   The smell of rain hits Imogen's tongue, and a fierce cold wind billows through her dream. Dark clouds begin to bleed into the sky. Turning the clear blue into a sickening red hue. She spins at the crack of thunder. The redness reaching out for her. The horror hits her full force as a familiar voice tells her to flee. She races away to the home she called sanctuary. Barely reaching it and ripping open the door. Imogen feels something tug at her, willing her to see what's happening despite her better judgment.  She spots an elderly figure. Looming where she had once stood. He straightens revealing an older refined man. Looking eerily calm as he stares into the storm. Before striding into the tempest and vanishing. Consumed.~•~  "Lieve'tel." The faint cry draws a towering fanged figure to an alleyway. The crash of their weight from above sends the dark figure, still brandishing a bloodied blade, into the shadows. The wolf snarls and makes to chase its prey. Only stopped by the scent of iron as the taut string snaps. The effect causes their form to shiver and for just a moment. Clearing the will of the beast from their mind. Causing clear eyes to focus on the fallen form. Their ears and tail fall as a whine escapes their throat.    The vaguest recognition registers as a massive clawed hand reaches out. Closing the eyes of the elder man. Seconds pass as they mourn. Before the thrum of the snap fades. Causing the beast's haze to settle back into place. Anger swelling in their chest. Turning primal as they spin onto the darkness. Throwing themself into the shadows. After the fleeing figure who reeks now of iron and death. ~•~  Imogen awakens in a fright, getting Laudna's attention. The pair converse about her nightmare. The warlock attempting to ease her concerns. Which falls flat despite Laudna's best efforts. She perks up and starts helping Imogen get dressed. Deciding the best way to ease Imogen's worry. Would be to go search for Bertrand. Dressed and slightly more awake. They make their way to the Spire By Fire.  Finding the group is no longer downstairs. Merrily drinking the night away. After asking around and getting nothing. They eventually head upstairs and wake Orym, Fearne, and Dorian in the process. The duo struggle to explain why they're here. Which doesn't quite make sense to the others, but they agree to help the girls nonetheless. Orym leads them to the room Bertrand had meant to stay in. Knocking on door brought no response. Some more knocking with no response, and Orym leans into the door. Not hearing any snoring or any other sounds. Panic and worry set in. So he breaks into the room. Only to find no signs Bertrand, or anyone for that matter, was even here.   That sends the group scrambling. Everyone gathers their things to go searching. Quickly leaving the tavern and stepping out into the late night. Imogen summons three flickers of purple lightning to look around. Before everyone starts to scour for Bertrand. Searching through alleyways and investigating every corner and figure. It's almost an hour into their search. When some realize their search may carry on into the dawn.  They start considering he may be with someone. When they pass an alley and a collapsed figure catches Orym's eye. Blade drawn the halfling sneaks closer. His heart beating rapidly, growing in intensity as he identifies the unmoving body of Bertrand. Imogen's lights reveal the wounds and pool of blood. The group discover his expression has settled into a serene smile with his eyes closed.  Dorian rushes over in an attempt to aid his companion. His healing doing nothing to help the long cold body. Panic and shock begins to settle on Imogen. While Fearne begins to loot Bertrand's body.  "Oh, gods," Horror paints her features as thoughts race through her mind. The whispering grows intense. Only soothed by Laudna embracing her. Gently hushing her as the others continue to investigate.  Orym searches for any sign of the attacker. Finding blood that trails deeper into the alley. Only one is vaguely a shape, massive and almost paw-like. His eyes grow in horror as he races back to Bertrand. Checking the wounds to match them to the marks. Only he easily identifies the six injures as stab wounds. Rapier wounds, matching the ones in his own form. Not the bite and claw marks he had originally expected. It draws the connections in his mind to the pale dwarf they had fought earlier in the evening.   "Are you getting anything?" Fearne checks with the halfling. Whose head falls, grim and solemn.   "He came back to finish the job." Dread sinks into all of them. Even as Orym looks deeper into the alley. "He's being chased. There's a paw mark, our werewolf was still after him. For a moment I thought maybe they-" He sucks in a deep breath. Barely resisting the oncoming grief. Mourning the man he barely trusted and knew.    "-The wounds are the dwarf's. He killed Bell. The wolf just showed up after."  "How do you know he didn't get caught up in their fight?" Laudna questions and Orym looks around,   "There's no sign of one. Nothing destroyed, no other blood. This was quick. Fights aren't quick." Silence falls over the party. Before they decide what to do. Fearne tries to argue, maybe not to move him. Before even the morally questionable fey realizes how bad that sounds. They all agree to take him to Lord Eshteross's manor. While Fearne starts to sort through what she found on Bertrand. Handing a peanut to Laudna.   When they arrive, Evelynn opens the door. Pausing mid-sentence when she sees Bertrand. Then she just silently leads the party inside the manor. Having them settle in the study. Before going to fetch Lord Eshteross.  They lay Bertrand down on a rug while waiting for the orc. Fearne lighting a fire in the fireplace. Filling the room with light. Everyone settles and begins their wait. When the orc arrives they begin to converse. Esterhross seems even more grim at the sight of Bell's pale form.  "We had no other contact. You were the only we know who knew him." Laudna states and Orym nods,   "This was an entanglement that came from the job we did for you." His voice is still somber and grim. Guilt gnawing at the small warrior.  "This is greatly unfortunate." He's somber even as Laudna asks what he thinks. His confession that he's trying to figure out whether or not this is tied to their assignment. Or something from Bertrand's past come to haunt him. That seems to spark something in the group.  "No, I don't think so. Our friend here found something." Dorian counters the suggestion looking to Orym who nods,   "The person we all tangled with found him later in the same day. Like it was nothing. Who's to say they're not going to find you?" Imogen nods along with Orym's question,   "Or any of us?" She adds and they all give the orc their attention. Waiting to hear what he has to say.   "Well- In that case. It would do all of you well to not travel alone." His words have Imogen shifting on her feet. Mind turning back to their other companion. Who's been missing for too long, and in the very place they encountered the dwarf. Did Shulkyr go off on their own? Are they lying dead somewhere just like Bertrand?  "In fact, I would recommend as much of your group as possible, and I would perhaps find the other three as soon as possible. Let them know that we do not know what sort of danger they are in." The orc advises them. Before Orym asks if they can stay the night. Tensions rise as Laudna tries to dig into Lord Eshteross's possible enemies. Trying to piece together why he would have been harmed. Orym pushes it and the orc confesses his feelings on the matter. Before turning their attention on what to do with Bertrand.   The orc gives the party a chance to back down, and it is Fearne who speaks up first. "I kind of want to see the end of this thread. Since we've kind of pulled on it a bit. See where it goes." The others follow suit and agree to continue. All wanting to see this to the end in memory of the fallen man. Eshteross offers his manor to the party. Deciding taverns are not safe for them whole their enemy is at large.  "We should go get Ashton and letters." Orym decides and everyone discusses where they could be. Eventually deciding to wait until dawn to meet them. Lord Eshteross returns Bertrand his cane. Before leaving the party to their devices.  Each takes their turn to mourn. Fearne takes the time to reassure Dorian. Imogen tries in vain to reach the man's mind. Failing and pulling back from him. Heading to Laudna who comforts her. Pulling the other woman into an embrace. Promising that they'll figure this out. Speaking about Imogen's abilities in light. The night carries on, conversation and unease passing through the party. Weighing them down with the sudden loss and fear. Who are they going to find dead next? Are they going to be able to find the man who killed Bertrand? Were they followed here? Haunted by those questions they settle for what little remains of the night.~•~  Ashton and F.C.G wake up to Annie who they chatter with. Handing her another half of their gold. Before heading out to meet the rest. Buying food for the others on the way. The earth genasi is in a shockingly good mood. Even as they keep an eye open for a certain drow.  "Do you think Mrs. Shulk will reappear? Imogen seemed rather worried about them." F.C.G asks his companion as they carry on through the Spires.  "Who knows, they fucked off. We don't even know where to look for them." They look around,   "True, maybe one of your friends could help find them?" F.C.G. suggests and Ashton shrugs,   "Maybe. Let's make sure they didn't meet up with the others first." Ashton calms them down. Waiting for the party as they arrive at the meeting spot. Chatting away before everyone else appears. One quick scan tells the duo Shulkyr is still missing. Ashton is rather happy until Laudna blurts out Bertrand is gone.  The group lets the duo in on what happened the night before. Including the dream Imogen had. F.C.G. gently checks on everyone's state of mind. Ashton's rather blunt even as he eats. "I want to go back to the hole." Dorian decides and Imogen is quick to agree,   "I'd like to look for Shulkyr there too." She agrees and they all nod,   "Alright, agreed." Everyone heads back to The Weary Way inn. Laudna checking the balcony for tampering or signs of the dwarf. Before coming up empty handed and returning to the rest. Shaking her head when asked if she found anything. With nothing else to do. They head inside spotting the female half-orc that runs the tavern. But instead of cleaning glasses or tables, or serving food and drink. She's tending to the injuries of a familiar face.  "Shulkyr!" Imogen cries in horror, racing over to the booth the drow is slouched in.   "Oh, lookie here. Friends of yours?" The half-orc asks, the drow barely manages to lift their head. Taking note of their companions.   Imogen looks her friend over. Seeing they're full of wounds. Their torso is completely wrapped. The half-orc was just wrapping up their right arm. Which has holes resembling stellato wounds. The rest race over.  "Shulk, gods what happened to you!?" Dorian cries at the barely conscious elf,   "Fucking hells, who wrecked your shit?!" Ashton shouts and they watch Shulkyr wince, "Fuck sorry." They lower their voice with an apologetic look,   "Better be- This one is in no state to be getting an earful." The half-orc scolds the genasi giving him the stink eye,   "Found them staggering through the street. Collapsed and started bleeding out on my doorstep. Lucky for them, I still had some sober guards cause of the noise last night. They rushed over and helped carry this one inside. Two more ran off yelling at some figure. Probably whoever put them in this sorry state!" The bar keep shares which startles the entire group. Imogen in particular turns pale as a sheet. Holding onto Shulkyr's bloodied hand. Their chest is just barely rising and it terrified her.   'Shulk? Did you run into him too?' The other's mind is clouded, yet they seem to register Imogen's prodding.  'Him?' She shivers at the pain that registers even through mental conversation,   'Shit right, you weren't there. There was a dwarf we fought. He killed Dannis and he- he killed Bertrand. I was so worried he got you too.' Her thoughts are scattered as she tries to tell the drow what happened. But their mind is so hazed in pain and exhaustion it feels like her words aren't registering to them. The others have been talking to the barkeep. Getting her name and information on what happened.  "I'd hate to move them right now." Orym looks Shulkyr over, "It feels like they'll faint if we jostle them." He voices his concern and Imogen nods,   "I'm sorry if this is a bother, but can we keep them here? I'm worried-" Imogen starts and the barkeep barks,   "Course I never intended to move'em to begin with. Ya mad? It would have defeated the point of patching'em up." She looks across the group,   "You said you'll be looking for another place to rest until the room is free. Will any of you be staying with them?" She checks and the party looks around,  "I can!" F.C.G offers,  "No." The hoarse growl startles the group. They all look at the bleeding drow.  "Oh, finally found your voice?" The half-orc grins at them,   "You're the healer. You do not. Leave. The. Party." They choke on their snarled words. Dark blood bubbling from their mouth. Dorian panics and tells them to hold still. Gently moving Imogen out of the way. Before laying his hands on Shulkyr. Casting a quick heal to patch up whatever internal damage they've suffered.   "Oh, my apologies. I just wanted to-" F.C.G. stutters as they see the enraged glare being shot their way. Their seething rage is painfully evident. Managing to silence the tiny robot. Ashton raises a brow at that. Though they resist the urge to prod at the source of that anger.  "No need to say sorry, they're in a bitchy mood. Not that I blame you for it. You got tossed around pretty bad." Ashton shrugs and they've turned that glare on him now,   "If you're gonna be a bitch about it. I think we'll leave them to sulk for a bit." Ashton jokes which earns them a flash of white and bloodied teeth. They don't stand down though. Flashing their duller line of teeth in turn. Throwing a growl into it for good measure.  "Hey, don't go biting at my straggler here." The half orc hits Ashton's shoulder, "I find'em rather charming." That earns a snort from both of the snarling pair. Which makes her laugh in turn.  "Go on and do whatever then. I'll keep this one company til they're good to move without keeling over." The party, albeit hesitantly, start to go. Needing to figure out what to do next. Imogen takes a moment to send one last quick message to the drow.  'We'll be back, alright?' She gets no response beyond a fogged feeling. Which only cements her concern. What happened to you last night, Shulk? 
  
    Chapter Text
    
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  Everyone heads out, slipping around the tavern to sneak into the room. Using Dorian's boots to get up as needed. Investigating anything they might have missed in the chaos. It's a long process as they investigate the rooftops, the room, and eventually go to check the hole the Creeper's came through. It's not a surprise when only Orym is able to slip inside the crack. Joined by a wild shaped Fearne who takes on a familiar snake form.   F.C.G. even gifts Orym with his magic coin to help keep him safe. Before the halfling gets ready to go down. The group tie a rope around Orym with Ashton holding onto the other end for good measure. Satisfied, they send the halfling and druid back into the wall. The duo slipping into the dimly lit space. The pair make it decently deep into tunnels that thankfully widened as they went. The walls etched with claw marks that show it's a well traveled passage.   Orym looks down into the darkness where the tunnel drops. Deciding to use the coin that had been gifted to him. He removes it and tries to use the light to see further down. Yet all he can see a drop with no defining features. Fearne hisses and gives Orym a curious look.  "Ok, let's try this." Since he's unable to tell how far the drop would be on his own. He releases the coin and wait for it to stop. He watches and it falls, and it falls, and the pair watch the coin vanish left. It's quite some time before they finally hear the clink. The enchantment of the coin informs them both that it fell over two thousand feet below. Orym turns pale and Fearne hisses.   "Ok, let's not go that way." Orym swallows, taking a moment to look around. When he can't find anything else in the oppressing darkness. He reaches out to Imogen. Saying he needs Ashton to pull them back, and it takes little effort on the genasi's part to pull the pair back. Until the duo are freed from the tunnels.   Fearne shifts back and they share what they found. Which unfortunately doesn't seem to help much at all. They're attempts to focus on what's next is paused by a quick side track. Orym trying to give F.C.G. two hundred gold out of guilt for losing his beloved coin. The automaton refuses until Ashton ends up taking it. Though it doesn't assuage the halfling's guilt by very much.  Fleeing the room they all discuss what to do next. Eventually deciding to see if they can get the name of who rented the room. Which leads to all of them immediately deciding to steal the logbook. Until Ashton mentions they could just bribe the inn keep. Which leads to a lot of blank stares their way.  "D-Does no one bribe anymore? Is that just a thing that fell out of fashion?" Ashton seems baffled, wishing Shulkyr was here to back them up. They totally would, cops bribe all the time, right?  Orym drags them out of their head by suggesting Ashton show them how. Since no one else seems to know. Which causes Ashton to brighten up. Surprised by being made 'the face'. They take a moment to remember what the innkeep thinks of them. Hoping they didn't do anything too bad. They're pretty sure they're fine! More sure than they are about others at least. Ashton nods and deciding, yeah, they can do this!  "What room was this in?" The group recollect it was room ten. Sending Ashton inside, they head straight to the bar.  Spotting the matron chatting to a still drowsy drow. Somehow she's gotten food in front of them. Which the drow seems to have enjoyed. Along with a half empty glass of water. Ashton gives them a glance over. Realizing they already seem noticeably better. Did they get some medicine or something?  Once the Matron notices them sitting at the bar she nods. Saying something to the drow who barely nods their head in acknowledgment. With that the matron comes over to Ashton. Wearing a curious grin.  "You're back fast. Didn't feel like leaving them alone after all eh?" Ashton snorts and waves their hand,  "Ah, no. They're a bastard, but they're our bastard." The Matron smiles at that and Ashton turns to her, "I also have a favor to ask you ah- Kamal right?"  "Kamala." The Matron corrects and Ashton nods,  "Kamala, Kamala. Sorry I'm usually really- a little drunk when I'm here." Ashton's quick to correct themself,  "Mhmm." The Matron nods with a knowing look,  Ashton fumbles as they try to, not very discreetly, attempt to bribe the matron. Mentioning how they and their crew got jumped. That culprit may very well be the guy renting, and they'd like to make sure any talk with them happens as far from the tavern as possible. The genasi follows that with sliding ten gold to the gruff woman. Who does attempt to refute for a moment. Her eyes flicking to the coin and back. Before Ashton slides another ten and presses their point.  "They hurt my people real bad," They nod their head towards the drow, "Real bad. They're one of my guys who got off easy." The Matron eyes the drow. Clearly thinking about what to do. Before deciding to take the bribe. Sharing that the room in question was being rented for about a month on and off by a 'Dugger.'  "Appreciated Kamala. We'll make sure our business doesn't bother yours." The genasi is barely resisting beaming. Before they get up, skipping over to the drow.  "Hey, we're gonna be heading out. You good?" Ashton tries to touch base with Shulkyr. Who eventually, slowly, raises their head to lock gazes with him.  "Me? I'll be. Dugger? Not when I get my fucking hands on'em." The growl puts a blood thirsty grin on Ashton's face. Shulkyr downs the rest of their glass. Snatching the apple the matron gave them. Slowly getting to their feet. Fueled mostly by their seething anger. Ashton's quick to throw and arm around them. Letting the drow keep steady with their form as support.   "Kamala." Shulkyr calls to the matron who looks up. Just in time to catch the platinum that's flicked at her, "Thanks for the patch up." Kamala snorts and gives a nod,  "Take care. Hopefully, next time I see you. You'll be a better sight." She nods to the duo and Shulkyr nods back to her,  "I will be." They leave meeting up with the others outside. Ashton is now bathing in their successful bribe. Keeping their skipping to a minimum, mostly for their friend's sake. Since Shulkyr leans even heavier into their side after a while. They eventually rejoin the group. Everyone taking a moment to check in on Shulkyr. They barely respond to the flurry of concerns and questions, but it's clear something has aggravated them.  Once everyone is satisfied with their state. They all quiet down, letting Ashton share what they learned. The information is tossed around, followed by theories. Nothing seems to satisfy them, and group eventually decides their best course of action is to head to Lord Esterhross manor. So they all start the long walk back to the other Spire. Ashton considers carrying Shulkyr again, but the moment they touch the drow's ribs. They let out a pained noise. Imogen makes a face hearing that. Deciding to connect to Shulkyr now that they're more lucid.  "I'm glad you're looking better." She gives a small smile to them. Making the smallest gesture to cast prestidigitation. Removing all the excess blood from Shulkyr's attire. Which earns her a twitch of the lip back from the drow.  "I don't feel any better, but that can't be helped." They think back to the sorceress who nods,  "I don't blame you. Last night was- it's been total chaos Shulk." Imogen sighs and dives, once again, into what happened. Now that the blood hunter is actually aware enough to listen to her. She recounts everything and gets hesitant as she reaches the part about Bertrand. Imogen strains her abilities sensing for their reaction to Bertrand's death. Hoping not to distress the already struggling drow. Yet all she gets is- Silence.  Hauntingly empty silence. Like the drow either has gone numb or truly feels nothing on the matter. It unnerves Imogen when the connection turns frigid. It's not the reaction she was expecting. Even Ashton reacted more and they stabbed Bertrand! Imogen calls for Shulkyr after silence starts to become unbearable.  "I apologize. You must miss him." They respond afterwards and suddenly the connection snaps, and not of her own volition. Imogen jumps at the jarring feeling. It makes her head pulse and her ears pop. There's a sting in her eyes that she struggles to rub away. Shaken.  That's- That's never happened before. Before she can put much thought into it. Or try to reconnect with the drow. They arrive at the Spire By Fire. The group deciding to make a stop and investigate if anyone would have heard of Dugger before. Dorian and Imogen split from the group. While Ashton finds a spot for Shulkyr to sit. ~•~
   Shulkyr's P.O.V 
  "Sure, you don't need more rest? I can drop you off at the krook house. Milo can take care of you." Ashton offers tilting their head and giving me a concerned look,  'That might be a good idea. You have been hurt pup.' Shaking my head at the voice. I rub my eyes,  "I'm aching, I've been stabbed more times than I thought possible, and I'm running on pure spite at the moment. It's tempting-," removing my hand. I lock eyes with Ashton. Smirking at the barbarian who returns it, "-Don't tempt me." They chuckle and kneel beside my feet. Deciding to sit on their hammer. The glimmer of the crystals and slag glass in their head catching my eye.  For the first time, I give the genasi a proper look over. Taking in their milky eye, the gold filled scarring, and anything else I can admire. They have to be the most earth genasi, well- earth genasi, I've ever met.  "Can't find anything else to stare at?" They joke turning their head to look at me with their good eye. I snort and tilt my head.  "And you can tell I'm staring-?" I wait and they beam,  "Cause you're burning a hole back open. Plus-" Ashton nods to Orym who seems to be watching the pair, "-You we're ratted out."  "Thanks." I drly comment making the halfling chuckle. Rolling my eyes, I focus back on Ashton. Letting curiousity get the better of me.  "How deep does that head wound go?" I pry and they raise a brow. The look earns me a an exasperated sigh in my mind.  'You could not be more blunt.' The spirit complains, and that only makes my smirk wider as Ashton rolls their eyes.  "A gold piece and you get to see." They offer and I snort, handing over one of my few remaining gold pieces.  "Take your time." They joke, tilting their head to give me a better view. Leaning over, I rest my weight on their shoulder. Easing up when I see their jaw tighten. Right, it is an injured shoulder. Even if the wounds are welded shut with gold.  After adjusting, I look into the reflective rainbow glass. Letting me see the insides of their head. I can't help wondering- what happened to cause such a wound? Tracing the gold scarring. I slowly try to piece together what could have caused such an extensive injury.   Eventually Dorian and Imogen return. Seeming rushed and giddy. If Ashton is anything to go by. They probably found something good. Which pauses my investigation for a bit. They share what they discovered. Eager to be on the move. Only stopping when they notice I've gone back to rather thoroughly investigating Ashton.  "Uh- Shulk? Did you really pay him a gold too?" Dorian asks eyeing us and I hum,  "Apparently, it's a well spent gold coin. They're pretty enchanted." I snort at Ashton's bragging. As I trace a mark along their jaw.  An epiphany strikes me and amusement tugs at the end of my mouth.  "Ashton-" They hum raising a brow at my barely contained amusement, "-Did you fall?" Silence follows as I watch two different eyes go wide.  "Fall? Like down some stairs?" Fearne asks,  "Uuuh-" They clear their throat as I grip their chin. Forcing them to stay as I tilt their head.  "No, nastier than that." I press on the slag glass, "The head injury-" I press on their shoulder, "-The shoulder is the worst. Spidering out in a pattern like impact wounds. Considering where we are- it really seems like a fall could have done it."  After a moment, Ashton yanks out of my grasp. Struggling to their feet as they quietly curse. "Are you saying Ashton probably got hammered-?" Dorian barely contains his chuckle.   "Fuck off! I did not- well I have, but it didn't end- you know what fuck all of you." Ashton nearly storms off and I'm grinning at their retreating back. Slipping off my spot, I start to follow after them. Having to stagger now that I'm no longer supported by the fuming genasi. It's worth it however, as I watch the party devolve into teasing and giggles. They may be annoyed, but I'll buy them beer to get them over it. I just need to get my hands on more coin first. ~•~  We end up at the manor not long after. Evelyn seems pleasantly surprised by me being here. Promising to make me some tea. Before leading us inside to see Esterhross. The orc seeming equally surprised by my appearance. "It's good to see you are well, I had feared the worst for you. As for the rest, I believe you are owed your due." The Lord gives us a pouch of gold coins. Which I put away as Evelyn returns to us. Handing me a steaming cup while everyone else discusses what to do and what's been going on. Enjoying my tea, I wander over to the body of Bertrand.   His wounds are mirror copies of my own. Only in just slightly more lethal places. He's gone pale with no blood and long gone cold. Slowly blinking, I reach out my hand. Laying it over his closed eyes. The haziest memory pulls to the forefront of my mind. Rushes of pain, the thrill of the hunt and primal anger, the smell of blood, and countless other fragments. Ended by a faint echo of a word.   "May the champion secure your passage to the queen's court, Bertrand Bell." I whisper to him and nod my head,  "-And to whoever Lieve'tel may be." It's the only sound that rings clearly in my memory. Though whatever meaning is behind it is lost on me. Stepping back, I resume drinking my tea. The peppermint soothing my throat. It's almost as effective as the herbs Kamala gave me.    Everyone decides on what to do. Evelyn sneaking her way to me at some point. "I am glad you are ok."  "I'm glad to be ok." Nodding to her, I raise the cup.  "Here, since it seems you will need to be on your feet again." She hands me a bottle filled with familiar bright crimson liquid.  "Thank you, Evelyn." She nods as I down the health potion. Feeling it patch up the last of my more severe wounds. Only soreness and a soft humming pain remain. Pocketing the empty vial, I finish my tea. Returning my attention to the discussion. I catch Ashton explain they'll take us to the krook house. The current abode of F.C.G. and thenself. Humming I eye the pair. That does sounds like it should be interesting.~•~  Walking back to the other spire, we slip inside. Actually entering one of the spires for the first time. An act that makes me almost giddy. Even if we're still high up, we're surrounded by dirt and stone and to me. That is something comforting.  Upon getting inside the Spire, I find myself relaxing. The dark feels heavenly to my strained eyes. I've walked in the sun plenty over the years. So while I'm not blinded by it's radiance, and it is radiant in every sense. It does cripple me with an almost ever present headache. The dark, at least, has me putting a hand on my Laudna's shoulder.   "Alright there?" She checks   "Perfect, I'm enjoying the dark. Don't let me fall." Just for a moment, I close my eyes. Letting them rest without the sun burning through my lids. Bathing in the temporary relief.  Laudna chuckles and I feel an arm around me. She guides me along as she is guided by Ashton. After I'm free from the pain. I open my eyes to admire the inside of the Spire. The many shafts, the precariously standing homes, and the many people chatting and walking around. Ashton leads us through the hustle and bustle.   Until we arrive at a small shop. We step inside, greeted by the grinding of metal. It's a sort search for the source of the noise. As we spot a human bent over an unknown project. It takes a moment for them to acknowledge our presence. Wearing a cap and goggles that make their eyes massive to us. "Oh, hello. These are- people."  "Yea uh these are my new people. Told you I was running with a new crew. People meet Milo. Milo, my new people." Ashton introduces us to the cute and jumpy crafter. Who ends up looking each of us over. Coming across Laudna eventually. Who asks what they're up to. Which causes an entire thing with Paté.   Curiosity gnaws at me, and I sneak around the group. Investigating the place and finding a few other rooms. Each having their own flavor. Practically oozing their respective owner's personality. Eventually, I find a room that looks odd, even compared to the rest. There's scraps of banners, quilts, and arts across the walls. The bed is a bit lackluster. Bits and pieces are around the place. Compared to the others it's somehow the messiest and yet still the most minimal. Almost homey even. Looking around, I sniff and investigate the place. Sitting down on the bed and humming. Now who's room have I wandered into?  "Hey! Can you not disappear for two fucking minutes?" Ashton thuds into the room.   "You said I can rest, didn't you?" Their eyes widen and they swallow,  "Not in my room." They counter as I choose to lie down. "Besides we have to go." Reaching down, I take the mask off my hip. Gesturing for them to come here. They roll their eyes and storm over.  "Give me an hour." Waving the mask, I move to put it over my eyes, "It'll heal me for about eight hours worth in an hour."   "Why haven't you used that before then?" Ashton demands as the night sky takes my vision,  "Haven't had a chance." They scuff and I feel their weight shift,  "Whatever- we're going to eat then. I'll wake you in an hour." Ashton promises, And their weight shifts and disappears.  "Thanks."   "Whatever. Rest up." That's the last thing I register before the enchantment sets in. Causing me to lose all feeling and putting my mind at ease. It's a familiar, comforting feeling. When Ashton comes to get me. I should be able to actually do something again. I despise being dead weight. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
   The Party's P.O.V. 
   The group linger around the krook house for an hour. Laudna watches Milo work in admiration. Ashton plays some poker with the others. F.C.G. takes the time to show Fearne their space. Before the hour strikes and Ashton collects Shulkyr. After they've rejoined the party, looking significantly better. Everyone heads on their way to meet a contact of Ashton's. The genasi once again takes the lead. Taking them deeper through the Spire. Warning them to keep their purses close when they enter the market. Until they eventually come across a contact of the earth genasi. A pompous elven man dressed in a cloak. The Shadow Baker, apparently.   They end up buying and eating pastries from him. Chattering playfully until Orym brings up pie. Which causes the two present elves to burst into a blind rage.   "Pie!? Why the hell would you want pie?!" Shulkyr cries at the halfling, seeming genuinely offended.  'Oh here we go.' The voice in the masks sighs as the duo start,  "Pie is good, it's better than cake-!" Orym starts and their eyes bulge,  "Heresy!!" The two start to raise their voices. Drawing the attention of onlookers.  "Pie can be savory- You can have meat, fruits-"  "PIE Is a crime against humanity! Pie! Is awful in the same vein as full sized tarts!" She screeches and Ashton shakes his head. Seeming at a loss with the pair. If only he knew how badly the spirit agreed with him. Very few times do they feel second hand embarrassment. This is one of those times.  "Shulk, maybe you should breath-?" Fearne gently tries to calm the drow,  "No, fuck off." They don't yell at the Satyr, but do raise their voice again the moment they turn back to Orym. "Pie is only good for one bite! Because it's the only one with a balanced ratio of filling to crust!"  "If that's the issue. You can have crusts on the tops of your pie!" Orym counters and causes Shulkyr to blow their top,  "THAT IS ALWAYS BURNT AND TERRIBLE, AND THEN YOU HAVE THE OPPOSITE PROBLEM!"   "Maybe you've just never had a good pie?" Orym gently suggests and she frowns,  "Orym are you seriously suggesting that in over two centuries of life. I've never tasted a 'good' pie? I've had festival pie, rich people pie, and my father's pie. I've tried pie, and I have never once enjoyed the experience."  "My point still stands-" He raises both his hands. Causing Shulkyr to go silent as their eyes natrow. Their frown pulls deeper revealing fangs. They're bristling and all but snarling at Orym.  "Did you just insult my father's cooking?" Dead silence follows as Orym starts to panic. Going pale and noticably sweating. Everyone else looks between the two. Even the mask is frozen in silence. Unable to think of anyway to de-escalate what's about to happen.  "You Short-Stacked,  MOTHER FUCKER-!" Ashton bolts and restrains the blood hunter. Easily lifting them off the ground. Their arms locked under Shulkyr's to keep their hands from their weapons. The drow is dark-eyed and hissing, struggling against Ashton.  "Put me down!"  "No, no I don't think I will-" Ashton grunts as they step back,  "He deserves a beating damnit!   "I agree with this one Ashton, call it karmic justice." The Shadowbaker pipes up and Ashton shoots him a glare,   "Not. Fucking. Helping!" They shout and sigh, "Alright. We're timing out." The barbarian carries the blood hunter away. Dropping them in a quiet corner. Making sure to body block any attempts of Shulkyr's to run after the halfling. They're a snarling, narrowed-eyed mess. Practically stalking back and forth like a caged animal.  "Breath Shulk, we don't have time for this," Ashton whispers to the skulking drow,   "Breathe? Breathe? Who insults somebody's parent?" They spit and hiss,   "Ok, that was shit wording on his part. I'm not denying that." Ashton doesn't even try to deflect the accusation. "That was an ass move, but that came after the fact. I mean before that, I don't know why you're so passionate about pie. But sort out that shit another time, so right now breathe." Shulkyr focuses on breathing. Coming down from their anger induced high.   "Good?" Ashton checks and the drow nods,   "Yea, good." Shukyr agrees and they nod,  "Good, no more pie talk until we're out of here." Ashton stops them, body blocking the hunter. Starting to lead them back to the party. Where Orym bows his head and apologizes. The situation diffused, they all carry on. The Shadowbaker gives Shulkyr a discounted pastry for 'knowing the truth of the matter.' Which earns him stink eye from the earth genasi. Though the drow is more than happy to indulge. While the transaction finishes. The elf starts to head out, but Shulkyr catches him.  "Real quick, my old boss and his friends would adore these. Can I buy some more?" By the end of the new transaction. Shulkyr has a pouch filled with various treats, and the Shadowbaker leaves with a coin pouch several gold heavier.  "Are you gonna share?" Fearne asks seeming eager to swipe some,   "Yes-" Shulkyr slaps the curious fawn's hand away, "-With my old boss and his friends. They would love these." Everyone follows Ashton who seems to know where they're going. "Oh, Your old boss? You've never mentioned something like that before." Laudna cooes, seeming pleasantly surprised by the new information about their companion.  "Uh- yea." Shulkyr nods and their ear flicks, "I haven't seen them in almost two months now." They mumble and the party watches their cheeks dust. Which catches everyone's attention.   "Oh! That's not very long." Dorian States and Shulkyr nods,   "Ya, I've only been in Marquet for a bit." They confess and they perk up,   "So if those things align-" F.C.G. starts looking up to Shulkyr, "-did your former employer bring you here?" The automaton questions. Genuinely interested in learning some of their companion's backstory.   "Kind of-? Life happened and I had to leave home. Ended up meeting my boss along the coast. His crew took me on and I worked with him for a few years. After some chaos, he brought me here. It was supposed to be so I could keep my head down-." They trail off, rubbing their neck. Everyone stares at them wide-eyed.  "Wow." Shulkyr jumps at Dorian's faint response,   "What?" They glare at the bard who leaps at that, throwing up both his hands,   "That's just- the most you've shared so far." Imogen tries to explain and Laudna joins in. Looping an arm with Shulkyr's. Pulling the drow's attention to her.  "Right? Until just now all we knew was your name, you worship a death God, and that you were once a cop! Nothing really all that personal. This was special! You mentioned a friend!" She fawns beaming at Shulkyr. Who blinks and seems to take in that explanation. Like they hadn't quite expected this kind of reaction.  "I suppose." Before the group can dig for more answers about the drow. Ashton announced they've arrived. Stopping the party in their tracks. As they quickly huddle to discuss what to do.   "Alright, everyone keep your head down and for the love of everything decent in this world. Don't fucking mention Shulk was a cop out-loud again." Ashton hisses and shoots a glare at Laudna. Who jumps and slaps a hand over her mouth.  "Oh, my bad." She apologies with a smile and Ashton shakes their head.  "Fine, we're good as long as you don't do that again. Let's go." The group breaks and slips inside the store. Seeing it's being run by a bronze dragonborn and a dark feathered creature. Unlike anything some of them have seen before. Shulkyr looks around the shop. Taking in what they sell as Ashton handles the duo. Their senses rising at the sheer shadiness of it all. 
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  'Nose up pup, something doesn't feel right.' My eyes dart to the pair who eye each other. Almost grinning at whatever Ashton had said. My nose flares as the two move. One opening a secret passage and gesturing for us to head up. Walking over, I pause by the doorway.   "Shulk, you good?" Ashton asks and I flare my nose again. What greets me is herbs, meal, and earthy smells. The iconic smell of a shop such as this. But what catches my attention is a lot of other scents. All leaking down from the room above.  "People." I mumble and lock eyes with the genasi, "Lots of people." That causes the party to shift a bit. The duo straighten and give me suspicious looks. Ashton winces and clicks their tongue. Eyeing the stairway before bumping my shoulder with theirs.  "Outnumbered and outgunned is part of the deal." He grumbles and glances to the side,   "You smell that prick up there?" Sniffing, I lean a bit in as my darkvision starts to settle. I'm glad he hasn't questioned why I can do this. That would be a real fucking awkward interrogation. Focusing on sniffing, I try to catch the semi-familiar mix of charcoal, sandelwood, and sulfur. After a few more moments, sorting out various smells, I step back.  "No, Dugger isn't here." There's a wave of relief that washes over the group.  Ashton sighs and rubs their neck, "Right, let's get this over with."   "If Dugger isn't here do we even need to?" Dorian asks, looking between each of us. Imogen mimics him, looking between everyone until all eyes settle on Ashton and I.  "This is the only lead we've got on the prick. Besides-" Ashton nods to the duo, "-it's too late to back down now." My silent nod backs up Ashton's decision. After that we all head up. Followed by the bird. The further we go the clearer the scents become. Joined by the smells of oats and meat. Food? Ashton bumps shoulders with me again. Probably noticing my excessive sniffing.   "We've survived worse." He mumbles and I perk up,   "We've survived worse." I agree with him as we reach the top. It's dark as the party fills the spot. The bird locks the door behind us. Announcing to all the people present that we're here for the laughter. Which causes an echoing laughter to fill the room. Many hooded figures, some of them masked, circle the room. One half-elven figure walks before the group. Grinning and greeting us. Taking another sniff, I check, making sure the mess of smells didn't hide Dugger's.   I let Ashton take the lead for now. Crossing my fingers, I crack my hands. Feeling the skin threatening to rip and tear. My jaw starts to ache and my head pulses behind my eyes. Being surrounded- it's making my instincts scream. My attention snaps back to reality when there's a gentle phand on my back. Looking over my shoulder, I see it's Dorian.  "-alright fine, since none of you have collateral. What about you, the oddly dressed drow?" The half-elf focuses on me and I bite my lip. Locking gazes with him. Collateral? What collateral could I give him?   "Surely more than two of you have someone. Mother? Father? Friends?" He presses and I shrug,  "Dead, dead, and maybe." Rolling my shoulders I wince,  "I could give you friends, and names, but locations-" I trail off trying to think on how to word it.  "You don't know where your friends live?" He mocks me and I shrug,  "Somewhat? One day they could be living along the coast, another they could be in Tal'dorei. They tend to keep on the move." The man sighs and shakes his head,  "Alright, you are a bunch aren't you? Fine-" He claps his hands and takes a deep breath, "-Give me a name and preferred location or hide out then."  Sorting through my relatively short list. I choose based on who I think he could fail to find, and who could handle them if he did. "Cutthroat."  "Apologies?" He makes a face and I hear the hiss of a drawn weapon,  "My boss. He's a pirate, specifically the member of the Revelry, known as the Cutthroat." His brows raise at that and he blinks,  "A former pirate, that- wasn't what I was expecting." Quirking a brow at him. I tilt my head,  "What were you expecting?" He raises his hands and shrugs,  "Nothing in particular if we're being truthful. Now!" He looks across the group and sighs, "Three pieces of collateral is good enough, it's enough." The half elf decides,  "My name is Yash Mangal." Nodding, I shrug, mouthing an apology to him. That earns me a snort as I smirk.  Imogen apologies for our sudden interruption. Bringing up the topic we came here for. Yash tells us that Dugger is no longer one of theirs. Sharing what information he feels like. Rolling my shoulders, I close my eyes. 'Breath, pup. Not yet.'  The mask on my hip does begin to burn my side. Reaching down, I run my fingers over the metal. Just taking in the information Yash gives us. Laudna earns a laugh from the half elf when she mentions the shade creepers. The disbelief apparent in his words and tone. "Did Dugger have magic before?" Yash turns his attention me,  "No. Why? Do you believe his control over these Shade creepers was magic?" He's poking fun, it's evident and I tilt my head.  "If they're constructs, but I was more referencing his ability to cast the darkness spell." More confusion as Yash makes a face. Shifting in his seat and considering it.  "So previously no magic, looked like a living being at one point, altered shade creepers he calls children, and illegally smuggling brumestone." Licking my lips, I sigh and rub my forehead.   "What the fuck is going on with this bastard?" My growl earns me a pat on the back. This time from Ashton. F.C.G. starts harassing Yash and it makes my hair stand on end. Paranoia sinking its fangs into me with a vengeance.   'Stop the chatty bot. Please, this is going to go sour.' Shifting, I kick out my leg. Shoving F.C.G. back with a scratchy yelp.   "I am just saying-"  "Hush." I raise a finger to my lips as everyone else blathers. Which leads Yash to prying. When he asks who we are working for I sigh.  "We had a job dealing with petty theft from that friend. It was supposed to be quick and easy. We ran into Dugger, everything went sour. I assume he got the job above table. If he didn't-" I raise my voice quieting the rest down, "-If he didn't and he got us involved with shit. We don't know who employed him. But if need be- we'll figure it out." Looking over the rest, I glare them down. Ashton shifts and shrugs. Silently agreeing to lie with me. The others seem to catch the memo. Quieting down as Yash stares at me.  "I suppose that is fair. You trust a friend and they get you in more trouble than you agreed to." Yash shrugs as Fearne perks up. Whispering to him and asking him if he can 'ear muffs.' I blink at her and shockingly the half elf agrees. Getting the rest to do the same.  "Bertrand took the last braincell with him to the grave. I swear." Mumbling to myself, I shake my head. The party starts to bicker about whether or not to mention Eshteross name. In the process, saying his name several times. Clearly within hearing of Yash and his associates. Reaching up, I start fucking with my hair. Hearing laughter in my mind.   'What fools have you tied yourself up with?' Rolling my eyes, I feel the mask burn my hip once more. Causing me to jump and snarl at it.  "You rowdy bunch of chucklefucks. Remind me how I got dragged into this mess?"   "Fearne walked up to you at a bar-" Orym recites and Fearne cuts in,  "You were very hot."  "We fought over poker." Ashton adds and I glare. Several more iterations get tossed. Before Dorian drags it back trying to convince us all to go.  "Forget niceties. We are fucked if we misstep, Fearne, and I have no problem leaving whoever pisses him off." Hissing, I cause the fawn to jump.   "That is very cold Mrs. Shulk especially after the bonding moment we just had." F.C.G. seems down and I make a face at him,  "Bonding moment? What-?" Confusion floods me and I shake my head,  "Forget it! Yash." He hums and removes his hands,  "If we need to come back because Dugger fucked us all what do we say?" He smirks and gives the new code. 'Loosen the snare.' With that we all leave the hideout. The others bicker as we carry on downstairs. When Dorian decides they should mention Esterhross, and makes too shout his name. Ashton lunges to cover his mouth, and I sucker punch him upside the head. The crack turns all eyes on me.  "Great, everyone. Shut up. We've officially run out Shulk's patience." Ashton says it like they're scolding the rest, but they can't hide their smirk. Clearly amused by my jump to violence. We finally get back to the base floor of the store. Herron, I think that was his name, closes the path behind us.   Everyone chatters and we ultimately decide to go grab supplies before we face Dugger again. Which sounds saintly to me. Ashton suggests someone else looks for a shop. Since he looks like he's about to rob the place. Imogen takes the lead on that. Laudna stalking just behind her for good measure. I look around until the party starts following a shady old woman.  "What are we doing?" Ashton snorts at my question,  "Following a shady old woman into an alleyway." They answer and I roll my eyes. Following beside the genasi. When the old woman starts talking. The name Advik comes out of her mouth. Then I hear the barbarian groan beside me.  "Ok, who is Advik? Did you beat him with that hammer?" I tease and he hits my shoulder,  "If it helps I've got people I wouldn't be too happy to see either. If I could- I'd take you to my old magic dealer." He snorts and Dorian perks up,  Dorian perks up as we follow the woman again, "Your old magic dealer?"  "I worked for the empire. We all got discounts with Pumat." We arrive and see a human man. Chatting away with the old woman. The moment I hear his voice I'm flashed back to rich kid balls. As he chatters on and on about how he got his wares. He rambles and continues to ramble. My mind starts to drift away.  Until clattering fills my ears and I see him opening a case. Immediately I grow suspicious of the contents. Narrowing my gaze I walk over, leaving Ashton's side, and taking the one from Dorian. Investigating it, I hear the price and bulk.  "Excuse me?"  "One hundred and fifty a piece, it well worth the cost-"  "I've gotten more trustworthy for fifty a piece." The two of us start to bicker, him taking offense to my suspicion. While I take offense to his outrageous price tag.  Ashton comes over and tries to de-escalate. Clearly trying to sweet talk the human man. Which leads to him pulling out two stones. Earning a raised brow from me. The human locks eyes with me and gives a smug smile.  "I am a dealer of only the best goods. Do you still question it?" Ashton puts a hand on my back and I look,  "Shulk-" He makes a motion not to argue. Scuffing, I step back and look through my pockets. Pulling out the item I'm looking for.   "Oh, now what is that? It's so pretty!" Laudna fawns over my shoulder. It's a bleached, elegantly carved stone, shaped to be identical to a sand dollar. Looped with a silver chain to be held as a necklace.  "My sending stone." Gasps follow and Advik's smug look dies as he appraises the item,  "Unlike any I've ever seen." He comments skeptic and I snort,  "It's from the coast in Wildmount. My boss got a pair custom made for us." His surprise is there and gone before I can blink,  "Your boss? Oh! Are you gonna contact him about the pastries you bought for him?" Imogen asks and I nod. Unable to help the small smile that sneaks onto my face.  "He'll come running at the promise of sweets. He can't help himself really. You all can keep shopping. I'm still debating. Maybe I'll ask him to hit up Pumat for me?" The last part is more to myself than everyone else.  Pulling back from the group I rest against a wall. Watching them as I lift the stone to my lips. Running my thumb over the carving. Picturing a proud lavender man in a flowing dark trench coat marked in gorgeous art and a beaming face. The stone starts to warm as it faintly glows blue.  "Hey King, been awhile-" Sighing, I try to think how to say what I want, damn word limits, "-alot has happened. I bought you some treats, if you wanna drop in. Uh- Some trouble too, I'm working on it. Later." The symbols of waves and the Wildmother pulses. Sending the message somewhere off to the sea. While I watch the party play with the sending stones. Putting an amused smile on my face. Shaking with quiet laughter, I put it away.   'Hopefully you don't miss the reply. It seems easy in this group.' Despite his words being unwelcome. They do ring true to me. Maybe I should just put the stone back on?  Rejoining the group, I wait for them to finish bartering. Before making my way to the front. Counting and kicking awake the old math machine. "One fifty each- trusting Fearne their legitimate." I pick up the vials and start doing some math.   "Remove twenty five for a bulk purchase." Rolling my neck, I hum and look at Ashton.  "With what Orym gave you. You and I could pay that. All my coin-" I completely remove my pouch. "-Brings it down to three sixty. You could cover the rest." Ashton makes a face.   "Oh- but I don't want to." He hisses and makes a face. Rolling my eyes, I grab the back of their neck. Pulling them into my side.  "Hey!" They glare at me and I give a faint squeeze,  "I'll give you my share of the next three payments from jobs we get." His eyes widen and he goes for his pouch,  "Deal-"  "Woah, hold on now!" Imogen cuts in and makes a face,  "We are not breaking Shulk's bank alone over this, and You don't go making deals like that Ashton, it's rude." The genasi snorts,  "They offered." He counters with a laugh,  Causing the country girl to rolls her eyes before smiling at Advik, who's been watching us with an amused look, "What if we buy the stones too? What price would that be?" She checks and he seems to think about it. Doing some of his own math.  "Six fifty." He decides and everyone kicks in. Dropping my payment down. By quite the large margin. Only taking eighty five from me. At Imogen's insistence. Since I was so willing to lose it all a moment before.   Advik asks for our names and we go around. When he checks on whether or not we consider ourselves friends of Ashton. F.C.G. doesn't hesitate of course. He has the most right to that claim out of all of us. Ashton seems unsure about it. Tilting my head, I shift and make a face. Would I consider Ashton a friend?   When we start moving along. I keep thinking as they drill Ashton. Since he didn't seem too excited to interact with Advik. Even though the man was nothing but nice. If more than a little sketchy. When Dorian asks if that means Advik is a friend for now. Ashton makes that unsure face again.  "Sure? Friends is a- it's a complicated word. I try to avoid it. It implies a layer of trust that's not necessarily healthy." He goes on a small rant. His words catch my attention. Imogen starts handing out potions. While I stare at Ashton's back. Trying to figure out why those words put me off.  I vaugely hear the Dorian share he has an extra potion. Which surprises the party. He tries to hand it out only to be cornered into keeping it. Healing potions rationed out, the party questions who should have the stones. It's an easy pick for the first stone. Everyone deciding Orym should have one. The next isn't so easy to place. Imogen offers the second one to Fearne at first. The Fawn however shoots it down. Handing the stone over to Ashton. Who decides it would be better of with someone else.  "Sweet, hey shady one." He pulls me out of my thoughts and passive observation.  My eyes focus and I snap to attention. Just barely catching the stone in time.  "You didn't get shit out of that, and you're good under pressure. Enjoy." Nodding, I hum,  "Thanks." We carry on and along the way. An idea pops into my head. Pulling out my other stone. I start to carefully work on the stone. Carving just a big enough of a hole without destroying the enchantment. Letting me slip it onto the necklace with my other stone.   "That's gorgeous by the way." I jump at the whisper. Seeing Dorian fell back with me.  "Oh, thank you." Deciding it's for the best. I clip the necklace back on. It feels good, having its weight lying against my collar again. Though it shifts differently than it used too. That's to be expected with the added stone but still.  "You said your old boss had it made just for the two of you?" Nodding, I fiddle with the sand dollar stone.  "Is that? Sorry-" Dorian eyes the stone and I raise a brow, "-Is that the mark of the Wildmother?"   "You know that goddess?" I'm genuinely surprised by that. Dorian didn't seem the type. Usually her worshippers are tamer in taste and more- calm of mind?  "Well- I'm from Tal'dorei. She's a sacred goddess there. We- Fearne, Orym, and I along with our other friends- we all did some work for her worshippers at one point." He explains and I give a nod,  "Oh, interesting. I'm not a follower, but my boss is. It's why the runes are the way they are." We fall into silence for a little bit. Before Dorian bumps shoulders with me.  "This boss of yours- he sounds awesome." He gives me a small smile and I mirror it,  "Yea?" He nods and parrots it,  "You seemed really excited to send him a message. It's the happiest I've seen you. It was cute." He turns pink after he says it and sputters.   "Wait- no, I didn't- I- not like that. I-" Snorting, I shake my head at the fumbling man,  "Dorian, I understood just fine." He sighs and relaxes. Muttering his relief to himself. Reaching over, I pat his back. Earning me a sheepish, embarrassed smile.   "He sounds rather nice for a pirate." Dorian chuckles rubbing the back of his neck,  "He is- he likes to live by that motto. He's not a saint, but he's not the worst." We chuckle at that and Dorian sighs,  "He sounds wonderful."   "He is." He eyes me and I look ahead. Seeing Imogen jump and try to hide. My mood shifts as I pull Dorian to the side. Everyone else follows the sorceress's lead.  "That's the house." We all look to where she gestures. Tension settles over the group. Frowning, I stare up and flare my nose. So this is the rat's den? My jaw aches and pain spikes behind my eyes. Anger bubbling in my stomach. Heat burns my hip and I hear a growl in my head.  'Oh, we're going to rip this fucker to shreds. Let's hunt pup.' 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  

    The party dive into discussion on what to do. Using Imogen's knowledge of the buildings to make their plan. Shulkyr shifts with a low growl. Unfortunately, they know they can't be of help with anything requiring stealth. The plate armor adorning them is counteractive in that front. While they all discuss, Shulkyr lurks, keeping alert. Hoping not to be caught unawares even while in broad daylight. Their eyes catch sight of large claw marks carved across the side of a building. They swallow and turn their attention away. Hoping their oblivious group wouldn't notice it. 

     Eventually a plan is formed and the party is on the move. Shulkyr, Orym, and Imogen linger on the same level as the house. While the rest go to the level above. Sneaking a bit closer as Orym and Imogen discuss deciding to essentially hit and run the door. Shulkyr lingers from their initial spot watching the door. Partly hidden from the door's view. Straining all their senses in hopes of catching anything. Yet after a few minutes pass, nothing happens. 

    Shulkyr keeps watching as everyone else discusses. Until they decide to ask Imogen if she can sense Dugger inside. She sneaks closer to the house and Shulkyr and Orym watch. Tense and ready to leap to her aid if needed. When she reaches out there's no one inside. Yet she gets the distinct smell of rot and something sour. 

    'My instincts say something is about to go wrong pup.' The mask warns and Shulkyr snorts, 

    "So do mine, but if we just burn it down. Any evidence of what may be going on-"

    The voice in their mind 'tsks' at them, 'Once again, you choose your mission and curiosity over your survival. When will you learn?' The voice mocks them in a low purr. It causes Shulkyr to quietly snarl. 

    "Silence. I don't need your input anymore than I did then." Before the conversation can escalate. Distressed squeaks catch their attention. They look over to see the party doing- something. Sighing Shulkyr starts to join their gaggle of fools. Just as Ashton gets the door open. The group slips in before a rider appears. Shulkyr from down the road failed to manage it.

    The massive bird lands outside the home. Its rider getting off his mount. The dog snout of the crimson bird is sniffing around. Just as the drow approaches. "Noon Rider."

    Shulkyr bounces their chin in greeting. The guard turns to them and nods. "Noon, did you see anyone fleeing this region?"

    Shulkyr tilts their head, "No afraid not. I've been staggering around the spires like a fool truthfully." They shrug just as the bird starts to growl at them. Its impressive frame is trying to fit itself between it's Master and the hunter.

    "Hey, down, down boy." The master gives them a skeptical look, "This is no place to wander. Anything of interest would be on another Spire. These are just people's homes." 

    "I noticed, but by the time I got to this level. I couldn't find my way back down, and it is- very high and bright." Shulkyr looks around making a show of themself. As magic pulses from the mask. Making their words sound sweeter, a bit more innocent, and that little bit more believable. The mount is still growling and sniffing. Even taking a snap at the drow. Causing them to step back.

    "Hey!" The rider grabs their mount's reins, openly suspicious yet giving the lost huntress a pitying look, "I understand, this may not be your forte. If you come with me-" At that their beast whines and snarls. Becoming even more aggressive than it had. Shulkyr gives it space and raises their hands. While the rider struggles to restrain their companion.

    "What has gotten into you boy? My apologies, Simurghs aren't usually so aggressive. I don't know what's gotten into him." The Rider is genuinely at a loss. Starting to worry that their hound will lunge at the lost civilian. 

    "No need, animals have never liked me I'm afraid. Except oddballs, like a pet snake I had once." There's no lie in their words. Even as the rider nods and sighs.

    "I don't mean to be a bother. I came here for a purpose-" Shulkyr shakes their head, "-I was originally looking for a companion I met in the Spire of Fire. They vanished last night and I've been quite worried. They left a note saying they had returned home yet no one has seen them since." Shulkyr reaches into their pocket. Feeling magic shimmer as they pull out a paper that hadn't been there. Offering the sudden creation to the Rider. Who carefully takes it from them. Reading over the letter and nodding.

    "Ah, That is a worry. I think I heard something about people going missing." Their sudden shift catches Shulkyr's attention,

    "I will take this to the others. Thank you for your honesty." The Rider pockets the paper and Shulkyr nods. The Simurghs Rider gives them directions on how to leave this Spire. Even handing them a small map of this Spire should they ever get lost again. Which earns them gratitude from the huntress. The pair leave much to the beast's elation. Shulkyr watches them take flight. Heading to one of the other Spires with urgency.
  "Disappearances? I really walked into the shit didn't I?" Shulkyr sighs before raising a brow, "And what did you put on that paper?" Before they get their answer from the mask the party scrambles. Watching in horror as Dugger practically melts out of a hole. His face stretches and pulls back as he enters the room.
    The group screeches in horror and it causes the drow's ear to flick. "I think they found Dugger."

    'Really? Now, Whatever gave you that impression?' Tucking the mask away, Shulkyr turns. Pulling their crossbow and flicking it open. When they reach the door. They find it stuck and roll their eyes. Beastial anger bubbling up in their core. Their head pulses and jaw aches.

    Dugger lashes out the moment he solidifies. All off his furry being unleashed on F.C.G. Before dashing to the side and leaping onto furniture. Landing right next to Imogen and grinning at her. 

    "Come to let me finish the rest of you?" Dugger's bones settle back into a familiar dwarven structure. Just as more Shade Creepers flood into the room. Ashton struggles through the destroyed room. Shoving obstacles out of his way. As Imogen swallows collecting her energy and throws out her hand. In a lash of psychic energy at Dugger. Carving through his mind and stunning the dwarf. Giving her a chance to struggle from the goop and flee from him safely. Getting onto a table as far as she can get.

     The creepers rush one leaping onto the table. Lashing out at Imogen and tearing through her flesh. She yelps getting knocked down. Her cry causes her party's attention to snap to her. Causing everyone to rush into a panic. Orym goes to once again duel Dugger. As the front door takes a hard impact. Shulkyr's unenhanced kick cracking the wood in their furry.

    Laudna transforms and unleashes her spell on the creeper she can see on top of her fellow mage. Inducing an unnatural fear in the beast. Just as Fearne transforms back into herself in a burst of flame. The terrain seems not to bother her as she gets close to Dugger. Letting loose a familiar flow of flame. The dwarf threw his cloak to catch the brunt of the fire before shedding the flaming cloth. Before the flames can cause too much harm. F.C.G. attends to Imogen with his magic before using command on the creeper.

    "Alphabetize!" The robot tries to move only to be caught. While the Creeper's head is filled with the word. Dorian bolts past to where it had come from. Throwing out his caltrops in front and inside the hole.

    "Best of luck!" Dorian shouts to Imogen as the door bursts in. An entangled and heaving Shulkyr sends the door flying in. Dugger watches as they storm into the battle. Locking eyes with the snarling huntress.

    He's heaving and his gaze narrows, "I can't just escape you." 

    Their gaze breaks when Shulkyr hears a cry of pain. Their attention snapping to Dorian. Whose being mauled by multiple shade creepers. Ashton begins to flicker as everyone feels a pull on them. The genasi takes a blind strike at the dwarf. The dwarf leaps onto the hammer missing and onto Ashton's head and past him. They spin to try to follow as there's a burst.

    Imogen throws out her hands to shove the creeper away from her. So she can scramble away. Getting behind Ashton as she shoves all the horrid whispers into the dwarf's mind. Sending him fleeing past Laudna and towards Shulkyr. Who lashes out at the dwarf with their free hand. Unnatural claws and strength rake into his chest and send the dwarf skidding back. Keeping him from escaping into the daylight behind them.

    "I'm getting sick of you dwarf." The drow hisses the two fighters protect their injured companion,

    Laudna backs up into a wall before casting a curse. Trying to sink it into Dugger and some of the shades. Though unfortunately it doesn't stick to the dwarf. Fearne ever persistent moves through the room. Unleashing a burst of scorching rays onto those in the room. One shoots wide of Dugger while the other hits his back. The second one eviscerates the shade creeper next to Dorian. Who shrugs off the small explosion.

    "I am- unfortunately getting used to this!" Dorian shouts and hears another call,

    "How's it going over there?" F.C.G. calls from where they're caught in the muck.

    "Not Great!" Ashton answers back and F.C.G. nods, shouting to Imogen some unknown word. Explaining it and Imogen makes a face. 

    "Thanks, Fresh Cut Grass." After a moment the robot comes soaring into the room after a clank. Before getting stuck in the muck again. Dorian pulls his scimitar trying to swing at the creeper. Who leaps over his blade and skitters on the wall.

    "Oh! I hate you!" Dorian unclips his axe and gets away from Dorian,

    "Agh! Ew, Why?!" Dorian tries to get as far away from the hole as he can. Only to get stuck in the muck. 

    "I'm going to rip you into ribbons." Shulkyr point blank fires off their crossbow in his face,

    Each shot smokes with something crimson as they sink into him. Causing him to stagger back. The holes smoking and bubbling from the curse imbued shots.

    "Oh this is going to be fun." He turns races back towards the softer members. Opening his back to another shot.

    "No, You. Don't!" The last word morphs into something loud and unnatural as they fire. Sinking another cursed bolt into him. As they flick their other wrist casting their blood curse with their ring blade. The muck shifts just before he gets to Laudna. Talons of blood and ooze breaking from under it. Sinking into the dwarf and stopping his blades from shredding the warlock. She gasps as the dwarf struggles. Unable to break from the fluid talons.

     Both Aston and Imogen take their opportunity. Unleashing all the power they can onto him. Before the party is flooded by shade creepers. Though they fail to sink their claws into any of them. Until Orym bolts past one. Getting raked through by crooked fingers and necrotic energy. Before he unleashes on Dugger. Who meets his first blow and fails to stop the pull back. Orym's blade causes his back to swell before a shade creeper bursts from his back. Hitting the ground in a pile of ooze.

    "Explains the children." Shulkyr purrs their ribs starting to shift,

    Laudna takes her chance to flee. Getting beside Imogen and Fearne. Grinning at them and making her ladder of black sinew. Fearne grins and slowly approaches Dugger. Pulling out her thorn whip and cracking it. Dugger's head shifts unnaturally to avoid it. Managing to dodge the whip. Until Laudna fires off her eldritch blast. Hitting the whip and imbuing it. Striking a grinning Dugger as it hits him on the way back. Causing a burst of magic.

    The women cackle at that. Ah, the sweet satisfaction. Even the mask laughs in Shulkyr's mind. Still it calms and warns the blood hunter. 'I believe we're about to be overrun.'

    Dorian finally breaks free of the muck. Spinning on the creeper and declaring his hatred once again. Laughing maniacally when he manages to kill it.

    "Ha! I fucking knew it!" Just as he finishes the creeper burst into flame,

    "Ah! Fuck!" He recovers and stumbles back, collecting himself before turning his attention on another foe,

    "Lightning strikes twice!" Trying to throw his axe at another creeper only for it to stick. Before racing to retrieve it. Dugger from his position finally breaks free of the talons. Stammering off to the side before his front swells up. Releasing a burst of the very slime that's covering everything onto the spellcasters.

    "By the Divine, What occult wet dream did you crawl out of!?" Shulkyr shouts in disgust. The next moment is a flurry of moves. The witch bolt crackles to life in Dugger's skin. Shade creepers lunge for anyone they can. Everyone watches as Fearne is shredded and collapses to the ground. Panic settling over the group as everyone scrambles. 

    F.C.G. coming to the fawn's rescue. As Dorian rears back and claps. Releases a wave of thunderous energy. Blowing back shade creepers and Dugger. Burning him away with electricity and arcane energy. Leaving nothing but a pile of burning mush where he had stood.

    "Whelp, Daddy's dead, time to deal with the orphans!" Shulkyr cackles and races towards the room with the hole,
  "This is gonna hurt!" Pulling a small round item out of one of their many pouches. Shulkyr twists the cap releasing a loud hiss. Before rearing back and pitching it into the hole. They easily hit their mark. The orb disappears into the skittering filled darkness and a moment passes. Before the passage erupts in an inferno that shakes the home. Ashton cheers at the fireball. The others yelp and Fearne claps her hands wide eyed. The creepers shriek as the hole gives and collapses in on itself.
    "You have explosives?!" Dorian cries at the drow who grins at him, the smile seeming too wide and fanged, even for their usual manner,

    "Yeah!" Dorian shivers at that, something is off, yet the genasi can't place it. Even as it strikes him cold. The shades that had managed to go through go feral against Imogen. Tackling the sorceress to the ground. Mauling her as Ashton shouts and Orym races to her aid. Laudna struggles to come to her aid. Wailing and catching everyone else's attention. Her eldritch blast turns one of the shades into ash. Imogen rolls trying to not get burned. Just as Fearne cracks her whip at the remaining shade. Rendering it ash.

    "That could have gone better!" Imogen groans and Shulkyr cackles,

    "It could have gone worse!" Their answer is followed by a shout from F.C.G.

    "There is another hole." The robot points and Orym races over. Trying to cast gust to move a crate over the remaining gap. Imogen aids him by moving it with her mind. 

    "I have three more!" Shulkyr shouts to them. Just in case it's needed. Thankfully, they don't seem to attempt anything else. Everyone relaxes and gathers back together.

    "I can't believe we almost went down one of those holes." Orym sighs and Ashton lets out a quiet breathless chuckle. Imogen borrows a vial off of Ashton to gather some of the goop. Considering that is all that remains of Dugger.

    "We're all tired, should we stay?" F.C.G. asks as everyone does their searching. Seeing if there is anything we can find.

    "I kicked in the door. That's not a good idea." Shulkyr shares and everyone glances. Seeing the completely destroyed door.

    "Didn't know you had it in you birdie." Ashton snorts and Shulkyr owlishly blinks before looking to them,

    "Birdie?" Their confusion is evident and they shrug,

    "Well yea- you worship that bird goddess don't you? That's pretty much all we know other than you worked for a pirate. Like a bird." Their grin earns them a narrowed gaze and a snarl. Before they continue their banter. Everyone starts trying to figure out what in the world they just did. Ashton offers up the idea that maybe this wasn't Dugger.

    "Experiments?" Shulkyr adds and everyone makes a face,

    "Of what kind?" The drow's following silence makes everyone uneasy,

    "The cruel kind." Their answer doesn't help the others feel better, "The wretched, painful kind that no sane soul would subject themselves too. Not willingly." They begin to search around. Snorting and sniffing around the place. Everyone else talks as Shulkyr searches.

  
      'This reeks of someone you don't want to anger. Someone who can twist the minds and bodies of mortals into something unrecognizable. You've made this mistake before pup. Do you choose yourself now, or will you follow this thread? Even if it frays your own?' 
  

    Shulkyr is found by the party kneeling. Staring at a wall with a far away gaze and wide eyes. Their hand wrapped around their sending stone. Dorian is the most hesitant to approach them. That disturbing aura still radiates off the huntress. Yet no one else seems to notice it, and it disturbs him even further. Imogen comes to them first. Snapping them out of their trance. 

    "Hey, Shulk, are you ok?" Imogen gently whispers and puts a hand on their shoulder. They don't answer her. Staring almost past the purple haired woman. Dorian leaves to go deal with the neighbor. While the sorceress reaches into their mind. 

    "Shulkyr is everything alright?" All she gets is an empty echo. Almost as if there is no thought inside their head. It puts a frown on her face as Imogen helps the drow to their feet. They seem so lifeless compared to how they had been moments before. Laudna waltzes up to the pair and loops her arm with Shulkyr's other one. 

    "Come on, I think we all deserve a good night's rest." Launda chirps and pats their arm. Taking in the dim nature of their eyes and lost energy. They look as pale and shaken as when they first met. 

    "I'm glad you're standing this time Shulk, let's get you to rest. Maybe chatter over a nice cup of tea? You love that tea. Maybe we can even get Evelyn to make it? You seemed very interested in her." Laudna makes light and gentle chatter with the drow. Undisturbed by their lack of answer. Knowing the state the huntress has found themself in far too well. Even if she doesn't know what caused it. Dorian rejoins the group lingering back and watching the drow's back. Still uneasy with whatever is going on with them.

    "Let's go inform Lord Esterhross. I think he'll want to know what happened with Dugger." Orym whispers and the others nod. Heading along through the residential area. Hoping to reach the Lord's manor in one piece, and in the case of one- before night fall.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  They arrive back in the lord's manor just as night falls. Shulkyr is led along still. Though Laudna notes a slight tremble in their grasp.   "Evelyn should still be up, she was last time. Maybe I'll even try some of that tea. You made it sound divine. Oh Evelyn~!" Laudna sings for the elven maid who does appear when called. While the rest of the party starts trying to explain- whatever had happened to Lord Esterhross.   "Uh yes?" The maid seems unsure about the warlock who waves at her excitingly,  "Oh there you are perfect! I hate to be a bother, but would you make some tea for Shulkyr? Something happened with Dugger and they've been rather shaken up. I think it would do them some good." The elf looks her counterpart over. Noting their pale shaken state. Before giving a nod and promising to be back with a fresh cup.  "Wonderful, isn't that nice?" Laudna helps the drow sit down in a spare chair. Seeing the tell tale furrow of pain in their brow.   "The Birdie's not singing, what's up?" Ashton pokes their nose in and Laudna perks up,  "The birdie?"  "The raven queen thing, they worked for a pirate. Birdie." Ashton explains themself again, "Seriously though, you look pretty shitty for someone who didn't take a hit." Ashton comments taking a good look at the drow. Noting the evident pain as they rub their jaw. The first movement they've made of the night since the fight.  "Headache?" Despite the movement being around their jaw. Ashton knows that move too well. When there's a pulse behind their bad eye, and throb at the base of their neck.   "Should just say so- here." They reach into one of their many pouches. Pulling out some herbs tied with strings. Offering it to the drow who eyes it.   "Oh~ what's that?" Laudna asks, curious as Shulkyr takes it,  "Do you have a light?" They gently ask and Ashton snorts,  "I wouldn't offer it if I didn't." They pull out a match and light it across their forearm. Earning an amused snort from the huntress. Who puts the herbs in-between their lips before Ashton lights it. Smoking the herbs as Shulkyr take an inhale. Their lungs fill with strong, heavy smoke. It takes a few hits before their mind starts spinning. Hazing over and lightening the burden of their jaw and burning eyes. Once they're heavy with the influence they take out the ashen herbs. Discarding them and nodding to the genasi.  "Been a while since I've enjoyed a hit. Thanks, gemstone." The noise the genasi makes in response to the nickname puts a self satisfied smirk on their face,  "That's the sucker punch for the Birdie." Orym whispers, revealing he had in fact caught the interaction just as Evelyn returns. Giving Shulkyr a fresh cup of tea, and their favorite no less. Which they happily partake in. Offering their graditude to the elven woman.   From there they rejoin the party. The group got a reward they hadn't expected. Which shocks even Ashton into silence. Though Shulkyr just blinks. They've had similar rewards from bounties. Besides- they're too hazed and sore to react to it. Everyone says their goodbyes. Before heading out to the Spire by Fire. Imogen sneaking up beside Laudna. Reaching into her mind to question her. Not wanting a certain drow to overhear her question?   "Is Shulk better now Laudna? They seemed rather out of it. I was worried." She eyes the drow who's walking alongside Fearne and Orym ahead of them. Listening to the fawn explain what had happened before they kicked down the door.  "Oh, I'm afraid they went empty for a bit. I used to do that before meeting you quite a lot. I'd always talk to Paté whenever it happened. It's just a spell that happens from time to time." Despite the fact her words should be worrying. Yet Imogen finds comfort in Laudna's understanding of what's going on. Leaning against the warlock with a content hum.  "That's good, I'm glad they're better." Imogen sighs and Laudna pats her hand in return,  Eventually they reach the Spire by Fire. Heading inside and buying a bottle and glasses at Ashton's insistence. Before heading up some floors for privacy. Finding a table and settling down to play the game they suggest, 'What the Fuck is Up with That?!'
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
   My mind is a bit muddled with the herbs. The liquor will land me on my ass soon enough. I can't hold it particularly well anyways. Ashton explains the game and everyone plays. One by one each person is forced to answer questions. Dorian reveals his background.  Fearne ends up asking a very typical question of Ashton. Have they loved before? Their answer is dodgy yet somehow still revealing. Once again Ashton's strange view on friendships and relationships is brought to my attention. Somehow it digs under my skin, yet I can't place what's bothering me again. While I'm sitting here trying to figure out why it bothers me so much. Everyone else carries on. Getting to question Imogen and the rest. Laudna revealing the undead nature I had always suspected. F.C.G. seems to fritz when asked about their past. Orym reveals why his trio came here and so on. The final roll comes up and everyone tosses their dice.   The next roll lands and I stare at the one in drunken, blazed anger. Dammit all.  "Alright, who's asking me?" Lifting my head, I look around the group. My drunken gaze stops on a nervous Dorian. He should never play poker. His tells are far too obvious.   "Alright rich boy, I'm drugged and inebriated. Abuse to your liking." Downing my next shot I put it down,  "Uh- Well." The smell of fear is starting to overpower the smell of piss and liquor.   "Hey, this isn't about abuse. It's an ice breaker. Be nice." Ashton is quick to counter Shulkyr's words,  "I wouldn't dream of it." Dorian agrees with Ashton, "You're the only one from Wildmount here."  "Yes. It seems so-" Dorian shifts and it finally hits me that the fear is from him,  "You worked for the law before running away, You worked for a pirate and then needed to run away, and now you're here and it sounds like you might run again. What the fuck is up with that?" Dorian asks, giving the drow a hard look.   He has to ask the worst thing possible, doesn't he? Humming, I down my shot. I don't know when it was refilled. Resting on my fist, I give a slow blink. At least in this way I can't hear that bastard.  "I- I was working along the coast. I was a detective in charge of a team of seven that dealt with the Myriad." I slowly start and am quickly cut off by Imogen,  "The Myriad? Who's that?"   "Think the Wildmount equivalent to the Ivory Syndicate or the Tal'dorei's Clasp. Except rather than thievery and bribery. The Myriad's specialties are smuggling- and trafficking." The silence that follows prompts me to take another shot.  "I found a lead on a big slaver who tended to sell anyone and everyone across the coast. Tabaxi and Tieflings we're a favorite there. Especially children, no one cared if a young tiefling went missing." An old anger bubbles up and I have to take another shot, before carrying on and getting lost in my rage, "I kept following it, and got deeper and deeper in. Until my group was ordered off the trail."  "You were ordered off?" F.C.G. pipes up openly confused and I nod,  "Why did they think it was a dead end or-?" Orym starts and I give a toothy, bitter grin,  "Oh it must be so nice." He jumps at my hiss and we lock eyes, "Being led by someone who has the people's best interest in heart. Who you can trust."  "That- That doesn't sound very good." Dorian whispers, breaking my stare down with Orym.  "It isn't, we were ordered off the lead and my team went home to Zadash. I stayed." Another shot goes down and blurry images flicker in my head. Scenes I can't quite remember. Don't want to remember.  "I was considered a deserter for disobeying orders and they put a bounty on me."  "What?!" Imogen gasps and I remember a face. By the Divine, I don't ever wanna see that face again. That disappointment- it was too much.  "I kept following the lead and discovered why we were removed."  "Corruption?" Ashton prompts and I give them a nod,  "The Cerberus Assembly is a group of powerful mages in Wildmount. They control many facets of life. There's very few figures even on the same level of power and influence." I explain the term to them, feeling my nails sink into my face. When did I start clawing at my face? "My lead suggested that one of them was either closely looking with the Myraid Slaver, or was the very slaver I had been chasing for twelve decades." Everyone jumps at that. Startled by multiple parts of the confession.  "Sorry, twelve decades?! You're even older than Laudna!" Fearne cheers surprised and I raise a brow,  "I'm an elf." Everyone pauses and then agrees, that's fair enough,  "Ok, but is discovering this what led to you working for a pirate?" Dorian presses and I shake my head,  "Technically, no. But it led to the string of events that ended up with me working for my captain. Being nursed to health by him, and falling into bed with him until I ended up here." Half the group ask at the same time as the other, "Falling into bed with him?" "Nursed by him?" It seems the priorities of this group are quite split. Ashton, Imogen, Orym, and Dorian all concerned about the implication of me needing to be nursed to health. While Fearne, F.C.G., and Laudna all seem more concerned about the implication of my bed room life. Snorting, I decide to lay my head down. Memories flickering past my mind's eye. Closing my eyes as I feel aggression in the back of my mind. Not my own to be fair, my unwilling companion just doesn't like the charming pirate.   "Alright, you seem- Shulkyr looks very tired. I think that's too much for them." Fearne pats my back and I hum. How long has it been since someone other than my captain touched me in anyway that wasn't meant to harm? It's been so long. Before I know it, I'm picked up by the fawn.   "Let's go tuck you into bed." Fearne declares and I let my eyes slide shut,  'You're going soft. This will sting you pup, it always has.'   Just let me enjoy this, just once. Let me live. Please.~•~
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Everyone settles down for the night. Except for the drow who Fearne had tucked in. Nightmares assaulted and ravaged their mind. Forcing the huntress to snap awake. Shaken and pale and gasping. Their lungs and mouth tighten and feel like cotton.   Thankfully, the room they were tucked into is their own. When they attempt to get to their feet they hit their knees. Pain ravages through their frame as they heave for breath that isn't reaching their lungs. Blindly reaching for the stone hanging from their chain.   "King-" They wheeze and fall to their side, "-It's getting worse. It hurts." Their bones start to snap and threaten to displace. No bloodlust coating the pain of their transformation. "H- Help me. Please." They lose grip on their charm as the pain overrides their senses. Causing them to black out, lying limp on the cold floorboards. ~•~  Everyone slowly wakes up with the morning. Their heads pounding with the after effects of their merry drinking. Each do their routine. Before all gather together to eat early. Chattering and drinking water to recover. Ill as they are, it takes some time for them to notice one of their number is missing. "Maybe they're just sleeping in? They did say liquor isn't their strong suit." F.C.G. suggests and Dorian frowns,  "They tend to rise earlier than anyone else. Maybe someone should go check on them?" Dorian suggests and Ashton sighs,  "Fuck! Fine whatever, who's waking them up?"   "I will." Orym offers himself up and the others see him off. It's not long before he finds himself outside of Shulkyr's room. Knocking on the door and calling for them. After a while he gets no answer. Sparking the halfling to worry about them. Especially when he finally hears something and it's a pained whimper. His eyes blow wide and he's quick to race downstairs.  "Ashton! I need your lock picks." Orym calls and it startles the group,  "Shit!" The barbarian races upstairs and works on the door. Hearing the lock give with a loud click. The duo step inside. Making a rather startling early morning discovery. Shulkyr is lying on the hardwood. Their head is surrounded by a pool of stale blood. They seem unconscious as the pair race over. Kneeling beside Shulk and checking them over.   "What happened?" Dorian, Fearne, and Laudna all appear in the doorway. Taking in the scene before them. Dorian slips in and kneels beside their head. Taking in the blood dripping from their mouth. They seem seriously harmed, from what everyone can see. Almost as if they took a horrid beating. Dorian casts healing over them. Hoping to at least wake the drow. Whatever is happening. It solidifies the bard's concern.   They're hiding something, and the secret is getting much worse. He just needs to get the drow to admit it. But how?  Before Dorian can create his master plan. Dark green eyes flutter open and the drow wheezes.  "Ok, I'm starting to sound like a broken record here, but What the fuck is up with that?!" Ashton makes a face and demands. Even as they help Shulkyr to their feet. Giving the trembling drow someone to lean on. Discovering the genasi is actually a few inches shorter than the huntress.  "Are you ok? Can you come with us or do you want to rest in?" Imogen reaches into their mind,  "I-" Shulkyr can't push off of the genasi without falling back down, "I need a bit." They croak and the others are quick to agree. Only for Ashton roll their eyes. Moving to get a grip on the trembling drow.  "Fine. Whatever. Put your damn mask on, I'll carry you." Ashton helps them put their mask on. Which only confuses the rest, but the pair don't truly explain. Eventually, the starry night sky takes over Shulkyr's senses. As Ashton finally lifts the drow off their feet. Carrying the huntress bridal style.   "Fuck, you need a bath." Ashton grunts and Fearne hums,  "After yesterday I think we all need a bath. Are there springs here?" She looks to everyone else as they go,  "I think a bathhouse might work better." Dorian gently suggests as everyone heads out. All agreeing to go see Yash. It would be best to tell him about Dugger. Before chatting about what possibly happened to Shulkyr.   "They won't fucking say. They shared last night cause they were high and drunk as I usually am." Ashton snorts at the option to just ask them head on,  "Maybe-" Dorian steps up trying to think of how to get Shulkyr to spill the truth, "-Shulkyr seems tired lately, maybe if we pamper them, take them to a bathhouse and buy them something they like. Maybe if we get their walls to drop they'll feel more inclined to share?" Dorian puts out the idea as if the person he's scheming about isn't less than five feet from him.  Orym nods slowly as he takes in Dorian's words, "True, after all, all they said last night was they had a more intimate relationship with their former boss than we had suspected and that they were a criminal investigator. Things in hindsight we already knew."  "When you say it like that, Shulkyr sounds like such a good liar. I didn't even suspect it." Fearne hums the realization falling on the group. Ashton feels impressed for a moment. Here they thought they were the shadiest, and most untrusting one in the group. The Birdie is just full surprises- and explosives, apparently. Ashton snorts at the thought.   "Let's tie everything up and if we have nothing to do. We can take a break and try digging into it." Orym offers up the idea and everyone agrees. Heading to the hideout. Waking up Herron in the still early morning. Discovering a sleeping Yash who startles awake as Ashton rolls their shoulders. Noticing their quarry is getting- lighter? Doesn't help their aching shoulders from holding this pose, but it's something they catch on too.   "Does anyone have a spot I can put them down? Their killing my back." Ashton looks around and a figure rises. Offering up their cot.  "Dead?" They question and Ashton shakes their head,  "Nope, just really fucked up. Touch them and I'll kick your ass." Their form flickers for a moment. Startling the people around them. Though they keep an eye on the drow they return to the group. Putting their good side to face Shulkyr. Who's still none reactive on the cot. They said the mask helped them heal faster. How exactly does it do that? It seems like a powerful thing on the surface; If only it didn't leave them so helpless for an entire hour.    Despite splitting their attention Ashton manages to keep in the conversation. Their not the only one doing so. Laudna guarding over Dorian when someone stares eyeing the genasi. While Imogen keeps glancing over her shoulder at Shulkyr. Her nerves cause her mind to reach out. Trying to see if Shulkyr's thought returns to them. The emptiness she felt. It's something she's only noticed in the dead. Even Laudna doesn't do that.   Their minds brush and yet again. There's nothing but silence. No bustle, no music. Just silence. It makes the sorcereress's stomach sink with dread. What is happening to their friend? Worry and doubt finds itself a solid root in three of the group now. All thinking along the same course.   The smell of coffee draws her back into the conversation. While the rest finish their conversation with a suddenly too serious Yash. At least, until Fearne and F.C.G. decide to test if they can use the robot as a thermos. Yash's amused laughter fills the space as he makes coffee straight into the robot's mouth.   "I'm surprised you are all in one- except for your friend there." Yash nods to the sleeping figure,  "Oh!" Fearne jumps up as if his words caused her to think of something,  "You know a lot of what goes on this city right?"  "Well yea- it's somewhat important to what we do." Yash brags,  "Would you know about a rampaging werewolf in the city?" Fearne asks and the elf's eyes blow wide, he opens his mouth just as everyone else remembers,  "FUCK THE WOLF!!!" Everyone shouts,  "How the fuck did we forget about the werewolf that was fighting Dugger?!" Ashton drops into a squat, a hand on their face. Whispering 'fuck, fuck,' as everyone else face palms. Completely shocked by the fact they had forgotten. It's like how they never investigated the animated furniture.   "My apologies- there was a werewolf fighting Dugger?" Yash looks over the group,  "When we first encountered him. Before- Before he murdered our friend. It was a nasty fight." Imogen tucks a spare lock behind her ear, unsure how much to share,  "That is something quite significant to forget." Yash breathes baffled by the group,  "Yeah, yeah it is- fuuuucck." Ashton agrees from their spot,  "Well now that we've remembered. It is a good question. Would your group have heard of such a thing? They were on a rather violent rampage." F.C.G. wheels up to Yash, sloshing the coffee inside them,  "No shockingly not, it sounds like it would cause utter chaos, but now that you've mentioned it. We'll keep our eyes open."   "That sounds good- Oh and they are actually really friendly and have big green eyes." Dorian comments earning him some looks,  "What? I turned around and got face to face with them. Very big, almost goliath sized big black werewolf with almost glowing green eyes! I'm going to notice that." Dorian fumbles trying to defend himself,  "Yea, yea, I noticed it too, ran out of the darkness and got a face full of fur. They weren't that bulky actually, long limbed but shockingly lean. Long reach with those claws." Ashton recalls the odd shape of the werewolf. They seemed rather lean for something with all that power.  "Understood, lean black werewolf with pretty green eyes that's overtly friendly and you found attempting to kill Dugger. That the two of you seem to appreciate far too much. Noted." Yash comments with a smirk and Dorian instantly tries to back track. 'I didn't mean it like that!' While Ashton sits there and, after a moment, gives a shrug.  "To be fair, it's a werewolf. They have a humanoid form. If they're that pretty as a monster- they got to be a looker as themselves right?" Ashton gives a lopsided grin at Yash. Who, along with Fearne, makes a considerate face   "That's a fair point." Yash agrees and Fearne huffs,  "Damn, I never got a good look at them. Shame." She pouts and Yash is quick to try and get them to leave. Ashton going to pick up Shulkyr.  "Alright you need to wake up soon, or I'm gonna hang you off a ledge." The genasi growls at them though they don't mean it. At least, not if they wake up on time. Which isn't looking likely. Causing the barbarian some serious concern. Didn't they say it should only be an hour?  "Fuck." Ashton whispers as they shift a still limp Shulkyr. Earning looks from every passerby. Not that they can blame them. Even they would be shooting looks at this scene.  "Fuck." The sun is much higher than it had been when they first got here. The blanket of mist is melting away and revealing the jungle below. Sigmurh Riders are taking to the skies and stores previously locked are opening their doors.  It's been a lot longer than a fucking hour.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  

    'You can't keep me here.'
  'Oh, I'm quite sure that I can.' He answers and I watch a sun explode. Consuming everything in its path. Before I'm shifted to a different night.  'They need me back, I need to get back.'  'Not. Yet.' My senses are rushed by a foreign magic. That would make me sick if I could feel my form. By the Divine, I hate that. Of course that's why he does it, but still.   'You have been a fool. You've now aggravated your curse, and the damage it has done is reaching dangerous levels. If you don't take the time to let the beast settle, it will emerge and rip you, and your compatriots, into ribbons.'   'I know that.' But we've been on our feet so much. We had to hit the ground running. We still need to keep running. They'll leave me behind if I slip up. 
    'The feelings of your new 'friends' are none of my concern. Your health on the other hand. Well- I need you well and alive, pup.' 
  'They aren't-' The attempt at denial dies before I can finish it. Are they my friends? Ashton does have a point that friends is a strong word. Calling someone a friend does imply a level of closeness and trust. Can I say I have such a thing with this group? It's only been- what, two days, maybe three?   Rolling the thoughts in my head. They are rather sweet. Even if they're fairly nosey, and rather dramatic, and could make many better choices. My amusement bubbles up at the string of thoughts. They know very little about me and have offered quite a lot in return. There's something almost selfless about their actions.   I suppose they could become friends. Given some more time. If I can get more comfortable with them. It might go that direction.  'You're building a house of cards with a foundation of sand.' The spirit interrupts my hopeful thoughts, 'It'll only take the slightest breeze to topple this piece of carefully crafted paradise. Don't fool yourself into treasuring this moment. It will pass, as all moments do.'   Before I can counter him, my vision floods with color. Hissing my free hand shoots to my face. The sudden shift causes my eyes to burn. Once my eyes adjust I see I'm in a completely new place. Lying on a couch with an old woman in a chair near me. Knitting away with a bright red and pumpkin orange jumper. My sudden movement seems to startle her. She scrambles for her glasses.  "Oh, oh good afternoon dearie!" The woman smiles and puts her knitting aside. Getting to her feet with some serious effort.  "I can get you a bowl of the food. It'll be leftovers from what I shared with the rest of your friends so I hope you don't mind. Just a moment." Collecting myself, I swing my legs. Resting on them and looking down at the mask. Too confused with my foreign surroundings, and shaken by those mocking words to panic.   "My apologies, I don't know where I am." My words barely tumble out, my entire body is sore,  "Oh, I understand. When sweet Laudna and Imogen brought all their friends. You were still sound asleep." The old woman chuckles and introduces herself. Mrs. Zhudanna, apparently the woman who has been housing the pair of sorceresses. When I ask about the others she shuffles over with a bowl.  "Ah, you see, they apparently needed to speak with your employer. They didn't want to put you in harm's way, so I offered up my couch. They promised to return before nightfall." She explains and I nod along, enjoying the fruity meal,  "That was very kind of you. Thank you." Looking around the room. I find it has a homey feel to it. I slowly take it all in until my gaze stops on a beautiful glass piece.  "Where did you get such a gorgeous piece?" I breathe, turning to admire it better. It's glass shaped in a vase.   "Oh that one? I actually made that myself quite some time ago." She admits and I slowly nod,  "It's beautiful." She flusters at my compliment. Bringing it over to show it off to me. Revealing she's not some insane glass blower, but an insanely talented potter. Who dropped quite a lot to craft this piece. Magical elements incorporated into this particular display.  "I honestly thought it was glass work for a moment. The mage you paid did very well."  "That he did!" She agrees putting the piece away, "You know quite a lot about glass. Is that a passion for yours?"   "Somewhat?" From there our conversation spirals. I mostly lay back and listen to her slow speech. Listening to her reminiscing about her past. Explaining my own hobby when asked. Reaching into my many pouches I pulled out my tools.  "Those are quite small for glass tools." She notes and I nod, kneeling beside the furnace she brought to life for me,  "I'm a traveler, I can't really carry a full shop on my person. These tools are more than enough for me." Chuckling, I start the careful process of glass blowing. I don't usually have a plan in mind when I do this. Instead just going with whatever sways me and the heated glass. Letting go, I fall into the familiar method. The dancing flame and spinning glass enchanting me as I lose track of my surroundings.  Time only comes back when steam fills the air. Twisting my wrist I pull out the finished piece. Openly admiring the unintentional design.   "Oh that is so well done!" Zhudanna fawns as I hand her the cooled glass. It's a tall cup with orange at the bottom that swirls and fades into yellow and then the clear glass at the top. My tempering gave it an almost swirling decoration along the outside of the cup. Like clouds swirling in a vortex.   "If you like it, it's yours." I offer and she smiles,  "You're such a sweet child. I'll treasure it with my other gifts." She giggles and puts the cup near some other items. Which can easily be placed as gifts from Imogen and Laudna. One is a stack of books and the other seems to be a grim creation not too different from Paté. I can't help giving a small smile. I suppose she would see me as a child.  "I'm sure your friends would love to see it." She mentions and I hum,  "They don't actually know I can do this."  "Now that is quite the shame. I'm sure they would love to toss ideas your way. Friends give the oddest inspiration." She gives some rather wise advice and I nod.   "That's a fair point. Maybe I'll make them something. It's good stress relief either way." Zhudanna nods and settles down. Getting back to her knitting. While I choose more glasses, colored and plain, and set up for another piece. Maybe I should put more thought into this one? No, no, planning my pieces has never gone very well. Maybe I should just pick a person?   I'm rather torn on who to start with. So I reach into my pocket and decide rollies is the best way to go. It seems to be a thing to do around here. Mentally assigning numbers, I toss the dice. Seeing it ends up landing on four with a satisfying clatter. Hmm, that is a good sound. No wonder everyone likes this game.  With that, I start the long process of making the first of many gifts. Slowly calming as I go through the motions. Zhudanna even makes me a cup of tea as we work. The clock ticks and we fall into a comfortable silence. I could have woken up much worse than this. This is rather nice.  When I dip the finished item into the oil. The door opens and the group arrives. Glancing up, I hum and nod to Imogen in greeting. Who brightens up and calls my name. They file in and I get various reactions. Most of them are a mixture of relief and worry. Wanting to know if I'm really ok. It takes some reassurance to ease the bigger worriers like Imogen, F.C.G., and Orym. Ashton and Fearne thankfully just take it.  "So uh-" Dorian pipes up and catches my attention, "-Not to be a nosy nancy, but what are you up too?" He gestures to my set up and I hum,  "Oh, Zhudanna and I talked about hobbies. It's been ages since I've enjoyed mine so I took the chance." Pulling out the finished product. I kneel and start the finishing touches.  "Indeed!" The old woman joins in beaming at them, "Her and I-"  "They." I chirp and she pauses,   "Ah, my apologies dear. They saw my pottery and it turns out they do glassblowing!" Zhudanna explained, and happily shared what she and I have been up to.  "They woke up with quite a start! Though they seem to feel much better now. They're even making little trinkets." Zhudanna sings as I lay out the last piece. While she is more than happy to show off the glass I made.   "Oh, are you planning to sell them?" Imogen asks eyeing the pieces,  "No, I have something different in mind. I just need too-" Pulling out my other tools. I start working on the pieces. Catching someone reaching for one of them out of the corner of my eye. Swiping, I smack the fawn's hand.  "Fearne, this took me hours. Politely fuck off." She pouts and openly eyes my work.   "But Shulk-" She whines and I shake my head,  "I'll make you something later. But this one wasn't made for you." I scold her and she lights up,  "You'll make something for me?" She seems giddy at that offer, raising a brow I shrug,  "I intend to." That seems to satisfy the fawn. The party settles down. Taking turns and filling me in on what happened. Including their visit with Yash and Lord Esterhross. Which led to them taking another job. Handling the disappearances taking place at a popular theater.   "Are we doing that now?" I ask giving them all a skeptical look,  "I mean we were planning too- would you rather we didn't?" Orym checks, giving me an oddly warm look. I'm not used to being on the receiving end of that kind of care.  "Not particularly. Everything is still a bit-" Remembering last night I wince, pausing in my work,  "Speaking of-!" F.C.G. starts and my ear flicks, "-We were very concerned about you Shulkyr. You seemed unharmed, but if something happened. It would have been good to know to make sure nothing like that happens again." Before I can even attempt to answer. I catch the slightest cyan glow. Excitement shoots through me and I gasp. Desperately grasping at my sending stone, I feel the magic trigger. The familiar cheery voice filling my ears.   "Noon lovebird, been awhile, I'll be coming for those treats firstly." Snorting, I roll my eyes at the nickname. Not only that, of course he would prioritize the pastries. Him and his damn sweet tooth. "Secondly, I'm working on something with my contacts, treasure. It could actually help. Promise." His voice got soft in the second half. My ears fall and I hum. The stone loses it's cyan glow as the message ends. It's comforting hearing his reassurance.  "So was that him?" Fearne asks and is staring at my stone,  Jumping, I glance and see everyone watching me, right, sending stones send messages out loud, "Uh-"  "He's got an accent." Dorian notes, "Not one I've ever heard, but it's a very pleasant one." He praises and Laudna drops beside me.   "And he sounds so sweet on you! Lovebird? Treasure?" She teases and I start to burn. Deciding to busy myself with the piece. She giggles as I avoid answering or reacting. Which leads into F.C.G. and Fearne agreeing with her. Clearing my throat I shake my head.  "He talks like that to everyone." My counter earns me skepticism,  "I mean- even if that's true. He sounded rather gentle in his tone. It implies some kind of affection. Especially when he mentioned something that would help." She emphasizes the last part and we lock eyes for a moment,  "Was he referring to last night?" Orym asks me in the same tone he had used previously. After some quiet and me fiddling with my pieces. I shake my head from side to side.  "I panicked. I called him with the stone before I faded. That's all." My voice sounds rather weak. Even as the lie slips out. It's not really a lie I suppose. It's the truth, just not all of it. Orym stares at me and slowly nods.  "Alright." Orym let's it slide and Laudna bumps shoulders with me,  "So- if we push the whole theater deal aside for a bit. What do you recommend we do? Just relax? Maybe go shopping?" She explains with a mischievous smirk,  "How about a bathhouse?" Dorian adds and I perk up,  "It's been ages since I've been to a bathhouse." Some nostalgia and longing for home strikes my chest. Steam's Respite was such a nice place to relax before work. Especially around the time of festivals.   Dorian claps his hands and looks around, "Bathhouse it is! Frankly, I would like to bathe too. Especially after everything we trudged through during our little-" He nervously glances at Zhudanna who's back to knitting, "-conflict." He decides that's the best word for it. Nodding, I glance at Ashton.  "Is there anything like a bathhouse here? I haven't had a chance to look." They raises a brow and shrugs,  "Do I look like somebody who would know about bathhouses?" They ask gesturing to themself,  "Yes, but maybe someone else would know. You tend to know a lot of people anyway Ashton." Imogen presses and they make a face,  "I guess? Sure, fuck it. I know who might direct us to a good place." They decide and huff, pushing off the wall they were leaning against. Smiling, I continue to work my pieces. Getting them about halfway done before packing it away. Along with the rest of my tools.  "Ok, take the time to enjoy a nice bath and maybe a meal. Then deal with our new job. Sounds good!" Dorion smiles and I get to my feet. Saying goodbye to Zhudanna who smiles up at me. While everyone starts heading out.  "You take good care of yourself dearie. If you ever need some peace and quiet. Feel free to come visit me. It's been ages since I had someone to chat about work with." She pats my hand and I nod,  "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you, Zhudanna." With that we part from the kindly old woman. Ashton taking the lead. They walk us to the Spire by Fire. Revealing the most likely person they know to know the location of a bathhouse is Ishir. The hulking lion man directed us to a place called 'Simurgh's Pool.' Named as such because the owner is a former Simurghs Rider who's mount was responsible for sniffing out the location. Which is sat on top of a hot spring. At least, that's the story Ishir gives us. So we head out once again. While on our walk everyone shares the reason F.C.G. sloshing. Which has been bothering me for some time. They aren't supposed to make that sound. I think.  "You're filled with coffee?" I blink owlishly at the robot,  "At the moment, yes! Mr. Mangal made some and Fearne wanted to store it for later." They explain and I give a slow nod.  "Somehow- not the oddest thing I've ever heard." There's shifting at my side and I feel one of them bump shoulders with me,  "Really?" Imogen makes a skeptical sound and I shrug,  "When you have several friends posted at a very boring post. Ridiculous things tend to happen." Scuffing, I run through my memories of the shenanigans we would get up too. Especially my old vice captain. That silly man.  "There is no guard more dangerous than a boring guard." I quote the old saying to the woman. Earning a giggle from her. It's nice to hear them being happy. They deserve it after the fight they trudged through. Both figuratively and literally.   "Looks like we're here!" Ashton announces and we all look up. It's quite big even compared to the bathhouses back home. Being multi-leveled like the Spire by Fire. When we walk inside I see it's open roofed. Revealing each level has a pool with waterfalls between them. Getting more and more extravagant and private the higher you go. Along with the pools likely getting smaller the fancier. The biggest pool, the most open one in front of us, could easily hold crowds of people.   Some people are already here enjoying the steaming hot spring. There's a counter to the right of us. Manning the desk is a feline woman, bright orange and dark striped with bright green eyes. Dressed in clothes meant to keep their fur from overheating them in the steam filled room. She beams showing off large pearly whites.  "Morning dears, it's always a pleasure to see new faces." The tigress purrs as we approach,  "Smiley day to you! I'm Fresh Cut Grass and these are my friends." The robot introduces themself and the woman hums,  "A speaking robot? Now that is something unique." She giggles and looks over each of us.  "They are, and we are all in need of a bath." Dorian jokes and we all agree with him,  "Of course, seeing as this is your first time. Do you want to know everything we offer, or just want somewhere to bathe?" She asks for our preferences and everyone shares some glances. Seeming to come to a silent agreement. Excluding me from the entire interaction. What the fuck happened when I was out?  "We'd really like to know what all there is. Your guidance is more than appreciated." Imogen brushes her hair behind her ear. Smiling at the tigress and I raise a brow. Is she already trying for a discount, or is this completely unintentional? I genuinely can't tell at this moment.  "It's my pleasure, we have four levels to the bathhouse. The first is the cheapest, only ten copper per person, it's a simple bath with the least privacy. The second level has more privacy as its main feature. Costing a silver per person. Both the third and fourth levels can be rented for private use. The third one is again smaller, but could hold your entire party comfortably. It also comes with the option to have oils and sanitary items brought to you. Costing five silver per person. The fourth-" She hums and looks our group over,  "There wouldn't be much extra room, but it should also hold your group. It has the most privacy and the best view. Letting you look out across the spires, you can order the same items, and even order the attention of my staff who are trained masseuses." She explains and I perk up at that. It's been ages since I've had a proper massage.   "It's a gold per person, and a half hour with the masseuse is another gold." That's actually a really good price for what it is.   "Fourth floor sounds good. It sound good?" Dorian asks, looking over the group. His gaze stopping on me for a moment too long. Before he moves on to someone else.  "It sounds very good to me." Fearne agrees and Ashton shrugs,  "I'm not complaining. Less comments my way." They grumble shifting their hammer. Trying to lean against the wall again. Raising a brow at that I can't help being curious. What are they talking about?  "I'd like that. Is there extra for renting the entire room so no one joins us?" I agree checking with the owner who nods,  "Yes, it depends on the level. The third costs twenty silver, and the fourth costs an extra ten gold." She explains and I nod.  "Sounds good to me. Who wants a masseuse? I'm getting one." Collecting eight gold I put it down.  "I would like one too. I'll cover the other half of the rent too." Fearne puts down her own eight gold. Covering the rent, herself, and an hour with staff. Everyone else pays for themselves and shifts unsure about the masseuse.  "If you'd like to pay them directly, should you change your mind. Feel free too. They also accept tips." The woman shares and it puts most at ease. Laudna and Dorian each end up dropping an extra two gold for sanitary supplies. Shampoo, conditioners, oils, and the whole package. She takes our coin and happily sends us up. Revealing there's a series of stairs carved in to ascend the levels.  We all head up to the fourth level. The whole expanse of the bathhouse spread out below us. As we start heading to the fourth level. We start to pass the open roof being greeted by the bright sky and the spires.   "Woah." Imogen breathes clinging onto Laudna.   "Now this is quite the sight." Her partner agrees and I can't help agreeing. It's not the same as the endless expanse of the ocean, but this sight is beautiful in it's own right. Now if only it didn't make my stomach do flips in fright. I end up forcing a big breath, shuddering. Hugging myself as I try to hug the side of the stairs that's not an open free fall.  "It is very pretty. It's like being on an airship again." Fearne giggles and Dorian and Orym happily agree with her. Humming, I end up causing the halfling to look at me. Did it really come out that distressed?  He smiles and offers me his hand. It's a silent reassurance and I take it. Orym does have a comforting presence despite his size. The action reminds me of times long gone. When I was just a child and still guarded by a similarly kind and warm figure. He comforts me silently and squeezes my hand. After a few more steps, we finally arrived at the top.   Getting a gorgeous view of the spires and pool. Which is lightly steaming and bubbling. Is this one the source of the rest? Orym leads me along as everyone starts to settle. Shedding layers and piling our stuff where it can't be rifled through. It feels heavenly as I sink into the crystal water. The heat soothes my aches and pains.   "Oh~ This is nice." Fearne sighs and sinks into the pool beside me. Glancing to the side, I hum in agreement and appreciation. The fey are blessed with beauty aren't they? By the Divine, I just can't help my mind wandering can I? Sighing, I perk up, hearing giggling. Seeing Laudna and Imogen have gotten comfortable. The purple haired woman seems the more embarrassed of the two.  "It is." Dorian sighs as staff arrive. Giving us towels and oils and other products. Two figures linger and I look them over. The first is a half orc woman with tied back dusty brown hair, sun-kissed skin, and caramel colored eyes. The second is a dark furred tabaxi man with leopard print, pierced ears, bright blue eyes, and both are dressed similarly to the tigress behind the counter. Though their clothes match so it must be a uniform.  "I believe two of you ordered an hour with us each?" The tabaxi purrs and I hum, while Fearne lights up.  "Her and I." I gesture between myself and the fawn,  "We did just arrive though. If we can bathe first it would be much more comfortable for all parties. If you two don't mind." I explain and the pair light up. Ah, the job of a masseuse. How many pay without bathing properly? You poor things.  "That's kind," The half orc chuckles and nods, "Take your time. Just call with the bell and we'll return." She explains and puts a silver bell down beside us. We swap gratitude and names. The half orc, Rokka, and her tabaxi companion, Quick of Foot and Howl of Wind or just Howl.  "I like them." Fearne cooes and I nod,  "Agreed, which one do you want?" I ask grabbing oils and items,  "I like Rokka." She giggles and I nod,  "I've always had a soft spot for tabaxi." I chuckle and we agree who gets who. Everyone settles and chatters. Taking their time to bathe. I lather up and take it slow. The oil gently numbs the aches and removes the muck and dirt. It's been so long since I've bathed. The smell of lavender and green tea fills the air. After a thorough scrub down, I dip under the water. Cleaning out the soap and the remaining ick.   Rising out of the water, I take a deep breath. My chest strains at the action. Yet it feels rather nice to have the fresh air. Running my hands through my hair. Working out the knots and twisted locks. There's a loud gasp and a 'holy shit' from the others. Looking up, I give them all an odd look.   "What?" I ask and it's Laudna who pipes up first, beaming at me,  "Shulk! Your purple is coming out." She cooes, and after a moment I fish out a mirror from the pile of items the staff brought.  "Your hair is dyed!?" Dorian cries out as I sift through my hair. My roots are back to their usual blonde color, and halfway down it bleeds slowly revealing the rest of the color. My violet dye is strongly fading. Glancing down, I see the water has actually turned purple.   "Yeah." I confirm and mess with my hair a bit. This looks awful, I should have known it would come out. It's been months. I was still on the ocean the last time I did it. Am I out of dye?  "Your a fucking blonde?" Ashton asks and it sounds almost mocking,  "Yea." I grunt,  "I didn't know a drow could be blonde." Orym seems genuinely curious about it. Which makes my heart warm a bit.   "I've got a bit of a human in me. The hair and eyes are from my father's side. He was half-drow." I remind the party and they nod.   "It's not just blonde it's practically golden." Dorian whines, sounding almost jealous.   "Yea It's- it's glaring." I grumble, growling at it. Damnit, I'm out of dye! Where can I get some around here?  "It looks nice." F.C.G. chirps and I raise a brow at the robot.   "Blonde doesn't look good on a drow." I counter, sounding more bitter than I intended to. The mask laughs from where it's lying on top of my clothes.   "Yea, and green and yellow don't go together, but I don't think I look that bad!" Ashton gestures to their arm and face. They have a fair point. Green and yellow really shouldn't work together. But they do look nice. Maybe it's countered with purple?  "I think it looks really nice." Fearne compliments and before I know it. She's playing with my hair again.   "Human and drow don't balance well." I retort again and her ear flicks,  "I have to disagree with you." F.C.G. continues to bicker with me, "I think you look stunning." The robot praises and I snort. Eyeing the freckles along Fearne and Imogen. What I wouldn't do to be able to have freckles. They always looked pleasing to me.   "Except for-" Dorian starts and clears his throat. Leaning over and eyeing my torso. "-All the bruises. I mean that's a lot of bruises." Dorian points out and I drop my gaze. My ribs look like someone splattered dark purple paint on me. The wounds and aches are swelling at various rates. I guess that's what happens when your bones constantly snap and shift. Not that I'm telling any of you that. Just as the thought registers, I feel the wriggle of Imogen reaching into my mind.  "You're prodding." I deadpan as Fearne tilts my head. What is she doing with my hair? It's not like I have that much to play with.  Imogen jumps and flushes more. Now from embarrassment more than the heat. She leans into Laudna. Muttering her apologies to me.   "Accepted. I'm gonna ring the bell." Announcing it, I ring the bell. Not long after the duo reappeared. Howl attended to me and Fearne got Rokka's attention. The two of us rose out of the pool to be taken care of properly.   Chattering with the duo and passing the time. Getting a full body massage each. Along with our nails and feet done. Rokka actually seeming to have experience with hooves. By the end, I'm slack and feeling better than I have in some time. King would have a stroke knowing I did this without him.  "You look more content and drowsy now than drunk. You fucking weirdo." Ashton snorts and I glance at them,  "It feels nice." I mumble and they snort, "It does. Masseuse are actually pretty strong. Try it."   "No fucking way." Ashton shakes their head,  "I'll pay." That usually shifts their opinion. But currently it doesn't seem to help.  "I really don't wanna. Too much-." They make a noise and gesture. Howl chuckles as I tip him five gold.  "If you ever change your mind. We're always here to attend to you." Howl nods and we say goodbye to the pair. Rather than getting back in the pool. I sit beside the edge next to Ashton. Curiosity getting the best of me.  "How do you clean your crystals without fucking up your hands?" I prod and they jump,  "It's not that hard. Pull." They offer and let me mess with their 'hair'. They're right, it's not as hard as I was expecting. It's cold and similar to a softstone like limestone. Pulling a bit I watch their eyes flutter. Leaning back so as not to pull against me. Revealing most of their front. Not the worst reaction I've seen to pulling someone's hair.  "Oh wow, Weird." Satisfied, I let their head go. Letting Ashton get back to washing.   "So after this, where are we going?" Fearne asks and Orym perks up,  "I think we all agreed to go to the theater, right?" Everyone agrees, once we finish. We're heading off to the ominous theater. I'm content with it honestly. This was a nice break. Now, if only I could ask Ashton why they have two matching gold stripes on their chest? 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  After some more relaxing, and my vain attempts to forcefully remove the rest of my hair dye, we all dress back up. Renewed and feeling fresher after dealing with Dugger. Once we're out the door, I look across the group, curious. "So. Does anyone know where this theater is?"  Silence. Sighing, I take in their caught in the headlights looks. Some of them even fluster and break eye contact. "Ok." My gaze slides over to a certain earth genasi once again,  "Hey gemstone-" They drop their head back with a groan,  "Fuuuck, we need to get you assholes a map. I'm not a fucking tour guide." They complain, but once again they take the lead. Smirking, I follow behind them along with everyone else. The others giggling behind them. Earning us all scathing over the shoulder glares. Eventually they lead us back down into a familiar blissful dark of inside the Spire. I can't help the sigh of sweet relief that comes out. My dark vision kicks on as I follow the faint glow of Ashton's slag glass. Do they know the inside of their head let's out light? Probably not.   We sneak inside the krook house. Implying Ashton may not know much themselves, but damn if they don't always 'have a guy for that'. Inside we don't meet the dorky and sweet human inventor. Instead we find a gorgeous looking half orc woman with pointed ears similar to my own. Are they half elf? I've never met a half orc, half elf before. She's- wow.  Ashton greets her as Anni. Another resident of the Krook house. Apparently a bard who wants to audition at the very theater we're looking for. Perfect. Though before we can ask about it. F.C.G. mentions something about her having stage fright. Something that Dorian, as an experienced bard, could possibly help her with.   "Grass, you're kind of insulting her-" Before I can advise the robot to keep their mouth shut. The lounging half orc gets aggressive. Mocking Dorian and challenging him to 'duel'. Sighing, I shake my head. Everyone gives Dorian a bit of encouragement. F.C.G. giving words, Orym gives him a blue flower, and one of the mages spells his name out in lights. The robot rolls up to me and I glare at them.  "Grass, you need to stop starting fights." I scold and they jump surprised,  "I didn't mean to cause any sort of conflict. I was just trying to be helpful!" F.C.G. announces and I rub the bridge of my nose. My mother would have me beaten if I ever said such a thing. That sours my mood as I growl. No, no, that's not the way to go about this. What would my father have done? It takes me a moment to find the words. F.C.G. doesn't have a lot of world experience so I need to make things clear. Unfortunately, I can't just assume they'll catch implications.  "I know you didn't mean to start a fight. We all know that, but you did. People have pride-" I nod to the pair who have started playing some dramatic yet nice dance music, looking down at the robot who's giving me their full attention, "-Pride makes people react poorly to things meant to be kind. What you say that's meant to be encouraging may sound condescending to someone. Even if you say what someone needs to hear; It may not be what they want to hear. Which leads to fights and fists being thrown. You've got to think before you speak, sometimes it's even better to not speak at all, unwelcome words can cause a lot of damage to someone's mental health. Just- please learn to practice some tact." The robot absorbs my words, owlishly blinking. Just as I hear a high pitched run. Looking back to the music battle. I see Anni has gotten to her feet. Pressuring Dorian into a solo he catches beautifully.   "I believe I understand Mrs. Shulkyr. You have my sincere apologies. You soul-touched are even more complex than I had thought. I'll try harder to improve my communication skills." Fresh Cut Grass declares and I smile down at them.  "I know you will." That causes the robot to beam up at me. Just as I hear an ear shattering schink! The music dies and being replaced with a flurry of curses. Taking in the scene, I watch Anni stomp around. Clinging to their fiddle with a newly broken string hanging from it. All while barely managing to admit Dorian is better than she had expected between her fitful words.   "Anni are you ok?" Imogen asks and that seems to cause the half orc to break. Storming out the front with barely restrained rage. Slamming the door and shaking the building. Everyone starts to settle when the door swings back open. Anni appearing for a moment to shout at Ashton that they've got something waiting for them in their room. Then disappearing with another slam of the door.   "She's animated isn't she?" I ask and glance to Ashton. Only to see something is wrong. The earth genasi isn't pale per say. But something Anni said defiantly shook them. Raising a brow, I catch their good eye.  'You good?' They shake their head mouthing back to me,  'We'll see.' That isn't very reassuring. While everyone chatters I watch Ashton slip away. Probably to go grab whatever was delivered to them. There's twinge in my chest. It's a familiar feeling of- protectiveness, possessiveness, something in between? I suppose that's the closest I've ever gotten to describing it. Though it's only ever extended to a small group of people. So it's not as if I've ever had much chance to sort out whatever it is.   I don't really have a chance to focus on it. As Ashton is quick to reappear with a letter in hand. Catching everyone's attention. The prying starts instantly as curious eyes try to catch sight of the letter. Curiousity nips at me, but I'm more focused on how panicked Ashton looks to give it more than a passing acknowledgement.  "Gemstone, that bad?" I chirp and they shoot me a glance,  "It's something." They mutter nearly bouncing on the heels of their feet. Who scared the shit out of Ashton?  "Let's go talk to Effid." Ashton decides and starts ushering us along. Effid, who's this one? Everyone's reactions implies they recognize the name.   "Effid?" I ask and Imogen perks up,  "Effid is one the people Milo told us to ask when we were looking for Yash's group." Her words ring in my mind. Nodding, I eye Ashton, getting to their side and sticking close.  "How bad is Effid?" They jump and nervously glances at me,  "Effid is- Uh. Well. Effid is someone you want to be in good with, and they're a little- not Dugger levels- but they're a bit scary?" They seem unsure if scary is the right word.   "In general or to you?" I whisper and they make a face,  "Depends." They mumble as Imogen catches up to us,  "What are you whispering about?" She asks and it echoes in my head,  "If they fucked Effid." I lie both verbally and mentally to the sorcereress. Ashton jumps and shouts something. Probably in marquesian considering Imogen laughs in response. Seeing as I know those two are the only ones I know in this group to speak the language. Though most people we pass likely do too.  "If who did what to Effid!?" Dorian pries and Ashton growls.   "If you weren't beaten to shit I would fucking deck you right now." Ashton snarls at me quietly and I turn to face him a bit better. As the group arrives at some frightening organic building that's a weaving mess of nets and wood and metal.  "Feel free. I'm migraine free and my torso is what's fucked. Not my head." I offer and the group starts up protest. Just as Ashton smirks and decks me. Hard.  The crunch of their fist breaking my nose fills the air. Followed by the shouts and gasps of the rest. While they react, I catch myself with a few stumbling steps. Grinning, I hear the others call my name. Shaking with laughter, I feel something bubble up. The looks I get as I start laughing show I may have scared most. Ashton however beams at me. Matching my laughter with their own.   'Eager for a brawl as they are. They remind me of you on full moons.' The mask mocks as Ashton and I bump shoulders. All of us entering the creepy building. At least decking me seems to have helped them relax. I can take a broken nose if it eases that tension.   We look around and I sniff at the smell of the place. How does it smell dirtier in here than the Krook house? Before I can even attempting to guess. Ashton announces our presence. Calling out for this mysterious Effid. It takes a moment before I see something dart and move erratically along the ceiling. My eyes pin to the movement. The subject slowly coming into view and revealing itself.  Effid, is apparently a brown feathered, yellowed eyed bird person. I really should learn what they're actually called.  Getting a clearer view of Ashton's aquatiance. I notice his arms, normally just wings on the rest, appear twisted, partially plucked, and broken. Though the fact he's using them implies they aren't. Whatever made them that way clearly ruined their arms beyond repair. At least in terms of flight.   The creepy eyes of this thing settles on Ashton. Effid greets them and his speech matches his appearance, slow and creepy. Ashton is quick to ask Effid who delivered the letter. Leading the bird to confirm they saw who did. Someone who seemed to be rich courier. I tuck that away for later. Apparently Dorian isn't the only one tied to the upper class in our party.  The exchange is an eerie one. This entire thing is setting me unnaturally on edge.  Honestly, I don't like when they refer to Ashton as 'Cracked one'. Effid then gets far too close to Ashton for my liking. Before deciding to end the conversation. Only stopping to give their attention to a talkative Fearne. Who claims they remind her of someone.  "Do you know personal space?" I ask, giving the bird a narrowed gaze,  "Shulk-" Ashton starts as Effid's attention snaps to me. They twist and spider crawl over to me. Swinging right into my personal space. Giving me an intense wide eyed stare.  "Oh you- I've seen you." They breathe and I shift,  "You've probably seen all of us by the sound of it." I counter and he chuckles,  "Yes. That I have. But you- I've seen you long before now. Do your companions know of your- nightly adventures?" If a bird could smirk, he would be. Not that he needs a mouth to do that. The smug nature of it is dripping from his words. My blood runs cold as I stare down Effid. Suddenly, I understand why this person freightens Ashton so much.  "Nightly adventures?" Dorian asks incredulously,  "Is this more about your bedroom life?" Fearne eagerly asks and I glance at her. Before focusing back on Effid.   "Or crime life." Laudna sings, seeming genuinely invested. Tapping her black claws together. Leaning into the corner of my vision.   "Does this have to do with last night?" Orym gently asks and I can't bring myself to look at him,  "Shulkyr?" Imogen calls, silence falling over the group.   'What happened last night Shulk?' Imogen reaches in and I panic,  "Mr Effid sir, are you aware of how our friend came to harm?" F.C.G. asks and my gaze narrows. Reaching in, I snap the connection between Imogen and I. Before she catches something I don't want her too. Seeing as I can't trust my own thoughts, or a certain mask not to betray me.  "Harm? Yes, I suppose that would cause you quite a lot of harm. How hasn't it killed you yet?" The bird cooes tilting his head and it sends chills down my spine,  "I manage-" It almost feels like a physical strike breaking gazes with Effid, "-Ashton is that all you needed?" The genasi gives me a look. It screams suspicion as well as sympathy. For as doubtful as this makes them. They seem to have experienced Effid's taunting before.  "Yeah, I'm good. Let's head to that theater." The gratitude and relief that floods me is overwhelming. Maybe I should push making something for Ashton to the forefront? Or buy them a fuck ton of beer? Both? Both sound good to me.  "Wait- we're just leaving after that?" Dorian hisses giving me a suspicious look, that nervous energy from when we first met back in full force,  "Ashton said they're good, but I will admit I am very curious." Fearne hums and I return Dorian's suspicious look,  "Dorian, did we wrong you at some point?" I ask and the genasi leaps out of his skin,  "What?!" He squeaks completely caught off guard,  "We?" Imogen asks and I feel the wriggle of her presence in the back of my head again. Trying to get back in.   "Drow. You gave me that same look when we met. That judging, untrusting look that I'd get from anyone who lived back home who wasn't another drow." I mentioned what I had let slide, changing the topic to something just as jarring, though more so for him than me.  "N-No! Of course not. I'm not like that!" The genasi pales and takes clear offense to my suggestion he's being judgmental because of my race,  "Then what is it?" I chirp, raising a brow and he bites his lip. Glancing quickly at Orym and Fearne. Oh? So those two know something about this. A shared experience perhaps?  "It's not drow themselves." Orym pipes up and I turn my attention to him,  "We had a bad run in with an artifact of your people." I stare trying to discern what 'artifact' they could be referring to.  "One of the Luxon or the forgotten mistress?" I ask and they give me a confused look each,  "The Luxon? I didn't know the drow had more than one goddess." Fearne seems excited at the prospect of learning about my people.   "The Luxon are gods of light. In Wildmount they're responsible for freeing a large portion of drow from the mistress's shackles. Very few of us worship the mother of spiders anymore." They all absorb that information. Dorian flushing in blatant embarrassment.   "Oh." He rubs his neck, suddenly unable to look me in the eye. Ah, it must have been an artifact of Lolth then. Maybe even some of the mistress remaining followers? If they're all from Tal'dorei it would make sense.  "Actually if we're learning about drow." Laudna pipes up giving me an excited smile,  "I've never met one besides you darling, and I know Imogen hasn't either. Honestly, I don't think any of us have. Why don't you tell us a bit? Seeing as there's clearly some- misconceptions- circulating through our group." She asks and I give shrug,  "I don't see why not-" I glance back at Effid. Watching the bird start to scutter away on their network of nets and cords. "-But let's leave the bird's nest first, shall we?" Everyone agrees and leaves the hut. Deciding to walk and talk on our way to the theater. Starting with the topic Laudna had suggested.  "So these Luxon! Tell us about them." Laudna loops her arm with mine as we go, nearly skipping beside me,  "They're a unique god. Truthfully, I haven't mingled with most of my people growing up in the empire. But I do know most of the drow following the Luxon live on the surface in Xhoras. Existing as a new group called the Krynn, led by the Luxon's chosen, The Bright Queen. As for the followers of the mistress. Only small factions remain. Most fled to Tal'dorei since the Luxon ran them out. Only the most stubborn of the spider's dens chose her and to stay." There are some more questions shot my way. Simple things, what's a den? How do the Krynn exist above ground? How does the empire treat them? The general things. Dorian still can't look me in the eye. Though by the time their curiosity is sated. I feel the group as a whole has a better understanding of me and my culture.  "Ok, that's a bunch of questions answered." Imogen hums before her eyes glide over to Ashton,  "Maybe it's Ashton's turn to answer some?" She gently suggests and all eyes pin on them. I don't envy the spotlight swinging over to them. The letter once again became the center of everyone's attention. The sorceress presses the genasi. Who only keeps saying it might be something. It's something they need some privacy to handle. Clearly, they don't want to share what's up yet.  Until she irritates them into a compromise. Ashton let's Imogen read the letter. After they've nearly doctored the entire thing. Which causes her to huff and puff. Straining to see what they crossed out at first. Only to find the effort is in vain.  "It's a compromise. No one's happy." Ashton huffs as we make a turn. Imogen reads the one thing they didn't completely black out.  "What does that mean?" She looks at the genasi who shrugs,  "Something- maybe." They answer the same way as before. As we walk into the theater. I take in the entire scene. Seeing parts of plays that appear almost like sculptors. Except they slightly move, ever so slowly. Like a play being reenacted by magical illusions. Most of the people who seem to work here are all dressed in black and golden attire. I'm at least thankful that it is rather dark here.   My dark vision kicks in as we approach one of the staff. Trying to get some seats to the show out of them. F.C.G, the matron bless them, mentions the disappearances right then and there. Causing the man to panic and hiss at us. Dorian swoops in before anyone else can. Discreetly flashing ten mother fucking platinum. Rich boy, indeed.  The staff swaps their tone real quick. Getting us seats in one of the boxes. Giving us a good view of the stage. Along with an old dragonborn escort. Who leaves us to our devices once we're settling down. They're still swapping over to the next show.   "I've never been in a theater before." I mumble and that earns me a gasp,  "Are there no theaters in Wildmount?" Fearne looks at me, curiously, doe eyed and smiling. She has no right to be this cute when so fond of fire.  "Not anywhere I went." I explain, unable to help the almost childish excitement bubbling in me. Before anymore chatting happens the dragonborn from before returns. Saying someone wants to speak with Dorian. Specifically, and only, Dorian.  This causes everyone's hackles to rise. Each one offers to go with Dorian. F.C.G. suggesting Fearne turn into something small. Maybe a rat, or snake, so she can tag along with Dorian. Shifting, I start fiddling with stones hanging from my neck. Getting the stone the party purchased free.   "Dorian, Here." I hand over the sending stone. He jumps but takes it. When he grabs it I make sure to get a grip on his hand. Giving him a reassuring squeeze. Taking a deep breath and nodding to him.  "Think of Orym and say the word." I explain letting go of his hand,  "Oh, t-thank you, Shulkyr." Dorian mumbles, probably shocked. Ashton snorts from beside me,  "They're right. You shout and we'll be right there." They reassure the other genasi and we all agree with them,  "Right. I'll be back." Dorian promises to be safe. Before heading out to meet with this stranger. My fingers twitch as I watch the door. Whoever it is, they aren't waiting in the hallway for him. That causes my nerves to flare. There's a heavy thud and some stomping. Glancing over my shoulder I see it's Ashton. They've dropped their hammer and the stomping is their boot on the block of glass. They're watching the door with the same intensity.   "He'll be alright." Fearne mumbles playing with her hair. Even as she's still watching the door.  "Of course he will. We wouldn't allow it to end any other way." Orym mumbles, clinging to the other sending stone. Looking over the group I see everyone has tensed. While his death didn't faze me. It's clear the circumstances of his death have left a mark. Paranoia is reeking from our group. This- this needs to be amended.   "Breath." The tone that comes out is my 'captain's voice.' The one I tend to take on when throwing around orders. All eyes focus on me.  "If you're freaking out when he calls, if he calls, you'll scramble. So breathe." I advise them and they each take the time to react. Everyone's still tense, but Ashton's ticking has stopped. Fearne has dropped her hair to simply hug herself. Orym's grip has loosened just the slightest bit. The seconds turn to minutes. Feeling like hours- slow, unbearable hours. When the door opened again. Revealing an unharmed Dorian. The relief that floods the room is physical.  "Who was it?" Imogen asks and the bard hums,  "Oh, just a fan. They recognized me on our way in." He chuckles and my ear flicks. What is with that nervous chuckle?   "So you're famous!" F.C.G. chirps and Dorian flushes,  "I suppose so." He approaches me and offers me the stone.  "I think it's better with you. Thank you." He smiles and I take the stone. Taking in a deep breath. My eyes narrow as I undo my necklace. Putting the stone back into place.  "I'm getting really tired of all the strangers we're meeting today." Imogen sighs and Dorian gives that chuckle again,  "Yea. Really sick of strangers." Maybe I'm looking too much into his words. But there sounds like something spiteful is fueling those words.  "No one likes an unwelcome guest." I agree and Dorian glances at me. The new smell of cinnamon has faded now. Whoever he interacted with didn't touch him too much. It wouldn't leave so easily otherwise.   "No. You're right." He agrees as we all settle down for the show. Dorian once again anxious around me. Though seemingly for an entirely new reason. It seems someone else is keeping secrets.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  Everyone chatters with Dorian as we all settle down. The lights of the chamber dim. Everyone except Shulkyr is forced into quiet darkness. Their darkvision kicks in as a troupe of six acrobats walk on stage. Starting their performance after an unknown complaint from the crowd who had thought it would be otters. Only to be hushed as the six leap and flip in a flurry of gymnastics. Tension raising as they pass and dance around one another. Narrowly missing fatal impacts and disaster.  The group seems to chant a powerful melody as they perform. An odd seesaw-like device is rolled onto the stage behind them as they finish their first act. Beginning the second they change the song. Singing another tune completely. As the acrobats climb up the sides of the contraption. Launching one another into the air. Doing flips and tricks. Grabbing onto iron bars and spinning with practiced movements.  The show of singing acrobats only grows more dangerous with each act. One narrowly avoids breaking their body into the stage as they're caught by the rest. Rising dramatically as they're lifted into the air. Starting yet another song with the beginning of the third act. This one sounds almost heavenly. Complimenting the most dangerous piece of their act. As they perform masterfully and the third act reaches its climax. Disaster strikes as one slips in their movements.  Taking a hard fall that causes the entire crowd to gasp. Quiet overcoming the theater as the other acrobats stop. Shulkyr who had been enchanted with childish wonder gasps. Ashton lets out a faint bark of a laugh. Earning them a half assed punch to the arm from the blood hunter. Just as the performer who had hit the ground manages to get to their feet. Playing off the fall with Shakespearan dramatics. Earning a round of worried applause from the crowd. Before they're led off stage by the rest of their troupe.  After the performers leave the stage. There's some time before an older extravagantly dressed half elven man walks onto stage. Wearing a leopard lined cloak with slicked back amber hair. He closes the show with a suspicious add on of no refunds. Which successfully confuses the bunch. Shulkyr pouts and let's out something akin to a whimper.   "Shitty way to end a show." Ashton mumbles and everyone talks,  "But I want more." Shulkyr whimpers and reaches for their necklace, fiddling with it,  "Maybe we can find another place?" F.C.G. suggests as Dorian tries to find someone to speak to. Ashton comments that they need to get backstage.   "I smell money." They press and everyone agrees it would be a good idea. Taking the time to actually sort out a plan on what to do. Before making their move. Approaching the elderly dragonborn who had led them to the box seats earlier. Imogen and Dorian take the lead in trying to lie to him. Fearne and F.C.G. jumping in with the wrong name. Scrambling the lie and raising suspicion. Causing the dragonborn to leave and confirm they were in fact given permission.   "That could have gone better." Imogen sighs and everyone agrees to just sneak backstage,  "Oh! I have an idea." Laudna is beaming as they take the lead in creating a distraction. Using thaumaturgy to create the sound of someone backstage shouting fire. Even creating a little smoke to push the lie full force. Successfully causing people to start scrambling. Considering most of the party is spotted, and commented on by the passersby. Shulkyr doesn't bother sneaking as they all get behind the curtains. Shooting a glare at someone who makes a comment about 'odd one.' Sending the stranger scrambling. Which satisfies the drow even though they don't know who the stranger was referring to. Frankly, Shulkyr couldn't care less. They're just pleased the person is gone.   Once they all slip past the curtain. They see the performers attending to their harmed friend. F.C.G. whirrs along. Nearly rams into the half elven man from before. Getting scolded just as Shulkyr pulls up behind them with Imogen. Discovering F.C.G. trying to explain they only want to help. Though the man doesn't seem to believe the robot in the slightest.  "He is a rather talented medical practitioner." Imogen sings and Shulkyr nods,  "Fresh Cut Grass-" The drow chirps and the half elf looks at them, "-Apologies, this is our heal bot. They're capable of healing magic." The drow bows their head as the half elf agrees to let F.C.G. help. Though he does try to make the group leave.  "They're our automaton, I'm afraid, when we leave them alone. People tend to try and steal and dismantle them. So once they've finished we'll be happy to leave." Shulkyr lies through their teeth, earning an annoyed look from the man.   Only for Imogen to pipe up about how much they adored the show. Especially with the great view from their box seats. Which causes all of his attention to snap to the rest. Clearly more interested in the promise of money than butting heads with the drow. The rest chat him up as Shulkyr accompanies F.C.G. to the injured performer's side. Explaining what they're here to do. Calming any confusion and worry.  "Oh, thank you." One of the performers mumbles as F.C.G. begins trying to help,  Reaching for their back, gently laying it there and casting cure wounds. Followed by a faint light and a loud crack. Which causes the other acrobats to panic. Though none approach with the intimidating drow posturing behind the robot. After a moment the performer seems to flood with relief. Beaming and pleasantly surprised with how much better they feel. By the time the troupe calms. Fearne has come over and joined the duo.   "It was a gorgeous show. I've never seen one before, and it was a splendid first time." Shulkyr praises as Ashton joins them. The hunter offers the boy their hand. Helping the flustered man to his feet. While Ashton tries to quietly ask the matron of the family if they can tell them about the rumors. Orym and Laudna drop back, catching sight of a single hooded figure lingering. Laudna suggests they follow and Orym agrees. The warlock sends a message to Imgoen.  "Oh Imogen~ we'll be right back." She sings and the sorceress responds,  "Ok, update me in four minutes." She answers Laudna as the man approaches. Denying any of the rumors and claims.  "Rumors and claims are dangerous. We overheard tales from Simurgh Riders who seemed very intent on coming to see it for themselves. We decided to- take care of it first." Shulkyr smiles and the man makes a face. Wincing at the mention of authorities.   "We all need to have a chat." He hisses before dismissing the performers. Ashton leans into a straightening Shulkyr and whispers.  "You want me to take care of the other kids, or do you need muscle here?" They look across the group and Imogen hums,  "I don't think we'll need muscle."  "Go, I have a bad feeling." Shulkyr mumbles leaning close to Ashton's ear, "Whoever met with Dorian shook him up. I doubt they've left. If anyone caught Orym's eye it would be them." Shulkyr shares their insight with the barbarian,  "Knew he was hiding something." Ashton nods as the rest chatter. Dorian having too many questions that cause the whispering pair to eye each other. "No, I got a bad feeling about this. Orym is with Laudna, I go, and all my squishies are defenseless. I can't do that." Ashton decides to stay and Shulkyr nods. For a moment, consider telling Ashton they could fulfill that role for a time in an emergency. Yet they keep their mouth shut. The group follows after the master of the theater.  He's glaring at them all as Shulkyr reads the posters. One weird one catching their eye. 'To Kill a God' they smirk and snort at it. After some pressure, the master confirms the disappearances are more than just rumors. Giving what information he's willing. Explaining about each disappearance in turn. It becomes more and more concerning as he speaks about a half giant actor. The last two were apparently patrons. Who often took up seats in the same box seats we had.  "Could be slavers." The drow mutters, this would be something they'd do.  "Could be a monster too. I mean we came across a fucking werewolf less than a week ago. Yet no one had heard about it." Ashton grunts and eyes Shulkyr. Who frowns and focuses on their feet. Shit, they had thought the party had forgotten that in the whole mess that the last two days have been.  "My apologies, did you say a werewolf?" The half elven man blinks in shock. After a moment he recovers and leans back. "Perhaps they could be responsible for the disappearances? Werewolves are man eaters just like any other monstrosity." The man suggests, Shulkyr bulks and barely holds back a growl. Clenching their fists as everyone carries on. F.C.G. almost letting the identity of their employer slip, again. Imogen digs in further, gathering more information.  "Evenings and nights and between shows, if it is a monster, it's an evening predator. If it's a person, they're being very careful to seem sporadic and lay low." Shulkyr mumbles, and everyone nods in agreement.  Before the master suddenly suggests they're just a performing group. Hoping to get in by helping him. Clearly not satisfied with the reasons for helping they gave him before. Everyone denies it, though his question does prompt Imogen to ask if anyone would like to perform. Ashton and Shulkyr are quick to shoot down the offer to be on stage. While Dorian and F.C.G. hum and seem to genuinely consider it.  The half elf begins poking and investigating the robot. Finally realizing F.C.G. is not in fact a person in a very convincing costume. While he's throwing questions the robot returns them. Asking questions on how to get into acting. Which instantly seems to sour the man's mood. As he orders all of them to get out of his office. When the robot doesn't comply. Ashton grabs F.C.G. slowly dragging them out of the room. Shulkyr is quick to follow the duo. Still trying not to strike at the nearest wall or the man himself. The half elf infuriated them more than they would like to admit to anyone.  "Hey, you holding up?" Ashton gives them a look,  "I'm slowly deciding I don't like theaters." They snort in response to that,  "Fair." Everyone else joins them. Starting their own investigations. As Orym and Laudna continue to follow the hooded figure. Sneaking into the misty night. Only to discover they've lost them the moment they step out into the open. Orym jumps with his boots. Yet even with the temporary height advantage. He's unable to spot the hooded figure again.   "Cool~" Orym looks to see a kid staring at him in open awe,   "Stay away from the theater kid." Orym whispers and the kid gasps. Hiding in their mother's skirt. Putting a smile on the halfling's face.   Having failed to track their quarry. The duo head back inside the theater and look around. Trying to see if there's anything left behind by the mysterious figure. Only to find nothing in the spot. Not even the imprint of their boots. Defeated, they join back up with the rest in the main theater.   "No luck?" Shulkyr asks, raising a brow at Orym's expression,  "That obvious?" He jokes and Shulkyr gives him an understanding look. Silently expressing they know well what he's feeling. Considering how many decades they worked following crime and chasing slavers. They no doubt lost a trail or two in their time. Especially at the start.   "Probably one of Yash's men." Shulkyr suggests and that causes Orym to nod,  "He did say he has people trailing us. Yeah, yeah, I guess Yash must not trust us yet." Orym seems to relax at having some kind of answer.  Which causes the drow to hum and nod along. Even though Shulkyr suggested it. They don't entirely believe it, but they won't tell Orym that. Letting him take comfort in the assumption. As they arrive at the entrance of the underground storage. Dorian pauses trying to spot a hooded figure. Failing as Laudna gets uncomfortably close.  "What are you looking for?" Dorian leaps and seems close to fainting. Him and Laudna having a rather odd interaction. Before joining the rest downstairs in the darkness.   "Oh~ My boss would love this." Shulkyr looks around and Ashton hums,  "I've never been more comfortable anywhere in my life." They agree as Imogen sets up her crackling lights,  "Gods, the balance between the light and dark is just enough, it's screwing with my eyes." Shulkyr mumbles, rubbing their eyes. Which are halfway into setting darkvision. Making the existing light burn too bright and too sharp. The group searches around. Giving a thorough investigation for any holes similar to what they had seen before.  Ashton takes a moment to gently strike one of the tables. Earning them a snort from the blood hunter beside them. "Oh those tables really traumatized you didn't they?" Laudna snickers and Ashton glares,  "Hey, if that thing moved you'd be thanking me." They defend themself and Shulkyr shrugs,  "I mean- we fought animated furniture. If it were alive it wouldn't just be sitting still. Unless it's a mimic of course, but not the point." The blood hunter hums joining in teasing the barbarian,  "Excuse me a mimic?"   "A monster that likes to pretend to be things. Usually chests in a dungeon, or a wardrobe in a long abandoned mansion. That kind of thing." Shulkyr explains and Ashton gives the table the stink eye again. Great, now furniture might attack them for two completely different reasons. The hunter snickers and continues to investigate. Leaving Ashton to glare at any item they come across.  As they search through dust and discarded pieces. The drow pauses when they come across a specific pile of props. Spotting a replica of a familiar symbol lying atop the clutter. They stare at it with a look of gentle longing. Picking it up and fiddling with the piece. So entranced they don't hear the squeak of F.C.G's wheel when the robot approaches them. "Does that symbol mean anything to you?" F.C.G. speaks, startling Shulkyr, who narrowly avoids dropping the likely fragile prop.  "Ah- it's just a replica of a symbol from back home." They explain to the robot who perks up,  "Do you miss home?" F.C.G. asks and the drow stares,  "I-" They pause as they squeeze the prop. It's almost been eight years now. Most of that was spent on the sea, and yet- it feels so new now. Perhaps it's because the crew was from the coast? It had never truly felt like they left home while on the ship. But now-?  "Hey, we're heading back up!" Ashton announces stopping the pair's conversation. Shulkyr puts the prop back. Before rushing to leave the dark space. F.C.G. watches their fleeing figure. Unsure how they can get the clearly emotionally aching drow to share their woes. Though the failure only hardens the robot's resolve. They'll get Shulkyr to share what's bothering them. They just have to keep trying!  With that the robot follows after rest. As the group is led to the other right hand. A gnome woman dressed up to the nines and back. Shulkyr stares and blinks. "Holy fuck, you're worse than my boss." They whisper and Ashton snorts,  "Are they a peacock too?" They ask and bump shoulders with Shulkyr,  "Heavily pierced with silvers, a crowned horn, delicious tan, and tattooed to the nines. Though- He's actually attractive." I sigh and hear a scuff,  "You don't find me attractive? Well, to each their own." The gnome waves a hand and Shulkyr glares at her. Before she focuses back on Orym. Making the halfling man noticeably uncomfortable.  "Sorry, my standards are just too high I'm afraid. Spoiled as I was with the Ruby of the Sea." Shulkyr purrs, a switch flicking as they openly challenge the gnome.  "Fuuuck, I need popcorn for this." Ashton leans back and watches the pair bicker,  "Oh, I'm mighty afraid I don't know that name. Must be a local pleasure." The gnome huffs and Shulkyr gives her a look of pity,  "Oh, you poor darling, never even been blessed with the Ruby's name? She's only the most gorgeous woman in all of Exandria. Everyone in Wildmount from Xhoras to the coast and The Revelry know her. Unlike you." Shulkyr bats their eyes and the gnome frowns,  "Are you taking issue with me little miss?" The gnome sneers at the drow who quirks a brow,  "Frankly, I am, I don't like people who make me and mine uncomfortable." Shulkyr hisses and Orym clears his throat. Pink faced and shifting on his feet. Feeling flustered, and a bit guilty, at being the reason for the drow's aggression.  "Um- I- Thank you Shulk, but we're working, remember?" Orym gently asks and the drow glances over their shoulder,  "See now, little miss, seems I'm not the bother here." The gnome bats her eyes and Shulkyr lets out a growl. Deep low and completely inhuman. It causes the group to jump and Laudna hums.  "Oh, Shulkyr, I didn't realize you could make that noise! It's eerie, and scary, I like it!" The ghoul fawns and Shulkyr snorts. Standing straight before announcing they'll be outside. Leaving the party to continue their investigations with the smug gnome woman. They get some valuable information while the angry drow paces outside. Along with more unwelcome flirting before heading out. Finding Shulkyr snarling and scowling in the empty theater when they leave.   "Shulk?" Imogen questions the drow who keeps pacing,  "Damnit, This feels-" They're struggling, They can't place it, but the realization of something is right there. This entire mission is getting under their skin. The events that took place before doing nothing to soothe their growing paranoia. Could this have to do with Dugger? Or is this something completely separate? One of Yash's men was following them. Does he have something to do with them? They hear a snicker in the back of their mind.  'Or perhaps you're searching for lines that simply aren't there?' The voice mocks, and Shulkyr doesn't know how to answer that.   "It feels- what?" Dorian pries and they lash out. Cracking a bench with some unknown strength. It makes some of them jump and Ashton raises a brow.  "Hey, something's been pissing you off. You need air?" Ashton asks and they snort,  "Yeah. Actually I do. I'll be back." They take Ashton up on their offer, storming to the front entrance,  "Shulk-!"   "I have the stone!" They call back as they leave the theater. Fearne and Imogen clearly intend to trail them. Only for Ashton to stop the pair in their tracks. Earning whines and complaints.  "Hey, leave'em. Something is wrong and they need the room. If we crowd them, they'll go fucking mad and that-" Ashton nods to the broken bench, "-might be one of us. And I don't know about you. But I have enough cracks in me." They joke and, reluctantly, everyone agrees to let Shulkyr cool off. Before splitting up to investigate the rest of the theater. Searching all the places the gnome had mentioned to them. Some go to the bathrooms, some the alleyway, and others the box they had sat in.~•~
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  The mist feels heavenly as I close my eyes. Curled into a ball and straining my hearing. Hoping not to be caught out. Since clearly who or whatever is attacking people aims for loners just outside the theater.  "You have to make everything harder!" I snarl at the mask who chuckles in my head,  'I'm merely trying to help you, you hapless little thing.' The voice purrs and I quake,  "No, no you aren't. You're being a smug prick." I hiss, hugging myself and feeling pain and frustration. This hunt is leading to no blood or satisfaction. It's angering the beast who is becoming harder to control. He said he had something, please, have something, anything.    'Ah yes, a hunt with no kill. How unfortunate for you.' Before I can continue to argue. I hear someone approach. By the sound of the heavy foot falls, and the slight gap between them, it's probably Ashton. They walk funny with the weight of their hammer. After a moment, They drop next to me.  "Hey."   "Hey." I parrot back to them and lift my head. Staring into the misty night. My darkvision, finally, sets in fully. No longer fighting with the dim light of Imogen's crackling orbs.  "So- today just hasn't been our day." They sigh and I do the same,  "Not really." It started with the argument with the mask. To dealing with Effid who clearly knows my secret, and spiraling into what the half elven man had said. The gnome was just a cherry on top really.  "Think you can finish the night?" Ashton asks, not prying per say, just testing the waters,  "Yea. I just need to kill something." I snarl and Ashton snorts before they get up. Offering their hand and pulling me up.   "Same." They agree and we start walking. The silence sits over us for a while before I finally ask where we're going.  "We're heading to the alley after Imogen." Ashton explains and I nod,  "Good, remind me, why did we leave our squishiest squish alone?" They bark a laugh as we head down. Joining up with Imogen and Laudna. Along with Fearne and F.C.G. in a far too clean alleyway. Imogen shares that she can 'hear' someone or something. Though she can only describe it as being like static. My hair stands on end and I look around. Feeling something off about this spot. I search for whatever source could be. When my eyes settle on the drain at the dead end.  "Please tell me it's not hiding in the fucking sewer, I will scream." I growl and Ashton snorts,  "It is not our day." Ashton restates and I nod, we all start to investigate. Ashton and Laudna search the wall. While I linger back with Imogen. Glaring at the sewer with distrust. Waiting to see if anything similar to Dugger oozes out from the sewer grate.   Imogen gasps beside me. Breaking my hyper focus on the overly suspicious hole. Raising my gaze and following hers. I see a massive eye looking from the wall. As tendrils dripping ooze emerge from a previously non-existent gap that seems eerily like a mouth. Filled to the brim with too many teeth. The sight causes something to click in my head. The scene of us in the underground room playing in my mind. Oh, the irony.  "Its seriously been a mimic, are you fucking with me right now?!" I shout and everyone spins seeing it. Tensing at the realization we've all been jumped. By a wall. Oh, I'm never going to hear the end of this.
  
    Chapter Text
     The Party's P.O.V. Before the startled party can attempt to flee from the wall. Two tentacles lash out, one just missing Ashton, Who just manages to duck under it, "Fuck!"   Laudna however gets slammed into another wall before being captured by the wriggling limb. Once it's ensnared Laudna the mouth shoots out. Sinking into Ashton and melting into their skin. They shout as a sickly green, acidic smog pours from the bite wounds. Melting the rock like flesh. Despite the crippling pain the barbarian grins, "About fucking time!"  They draw their maul. Racing over to Laudna's aid. Lashing out at the tentacle. Hitting it only for the hammer to stick. They struggle to free their weapon. Stumbling back and barely dodging a swipe from another tendril.   Orym races into the fray. Drawing a dagger and shouting. Throwing the blade into the monstrosity's single eye. Imogen throws up her hands and casts a spell. Hoping to help blind the creature. Only for the eye she was aiming for to vanish. Another one reappearing further along the wall. "Ew, ew. I never thought I would have to fight a wall."  "I mean we fought a table." Shulkyr counters and she snorts,  "That's fair." While they're bantering. Fearne throws up her hands. Haphazardly shooting three beams of fire at the horror. Only one manages to hit home. Scorching the creature that's slowly peeling itself free from its hiding spot.  "Alright. You're going to be all kinds of annoying aren't you?" Drawing Raven's Kiss, Shulkyr cuts their finger with their ring. Smearing the blood across the sheathed limbs of the crossbow. Before flicking them open. The blood hardens as a mist pours of the weapon. Crimson crystals forming along the weapon. Loading it, Shulkyr fires off two bolts into the gaping maw. Each sinking into the flesh inside before exploding into dark jagged ice. Digging into more of the creature's unprotected flesh. Earning a garbled wail from the monstrosity.   "You fucking jinxed us!" Ashton laughs and Shulkyr shrugs,  "At least it wasn't the table!" They beam, as Dorian finally joins the battle. Catching up from having descended from the ceiling top. Racing over to F.C.G. gifting them with bardic inspiration.  "Hi, smiley day to you!"  "Smiley day to you, I think we're going to be doing a lot of healing little buddy." Dorian pats the robot, imbuing them as he takes place beside Orym. Skidding to a stop as he waits for the wall to come into range. His hand axe at the ready.  "Oh! Ew!" Imogen gags as the group watches the creature pause. Its mouth swelling before releasing an acidic explosion onto three of the party. Ashton manges to partly hide using his maul. F.C.G. screams as they try to absorb part of the harm. With Orym and Dorian falling to the full wrath of it. Their flesh being melted away by the vile spit. The pair scream in agony as the cracks of Laudna's form of dread expands. Twisting her form as she tries in vain to fire a blast. The tendril throwing her around. Stopping her from hitting the massive creature.   F.C.G. focuses more of their magic onto Ashton. Trying to keep the genasi from falling. While trying to replace their arm. Putting on one resembling a crossbow, and tucking around a corner.  Ashton rushes into another attempt to aid Laudna. Dodging the snapping maw to bring their hammer down on the tendril. It lets out a blast as their form flickers red and blue. Tearing the tendril apart. Before grabbing Laudna and pulling her back. Stumbling to try and not to fall. Their skin still sizzling from the acid.  "My hero." Laudna gasps aching pretty badly herself,  "I'm working on it!" Ashton grunts, posturing between the wall and the warlock,  Orym isn't managing much better. Leaning against a wall for a moment. Before gathering up his strength and trying to charge the monstrosity. The acid burning at his skin and eyes make him struggle through the first flurry. Though he does manage to sink his blade in at some points.  "Shulk! Don't you have bombs!?" Dorian yells, and Shulkyr snarls,  "Three, but if I set one off in this alleyway I'm taking down everyone with that thing!" Shulkyr shouts as Imogen releases a burst of arcane energy into the wall. Connecting it to her with wildly crackling lilac lightning. Her eyes burn white as she holds the spell. Fearne follows her lead. Peeking under her cape and summoning her fire spirit.  "Hey Mister, ready to get in there?" She smiles and the monkey shouts. Jumping off the druid's shoulder. Firing up, both figuratively and literally. Screaming as Fearne cheers him on. The attack doing nothing as the monkey hisses. Dorian decides to follow the monkey's attempt, throwing his axe. Sinking it into the wall.  "I'm deeply disturbed by this monkey and this wall. Though I'm not sure which is worse." Shulkyr states, having not yet met Little Mister, they raise their crossbow aiming for the eyes, and firing off another round. The first sinks deep before exploding. The eye bursts in a show of gore before pulling back into the wall. Just as the second eye appears, Shulkyr fires another shot. Earning a screech from the creature as another bolt sinks true.  "At least SOMEONE is hitting this thing!" Ashton shouts and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "It's a wall!" They start reloading as Dorian busies himself with healing his wounds, barely standing,  "With a mouth!" The air genasi cries causing Shulkyr to check on him,  "By the matron." They breath, this fight isn't going well. Just as the realization hits. The wall starts to swell again.   "Duck!" It's not clear who yells as the three in front of the wall are splattered with acidic spit again. Ashton, Laudna, and Orym all are seared with the sludge.  "Everyone back away from this fucking thing! Proximity is a death sentence!" Shulkyr shouts as their bones begin to crack. The alleyway is shadowed as it is. In the dead of night, would they notice?  Orym is pressed forward by the ever approaching wall. Doing the best he can to push back. Laudna stumbles away from Ashton. Raising her darkened claws hexing the wall. Firing another eldritch blast formed by the shadows of the alley. Only for it to be batted away by a tendril. She cries in despair. Just as F.C.G. finishes attaching their new arm. Focusing the harmful energy they had taken into the bolt. Firing it into the wall. Causing a small explosion from whatever they imbued the shot with.  "I really think Shulkyr has the right idea here!" F.C.G. shouts, focusing some healing on the trembling earth genasi,  Ashton flares their nose, adjusting their grip on their hammer. Picking it up with renewed vigor. The glass head of the maul starts to glow and flicker with unknown light. As they swing the hammer into the beast. The blow glances off even as it explodes in a burst of flame. Orym follows suit and tries to strike into the maw. Only for the teeth to catch his blade.   Imogen focuses more of her power into the wall. Struggling to release a strong burst of arcane lightning into it. Her fear making her magic dim and fail to burn as badly as it had. She stumbles back only for a tendril to lash out at the moment of weakness. Ensaring her and ripping her from Shulkyr's side.  "Shulkyr!" Imogen's fear is undeniable as the drow is knocked away from her,  "Imogen!" Shulkyr screeches as their world freezes. All sounds go dull except for an eerie chuckle in their mind.  'Perhaps, you'll learn that some hunts are better with no kill.' The mask sneers as the world thunders. Fearne unleashing a powerful thunder blast. The echoing crack blasts the wall back. Covering the sound of bones and skin shattering as the figure behind them morphs. Only being revealed by the weak flame of Mister.   Dorian races to face it head on. Focusing all his arcane energy. Empowering everything he can into the diamond he takes from his chestplate. Wind swirls around the genasi, almost sucking his companions towards him. Even threatening to rip Imogen free from the monstrosity's grasp.   His eyes come to life with the power of the storm he's named after. Before he releases the pearl sized orb. Expelling it forward using his wind at blinding speeds. Burying the spell right into the eye of the monstrosity. Searing through the iris and disintegrating the flesh.  A moment passes before veins of electric blue start to burn and spread across the wall. The monster struggles in vain against the force tearing it apart from the inside. Trying to pull away, lashing out blindly. It gargles and stumbles. Just as it's overwhelmed and ripped apart by the full force of the spell. Blasted to pieces. What little remains of the unknown creature crumbles. Rendered a massive pulsing, quivering mound of flesh. Before going still and releasing everyone it had trapped.  "Holy shit." Fearne breathes in awe as the wind fades. Dorian pants, shaking and looking around.  "Scary wall." He swallows, looking around, "Is everyone ok?" He gets a chorus of weak 'no's and groans. Ashton insists on sitting down. Taking a seat on their hammer. Pain pulsing behind their eyes from the abuse. While F.C.G. and Dorian try in vain to heal the group. Everyone collects their bearings as Orym checks in on the group. Ashton, despite their aching and agony, manages to crack a joke. Starting a conspiracy about inanimate objects. Just as one of the right hands of the half elven master runs outside.   "What is all the noise?" The party scrambles to explain what happened. Just as two wilders shout. Getting everyone's attention.  "What the hell is going on?" They call and Fearne sighs,  "Oh, great timing."  "What does that mean?" They finally see the dead monstrosity. Ashton encourages them to poke the creature. Making a gastly sound when they do. Scaring the pair shitless and getting scolded as a result. The genasi just cackles however. Wearing a proud grin on their face. Just as the right hand has collected his boss. Who reacts to the carnage himself.  The party handles the trouble. The theater master confirms they recognize the items. Proving this mimic was in fact at fault for the disappearances. They all chatter together trying to figure out what could have created such a thing. Leading to another round of twenty questions.  The half elf man aiding the party in ringing the wardens for answers. Which is a deeply appreciated effort on his part. Eventually they seem to figure out the 'wall' was definitely put there maliciously. The half elf dismisses the wardens. Before summoning the group back to his office. F.C.G. and Ashton help Orym onto the robot's back. So he can be wheeled around as needed. Seeing as the halfling seems too battered to even consider standing, nevermind walking, on his own. The group heads to the man's office yet again.   Receiving his gratitude and payment. Including membership for box seats for a season. At Laudna's enthusiastic insistence. Though He explains that each would meet with the gnome woman privately to sign the contracts. Ashton cracking a joke that the others aren't sure whether or not they mean. Causing Imogen to wonder if someone had in fact been attracted to the extravagant woman. Once they settled their business. The man tells them to leave, "Have a good night, and um- get out."  They don't hesitate to agree. Wanting to rest their weary bones. The group leaves through the back alley. Stumbling and passing an even larger amount of wilder's. One of them having a sniffing and disgruntled Simgurh beside them. He holds up a hand as they pass.   "Hey, you were the ones who slayed this thing, yes?" One questions the group as Fearne starts discreetly collecting teeth, Dorian and Orym collect their weapons from the mass, and Laudna inspects the alleyway.   "Yup. Need something?" Ashton pops the 'p' leaning on their hammer, the only reason their still standing at this point,  "Somewhat, was this monstrosity the only thing you fought with?" He waves to the mass and Ashton shrugs,  "Yea, why?" The rider goes quiet and hums,  "Ah, my companion is on edge. We picked up the trail of- something not a day before and-" He shakes his head pulling off the helmet. Revealing a human with brown hair.  "I had simply wondered if you had caught anything. Since my hound insists that something else was here." The rider explains patting the head of his Simgurh. Who's still sniffing at the ground. Before snarling and snapping at something in the mass. Shaking and shattering a faintly ice covered bolt that had sunk into the creature. Ashton tenses seeing the Simurgh ravish the ammo.   "Something like- more monsters, or what?" Dorian asks as Imogen looks to the end of the alley. Having taken the opportunity to steal an odd object from the monster's slack corpse.  "Well- I don't mean to alarm, but there are- rumors. Spreading of a rabid lycanthrope on the loose in the spires." The rider shares and the group tenses up. Ok, so maybe somebody did notice the werewolf running around the city.  "Moonkin are dangerous beings, bloodthirsty beasts that spread their curse like a disease. Even just one can transform an entire city given time. Our superior's are hyper focused on finding and eliminating it. Should you come across it, be wary. If you become cursed- well. Corporal punishment is never kind." The rider sighs, seeming defeated by his own words.   "Yea, got it. Don't get bit." Ashton salutes and they and the rest join Imogen. Who is chatting up a tiny old gnome man. Which in of itself is an odd sight. The others join in and learn he's a woodworking gnome man named, Chetney Pock O'Pea. Apparently, he's in need of some help in finding a friend. Believing they would be good for the job considering what he just watched them do. After some back and forth, They agree he can come with them. Walking with the fanatical gnome on their way to the Spire by Fire.  "You were very talented back there. I didn't think you were gonna make it when the other one showed up!" Chetney exclaims and the party jumps,  "Wait- what other one?" Laudna asks and the gnome looks up at her. Reacting poorly to the ghoul. Screaming and pulling a knife. Causing a whole skit before Ashton drives the topic back to 'the other one'.  "The wolf beast! They were looming behind the blue boy right before you killed that thing!" Chetney reveals and the whole party nearly falls over,  "Wolf beast? As in- bipedal wolf monster, dark furred, green eyed?" Imogen asks, describing the werewolf they had encountered previously, and the gnome nods.  "Oh yea, though I didn't see any eyes, it's back was to me, but it appeared right after that thunderous crash. I only saw them thanks to that weird moving fire." Chetney reveals and Dorian feels their life start to escape them. The werewolf was- behind him? He didn't even realize it. Was it literally breathing down his neck?  "Dorian you ok? You're looking a bit- pale." Imogen checks in with the bard who stumbles,  "I- I-" He shakes his head and claps his hand, "-I need a drink. I think we all do, a nice bottle or three of something that will hopefully knock us all on our asses so we don't feel the aches in the morning. Right? That sounds right to me!" Dorian deflects, badly, barely resisting sprinting the rest of the way to the Spire by Fire. Though he does noticeably speed up and everyone watches him.  "Alright, so who's dealing with that?" Ashton asks and Laudna perks up,  "Oh! I can, I really think I'm getting the hang of it." She cheers and Ashton nods,  "Sweet." The group heads to the tavern. Following upstairs after the elderly gnome. Starting proper introductions.   Chetney meets everyone while doing everything in his power to bully poor, poor Dorian. Who's on the verge of tears at this point. Having downed four glasses by now. Having had enough Imogen threatens Chetney using her telepathy. Followed by Orym introducing himself as Dorian's friend, a much less direct threat than Imogen's. Ashton follows and as usual explains themself. Then it gets back around to the ghoulish woman.  Apparently, Laudna and Chetney share a love of wood making. The group discovering he's a maker of toys. Ashton listens as they watch the door. Jumping when Chetney explains they're from Wildmount.  "Oh! You're from Wildmount too!" Laudna gasps and he raises a brow,  "Are you?" He questions and she shakes her head,  "Oh no, not me, but our final companion. They're a sweet drow from Wildmount." Laudna explains and she leaps to her feet. Looking around as realization dawn's on her.  "Oh my divine, Shulkyr is missing!" Everyone looks around except for Ashton who snorts,  "Uh yea- wondered when that was gonna come up." Ashton takes a drink as everyone reacts,  "You noticed and didn't say anything?!" Orym glares at Ashton who shrugs,  "Yup."  "Why would you keep quiet about such a thing Ashton?" Imogen asks, and tries reaching into the genasi's mind. Catching the surface thoughts. The genasi is thinking, wanting to go see Effid again.  "Why are we going back to Effid?" She presses as Ashton gets to their feet,  "We're not. I'm going back to Effid." Ashton counters,   "Is this about the fact your bird friend clearly knows whatever secret our little hunter is keeping?" Laudna asks, and Ashton shrugs,  "Yeah, they're not going to share it for cheap. I've got a better chance of getting the information alone. In the morning." Ashton grunts and downs another glass.   "First, Chetney. Do you have anything else about this friend, or-?" Ashton shuts down any other attempts to pry. Earning them looks as the group carries on. Discussing what Chetney actually needs from them, and payment. Which honestly seems like it's going to end up being wooden toys. As they honestly seem to want the toys.  "Oh and Mr. Chetney. I'm sure our friend Shulkyr would love a toy too. You can ask them what they'd like when we find them again." F.C.G. happily encourages and the gnome makes a face,  "Uh- again? Does this friend of yours usually just disappear?" The entire party makes noises in response. Most of them basically agree that- yeah. This is pretty typical of them. Once everything settles they start to call it a night.   Before Orym tells Imogen that someone else is trailing them. Getting her to glance downstairs. Catching sight of a hooded figure that seems to be watching them. Orym shares the idea that Shulkyr had proposed about them being one of Yash's man. The pair discuss what to do about him. Bringing Laudna into the discussion after a bit.  Things escalate quickly as the figure starts to flee. Chetney and Orym trailing after him. Managing to even stop the guy in the alley. Though it seems he paused more out of pity than anything. Considering the state of Orym and Chetney's age. The figure convinces the halfling to bring Dorian to them. While Chetney agrees to stay behind as Orym goes to get the bard. Chetney chats up the man for a while. As Orym reunites with the rest. Explaining what little happened.  "I- I mean I can go." Dorian slurs, running a hand through his hair,  "Not alone you aren't." Ashton growls and everyone agrees to forget what Yash's pet wants. They aren't leaving one of their own alone. Not again.  "Now if we could just get someone to play by that rule." Orym mumbles and everyone sighs. For how mad they had gotten at Bertrand and Imogen for splitting from the group. Shulkyr really does like being a hypocrite.   "We'll work on it." Ashton sighs,  "We need to sit them down, but we'll work on it." They restate and roll their neck,  "This first?" Orym asks and everyone nods,  "This first." They all agree and head out to meet with the rouge.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
   Everyone strides out into the streets to meet the hooded stranger. Deciding to handle the situation at hand. Dorian announces their arrival rather awkwardly. Getting the attention of the strange man. Who turns when asked revealing blue skin that matches Dorian's. Standing proud at an easy six foot three. Making them tower over everyone except for Fearne.   "You're making this very awkward for me." The figure states shuffles on their feet,   The two chat, an awkward tension filling the air. The hooded figure is openly put off by the others' presence. Explaining they had been trying to get Dorian alone. Earning mutterings from the group. Quietly joking that was never gonna happen. Especially after what happened the last time they left one of their own alone.   The figure questions if the group is trustworthy. Causing Dorian to look across them. Fumbling as he struggles to decide. Put on the spot like this "They're- They're good people. So- I uh- maybe." Dorian struggles, locking eyes with Orym for a moment. Who's gentle look seems to give him some ground to stand on.  "Everyone- This is my brother!" Dorian forgoes secrets for a moment. Tossing his trust into the group around him. They all gasp and happily react to the announcement. Happily welcoming the stranger into the fold. The sudden shift in their demeanor sends the other air genasi for an emotional ride. As Dorian pulls the other man closer to the group. Practically showing him off to them.  "Come on, this is- introduce yourself." Dorian hisses to the taller man who fumbles,  "I- Uh- Cyrus- I'm Cyrus-" The man keeps looking between his little brother and his companions. Unsure whether or not he should lie to them.  "-Storm." Dorian finishes and Cyrus slowly nods,  "Like me. Dorian Storm, my name is Dorian Storm." Dorian presses clearly meaning that more for his brother than his friends,  "Right, Storm. My name is Cyrus Storm." The man is blatantly lying. Even as he agrees with the bard. The party eye each other before agreeing despite it. Putting their trust back into Dorian as he has them. Deciding to go back to the Spire by Fire to finish drinking and to properly introduce everyone to Dorian's brother.   Imogen slips beside Cyrus for a moment, "Hey uh- this may seem a bit invasive, but can I ask you a question?"  He straightens and eyes the purple haired woman, "I uh- sure. I mean as long as you don't-" He gestures to his head. Unsure how to express what he doesn't want her to do. Since he's not exactly sure what it is she did.  "Oh, yea, of course not. I really am sorry by the way. If it helps, I try really hard not to read your thoughts." Imogen tries to comfort him. Patting his arm and Cyrus slowly nods. Not feeling even remotely better. In fact, he's more panicked than he was. She can read his thoughts?  "Alright-" He agrees despite it and clears his throat. "-So what is it you want?" He still seems unsure of Dorian's friend.  "You were trailing us-"  "Him." Cyrus interrupts struggling with that yet again. "I- I was following him. Not you. I-" Cyrus stumbles and Imogen blinks nodding,  "No, no, I know. But- while following us you didn't happen to see a- werewolf running around?" Cyrus nearly leaps out of his skin,  "W-What?! No! Why in the gods name are you looking for a werewolf?!" The man is panicking so badly he gets the rest of the group's attention. Each catching onto what Imogen asked. While Cyrus turns on Dorian. The siblings enter a whispering fight.  "Don't yell that you buffoon!" Dorian hisses,  "Well I'm sorry, but why is she asking about a werewolf!? Are you being hunted-?" Cyrus eyes blow wide as their concern for their little brother skyrockets,  "No! Well- I- Maybe! Look, we just keep running into the same werewolf, and it's extremely suspicious so we wanted to look into it ok!" Dorian counters as F.C.G. rolls up,  "They're also awfully helpful! We would like to thank them, but they always run off before we have the chance." The little robot explains which only confuses Cyrus more. Who's eyes keep darting from one of the party and back to Dorian.  "So- You're trying to find a werewolf who keeps showing up and helping you. Yet you don't have a clue who they are and whether or not they're hunting you?" Cyrus parrots the information he's been given. His head swimming in a vortex of worry and confusion. What has his little brother gotten himself into?!   "Hey, yeah that's the gist. But can we not argue about this out in the open? Especially after we just passed two wardens. Who, based on what another warden told us, are currently on a fucking man hunt for said werewolf and anyone who might be hiding them?" Ashton hisses, pushing the pair of air genasi along. Causing them to stumble. Everyone is quick to follow Ashton's lead. Quickening their pace through the streets. Ending the conversation for now. Though Cyrus absolutely intends to pry further later.  After another turn, the group finally return to the Spire by Fire. Heading inside the warm building and back to their table. Cyrus in tow as they all settle back down. Getting their glasses back in hand and starting up a proper discussion. Spending the most the night letting the brothers catch up with one another. Learning about the immense trouble Cyrus has gotten himself in. Including an over twenty thousand gold bounty that's currently on his head.   Imogen jumps and hisses at him for just walking around. Which sets Cyrus on the edge of his seat. Looking around and asking if he should leave.   "No, not- not yet. But when you do, be sneaky about it." Chetney chides the man who nods. While pulling his hood a bit tighter around his head.   That leads into a conversation about where Cyrus ran from. Which leads into the party learning about the pair's past. Being, essentially, air genasi royalty. Though they are quick to clarify they aren't royalty per say. Just a generation of leaders who their people tend to come to for advice. Which causes Ashton to smirk. Leaning on the table as they start.  "So- you ran away from a family of generations of oracles is what you're saying?" The brothers glance at each other, before agreeing that would be the best term for it,  "It's amazing they didn't see it coming." Ashton jokes and the entire party burst into drunken giggles. Dorian beams as he explains, through his own chuckles, that no one sees the future. Their opinions are just highly valued.   The next discovery the party makes is Dorian's real name. As Chetney questions him on it. While Ashton encourages making a trade. Advice Dorian follows up on. Wanting his toy design from Chetney before he gives his name. Describing a miniature airship that he wants to float. Which leads to Chetney getting mad and bullying the air genasi again. Refusing to use anything other than the wood he works with. Which causes a scuffle until Dorian gives. Chetney huffs, going back to his paper.  "So I engrave this ship with S.S. First Name-?" Chetney eyes Dorian who, still smiling despite himself,  "Brontë." Dorian answers and everyone beams. Repeating the name as Dorian spells the name.  "Alright- Brontë Last Name?" Chetney presses, and Dorian nods to his brother,  "What's our last name?"  "Storm?" Cyrus says it slowly once again unsure about lying,  "Our real last name, it's fine." Dorian sighs and Cyrus smiles,  "Ah, Wyrmwind. Cyrus Wyrmwind." Cyrus shares revealing both their real names. Everyone sits on the name for a moment. No one recognizes it, which seems to surprise the brothers. Who explains they're well known globally. Which Orym questions.   The pair answer together by describing their home. The Silken Squall, a floating city that goes from place to place, able to appear all over the globe. The city where all air genasi are welcome, and other races can come- under heavy watch. Which leads to plenty of jokes. Mostly from Ashton who is taking the most glee in this entire scenario. The banter continues as the liquor flows. Until the party decides it's time to settle for the night. Dorian agrees to walk Cyrus home. Which causes the party to lower their mood.  Orym sighs, "I'd give you the other stone, but-"  "A stone? You have a lucky rock?" Cyrus asks seeming very invested, "I used to have a lucky rock." He sighs and Dorian hums,  "Right, and I believe it was a pet rock you somehow managed to kill- as for our lucky rock." Dorian pauses as he nearly leaps to his feet,  "Shulkyr has the stone!" Dorian cries and the entire party startles staring at him for a moment before what he just said clicks with them. Everyone shouting the same thing.  "Fuuuck! How did we not think of the damn stone?!" Ashton groans face palming. While Orym pulls out the other stone. Lifting it to his mouth and whispering the magic word. Picturing the mysterious hunter in his mind as he does. Causing the stone to start to dimly glow and thrum with it's enchantment.  "Hey, Shulkyr-" Orym starts and everyone leans in towards him,  "Can you ask where they are?!" Fearne asks hopping in her seat,  "Wait- isn't there a word limit? We have to precise." Imogen presses and Orym raises a brow. Careful not to say another word. While he mentally plots the message out. Taking in everyone's opinions on what he should say. Before raising a hand, hoping to quiet everyone down. While Cyrus is quietly asking for an explanation as to what everyone is doing. Why is the rock glowing?   "-We're all back in the Spire by Fire, and we're really worried about you. If you're alright, please, at least message us back." Orym finishes and the thrum of the stone ends. Everyone waits with bated breath. Will their hunter answer them? What happens if they don't? What if they're lying dead somewhere too? Everyone's nerves are fraying with every passing second. Imogen loses her grip on her mental powers with the growing stress. The others feel it and Laudna puts a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Quietly encouraging her to focus on her breathing. Fearne starts hugging Mister, and Dorian is fiddling with his cape.  "They're not answering-" Dorian panics just as the stone starts to thrum,  "H-Hello?" Everyone jumps at a voice that clearly isn't Shulkyr's,  "Your friend sounds pretty nerdy." Chetney comments and Ashton snatches the stone,  "Milo?! Why the fuck do they have Shulkyr's stone?!" Ashton gasps and F.C.G. rolls up beside them,  "Oh- it's glowing- ok. It's working. So uh- hey Ashton if you hear this. Your drow friend is here in the Krook house. Effid-" Ashton's eyes blow wide as the message cuts. Leaving a boulder of dread in everyone's gut. Why is Shulkyr at the Krook house? Why didn't they answer the stone? And why the hell is Effid involved?!  "Shit. Shit, shit, shit-!" Ashton drops the stone on the table,  "Ok, new plan. Dorian, Fearne you two walk the baby prince home. F.C.G. come with me. We're going to the Krook house. Everyone else- pass the fuck out." Ashton dishes out orders, swinging their hammer onto their back,  "No way." Orym jumps up with a determined look,  "Yes way, you three are barely standing-" Ashton points at the two sorceresses and then the halfling,  "There's no fucking way we're letting Dorian go alone. So Fearne is going with him. Besides F.C.G. and I are taking a shortcut. Orym-" Ashton locks eyes with the fighter, "-I'm coming back with Shulk. Even if I have to carry that hard ass here myself. It should be two hours. The moment that time strikes, and if I'm not carrying them through the door. You race after us." Ashton finishes and they stare each other down,  "Compromise?" Imogen quietly squeaks and they both glance to her,  "Compromise, no one's happy." Orym parrots Ashton's words from before earning a grim nod,  The entire group splits apart. Dorian and Fearne escort Cyrus to his hiding place. Ashton and F.C.G. splitting from the trio almost halfway there. Racing over to the other spire. The barbarian counting the seconds in their head. Keeping track of just how much time they have. ~•~  Dorian is anxious as he sneaks along with Cyrus. The brothers chat along as they go. Talking about the future, each other, and even Rocky. Falling into friendly bantering as they pass the time and struggle to relieve the tension. Eventually reaching the safe house. The pair stop and fumble with their goodbyes. Cyrus putting his hand on the door before he stops. Eyeing his little brother for a moment longer. Trying to find the words.   "Dorian." The other genasi hums and perks up,  "Uh- Yes?" He quirks a brow and glances to the sky. Revealing his own anxiety.  "This friend of yours- Shulkyr. They seem to worry you a lot." Cyrus leans on the door. Prying into the subject that is weighing so heavily on them all. Cyrus may not be very world wise, but he knows his baby brother.  "Oh well- Shulkyr is- They're-" Dorian sighs and rubs his face,  "Is something is wrong with them?" Cyrus presses and Dorian nods,  "Yeah. We're worried about them, they disappear a lot and one night we found them injured and lying in blood. Then there's their temper-" Dorian trails off and the two shuffle. Cyrus trying to read his brother. Trying to put together all the information he's been given.  "So uh- do you have theories about that?" Cyrus prods and Dorian glances at his brother,  "Well-" Dorian trails off and runs a hand through his hair. He does have one theory. He's just terrified to admit the theory to anyone. After all, it is one immense accusation to make. The brothers stand there in silence. Before Cyrus crumbles under the tension.  "If- If by chance your mysterious drow is hiding something. You know you can vent to me, right?" Cyrus asks and Dorian flushes,  "I-" Dorian sighs and gives a slow nod, "-Yeah, I know. I know." Cyrus gives his baby brother a weak smile. Before reaching over and ruffling Dorian's hair. The younger genasi huffs and playfully glares at Cyrus.  "I hate it when you do that." Dorian huffs at him, trying to fix his hair,  "Hehe- I know. Goodnight little brother." With that Cyrus and Dorian part ways. The younger genasi tries his best to carefully sneak his way to the tavern. Hoping not to draw anyone's attention to the safe house. Maybe he should buy a duller coat for things like this? Or he could ask Shulkyr for tips. They probably have to know a bit about being sneaky. If they ever feel like being around. Honestly, Dorian is starting to think they're trying to ditch the group as a whole. That thought puts a sour taste in his mouth. If Shulkyr leaves them, would it really be a surprise?~•~  "Wow Ashton, I didn't realize you knew so many shortcuts!" F.C.G. chirps rolling along with the genasi. Who's used every trick they have to slip inside the other Spire quickly and quietly. Their promise to the group keeping them on a borderline run the whole journey.   "Yeah, perks of growing up somewhere Letters. You'll learn." Ashton answers as they turn a corner. Appearing in front of the Krook house. Where they find Milo pacing outside the door.  "Milo!" Ashton shouts causes them to jump, before spinning to face Ashton head on. Relief flooding their features as they slouch.   "Ashton! Geez, I was starting to worry I didn't get that stone to work." Milo sighs, shaking said stone. Which is no longer hanging from Shulkyr's beloved necklace.  "You did, but there's a word limit. I heard Effid and it cut." Ashton explains as Milo throws them the stone. Which The genasi catches and pockets. The trio slipping inside before carrying on.  "Shit, my bad."   "Yea, now where the fuck are they?" Ashton asks, scanning the place for Shulkyr. Laying their eyes on Anni who's strumming away on her repaired lute. The half orc just nods towards the hall without looking up.  "In your room."  "Wh- Fuck, why my room?!"  "It's your friend. Your room." Anni snaps back even as Ashton storms past her. While F.C.G. lingers behind. Looking between the pair.  "I- I know this may be a bit of a hassle for you, but I have to ask. What was the rest of the message Milo?" F.C.G. looks up at the inventor with their big blues. Causing the other to hum and look down.  "Oh no hassle letters, it's just- I was working on my new invention inspired by your creepy friend with the rat when I heard a knock. Got up, and I opened the door to your drow friend unconscious on the threshold, and Effid standing over them."  Letters blinks at that, baffled, "Effid, the bird friend of Ashton, brought Shulkyr here to you guys? Did he say anything, or-?"  Anni cuts in to answer the robot, "Cackled, did his usual creepy shit, and told us to - 'Use the stone and call the Cracked One. It seems their stray was wandering where they don't belong.' Then he fucked off and left them there."   "Oh dear, that doesn't sound good." The pair look at each other and then back at F.C.G.  "It really isn't." They both state it with such dead expressions. Causing the robot to grow even more worried. F.C.G. announces they'll be back after checking in on Shulkyr and Ashton. Beginning to roll their way to the barbarian's room.  Ashton's still standing at the side of their bed. Looking the drow over. "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck."   Shulkyr almost looks as bad as when they found them lying in a pool of their blood. The only differences are this time they're equipped with their crossbow and all their jewelry, and the wounds are visible. What looks like claw marks, too big for shade creepers, are raked along their form. It's everywhere, along their arms, back, torso, and their legs. Ashton moves Shulkyr just a bit to see claw marks on their neck and on their face. Not a single place has been left unmarked. They must have been bleeding badly from it all, the wounds look like they had been deep, but it's clear someone stitched them up.   "Fuck Shulk, what shit did you get in too?!" Ashton hisses as F.C.G. rolls into the room.   "By Golly! Shulkyr!" The robot rolls over yet the drow remains unresponsive. Their mask is currently placed over their eyes. Though Ashton knows it was likely Milo who did it. Since they've seen Shulkyr with the mask. They wonder if it's even helping them anymore.  "They got fucked up."  "No doubt! Effid wasn't kidding."  "Effid?! Shit is he still here?!" Ashton spins suddenly worried they missed the avian in their hurry,  "Afraid not, my apologies for misleading you Ashton! I had meant Milo told me about Effid and the rest of the message." F.C.G. clarifies and Ashton relaxes. Leading into the robot explaining what Milo had told them. Ashton drops beside Shulkyr. Their head in their hands as they groan. Trying to piece everything together.   "Fuuuck." None of it is connecting right. They have the feeling there's one piece missing from the whole thing. That one piece that would make everything magically make sense. But no matter how hard they think they can't draw up anything. Mix the frustration with the aches and wounds from today. It's all causing a painful pulse in the back of the genasi's head; growing particularly sharp behind their milky eye. F.C.G. watches Ashton mumble and curse for a bit. Before carefully putting their hand on Ashton's knee.  "I'd hate to break your focus Ashton, but you did say two hours. If we don't want everyone racing here and kicking down the door. We best carry Shulkyr back to the tavern." F.C.G. gently reminds the barbarian who nods along,  "Yeah, you're right, but- fuck letters. Someone did a number on Birdie." Ashton sighs and gets to their feet. Spinning to lift the drow off their bed. Taking them into their arms in a princess carry.  "That's true! Maybe when they wake up. We can ask them what happened?" F.C.G. suggests as they start the trek back,  "Oh, we're talking when they wake up. This shit can't keep happening." Ashton growls as they enter the main room. Getting Anni and Milo's attention.  "Hey so- is everything good?" Milo asks their eyes flicking between the unconscious drow and Ashton,  "Nope." Ashton answers and Anni snorts. Just before they leave. Ashton stops at the door. F.C.G. oblivious just rolls past the frozen genasi.  "Hey Milo."   "Uh Yeah?" Milo stands taller seeing the barbarian looking over their shoulder at them,  "One more question."  "Course Ashton, what's up?"  "Where the fuck is Shulkyr's necklace?" Ashton watches confusion wash over Milo's face. The inventor tilting their head. F.C.G. stops in their tracks. Looking back at the barbarian. Annie's strumming stops and turns the room dead silent. Dread builds up in the genasi, who's afraid they already know the answer.   "Uh- I- I'm sorry Ashton, but what necklace?"
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
   The group are collecting their things to go to the Krook house. Practically scrambling around Orym. Who's sitting on a bench counting the remaining time. Ashton had said two hours. It's been an hour and forty minutes. When he counts the fiftieth minute mark. Fearne gasps and leans over the railing.  "Shulkyr!" The entire group nearly throws themselves trying to catch sight of their friend. Chetney climbing up over the railing first, and spotting the drow for the first time.  "Jesus Christ! What happened to her?!" Each go wide eyed in horror at what they see. Ashton has stepped through the door joined by F.C.G. Carrying their bloodied and shredded companion in their arms.   "Ashton, what happened?!" Imogen mentally reaches out to the genasi who winces. The duo are quick to come up to the second floor. Ashton choosing not to answer Imogen just yet. Instead focusing on getting a helping hand.  "Hey, if you've got healing we fucking need it!"  "Yeah! Yeah I've got some. Here, give them to me." Fearne waves and sits down. Letting Ashton put the injured drow in her lap. Fearne embraces Shulkyr, letting their head rest against her shoulder. Her hands dimly glowing and growing flowers and ivy around the drow's limbs as she uses cure wounds on their companion.  "Ashton! What in the world happened?!" Dorian whisper yells at the other genasi,  "That doesn't look like wounds from the wall." Orym grimly notes before focusing on Ashton. He may barely be standing, but his worry is enough to fuel him. Just for a bit longer.  All eyes are on the Krook duo. F.C.G. rolls up and starts to explain. While Ashton drops into a chair and slouches. Holding their face in their hand. Staying silent as F.C.G. tells them about what Milo and Anni had told them. Including the bit about Shulkyr already being unconscious when Effid arrived with them.  "And you didn't press further? You didn't go interrogate Effid?!"   "I'm glad they didn't. At least not after that wall and alone." Orym counters, still focusing on Ashton. Despite F.C.G. doing all the talking.  "So what's the big thing?" Orym pries, earning confused noises from a few of the others. Ashton sighs and sits up locking eyes with the halfing.  "Someone stole their sending stone." The entire party jumps, confused at first,  "But didn't Milo call us? They had to have used the stone?" Laudna ponders for a moment. When realization strikes Imogen who gasps.  "No!" Her cry causes everyone to look at her. The same realization dawns on each of them after seeing her expression.  "Wait- You mean their sending stone!? As in- they're beloved sending stone from, as far as we know, the only person Shulkyr trusts?!" Imogen glances at Shulkyr. By the divine, what is their reaction gonna be? Besides their weapon and that stone. Shulkyr hasn't shown a particular fondness for anything other than tea. It wouldn't be a stretch to think those two things are their only valuable belongings.   "That's the one." Ashton grumbles and Fearne tilts her head,  "Did you see if maybe Effid took it? Fresh Cut Grass did say he's the one who gave Milo our stone." Orym asks and Ashton shakes their head,  "Nope, didn't have the time." Ashton's answer makes the party shuffle awkwardly. It makes sense, but they can't help the guilt that bubbles in them.   "Well- You were going to go to Effid in the morning anyways right?" Imogen asks, playing with her hair out of nerves. Getting Ashton's attention on her.  "Maybe if they're awake, you and Shulkyr can go check it out. While we all help Chetney checkout Gurge's place for clues." She pushes the idea and everyone is quick to agree,   "And! We can all meet back up outside of the prison. Since that's the other place we could check!" Laudna adds and there are mumbles of agreement.   "Sounds good to me." Ashton agrees, downing another glass before struggling to their feet. The aches and wounds are getting to be too much even for them. Especially after carrying Shulkyr so far so quickly. The pain causes the barbarian to stagger.   "Shit. Alright, give'em here." He gestures to Fearne who perks up,  "Oh! Are you taking Shulkyr with you?" She asks even as she gets to her hooves. Letting Ashton take back the drow.  "Considering how often we find them fucked up in the morning. Yeah." Everyone's eyes widen and it hits them. Why didn't they have someone room with Shulkyr sooner? That could solve so many issues.   "Fair, that's fair." Dorian nods, running a hand through his hair,  "I take it that's the night for all of us? Yes?" He looks around and everyone agrees. Yeah, this is where they're all calling it a night. Split apart, everyone goes to their rooms. F.C.G. rolling beside Ashton to make sure they don't fall over before they get into bed. Chetney ends up joining Fearne in her bed. Much to Dorian's despair and Orym's tired amusement. Imogen and Laudna stumbling back to their own room.  Ashton kicks the door shut once F.C.G. rolls inside. Each attending to their own needs. The robot takes the corner up for their stasis. While Aston takes the drow over to the bed.  Getting a knee on the bed to put them down against the wall with Shulkyr's back to it. Ashton manages to remove their hammer and their boots. Dropping them to the floor before they collapse beside the drow. Their back put to the door purely by chance. They wouldn't acknowledge otherwise, not right now, they refuse.   Ashton sighs and closes their eyes. Finally managing to slip into sleep out of sheer exhaustion. They're here for Shulkyr. Yet they can't help hoping they don't have a rough night. Ashton doesn't trust they'd be much help to them in this state. But they'd try, by the gods, they're trying.~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  Everything aches when I finally start feeling my body. Twitching as my nerves start to register the pain. Huffing, I fail to open my eyes. The weight of my lids are too much to move right now. Giving up, I focus on what my other senses tell me.   Shifting I feel I'm lying on something soft. Mostly likely a bed based on the give. My ears twitch when I hear quiet snoring turn into a snort. Someone is sleeping close to me, very close to me. Something about the noise is familiar. I haven't heard this sound, but it sounds like a voice I know. I just- I just can't place it with my head swimming like this. Flaring my nose, I take in the smells. Hoping that will give me my answer. Several things hit me. There's the smell of cotton from the sheets, a definite smell of cheap liquor, stale blood, oil, and sweat. The living smell with oil tells me exactly who's beside me. As I've only met two people with that particular mix, and only one is a routine drinker and bloodied fighter.  "Ashton?" My voice is horrid, breaking from soreness and lack of water. Fuck, I need water, my mouth feels like cotton and it hurts. Finally prying open my eyes. I'm greeted by the night sky. Ah, I'm wearing the mask. Reaching up, I just manage to remove the piece. Letting it fall beside my head.  When my eyes adjust to the light. I see I'm right. Ashton is lying barely a foot away from me. Their back to the door of the room. They're also the source of the snoring. Of course Ashton snores, I'd be more shocked if they didn't, their nose has to have been broken countless times.   Giving them a once over. I see they're still dressed. Only having managed to remove their boots before knocking out. They didn't even wash off the blood and acidic remains from the mimic fight. Oh, there's no way I'm waking them up. They look as shit as I feel.   Rather than shake them awake. I try to push myself up. Only for pain to sear through me. My eyes blow wide as I choke. Shaking from the feeling of countless wounds screaming at me. Looking down, I see I got shredded even worse than I had thought. Quaking, I stare at the sheer amount of stitched up wounds. Fresh blood even starts leaking from some. Shit, Shit, Shit!   'Imogen!' I mentally reach out for the sorceress. Hoping she's awake enough to hear me. If she can even hear me. Can she hear others reach out for her, or is it only one way?   I don't get my answer as I let out a pained whine. Watching the mask start to faintly glow. Phantom sighing filling my ears.  'Its not even be two minutes.' That's all he says before some magic pulses off the mask. Releasing a small electrical shock that goes right for the earth genasi. Causing their entire form to jump and shake. Before I can scold the spirit, Ashton hisses. Groaning as their eyes open. Locking gazes with mine almost immediately. It takes a second before they react. Leaping into a sit with a curse.  "Shulk, Fuck, don't move." They scold and narrow their gaze at me. Spinning and snatching something off the bedside table. Whistling loudly before chucking it into the corner.  "Letters! Need you." There's a clink and whirring follows after. Did they just throw something at F.C.G?   "I'm here Ashton!" F.C.G. rolls up and big blues spot me.   "Oh! Shulkyr you've woken up! Oh and you're bleeding! That's no good, here, I can assist!" F.C.G. is too short to reach me from the floor. Which only manages to be an issue for two seconds. As Ashton takes charge and picks me up. Putting me on the edge of the bed with a quick turn. Letting the robot put their metal claw on my knee. Causing a warm rush to flow through me. The slightly bleeding wounds close after a moment. The stinging pain being soothed by the calming sensation of F.C.G's magic. My eyes flutter and I shudder in relief.   "Is there anything else you need, Shulkyr? More rest? Another spell? Perhaps a glass of water?" F.C.G. offers and I nod a little too fast at that. Making my vision fill with dots.  "Alrighty! I'll be back with a glass! You can sit here with Ashton until I return. I'll be back in a jiffy!" The robot promises and is quick to end up out the door. Leaving me alone with the earth genasi at my back. Which leads me to my new, most immediate problem. Sitting up is taking far too much effort. But I don't want to set my weight on their own aching form.  "So- can you even talk right now?" Ashton asks and I shake my head, making sure not to jumble my brain this time,  "Fuck, Alright. That works." Ashton grumbles, and I try my best to look over my shoulder. But the action makes my sight go static.   "Bad news or good news?" Ashton prompts and I dryly swallow. Unable to speak, I just manage to shrug. Wincing when it pulls at my wounds. By the Divine, how am I going to be able to do anything like this?  "Fuck, alright, bad first." Ashton decides for me and honestly that works.  "I don't know how much you remember. But Effid dropped you off at the Krook house and gave Milo our sending stone to get us to come get you. But your stone is missing." Ashton hits me with news as quick as he can. Once it hits me. I nearly leap out of my skin. Causing another burst of searing pain. Doubling over, Ashton curses and has to catch me.   "Yeah, yeah. Fuck, I was expecting that. I'm sorry. I don't know if Effid has it. I'm checking this morning. Fuck, breath Shulk, breathe." Ashton holds onto me as I panic. My senses are blowing out as I shake. My sending stone is gone? Who would have taken it? It couldn't have been- No, no, I had it then. I got out of there and it was still around my neck. Where did I go? What happened? Why can't I-? No, no, no! This is not the time for my curse to mess with my head!   'It's never the time. Unfortunately, a fractured mind is the price for your unconquerable strength.'  Where is it? I know you know where it is. My curse may break my mind. But I know you're aware. Who took it? Did I just drop it?  'Hmm? Do I know? I believe you're giving me more credit than I deserve in that regard. No, I know everything but which you ask. As the trouble you get into can become quite a blur. At any point in which your precious stone could have been lost. Though is that not the case in any storm?'   Fuck you! You smug bastard! Just tell me where my damn stone is! My world shifts as my gaze fixes on the ceiling. My eyes are stinging and I'm gasping and- when did I start crying? Fuck, am I really crying in front of Ashton?! My attention snaps back to the world around me. Taking in what happened while I lost in my panic.  I'm no longer slouched over the edge of the bed. Threatening to fall onto the floor. Only anchored by the arm around my torso. Now, I'm lying back practically resting on Ashton. My head on their shoulder. That arm still solid around my middle. Ashton shockingly lets me have my break down in peace. Just making sure I don't hurt myself in the process.   Choking and shaking, I let the panic rush and take me out of it again. Sobbing and quaking and I think I scream at some point. I don't completely register the fit. Only coming back when F.C.G. returns. Their expression twisted into one of worry. How they can have such a worried expression with so little is bizarre to me. Ashton takes the glass from them and passes it to me.   "I take it you told them about the sending stone?" Orym's voice hits my ears as I down the water. The cool shock feels heavenly to my system.   "Yeah." Ashton answers, taking the cup when the drink is gone.  "I take it they're upset." Orym continues talking to Ashton like I'm not here. Good, I can't hold a conversation right now.   "No shit." Ashton answers and I drop my gaze. Seeing the entire party is here. Including a new face that I instantly don't like. Who is he?  "Shulkyr-" My gaze moves to Orym who approaches me, "-We'll find it. Even if we have to put everything else on pause. I promise." The halfling puts a hand on my knee. Slowly nodding I keep my eyes locked with his.  "It will be hard, but I need you to be honest with us just this once." Orym presses and I take a deep breath.   "I'm with Orym on this Shulk-" Breaking my stare down with Orym. My gaze flicks to Imogen and Laudna. The purple haired one flinches and Laudna finishes her statement for her. "-We want to help! We will help. But we don't have a clue where to start unless you tell us. We did make an agreement at the start of this didn't we?" Laudna hums and tilts her head,  "Well- You did mention you would keep secrets and lie, and that is fair, we accepted that. But you also promised you would tell us if you need to leave, remember?" She cooes and despite my better judgment. I can't help finding the warlock endearing. How can someone so outwardly eerie be so sweet to someone so rude?   "That was the deal." Ashton grumbles from behind me,  "Compromise?" Dorian speaks up for the first time. Giving me a tense look. The fire and intensity of it being a blatant tell. Clearly, he's been thinking about this for a while. Swallowing, I close my eyes and clear my throat.   "I can compromise." My voice still sounds awful, but it's better than it was before Ashton awoke. That's something at least.   "Alright, so can we." Orym nods and I look across the group,  "One question each? That sounds fair right?" Fearne suggests, smiling at the rest. They all look at me. Checking for permission. I confirm I'm good with a silent bounce of my chin.   Dorian nods and clears his throat, "Alright so- who's first?" He asks as the group starts. Playfully bickering and trying to figure out who gets to ask the first question.  "The fuck is wrong with you?" An unknown voice cuts them all off. All eyes pin on the stranger. Some weird elderly gnome equipped with wood working tools. Slowly tilting my head, I stare at the stranger.   "Oh, uh right- Shulkyr this is Chetney. He's someone we were going to help. We met him after the wall fight." Dorian introduces the gnome and I stare.   "Right, Chetney-" Fearne steps over to the gnome. Her arms going dark as embers start floating off her limbs. "-This is a very private matter, and I think you're bothering our Shulkyr." Fearne states, poking his oversized red nose with a black claw.   "Well- I was just asking. Something is obviously up, I didn't mean to pry." The gnome's tone changes and I recognize the effects of charm magic instantly. I didn't realize Fearne could do that too.  "I know you didn't, but you did and now you've made us both very upset. Why don't you step outside? Or I can make you." Swallowing, I watch the gnome nod. Eagerly following the fawn's orders. Her voice barely changed, and yet she seems three times as threatening. Something inside me also comments that she seems a lot more of something else too, but I kick that part back down.  Fearne closes the door behind him and locks it. Turning back to me with a smile. Her fire and black veins fading away. Returning the fawn to her usual gentle self.   "Ok, so who gets the real first question?" She looks around and when no one jumps for it she nods,  "Alright, I'll take it." Fearne takes the silence as the sign she gets to go first.   "Shulkyr?" Fearne calls my name and I hum,  "You're very upset about your stone. Which is understandable. Is it because you love the person who has the other one?" Fearne asks and my eyes widen. That wasn't the question I was expecting. Do I love him? I know I trust him.   "He's- He's someone I trust a lot." I mumble still thinking about it,  "Like you trust him with your life? Or you trust him to take you home after getting sloshed?" Fearne asks for clarification,  "I trust him to know my secrets." I answer by choosing a different option I feel fits better. After the affirmation, I nod a bit. Saying it out loud helps me sort my thoughts. It's surprising. "I think I do love him to some extent."  Fearne tilts her head and hums, "I'll accept that. Alright, Who's next?"   "I think-" Dorian starts and steps up, "-I think to get to the heart of the matter. I should ask my question next." Everyone gives Dorian the center stage.   "Shulkyr, now you could argue it's pure coincidence, but it's happened enough I have to ask." Dorian swallows and I watch him gather his courage. Realization hitting me before he finishes. Does he really-?  "Dorian, where are you going with this?" Laudna asks getting in the genasi's space. He jumps and his gaze flicks between me and her.  "I'm going- I'm-" Dorian sighs and spins to face me spitting out, "-Shulkyr, are you the werewolf?"   Dead silence follows after as everyone takes in the question. I guess that was bound to happen. My disappearances and the beast showing up simply line up too well. They're not stupid, I shouldn't be shocked someone saw the pattern. Yet fear and the urge to hurl out of sheer panic are twisting in my stomach.   "Dorian-" Imogen starts like she's unsure how to continue her sentence. "-What- How long have you been thinking about this?" She demands and Orym turns around,  "That is a big accusation to make without talking to us first." Orym states, not necessarily scolding the bard. Just gently stating a fact. Almost like a parent reminding their child of their manners.   "He makes a good point though. Shulkyr does always disappear and the werewolf follows after." Fearne hums, and Mister screeches in agreement.   "Shit, we're talking about that now?" Ashton asks and I turn my head. Seeing the genasi looks surprised, but not nearly as much as they should be. So apparently Dorian isn't the only one to make the connection.  "I mean- Chetney did kind of confirm it didn't he?" Imogen asks and is twirling a lock of her hair,  "He said he saw the werewolf right behind Dorian just before he destroyed the wall. He didn't see Shulkyr transform, but you disappeared and well- it does make sense." Imogen states, partly hiding behind Laudna. As if she's afraid I'll snap at her. I wish she wasn't, but that's what I get for losing my temper. Everyone goes quiet again and focuses back on me. Waiting for me to confirm their assumptions. I'd squirm under their focus if it wouldn't make me cry in sheer agony. There's no real way to not answer this question is there? It's a yes or no. Mustering my courage I get ready for the betrayal. Mind already racing through all the ways I can get out. It'll be harder without my stone-  "Yeah." Silence. Deafening, painful silence that makes my heart fill my ears.   "Well- that makes things a bit more difficult doesn't it?" Laudna hums tapping her chin,  Ashton snorts from behind me, "Yeah, no shit." They sigh and everyone else mumbles and shrugs.  "It makes things extremely difficult." Dorian presses, "The Wilders are on a manhunt for said werewolf. You can't seem to control the fact you're a werewolf. We're all openly associated with you. We told Eshteross and Yash about the werewolf. Which means they are both actively looking and it will lead them back to us!" Dorian is pacing and I watch him,   "Difficult-" Dorian chuckles, the wild and upset kind of chuckle, "-This isn't difficult. This is absurd deal breaking!" Dorian spins wide eyed and noticeably shaking with anger,  "Do you realize the position you've put us all in? How dangerous you've made this- for all of us?" He's basically hissing at me now. I don't pull back or wince. Just taking the verbal assault head on. Letting Dorian rant as I slouch. Taking the disappointment and anger. Until his words start losing form. Only their tone comes through. Until I'm back home, back on the floor. Everything's already hurting and she's yelling. She's still yelling. Is she going to hit me again?  "No!" Imogen's voice fills my ears, cutting off a ranting Dorian,  "Imogen?"  "No, no, what thought is that? Why would you-?" Imogen sounds terrified and I barely manage to lift my gaze. Seeing her step out from beside Laudna. Staring at me in wide eyed horror.   "Imogen, I really don't think now is a good time to read their thoughts." Orym gently scolds her and the woman swallows,  "I'm- I'm sorry." She apologies even as she keeps eyeing me,   "Fuuuck." Ashton groans, and suddenly I'm moving. They have no trouble putting me aside. Moving me to rest against the wall. Finally letting me see the earth genasi head on since waking up. Their hands settle on my arms. Not pressing hard as to not hurt me anymore, but pressing enough to hold my attention.   "Ok, look-" Ashton sighs and makes me look at them, "-Dorian's right. This is fucking huge, and one hell of a complication. You really should have said this shit sooner. But, believe it or not, it's not the worst fucking thing someone's hid from me. So yeah, I'm probably taking this better than I should be." Ashton declares and for a moment I can't help wondering. What the hell is worse than learning one of your teammates is secretly a werewolf? My gaze flicks to their slag glass and milky eye. The implication of their words sinking in.   "We can work around this, I said we would, and we will. That was part of the deal. I don't break my fucking deals. It's bad for business." Ashton jokes and despite myself. I start shaking with barely restrained laughter.   "Laughing huh? Yeah, I'm fucking hilarious." Ashton makes my laughter worse with their comment. They sigh with a small smile plastered onto their face. Letting my hands latch onto their bieceps.   "You know what else is funny? Pretty sure that's not even the biggest secret in this group." Ashton comments and turns to look at everyone else, "I mean come on. Dorian is secretly a prince and has an equally royal big brother who is working for the fucking Corsairs, Imogen has weird psychic powers she still hasn't explained, Laudna is literally an undead with creepy ass powers who hasn't explained her powers, Orym is on a mission hunting down someone who had the balls to attack a leader of a nation, no one knows what the fuck Fearne's deal is, Fresh Cut Grass is a robot who woke up surrounded by their dead friends and no memories, and I have a lot of my own shit." Ashton finishes their rant, gesturing to all of themself.  "I mean- just fucking look at me." Ashton urges and despite myself. I've crumbled into a giggling fit. I can't make it stop. Even when I feel tears fall down my cheeks. Why am I crying? Why am I giggling? What is this? I'm feeling oddly light headed and yet I still feel awful. This isn't relief, is it?   "Alright." I hear Dorian sigh and I struggle to see him through the tears. Everyone of them blurred beyond recognition at the moment.  "Alright, that's a fair point." Dorian chuckles, honestly he sounds like he's in the same state I am. The two of us just giggling out of sheer delirium. Being the only noise in the room for a while. Until we eventually come down from- whatever the fuck that was.  "This doesn't mean we aren't hurt, Shulkyr." Orym chirps and I look at the halfling,  "You scared us a lot by keeping this secret. So don't be surprised if we're upset. Even if we do forgive you. This is going to take some time and work to get over. If you stay." Orym gently reminds me of my other option. The option to leave. The one I was promised from the get go.  "Shulkyr won't leave will they? We know now, so there's no reason to right? Shulk?" Fearne looks at me with wide eyes. Like she can't get why I would run. Wouldn't it be pointless to leave after they learned the secret anyways?   "That's their decision." Ashton answers,  "But- You won't leave before we get your stone back will you?" Fearne pushes the matter, "You'll at least stay until then, right?" She's staring at me with wide hopeful eyes,  Slowly nodding, I decide that she makes a good point, "Yeah, Yeah. I'll stay until then. Guaranteed." I whisper and she beams,  "Ok! That's good! We're all good!" She giggles and everyone slowly agrees,   "So, we're going with our original plan?" Orym asks and that gets quicker agreement from the rest.   "Perfect, now let's go face the day." Orym takes the lead and I nod. Alright, I can at least stay until I get my stone back. I can do that. I can do at least that. 
    'Oh? You think so?'
  ...Shut up.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
   The group takes the time to tell me what happened the night before. Including the reveal of Dorian's real name, Brontë. After a few more heals, the party begins to question me again. "So what happened after you left? Where did you go, who did this?" Imogen asks and gestures to all my wounds. Which have magically healed over. Thanks to the teamwork of Fearne and F.C.G.  "I- I don't- my mind-." They are already aware of my condition. I even admitted to it. Yet, I find specifying certain aspects of it difficult. Especially this particular weakness.  "Shulkyr?" Imogen's voice rings in my mind. Tilting my head I swallow.  "I apologize. It's just- my mind. The curse it- I can't-" Growling, I rub the bridge of my nose. This is the stupidest thing. Why can't I get this little bit out?  'Because you're an untrusting stray, whose pride is at sharp disposition with your mangled state.' The spirit hisses with a mocking chuckle,  "If it helps." Imogen says out loud,  "If this is like a- a memory thing. Ashton doesn't have the best memory either." Imogen gives me a small smile and I snort,  "Memory thing? Does this curse affect your memories?" Laudna questions and I give a small nod,  "Sometimes." I sigh and everyone hums and chatters,  "Sometimes- I remember bits and pieces, but for the most part my mind isn't mine when I'm transformed."  "So is that why you didn't just tell us where Dugger was?" Fearne asks and I sigh, was wondering when that would come up.  "Yes, I'm afraid I have no memory of my chase with Dugger." My only memory from that night. Is a moment where the matron's power washed over me. Returning my mind for, but a moment. Though now it's hazed enough that all I remember is that single word, Lieve'tel.  "Ok, so if you don't actually remember what happens when you transform. Then chances are- you have no idea what happened last night." Dorian gives a frustrated sigh,  "It's ridiculous, I know." There's few things more frustrating than the fact the curse rends my mind.   "Shit alright, while that doesn't help. We have somewhere to start with Effid. Let's go." Ashton gets the momentum of the day rolling. Shocking as they seem like the least likely to do such a thing. It's appreciated when we head into the tavern. Grabbing breakfast, Ashton buying ale and pausing.  "So- the night after we played What The Fuck is Up With That. When we found you fucked up the morning after. Is that the normal or-?" They start and raise a brow. Waiting for me to answer the question.   "I usually don't drink because it doesn't blend well with my-" I look around the tavern and sigh, "-ailment."   "Shit. Fair enough, what do you drink? No intolerance or other shit we should know about?" They press and F.C.G. rolls up next to me,  "Oh, this is a great question Ashton! If we can avoid things that would aggravate Shulkyr's condition it would be ideal!" The robot praises the genasi who hums,  "I- milk makes me feel ill, but otherwise no." I answer with an amused smile. Hearing a pained gasp, I look back. Seeing Fearne looking at me in wide eyed horror.   "You can't drink milk?" She asks me and I shift,  "I- Well no, no. I can do it just- I'll just be sick for days after. Probably hurling even." She covers her mouth in a horrified look,  "Alright no drink, no milk, and that leaves-" Ashton hits their fist on the counter. Calling for the barkeep. "-Hey, can I have some of that cider?"   "Cider? You want cider, Ashton?" The giant lion seems baffled and the genasi rolls their eyes,  "Fuck no, it's for my-" Ashton glances at me. Before making an almost clicking noise, "-Just some for Birdie, not me. Fuck, you know I hate that shit." The feline man blinks,  "Did you almost say your frie-?"  "Fuck off!" Ashton groans and Ishir grins,  "Alright! One cider coming up. Is this the alcohol free kind?" Ishir raises a brow,  "Yeah, liquor makes them sick." The barkeep winces,  "Damn, now that is the biggest misfortune I've heard of. You got it. Just let me go grab it." The beast walks into the back. Disappearing for a while and I smirk.  "Here I thought I was the only one getting interrogated this morning, gemstone." I bump shoulders with the genasi and they snort,  "Oh, kiss my ass." They do the same, more gentle than I would expect. But I'm finding Ashton's actually pretty soft under their rough edges. Not too different from the stones, they're so similar too.   "At least I'm not the only one with shit memory." Ashton scuffs as they take a drink, morning ale.   "I don't think it's a good thing when the one person whose memory is as bad as your own. Has problems because of something as big as this." I retort gesturing to my person and he snorts,  "Fuck you."  "Fuck you." There's no venom in the exchange and we both end up chuckling,  "Ah ha!" Ishir returns with three small barrels. "Finally found em! Sorry, I don't have much because barely anyone likes them. Though I do have three flavors. Which would you like? I've got pear, an apple blossom cider, and a honey cinnamon one. The last one is like liquid pie." The lion man laughs and Ashton smirks,  "One of each and buy a glass?" He mocks,  "If you take a shot with me." I smirk at Ashton, who makes a face.  "I'll give the shots for free if you both do it!" Ishir laughs, grinning at the genasi, earning him a side eye.  "Fine, fuck it! Give me a glass." Ashton gives and my smirk turns grows into a smile. The barkeep gives us each a shot. Also grinning from ear to ear.  "Pear?" Fearne eagerly asks as we both down the cup. Taking in the taste for a moment. Overall, I'm feeling a bit indifferent to the taste.  Ashton gags, "Fuck why is that so bitter?"   "No sugar." I choke feeling a bit of sting in my eyes. They're right, it is bitter as fuck. It just doesn't hit until a moment after.   "Ok that's a no on the pear, apple blossom?" We're given water to rinse before taking a drink. This one is sweeter, having an almost flowery taste. What's odd is the bubbly nature of the drink. How can a drink bubble?  "Fuuucck, it's like- fancy, angry juice." Ashton makes a face and I can't help a small burst of laughter. They can't help finding the perfect way to describe these drinks. Even if it's in the most crude way possible.  "It doesn't taste bad, but that is a weird texture, yeah." We rinse again and spit.   "So about pie-"  "Kiss my ass, Ashton." The genasi snickers as we taste the third shot. Letting the taste wash around. My eyes slowly widen as I take in the taste. What. The. Fuck?!   "What-?!" Ashton sounds as baffled as I am. "How?" There's a cinnamon and apple twist to the drink. It tastes exactly like pie and not just normal pie. The sweetness of honey blends with a refreshing apple. Ending with a tart bite and hint of spice. Not failing to fill my thirst, but making me want to drink more despite it.  For a moment, I'm along the coast again. Enjoying the festivities with my team. Begrudgingly eating a slice of pie from some recently imported apples. That my vice captain insists will be the recipe to turn my opinion on the dessert. It was their very own family recipe after all! I finished for him, even if it made me sick to do so. While the rest made merry and grew loud. Enjoying their single day away from the dark and soul tearing work of hunting slavers. It's good, it's one of the good days. The golden days.  "Ha! Told you, liquid pie!" Ishir's bragging snaps me back into the moment. Back into the Spire by Fire. Where no festival is taking place and I can't hear the crash of waves. Can't taste the sea in the air. Can't hear my team's laughter.   "How is it Shulk? Do you like it?" Fearne pries and F.C.G. pipes up,  "I assume you would-" The robot declares, "-If I remember right, your main complaint about pie was the balance of crust and filling, not necessarily the taste! If this has all the taste of pie, and none of the rest. Logic suggests that this would actually be to your liking."   "So?" Ashton shakes their half empty glass. The drink itself is a nice bronze that turns an amber color in the firelight. The cinnamon flecks swirl in the liquid as black flakes. It's a pretty drink that could easily be mistaken for normal beer. Reaching into my pocket, I pull out fifteen gold. Dropping five to each of them.   "Orym never hears of this. As far as he knows, this is beer." I snatch the glass from a grinning Ashton's hand. They all burst into roaring laughter.  "Sounds good to me!" Ashton pockets the coin, including F.C.G's.  "I'm very good at keeping secrets, promise." Fearne giggles as I finish the shot.   "Right, honey cinnamon. I'll make sure to keep some in stock for your friend here Ashton!" Ishir laughs and Ashton huffs and puffs again. Though they don't bother verbally disagreeing with him this time. Turning, I end up buying an entire flask of the drink. Along with a morning tankard to enjoy right now.   "I'm very happy you found something you can enjoy with us without harming yourself Shulkyr! Though don't forget to eat properly!" F.C.G. happily advises me and I agree. Getting a plate of crispy, honeyed bacon and a bowl of oatmeal filled with fruits. Mostly strawberries and blueberries, some cubed apple slices, and a dash of sugar and cinnamon for some extra coin. Turns out, Ishir is a great cook, as long as you're willing to pay him for the extra effort.  Once I get my plate, with plenty of complaints from Ashton. Mostly consisting of 'the fuck?' 'You never offered me this shit.' and 'Why do they get a discount?! The fuck Ishir?!'. We join the rest at the table they found. Ashton, Fearne, and F.C.G. settle down with me. Inserting ourselves in their morning chatter.  Ashton chose a banana, while everyone else has eggs and toasts. Making us once again the odd ones out. Though I keep having to defend my oatmeal from them and Fearne. "Get your own oatmeal damn you." I hiss at Fearne who giggles when I hear a crunch. Looking right I see Ashton finish scarfing down some bacon. Sighing, I consider cursing the genasi. Would that be an abuse of divine power?   "Fine, I'll share the bacon. Just leave my oatmeal alone, you breakfast vultures." I mutter while picking up my bowl. Hugging it to me and eating my oatmeal. While shooting them both the stink eye.   Ashton makes an eerily realistic bird caw in response. Wearing a smug, lopsided grin as they snatch up more of my bacon. Everyone laughs and asks where the hell they learned to do that. The morning chatter is so light hearted. It almost feels as if I didn't reveal I'm a bearer of a lethal curse less than two hours ago. Eventually the party's attention does return to the night before. Asking Dorian what name he wants to go by.   "I- I prefer Dorian. It's the name you know me by." He flushes as he explains what he'd like.  "It's your chosen name." Fearne nods, smiling and I pause.   "If that's what you want, Dorian, it sounds good to me." My words come out more gentle than I had intended. It makes Dorian jump as he watches me wide eyed.   "I- I mean- it's just- Thank you Shulk." He sighs practically hugging himself and I nod,  "Think nothing of it, Dorian. It's common kindness not an act of sainthood." He stares at me as I drink my cider. The shock and open stare makes my chest hurt. For a moment, I'm staring in a mirror and seeing a much younger drow. Hair bleached white, and eyes magically changed to be rose red. Blinking, I shake off the image. Eyes stinging from the threat of more tears. How many times have I cried today alone? More than I have in several years.  "Sweet, Dorian it is. Now, let's finish breakfast and start this investigation properly." Orym decides and everyone agrees. Going quiet, I just listen to the others. Enjoying my oatmeal and cider. Picking up their little quirks and jokes. Just taking in each of them.   Once we finish breakfast we're on our feet. Leaving the tavern and splitting ways. Ashton, Fearne, and I head to Effid's. While the rest head to the Smolder Spire with Chetney. The fawn skips beside me as we follow Ashton. While I nibble on my remaining bacon.   There's a chirping noise and I glance. Seeing Mister in Fearne's hair again. Staring at me wide eyed. When he sees me looking at him. He lifts his hands making grabbing motions at me. My eyes glance down to the bacon I'm nibbling and back up. He makes a screech and my eyes narrow.   "Bacon thieves." I grumble through my bacon,  "Mister, are you trying to ask Shulk for bacon?" Fearne cooes and the monkey screams. Leaping onto her shoulder.  "You have to be nice, Shulk's had a very bad time. If you're nice, maybe they'll give you some bacon?" Fearne keeps babying the animal.  "Shulk, do you like Mister?"  "I don't think I've ever properly met Mister." I state and she perks up,  "Oh! Let me introduce you. Shulkyr, this is Mister, he's my little rolly-polly." She picks up the monkey. Showing him off to me. He's a rolly-polly alright. He's practically an orb. What does the fawn feed you?!  "Mister, this is Shulkyr, they're a very attractive- dog person." She giggles and the monkey chirps. Making a series of noises at me. Raising a brow, I smirk at the 'dog person' comment.   "I'm actually shocked he seems to like me."  "Really? Mister usually likes everyone."  "Everyone?" I press and she hums,  "Well- not everyone. Mister didn't like Dariax very much." Upon hearing the name. The monkey lets out a hellish scream. Thrashing and making Ashton jump and curse in front of us.   "Huh, weird." I finish half my bacon strip. Offering the remains to the fitful monkey. Who stops screeching instantly. Chirping and snatching it up. Practically inhaling the food. Bright fire burst out of his mouth when he burps.  "Rude little monkey aren't you?" I mock and the monkey somehow gets out of Fearne's grasp. Leaping onto my shoulder and sitting there.  "Oh he really likes you Shulk!" Fearne fawns and I scratch the monkey's belly. Earning me a happy noise from the familiar.   "Apparently, it's odd." I state and Fearne tilts her head,  "That he likes you? Do animals usually not like you?"  "No, pretty much every animal I met so far hates me. Except for two reptiles I owned once." I explain enjoying being able to pet a furry animal for the first time in a while. Knowing we've dipped inside the Spire when my dark vision kicks in.  "Well you can always hang out with Mister. And I can turn into an animal for you. Have you pet a cat before? I can turn into a cat." She offers and I flush. I really need to adapt to the fey's oddities. I can't keep losing my tongue during normal chatter.   "Pet Fearne later, we're here." Ashton cuts in and we look up. Seeing the eerie organic house looming in front of us. The last time I stepped in here. I nearly committed murder. Swallowing, I find myself petting the fire spirit out of sheer nerves. Ashton's hand ends up resting on their hammer, and I nearly jump out of my skin when Fearne grabs my free hand.   "Ok, let's go." She's still all smiles and cheery, leading me inside after Ashton.  "Effid!" The genasi shouts and it doesn't take long for the eerie bird to make an appearance.    "Yes, cracked one?" Effid all but sings at Ashton. Getting into their personal space again. I'm torn between growling at the bird, and cowering into Fearne's side.   "Look Effid, shit happened last night." Ashton starts, flipping the bird a coin,  "Oh, I am aware, it was a whirlwind of chaos." The bird cooes tilting their head, "A certain mutt was limping through the shadows. Torn to shreds by a beast twice their might. If not half their size."   "Noted, Effid, where is their stone?" Ashton presses the point,  "Stone? Did I not give the inventor the stone?" The bird chirps even though his tone implies he's playing dumb, and he's not even bothering to hide it. Bastard.  "You gave Milo our stone. You know this. I mean their stone, the sand dollar. It's important, Effid. Come on man, what's it going to take?" Ashton sighs, their fear of Effid is blatant. Yet it's clear Ashton's pushing the boundaries for my sake. My ears droop and I barely resist whining.   "Ah, the other stone. Yes, that has been lost. I'm afraid, while I managed to pull your companion from the brink, Their beloved item was taken by their assailant." Effid shares and I deflate. Great, in other words, my stone is lost. Focusing on my breathing. I focus on just trying to get enough air. After what it took for King to get it for me-.  "Are you sure you don't know who attacked Shulk?" Fearne pipes up, squeezing my hand. Effid's attention turns on us as a result. The bird swings over to us. Getting far too close for my liking.   "No, I'm afraid I don't. Though you all seem more on the trail than me." The bird croaks and that causes all of us to straighten. What does that mean? "The fuck does that mean Effid?" Ashton draws the bird back, voicing our question.  "Hmm? I believe it would be obvious. It would mean you're already on the trail. Follow your set path, and I assure, Cracked one, you will find the stone you seek." Effid pulls back from Ashton. Choosing now to end the conversation. Ashton tries to catch him, but Effid ignores them this time. Disappearing into the nooks of his home.  "Damnit, fine, let's go." Ashton corrals us out of the building.   "That was quicker than we thought it was gonna be." Fearne hums and squeezes my hand, "It didn't work out, but we'll get your stone Shulk. I promise." Fearne pats my hand, and Mister makes some chirps from my shoulder.   "Yeah, we will. That kind of thing isn't something that won't pop up again. Besides, Effid said we're on the trail. He's being a cryptic asshole about it, but he did tell us we're onto something. That's good. We can work with that." Ashton reassures me and puts a hand on my back. Still careful of my wounds. Despite the fact they've long healed over.  "Let's head to the Smolder Spire. We were quick enough they should still be there." Nodding, the three of us hurry up. Partly because we want to meet up with the rest, and partly because I'm pretty sure we all want to get away from Effid. Not to mention the run is just nice. Despite myself I've always liked a good run. It's just been forever since I've had everyone to run with.   "Don't we have to take one of the cable cars?" Fearne asks skipping along with us,  "Yea, but I know a close one." My stomach nearly leaps into my throat and I make a gagging noise,  "Not a fan?" Ashton smirks, knowing damn well what bothers me. Smacking his side I glare.  "I lived underground, damnit! Leave me alone!" The pair laugh wildly in response to my shout. The three of us sprinting through the Spires at this point. People leaping out of our way. Mister leapt off my shoulder and found his way into my hip pouch. Leaving my other hand free to grab Ashton's. Pulling the genasi along as Fearne leads me. Revealing who's the quickest of us. How can she run so fast on hooves!? The rush of running forces laughter out of my chest. Leading to the other two joining me. At least this part of my morning has been something good.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  As promised, Ashton takes us to a nearby cable car. We pay the fare and slip inside. Still a bit high on the run. I'm not as terrified as I had been, but as the door is slammed shut. The entire box shakes and I take a sharp breath. Ashton puts their hammer down and rests their weight against it.  "Hey, come here." Ashton tugs me and Fearne releases my hand, "Rest against the hammer. Helps feel grounded and balanced." Ashton chuckles and I glare at them. Smacking their good shoulder before leaning into the hammer. Finding that it's hefty weight does help ground me after a moment.   "I mean I like the cars. They're nice." Ashton comments as the cart starts to noticeably sway.  "Oh noo, we're gonna fall." Fearne giggles and I practically latch onto Ashton and their hammer,  "Fearne!!" She giggles and stops shaking the cable car,  "Sorry, it's fun." Fearne chirps and I sigh,  "Hey, if it falls. We'll die instantly, no pain." Ashton presses like that is supposed to help,  "And if it doesn't?"  "From a height like this? Doubt it." They shrug and I shift. Resisting punching the genasi again. When I pull my hand back, I brush what feels like a large chain. Curious, I look down and spot something.  "Is that a giant gold chain?" Ashton hums and glances down,  "Oh yeah." They confirm and I see an emblem swing from the end. It takes me a moment, but I eventually place it as a religious symbol.  "Do you even know what God that symbol is for?" I ask, knowing damn well it isn't theirs. Even if I had yet to clock Ashton as having it. Covered in gold as they are, it just blended in. Not that I've paid too much attention to everyone's appearances.   "Uh, a god of the forge?" My lip quirks at their guess,  "Close, it's the Allhammer, a god of crafts and skills. Usually a patron to artisans and blacksmiths."  "Yeah, it's for the god of- arts and crafts!" Fearne cheers, clapping her hands. When I glance at her. I see her eyes are fixated on Ashton's chain. Both have terribly sticky fingers. I wonder if it's just gonna start passing hands?  "Speaking of religion, You're kind of a priest aren't you?" Ashton questions and I shrug,  "Not really."  "But didn't you and Orym say something about blood hunters being connected to the crow queen?" Fearne asks and I snort,  "Uh- The Raven Queen." She jumps with a quiet 'oh, right' while nodding along,  "And as for how blood hunters are connected to the Raven Queen. She's a god of death, so her biggest enemies are the undead. Her clerics spread her worship, but her blood hunters take care of those enemies. We're like-"  "Her Enforcers? Paladins even?" Ashton chirps and I blink,  "I've never been given the respect that usually comes with that title. But- Yeah, I suppose, we're like the paladins of other gods." Before we can continue talking about the gods. The car comes to a stop. Swaying a bit before the door opens. Letting us escape from the confined space. The three of us setting foot on the Smolder Spire for the first time.  "Would you look at that! They got through a cable car ride without crying." Ashton teases and I hit them again, earning me a grunt.  "Ass."  "You know it Birdie." Ashton laughs and Fearne flanks my other side.  "So do any of us know where that house we're going to is?" The fawn asks and we all shrug,  "It's on this Spire. Fuck, Don't think we asked Chetney the exact place though." Ashton looks around taking in the Smolder Spire and I hum,  "It's ok, I know what Imogen smells like. I can find them." I mumble, and they both perk up.  "Wait, you know what we smell like?" Fearne asks as I start sniffing,  "At this point, yeah." It's a bit difficult to catch onto anyone's scents. The furnaces and coal mines are filling the air with smog that overpowers most else. We have to walk a bit, but eventually I do catch something. It's not Imogen's smell. It's a light smell that's semi-familiar, airy, flowery even. Pinched with the salty scent of sweat and a bit of sword oil.   "Oh, found Orym." I chirp and they perk up,  "Sweet, lead the way Birdie." Ashton encourages and we carry on. The three of us heading through the Spire. Following the invisible trail the halfling left behind. Until we get to a small residential area. Pulling the other two along. We find a house with a door left wide open.  "Hello! We've arrived!" Fearne cheers and a ball of electrical light moves. Lightning up the interior as we step inside.   "Guys! You're back already?" Imogen seems surprised as we look around,  "Yeah, Effid was no help. Just said a bunch of cryptid shit." Ashton explains as we take in the destroyed interior.   "Fuck. Someone rolled this place." Walking over to a severely clawed up corner. I kneel and investigate some of the marks. Sniffing at them, they're definitely too big to be Shade Creeper claws. The identifying smells have long faded away. Leaving no hint as to what could have left them. Annoyed, I keep investigating. Hoping to find something more fresh.  It's a bit frustrating. This scene is causing an itch in the back of my mind. There's something familiar about this. It's on the tip of my tongue. Yet I can't quite place it.   Before I can get up to investigate further. I'm joined by Orym. "Hey."  "Hey." Turning, I give the halfling my attention. He must want to talk to me about something.   "So no luck with Effid?" Frowning, I feel my ears drop.  "No, he said whoever I fought took my stone. But he didn't tell us who it was." Orym frowns hearing that. Sitting on my words for a moment before nodding.  "At least we have a clue about where the stone went. We can hunt down who attacked you last night. We did it with Dugger, we can do it again." Orym reassures me and I perk up. Finding the comparison somewhat comforting. We did manage to find Dugger.  "Yeah, that's something." I breath and Orym puts a hand on my shoulder,  "Shulkyr," His voice resembles my own leadership voice, demanding my attention.  "Yea?"   "Can I ask you to do something for me?" Orym prompts and I slowly nod,  "If your transformation has triggers, or you have some odd weakness that could be abused. You'll tell us. That way we can help you and work around this." Orym makes his demands and I stare. They already know about the curse. There's no point in lying and hiding it. Keeping secrets would just cause more trouble, wouldn't it?  "Ok."   "Thank you." He smiles and I nod, it's nice. Being able to let someone else take the lead. Someone you can somewhat trust. It's a nice feeling. Is this why he adores his own leader so much?  "Orym."  "Hmm?" He waits for me to talk,  "I know the stories always talk about the full moon, but it actually happens every night." His eyes widened a bit.   "Are full moons even special then?"  "They are, I can try to fight it off on most nights, but I can't on a full moon." I explain and he nods,  "Ok, thank you Shulk. That's good to know. I'll keep it in mind." He promises when we hear a new voice. We turn as an elven woman walks inside. Revealing she's the owner of this building, and that Gurge was merely renting from her. Ashton and Imogen take the lead in questioning her. Dorian starts shifting things around. Revealing smears of old blood. Orym and I head over, though not before Fearne gets down and licks some of it.  "Fearne, it doesn't even smell anymore. I don't think the taste will still be there." I chuckle and she perks up,  "I thought it was worth a try." She smiles and I tilt my head. Just giving her a look of warm bafflement.   The rest manage to send the elven woman away. After prying a bunch of gossip from her. Including something about a dire wolf. I pause surrounded by the mess and look around. Watching Ashton smash some shit. Much to Laudna and Dorian's loud complaints. Which only get louder when Fearne joins Ashton in their destruction.  "Shulkyr, is everything alright? You've got this look." Imogen whispers gesturing to her face,  "What race is this Gurge again?" I ask flaring my nose and flicking my ear. Something about this paired with all the gossip. It's causing that itch to get worse.   "Uh- I don't think Chetney actually told us." She hums as everyone comes over to us,  "So is this one joining us now or-?" The loud gnome comments glaring up at me,  "Uh Chetney this Shulkyr, they're going to be with us." Dorian introduces me to the gnome who glares at him,  "And this was your idea?"  "No, Chetney it was-"  "Good! You only have bad ideas." Dorian whimpers in response,  "Chetney, why are you so mean to me?" I watch their interaction spiral and walk a bit around them. Pausing beside Chetney. Shifting a bit as I look at the door.  "Anyways! What are you even here for? Just to scare people, playing damsel in distress, or- HEY!" Everyone shouts as the loud crack of Chetney's ribs fill the air. The old man screams as I successfully punt him out the door. Straight through the frame and into the streets. He even skips across the stone and I hum.  "I don't like him." All eyes turn on me as Ashton bursts into cawing laughter. Followed by Fearne's giggles and a snorting Dorian.  "Ok, that's not nice." Dorian struggles out the words and I quirk a brow,  "But it was funny."  "It was very funny, cathartic." He admits after a moment quietly giggling despite himself,  "Good. Besides, I do have to say something." Everyone quiets down to give me their full attention.  "I've never been to this Spire." I state and many of them give me curious looks,  "I mean most of us haven't." Laudna hums scratching her cheek,  "Yeah, but I mean I've never been to this Spire. I'd know the smell otherwise. Or it would at least feel familiar." I mumble and let it sink in what I mean.  "Wait, do you mean-?" Dorian makes a noise and some wild gestures,  "Oh shit." Ashton breathes, seeming to understand where I'm going.  "Those marks are too small to be Dire wolf's and too big for a Shade Creeper. So- I'll ask again, do we know what race Gurge is?" I look across the group and Fearne blinks,  "Wait. Do you think Gurge is like me?" Fearne waves her staff. She could turn into a hound. So it is possible Gurge is a druid.  "I mean it's possible, but I don't think that's what they're implying." Dorian whispers to her and F.C.G. rolls up to me,  "Mrs. Shulkyr do you really think. You might not be the werewolf the Wilders are after?" The robot asks and I make a face,  "Fifty fifty, Gurge is either a Druid who got in one hell of a fight-" I gesture to the destroyed place around us, "-or he's a lycanthrope that lost control and got caught. Where are we putting our money?" I ask and they all look to each other,  "Fuck, let's hope druid? Have you been around anyone else like you? You won't just be forced to transform and fight him or some shit right?" Ashton asks and all I can do is shrug,  "No idea."  "Right, then let's hope druid. Either way we already agreed to help Chetney, and we have already started digging." Imogen sighs and everyone agrees. We're going to help Chetney to the end. We've already gone this far. It would just be rude to turn back now. Especially with payment already in place. I pause and make a face. Speaking of-  "What is Chetney paying us for this?" I ask, I don't think that's something I've been told yet actually. I look across the group, who has suddenly turned rather sheepish.   "What did he offer?" I sigh, waiting for the reveal. Dorian is avoiding eye contact. Poking his fingers together. Ashton is leaning on their hammer and rubbing their neck. The girls are all blushing with nervous smiles. Orym refuses to meet my eyes and clears his throat. What in the world-?  "Toys." Fearne sings and I stare in disbelief,  "Toys?" I press and F.C.G. answers,  "Chetney offered custom wood crafted toys, but he also offered pay! You can ask him for coin instead!" The robot shares and I shake my head. Unable to help my baffled smile.  "Toys?" I parrot my question in disbelief,   "I really want the fucking toy." Ashton whispers with childish excitement and a bashful grin. Everyone mirrors their mood and I raise a brow. All this for some wooden toys huh?   'Come on captain! It's just a quick side job. We're helping a little old lady, and there's pie involved!'  'Pie? You want to deal with undead in exchange for- pie?'  'It's strawberry Pie!' 'You know how rare even one berry is boss!' 'Come on! It's just another day cap! Besides, it's my aunt making my family's famous pie. You can't miss it!' Blinking snaps me back to the present. Deafing the voices that called to me. One last scan across the group and I sigh. They do seem happy with it. So I suppose it isn't the worst.  "Ok. Toys it is." I agree and they all beam at me,  "Yay! Toys!" Everyone cheers and we all start to leave. Heading to the next place we chose to focus on. The jail, where the Wilders who are currently hunting werewolves are based. This sounds like a wonderful idea.~•~  "She's gonna kick me again!" Chetney complains, eyeing me from far to my left, and far out of my kicking range. Which makes his comment even more bizarre. Especially with Ashton, Imogen, and Laudna between us.   "I doubt they will Mr. Chetney." Imogen sighs and the man grumbles,  "Her legs twitching and she's snarling. I know she's gonna do it!"   "Maybe because you keep saying 'her'? Shulkyr doesn't go by her." Dorian gently suggests from my right,  "Who asked you?!" Dorian yelps and I draw Raven's Kiss,  "Shulk!" Everyone shouts and it's a whole debacle. Eventually my crossbow ends up back in its sheath. While Chetney ends up on the other side of Fearne. By the time we arrive at the jail. The party has officially decided Chetney and I aren't allowed to be closer than four people.   Before another incident can happen. We focus on the task at hand. Which involves chatting with the two wardens lingering outside. Staying back I watch the duo. Straining my hearing to catch their whispers. Though it's hard when everyone keeps chattering. They both jump out of their skin at the mention of Gurge. Starting to smell of panic as they excuse themselves.  "They're hiding something big." I mumble and everyone is quick to agree. After some quick discussion, Fearne transforms into a rat to follow after them.   "Dorian you can give me invisibility right?" I whisper to the Genasi who jumps,  "Huh, oh yes! Do you-?"  "It feels like a bad idea to let one of us get locked inside, alone."   "Right, good point. Here, good luck." Dorian pats my shoulder, and magic shimmers over me. My form vanishes and I'm quick to follow the druid. I manage to slip inside before they close the door, locking it behind them. Hugging to the wall I wait for my darkvision to kick in. Scanning the hall before I carry on, searching. I don't want to step on Fearne.   Once I clock her, I have to resist snorting. She's in rat form and sneaking on her hind legs. It's ridiculous that they don't notice her. Being a rather sizable cream rat with a mint colored mohawk and a daisy behind her ear. Her smaller stride means she falls behind, but I make sure to stick between her and the two wardens. Listening to the pair chatter. Throwing ideas about why they think the 'weird group' is asking about Gurge.   Eventually, we end up at an office. Which the Wilders slip into. I remain outside, keeping my foot in the doorway. Stopping it from closing completely. Letting Fearne slip inside the room. Hopefully, they won't notice the her. I mean, they haven't yet, it's comical.   Through my amusement I listen to the trio speak. Revealing they're reporting to the Warden. The duo describe our group. Informing their boss about how we mentioned Gurge. Which causes quite a ruckus. Including their boss telling them to tell us Gurge has been imprisoned, be spare about the details, and to stop answering questions. I'm smelling secrets and potential corruption.   I start to pull back from the door hearing them salute. I get three steps back when I hear a squeak. Followed by a faint poof noise. Which causes startled gasps. My hand shoots to my neck and freezes. Right, my stones are gone. Shit. My hand drops to my crossbow next. Alright, let's see how we're getting out of this one. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V
  
  Fearne is quick to start lying her head off. Telling them that she has tried to race after them. To tell them about a pack of Dire Wolves outside. That's the lie you go with?!   "W-What do you mean dire wolves?" One warden presses and she keeps lying. Gods, why does she keep lying? Ok, let's go with this and see where it goes!  'There's no way you're actually doing this pup.' Oh, but I am. I can already feel the ache. The sound of a sword drawing pushes me over. Changing my form and breaking me apart. Dropping the invisibility, I crouch and growl.  "There were so many different kinds! There were giant fluffy ones-" Fearne rants and I let out a snarl,  "Oh! Oh My Gods, There's one now, I told you!" Standing on my hinds, I lash out at the door. Those inside shout and I let out a roar.   "Fucking hells! That's- That's no fucking dire wolf!" My eyes spin on the source. Lunging for one Warden. I sink my fangs into his leg. Yanking him back into the hall.   "Oh! Oh no, you better take care of that!" Fearne cries, and takes the chance to slip past me. The Wardens draw their weapons. Shouting and backing away from me.   "Grab others, quickly!" The hall echoes with a loud bang. It makes my ears ring and I whine. Shaking my head, I lunge for the other one. Snapping my jaws and tasting blood. Tearing into his sword arm. I toss that one into a wall.   "Shulk, Shulkyr, Pretend I chase you off! Trust me!" My hearing just manages to catch the whispering fawn.   'Now this is odd.' Spinning on the fawn, I snap at her. She swings her staff and summons a mock blast of flame. It barely singes some of my fur and I yelp. 
    'Flee pup, just go for the door. Don't get cornered.' 
  "Hey! Bad dog! Bad!" Fearne frowns, and I race back where we came from. Racing through the corridors. There's a massive thud and light floods the corridor. Bolting, I leap through the doorway. Shoving the figures that had been standing there. Which leads to much yelling.   "Shulk! What?!" A voice rings in my head and I snort. That's not one of my voices. Who's talking in my head?! Rushing through streets and leaping up. Getting over a piece of equipment. I bolt, hoping to lose them and find someplace to hide.  'This is by the far the stupidest thing you've ever done.'
  ~•~

  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Everyone startles as the werewolf form of Shulkyr shoots past them. Followed by two wardens, both severely injured stumbling into the doorway shouting.   "Did you do this?!" One shouts and the party bulks,   "Uh! No we- I- You really need to get that door fixed! We knocked and it just fell over like this." Imogen instantly starts fibbing and the other warden hisses. Bleeding heavily from a massive bite wound.  "Forget the door! Did you see that massive beast?!" One demands as Fearne and their captain rounds the corner.   "Oh wow! Did you guys get those Dire wolves?! You know, the big scary wolves that were destroying everything?!" Fearne shouts and the entire party turns to her. Realization dawns on them as Fearne nods rapidly.  "Oh yeah," "Yeah," "Of course!" They all lie through their teeth. Some faking injury from said 'dire wolves'.  "W-Wait wasn't there another one of you? A drow?" The limping warden asks,  "Oh! Oh, Shulkyr our dear friend! The one that slipped past us took them on the way down! They both plummeted off the side!" Imogen cries and the others join her. Laudna drops to her knees and even starts crying. The black tears unsettling the wardens enough they drop the topic.  Fearne keeps playing along and manages to charm the Captain while no one's looking. Cooling the raging warden's temper. Convincing the man with sweet words to give them their information, and ignore their shady words. Prompting the Captain to share what he does know of Gurge. Including that the Wilders were paid to help a bounty Hunter named Artana Voe. Gurge was carried off by the bounty hunter. Though where he was taken is unknown to the Wilders.   After getting their information. They all awkwardly leave. Barely managing to restrain their panic. Once they're a good distance away. Orym yanks the other sending stone from his pocket.   "Shulk, hey, are you ok? Where did you run off too?" Orym sends the message as everyone hisses.  "Why the fuck was Shulk is werewolf form?"   "Oh well you see, I kind of panicked and told them a bunch of wolves were attacking." Fearne shyly admits and Dorian makes a noise,  "And Shulkyr went along with it?!"   Fearne just shrugs and smiles, "Well- I mean, I was in a bit of trouble. My lie worked. Shulkyr made it work."   "Ok, but guys. How are we finding Shulkyr before the Wilders?" Orym asks clutching to the stone,  "Didn't we tell them the wolf went off the cliff with your drow friend?" Chetney pipes up and Imogen throws up her hands,  "Yeah, but what if someone else sees them?! It's Mid-day!" She's panicking and Laudna quietly hushes her. Trying to reassure the hyperventilating woman.   "Fuuuck!" Ashton groans and everyone's at a loss what to do,  "We have to give them some time. We have no idea how long their transformation lasts." Orym mumbles, "They told me that at night they have to fight it. They never suggested they could control it."   "Wait, if they can't control it, and they still transformed- Fearne, how much trouble were you in?!" Everyone spins back on the fawn who just hums,  "Hey, don't get on my ass about it! One of those guys stepped on me, and they were being very rude. Shulkyr just kind of showed up, already wolfed out." Fearne defends herself and the party sighs,   "Well fuck, I guess all we can do is wait." Ashton shrugs and everyone sighs. Unsure how to continue, they accept defeat. Deciding to focus on what to do with the new information. Ultimately, they decide to head to Lord Esterhross. Since Artana is apparently the kind of bounty hunter only someone with a lot of coin could afford to hire. They head back over to the cable car. Coughing up a silver coin each with very loud complaints.   Chetney is quizzing Dorian the entire way. Asking what he can and can't do. While everyone else keeps an eye open. Hoping they don't get caught by any wandering Wilders. Or that a certain werewolf approaches them in broad daylight. It's a horrible walk and no one calms until they get out of the cable car. Walking down familiar roads they ease up. Until they reach the familiar manor and knock on the door. Sure enough Evelyn, the only servant Esterhross seems to keep, opens the door and looks across them.   "Ah, it seems Shulkyr has gone missing once again?" Evelyn sounds almost teasing when she states it.  "Uh- Yeah, we're waiting for them to call us, and say that they're ok." Orym shows off the stone and she nods,  "Fair enough. Come inside, it's safer to wait while you speak with Lord Esterhross." She lets everyone inside and leads them to the office. Where the orc lord is sitting in front of his fireplace. He gives his attention to the party. Lending an ever patient ear as they inform him of everything that has happened since the theater. Answering any questions they throw at him the best he can.   After they've gotten their answers. Esterhross informs them about their previous requests. That the Anger is willing to meet Orym with a few days heads up. The substance they had found was absolutely Brumestone. Though the slime they gave him from Dugger has yet to give any answers. He looks across the group with a curious look.  "I'm curious, has the tea drinker vanished again?" Esterhross prods and the group jumps. Each stumbling in answering him. While they're giving scrambled half explanations. Orym feels a faint warmth and his gaze drops.   "Shulkyr!" He gasps and everyone spins. Seeing the sending stone is glowing again.  It starts with a huff and a groan of pain, "Hey Orym, I'm al- well, I'm managing. I'm still on the Smolder Spire, hanging out at the uh- Soot and Swill." The message cuts there and the group stares.  "I mean it's convenient?" Laudna gently jokes and smiles,  "Fuuuck! Fuck!" Ashton complains and lets out a heavy sigh, "Ok, Fine, Soot and Swill, let's go. Come on." Ashton ushers the group out. Everyone whining at having to pay for the cable car again.   "Has anyone else noticed a trend of a beaten up Shulkyr ending up in taverns?" Dorian asks and everyone chuckles at that.  "Yeah, funny ain't it?" Chetney mumbles and everyone chatters. Until the car reaches the other end.  "Wait, does that mean we have to take the cable car again?" Everyone loudly groans, getting out their silver. ~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  "So- wolf monsters attacked the jail?"  "Aye, it tackled me and we went off the spire. If it weren't for feather fall, I would have crashed down into the jungle with it." I lie through my teeth and the half orc woman nods. After patching me up, she's fairly likely to believe me. Damned cracked ribs and torn muscles.   "Well- ain't you lucky?" She partly teases and I hum,  "Luck seems to be the only reason I'm alive this week." Sighing, I take a swig from my cider. Enjoying the meal that I ordered. Provides by the snarky half orc. What is with me and uniya in this city? I'm not complaining, I kind of enjoy the attention of such attractive women.   "I hear you, but that's mercenary work for you." She chuckles as she serves others.  "So, are you waiting for some friends or just lingering about?" She pries and I grumble,  "Waiting, they'll show up. I actually should apologize prempetivally. One of my companions has a history with-"  "Shulkyr! The fuck!" Pushing off the table. I turn and see Ashton, F.C.G., and Fearne approach.  "No damn way, you're with Ashton?" Preio gives me a look and I shrug,  "It has yet to bite me in the ass." She shakes her head at me. Turning her attention on Ashton. Her mood noticably soured. Listening in, I let them sort out their differences. Turns out the genasi got himself banned from this tavern. That's a first. Ashton asks what they can do to make it great. Which prompts Preio to say they have to buy an eighty gold coin wine to make up for whatever happened last time.   "What did you do? Murder a customer." I mock and Ashton glares at me. I just raise my brows and smirk.  "Wipe that smug smile off your face damnit." Ashton gives me a playful glare,  "Nah." While we're bantering, Fearne gets Pireo's attention. Offering the gold chain that had been around Ashton's waist.   I burst out laughing out of shock more than anything. Cutting short when my ribs ache. I'm left wheezing as Ashton is forced to still cough up forty gold. Grumbling, they yank me out of my seat.  "Hey!" I wince as their shoulder presses into my ribs,  "Well you weren't walking." Ashton carries me off to a table where everyone is waiting.  "I was eating."  "Sounded like you were dying to me." Ashton remarks and I roll my eyes,  "At least I don't sound like a crow."  "Hey! There's nothing wrong with my cawing." They drop me into a chair. Taking the one next to me. Grumbling about the wine they were coerced into buying. Imogen asks what it says, looking at me and I shrug. I speak undercommon, not elvish.  Laudna perks up and takes the bottle. Her eyes roll back and glow as she reads it. Revealing it's an elvish plum wine from Tal'dorei. Which doesn't cheer up Ashton. Who eyes it with open ire. While their sulking everyone carries on with a different topic.  "Shulkyr! You're in- relatively one piece. That's- That's good!" Dorian fumbles and I hum,  "Yeah, sorry."  "So really quick-" Imogen leans in and everyone mirrors her, "-Can we just have. Like a rough explanation of how your curse works because that startled the hell outta us." All eyes turn to me and I nod,  "That's fair. Um-" How do I explain everything they would need to know?  "-but, maybe not here?" My voice cracks and they all stare. Turning, I refuse to meet any of their eyes.   "Ok, but if it threatens to happen again. Maybe just-" Imogen can't seem to figure out what she wants me to do.  "We need a signal or something." Ashton sighs, "That way you can tell us when it's about to happen and we help you get out. Get somewhere that's at least safer to transform." Ashton grabs a cup and apparently decides to pour themself a glass. The curiosity must be getting the best of them.  "That's not a bad idea actually." Dorian agrees and nods,  "So what could the signal be? It would have to be subtle and something Shulkyr could do whenever." Laudna sings and her claws are tapping her cheeks. While Ashton gags and hisses. Pushing the wine away.  "I-" My words die and I just rest back in my chair.  "At least we have the idea started. We can think about when we're not here." Orym decides and everyone agrees. We'll have to sort out everything somewhere safer. Where no curious ears could catch what's being discussed.   "Ok, well then, who's gonna go up to Preio?"   "I can." "I can!" F.C.G. and I turn to face each other surprised.  "Oh! Together then?" The robot prompts and I nod,  "Sure, Preio actually seems to like me a bit anyways." With that, Grass and I head back over to the bar. The uniya perks up when we approach.   "Need something? Ashton pop a stitch?" They give the genasi the stink eye. Shaking my head I sit back down. Sipping on my cider.  "No, not yet. They're rough around the edges, but they can be soft. Like limestone." Preio snorts at that,  "Sure, but I wouldn't lean on them so much. Softstone tends to crack when under pressure." Preio warns and it's ominous. What the hell happened Ashton?   Everyone usually praises the genasi for 'making friends'. Preio sounds almost mocking about it. Then again she's the one person so far Ashton is on genuinely bad terms with. They're so hesitant about friends. Because of the amount of trust involved. They used to be part of a team, didn't they? Ashton said they all left and he stayed. Add Pireo's words into the mix-. My gaze flicks back to the genasi. A heavy feeling settles in and I snap back to the conversation.  Just catching F.C.G. mention they were told she is Artana's sister. Leaning on the table I support that. "When we were at the jail." Preio's attention snaps to me, and I take in her stiff body language.   "One of the Wardens suggested we seek Artana out after the whole mess. Because she handled something similar not too long ago." I give a half baked excuse as to why we would be hunting down Antana. Pireo narrows her gaze at me as she shifts.  "Sorry, my last name is Madali not Voe. We're not related." F.C.G. seems surprised and apologies. I nod and pretend to believe her. Grass asks her to tell us if Antana comes by. Going with my lie about the Warden's directing us here.   "Well, that's that. All I have to ask is if you have something good behind the bar." I turn away from the discussion, and try to ease Pireo down. Watching Grass roll back to the party.   "Depends on what you consider good." She hums and I make a face,  "I don't really consider liquor good-"  "What the fuck's in your flask then?"  "Cider. I decked Ashton and they bailed me out of trouble in a span of ten minutes. I've been meaning to buy them an apology beer." I cough and Pireo quirks a brow. That's not why I owe them an apology beer. But it seems to help convince Pireo to help me out. The uniya pushes off the counter and looks around. Coming back with a pretty strong smelling drink.   "Twenty gold. It's actually worth the price this time." Pireo snorts, eyeing the bottle of wine.   "Hope so, they hated it." Pireo cackles at that as I pay for the beer. Taking it back to our table.   "Gemstone-" I chirp and Ashton turns, "-I got you a present." I give them the beer and they beam.   "Oh fuck yeah."   "Pireo promised this one was actually worth the price. So enjoy." I settle back down as Ashton drinks.   "Good?"  "Yup, thanks Birdie." Ashton grunts and the others fill me in. Apparently F.C.G. caught Pireo glancing towards the kitchen. Which leads into plotting on how to get into the kitchen. Chetney insists that he could get in there. When asked how he's so confident he shrugs. Before snapping his fingers and vanishing without another word.   "Oh, invisibility." I blink and hear a cackle,  "Yup, See ya later bitches!" There's a smack and Dorian recoils. Holding his cheek and my eyes shoot wide.  "Chetney!" I snarl and have to be restrained before I leap out of my chair. How dare-!  "Shulk! God dammit not again!" 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Ashton has to restrain a snarling Shulkyr. Catching Pireo's attention and getting the uniya to storm over to the table with a huff. Everyone else is trying to calm the drow. While Chetney sneaks away and into the kitchen effortlessly.    "Ashton, Are you starting another fight in my bar?"   "Hey- No! That's not what's happening."  "I'm gonna kill him!" The drow snaps still struggling in the genasi's grasp,  "Shulk-"   "Oh, it's you then. What happened?" Preio seems to lose her anger in favor of curiosity. Causing Ashton to make a face at that.  "Ok, why the fuck does every barkeep we meet give you special treatment?" Ashton fakes hurt. Shifting Shulkyr's attention onto them for a moment.  "Because I haven't started fights in their bars, and I'm not shy about money."   "Ouch, you're right. But- Ow." Preio snorts at their interaction. Shaking her head and crossing her arms.  "Right indeed, now do I need to throw someone out?"  "No, no, no-" Dorian panics, waving his hands. Turning the uniya's attention onto him, "-No it's- I got punched that's all. Shulkyr tends to get aggressive on my behalf. It wasn't even a hard hit-!" Dorian squeaks when Preio leans into him. Giving the air genasi a good look. Noting the bright pink mark on his face. She quirks a brow and lets out a bit of a laugh.  "You're a soft one then huh?" Dorian is blushing purple at this point and nods,  "I- I well- I'm not Shulk and Ashton." Dorian flusters and Shulkyr lets out a low growl,  "Yeah, sure. If someone actually throws a punch I'm sure I'll know." Preio snorts and turns her attention back to Shulkyr,  "Since Ashton stole you away from your meal, you want another one? Half price to not snap the head off my customers." Preio offers and Shulkyr's attention snaps to her.  "There it is, a new meal coming up." Preio snaps her fingers and they cough up the coin. Which earns more complaints from Ashton.   Meanwhile Chetney is investigating the kitchen. Seeing the only cook is a towering ogre. Who's currently cooking a large slab of unknown meat. While the gnome is sneaking about. He catches sight of a disguised door. Though he can't check it out further. Since there's a towering shelf stacked in front of it. The gnome struggles to move it, but the shelf doesn't even budge.   Giving up, he starts to leave the kitchen when he hears a shout. "Another meal!"   "Another meal, coming up!" The ogre calls back and Chetney freezes. Stuck to the spot for a while. Before he decides it's safe. Leaving the kitchen and returning to the party. Sneaking up to Dorian and grabbing his cape. Yanking him down and loudly whispering.   "There's an ogre in the kitchen!" The gnome reveals as Dorian makes a face. Looking around, he recognizes Chetney's voice. Yet he can't see him. Instead his eyes have settled on Shulkyr. Seeing the drow glaring at the empty spot next to him.  "There's also a secret door, but it's behind a massive bookshelf! I need one of you to move it." The gnome hisses and the party decides what to do. Deciding the best way to do this is to split the party.   Imogen, Laudna, and Fearne take the role of distracting the cook. Planning to use the idea of asking for the chef and complimenting him. Hoping flattery will keep him out of the kitchen. F.C.G. and Shulkyr are the second time. Agreeing to distract Pireo.  While Ashton, Orym, Dorian, and Chetney are in team kitchen. Planning to sneak inside once everyone else has started their parts. Everyone gets in position and Ashton pretends to be drunk on Dorion. Giving F.C.G. a bottle and telling them to remember the bottle trick. Which earns a quirked brow from Shulkyr. What bottle trick?   The drow gets to find out pretty quickly. F.C.G. rolling up to Preio and asking for tips on their trick. Shulkyr plops back down on their stool. Watching with a tilt of their head.  "You know what he's on about?" Preio asks and all Shulkyr can do is shrug. Still eyeing F.C.G. with drooped ears. Completely at a loss as to what the robot is up to.   They get their answer when F.C.G. tries to balance the bottle on their head. It starts to slide and the robot rolls to catch it. Causing the bottle to slide back, and Grass follows the momentum before correcting. Entering this loop where they barely keep the bottle from falling. Earning the eyes of every drunkard around. Shulkyr perks up letting out a whine. Watching in open fascination.    While their crowd loses their minds about the robot. Fearne calls over a goblin. Convincing him to grab the chef for her. It's its own sight when the dirty ogre rushes out from the kitchen. Racing over to the table with a huff.  "Was it ok?" The ogre asks, seeming like he's about to burst in anger. Fearne perks up and smiles up at him.  "Why- it's actually the tastiest meal I've ever had!" Fearne compliments and the ogre sniffles. His eyes even start to water with joy. It doesn't take long for Fearne to get the ogre to stay. Convincing him to tell her everything that's in the meal. Once everything has happened the kitchen team makes their move. Ashton snaps their fingers and uses pass without a trace. Blessing the group as they easily sneak past everyone and slip into the kitchen.   Chetney, still invisible, races over to the bookshelf. Smacking it and demanding one of them move it. It takes the group a moment. As they all quickly check for a bookshelf. Not finding one until they finally place where Chetney's screeching is coming from. The trio barely resist snorting when they see the 'bookshelf'. It turns out to be a good cart. Barely taller than Orym the halfling easily moves the cart out of the way. Revealing the barely concealed door.   "You have the strength of a god-" Chetney comments in awe before he shoots at the door. Starting to fiddle with the lock. Hearing a few clicks before his tool slips.   After one failed attempt at lock picking. Everyone quickly discusses how they should open it. All eyes turning on Ashton. Expecting them to break it down.   "No, I- I really don't think-" They turn their head. Checking the door as the others press them. Sighing Ashton draws their hammer. Taking a big swing. It crashes into the wall, but fails to break the lock. Before Ashton can take another swing. They hear sizzling and burning. Turning they spot a burning meal.   "Ah, shit." Ashton is quick to flip the meat. Not wanting it to ruin. Leaving the rest to figure out how to open the door. Chetney tries one more time to open the door. Fiddling with it and barely managing to pick the lock. Since Ashton's hammer made it worse. Once the lock hits the floor and they open the door. The team seems pretty pleased.   Chetney is the first to head downstairs. Orym follows after him. Ashton takes the meat off the stove. While Dorian gives chase. Once Ashton has shit off the stove they follow after. Getting downstairs and finding a small cellar. Along with a cot and an unknown, cloaked figure armed with a heavy crossbow. Primed and aimed directly at Orym.   "Please don't shoot!" Orym puts up and hand,  "Why should I not?" The figure growls and Orym's eyes dart around,  "We just wanna talk. We're looking for Artana Voe." The halfling explains, the moment after he finishes. They fire a bolt and Orym swings his shield. Piercing his chin as Ashton starts to shove his way to the front.  "Wait, Wait, Wait. I've got a bolt to the chin, I still don't wanna fight. We just wanna talk."  "Then talk." By now the figure has spun. Reloading the bolt and aiming it at Dorian now.   "Chet, Chetney are you still around?" Orym calls and Dorian has thrown up both hands,  "Whatever you say, better be good." Dorian hisses and after there's no answer. The figure fires another shot. Just missing Dorian's head and embedding into the wall beside it. Causing the genasi to yelp. Another flick of their hands reloads the crossbow.~•~  "And it's- Shulk what's wrong?" The drow and robot have long rejoined the rest. Everyone long bored of their tricks. Imogen gives the drow a nervous look. As their head snapped towards the kitchen. Staring at it with an unknown intensity.   "For fuck's sake, we're looking for- fuck's sake we're looking for a friend. For a friend of a friend that went missing and things have been weird. We just need a little bit of fucking help!" Ashton, finally pushed to the front, hisses at the figure. One hand on their hammer.  "Gurge, we're looking for Gurge." Orym spills,  "Shulkyr, where are you going?" Laudna sings as all eyes turn on the drow who's stood up. Their focus is still pinned on the door.   "Gurge, fuck." Ashton growls and the figure keeps their crossbow pointed at Dorian,  "You're not gonna find Gurge here."  "I know that we need help." Ashton hisses their eye flicking between the weapon and the other genasi,  "What do you have to offer?"   "Fuck, I don't know that. We haven't gotten that far. What do you need, what do you want? Why don't you fucking talk you asshole?!" Ashton spits at Chetney, wherever he may be.   "We have money!" Chetney announces from off to the left. The figure fires a bolt at the source. Missing, but not managing to stick the gnome who still shouts.  "Ah! You got me! You got me! Oh, It hurts! I'm sorry, I'm sorry I've been ailed by this affliction my whole life!" Chetney cries as the figure reloads another bolt. ~•~  "Pretty, you've got a meal burning. I've got it." Shulkyr comments and the ogre perks up,  "Oh, I forgot- you know how to turn off stove?" The ogre shouts and Shulkyr gives him a thumbs up.  "Yup! Daddy taught me, I'll turn off your flames. Won't touch a thing."  "Ok! Thank you!" Pretty shouts and Preio yells,  "For the love a- Are you trying to burn the place down?"   "Sorry boss." The uniya sighs, not able to criticize the ogre much more. It's not often Pretty gets compliments. Her eyes turn on Shulkyr. Watching the drow walk into the kitchen. Face twisted into a corncrrned expression.~•~  "I'm looking for Gurge! Just trying to find him so I can get some work. Please-" Chetney cries, the old man rambles and the figure demands they hand over the coin. Chetney puts down thirty gold. Leading Ashton to threaten Chetney if he has more. Dorian is quick to match Chetney's offer. The figure moves and keeps the crossbow at the ready.  Steps echo as someone strides down the steps, "I was hired to catch him and bring him in. I don't have him."  "Where is he?" Ashton asks, Chetney puts down another fifteen. Asking to know who hired her, or where she took Gurge. A request that's quickly shot down. Pushing his way to the front. Orym puts down a hundred gold. Locking eyes with the hooded figure, and after a moment she grins. "Show me what you got." Orym puts down more money. Earning him a nod, though she doesn't out down her crossbow.  "My client was Vali Dertrana, Vali's the business commissioner of the mirror spires on the core spire. Works at the Moon tower. When a client's shifty with the details, it could get me killed. I have no loyalty." Artana explains and everyone pauses,  "Obviously we were never here. But just for future reference, if we were ever in need of your skills. How much would it cost us?" Orym questions,  "Depends on what you need." Artana answers and Orym sighs,  "For Gurge?"   "Knowing what I know now? Eight gs." Artana snorts, Ashton nearly chokes. The others go fish eyed.   "Not a typical mark that one and if you're looking for him. Best be careful." Orym nods in agreement to Artana. Asking if that extra hundred was worth any tips.   "I don't deal with that kind often. Only once before, just don't get bitten." Artana's words cause dread to drop in their stomachs. Turns out Shulkyr was on the mark then.  "Ok." Orym breathes and glances back, "Gang are we good?"  "It looks like you work with your hands. I respect it." Chetney comments as he starts to sneak away. Pausing on the stairs when he finds an eavesdropping figure in his way. Green eyes drop and glare at the spot. Shifting to let the gnome sneak past them. Chetney wisely decides not to bother them.   "Dorian you got anything you wanna ask buddy?" Ashton prompts the other genasi who swallows,  "If she's not going to shoot me. Is that fair?" Dorian looks at the figure who simply makes a movement with her head,  "Have you heard about a large bounty? Twenty thousand. On a security detail that went wrong? Something perhaps put out by the Treshi Family?" Dorian asks and everyone shifts,  "Yea. You do match a certain description that came across my path." Artana confirms and Dorian swears,  "Does it uh- Does it seem like a popular bounty in the bounty hunting community?" He pries and she leans in. Slowly looking him over from head to toe.  "Real familiar description." She states and Dorian turns pale.   "Oh, hi." He snorts, "Noo." Dorian rubs his arm stepping back,  "We wouldn't be asking if that was the thing, that would be some crazy shit." Ashton presses,  "Stranger things have happened, meal tickets walking into my lap." Artana states keeping her weapon on Dorian, "We all have family right?" Dorian asks and it gives her pause, "And we all want to protect our family. I have nine friends here that I consider family." Dorian breathes,  "Yeah, it would be pretty brazen for a mark familiar with their own bounty to walk in here for me. If you say family- I take it you're related to this mark?" Artana tilts her head and Dorian nervously chuckles,  "I wouldn't say family- distantly related." He clears his throat and she slowly nods,  "You tell your friend- sorry, your family to get the hell out of town real quick. I'm not the only hunter on the loose. I don't know, this is the first lead I've got. If he's still here."  "It wouldn't pan out the way you think. We appreciate your candor."   "Alright then. Hope we don't meet again." Artana nods and Ashton mimics her. Starting to herd everyone upstairs.  "The pleasure wouldn't be mine." Ashton comments, Dorian freezes when he nearly runs into a figure in the stairway. Jumping and almost shouting. Until their hand slaps over his mouth. Shulkyr shakes their head. Soundlessly ushering a startled Dorian upstairs. Orym follows though he doesn't go to shout. Just noting Shulkyr wide eyes and tense stance. Orym nods and races up after Dorian.   "You should enjoy the meal sometime." Ashton grunts, heading upstairs. Tensing for a moment before they recognize Shulkyr.   They lock eyes and Ashton can see something in there. "Chetney or Dorian?"   Shulkyr lifts two fingers and Ashton snorts. Gently pushing Shulkyr to get them ahead of him. Once Shulkyr walks into the kitchen. Ashton falls in step behind them. Closing the door and letting Orym push the cart back in front of it.   "Sorry, why were you looming in the stairway?" Dorian hisses, stopping when he gets a look at the drow in the light. They've gone pale and even Dorian can see the slight shake.   "Not fucking here. K? We sort out all this shit back at our place. Not here. Come on." There's a slight push to the small of Shulkyr's back. They nod and the group starts to leave. Shulkyr not telling them that Preio saw them enter.~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  We duck out of the kitchen and I'm shaking. One hand crossed me and clamped on my hip. The other on my arm as I just focus on my breathing. Dorian is pushed to the side by Pretty. "Move aside, shift gotta finish!"  "Saved your meal Pretty!" I tell and hear the ogre rumble,  "Thank you!" Their eyes pin on me and I shrug. We all return to the table. Dropping beside Laudna and pressing into her side. Letting the others decide what to do. The trio reveal they actually have to go on a date with Pretty. Which apparently happened after I left. Orym shares what their group discovered. Chetney piping up and getting an elbow from Ashton.   That sparks a bit of satisfaction in me. "Are you alright? You both look very distracted?" Laudna waves at Dorian and I,  "I thought we had the drop on them. Turns out they had the drop on us." Dorian mumbles rubbing his neck,  "We walked right into it." Orym confirms grimly,   "Explains why Preio just let Shulk just walk into the kitchen." Fearne hums which makes Ashton, Dorian, and Orym all spin to look at me.  "What?!"   "Heard Dorian yelp, came in after hearing Chetney." My mumbling causes their faces to twist. I just tap my ear and flick it. Which seems to satisfy some of them.   "Seriously? Why don't we just have you eavesdrop all the time then?" Chetney complains and I shake my head,  "I know your sounds. Somewhat. I know Fearne's walk, and Ashton's. Ashton's has a gap in their steps and they're right heavy. I know the sound of Dorian's- yelp, I guess. Things like that. I can hear them and just kind of know. It's more a gut instinct than the fact I actually heard you." My explanation earns me some nods and Dorian puts a hand on his chest.  "I- You know my yelp? That's what you learned first?" He almost sounds offended and I give a breathy chuckle,  "It's what you do the most." I shake my head and rub my face. Feeling a hand lay over mine. Peeking, I see Laudna patting my hand with a comforting smile.   "Well- I'm sure it won't be long before Shulkyr memorizes all our little quirks then. As attentive as they are." Laudna praises and my nerves calm a bit. Odd how such a frightening woman is so talented at soothing me. Perhaps it's simply something she's mastered being companions with Imogen?   'Considering how comfort is found in even the most wicked of women. I don't find it shocking in the slightest.' Ah, I was wondering why you were quiet. You haven't made a comment in some time.   'Oh? Missing my company already? Here I thought you were making friends.' Snorting, I lean against Laudna. Closing my eyes and just keeping quiet. Letting everyone else sort among themselves. Laudna smells oddly pleasant for a dead woman. She has the scent of death of course, but she also smells of old wood and wet earth.   "Might not be a werewolf." I mumble halfway through, "Could be a weretiger. Or a wererat. Or werebear. Hopefully a wererat, they're one of the weakest, especially when they're on their own."   "Oh so you do kind of know about other cursed people?" Laudna asks, squeezing my hand.  "Barely."  "Wait, didn't you say you've never met another one like you before though?" Dorian pries and I barely open my eyes. Giving him a tired stare.  "So- by the way. They're a werewolf right? I'm just making sure I understand this." Chetney pipes up before I can answer Dorian. Literally pointing at me. Turning my gaze into a glare. I focus on Chetney and snarl at him.   "Ok, let's drop that. We're still in public. Let's talk Gurge." Orym whispers and everyone agrees. Diving back into a discussion about what we should do. I stay leaning on Laudna. It's been so long since I've smelled something so similar to home. It's nice.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  We eventually decide to just head to the moon tower. Scope the place out and then get back to Pretty. So Laudna, Imogen, and Fearne can have their date. I'm still confused about how that happened. The most I've gotten is they hadn't seen us leave the kitchen. So they had to distract Pretty and that's what happened.   We all cough up silver and pile into the car. It trembles and starts along. Fearne, of course, shakes it with a giggle. Making Imogen and I complain. This time, I've latched onto Laudna for comfort. Which turns out to be a good idea. Since it doesn't take long for discussion to start.    "Ok, we're alone in here and these rides are far too long so- shady one. Wanna share what your deal is!?" Chetney turns his attention to me. If I weren't so terrified of heights. I would punt the gnome out the window. Why is the smelly old man standing next to Dorian? Annoyed, I take a deep breath and push off of Laudna.   "I'm a werewolf, Chetney." I deadpan and he stares,  "Oh shit." He goes quiet again and I raise my brows, "Did you bite Gurge?"  I roll my eyes and everyone yells. 'Why would he think that?!' 'Shulkyr would never!' 'They didn't even know who Gurge was!'   "No Chetney, I didn't bite Gurge. I've never bitten anyone."  "I mean- you bit a warden. Oh, oh my gods you bit a warden!" Imogen starts panicking and I wince,  "It's fine Imogen, I can't- I have a dry bite." Imogen makes a face and tilts her head,  "Dry bite? What's a dry bite?" Awkwardly shuffling, I drop my head back,  "Dry bite. Lycanthropy is transferred through bodily fluids. Usually saliva, dry bite just means it's basically impossible for my bite to actually infect anyone." I explain and that earns me some looks.  "Uh Shulk, I'd hate to tell you this, but you have saliva." Making a face, I wince at Ashton's words.  "I don't- Just- just give me your hand." I hold one out and they all stare at me. Eventually Fearne offers her hand. Dropping my head back I sigh. Opening my mouth. Letting the satyr put her hand in. She pauses and makes a face.  "Your mouth is dry." She states sounding fascinated,  "I mean maybe they just haven't had a drink?" Orym asks and Fearne shakes her head. Feeling around my mouth and poking my fangs. Careful, I'm also a drow. I have two sets of those and they're sharper than they look. I should know, I keep nicking myself with them.  "No, no I mean. It's completely dry. They really don't have any in there." She giggles pulling her hand back,  "What? But how?" Ashton makes a face and I massage my jaw. Feeling it ache from being hung open.   "I- There are glands that produce saliva in your mouth." I start explaining and they all just stare.  "Are yours broken?" Imogen asks and I shake my head,  "No, mine were taken out." Silence follows as everyone absorbs that.   "Excuse me, could you repeat that?" Grass prods and I swallow, deciding to take a drink.   "Mine were removed. Surgically. When I was very young. So I don't produce saliva, I haven't in several centuries." My explanation earns some looks and more silence,  "Did you- did you want them removed?" Dorian asks and I glance at him. That procedure flashing in my mind. There's whimpering in the back of my mind. Rubbing my throat, I huff and puff.   "No. I didn't have a choice in the matter." Dorian makes a face at that. I'm shifting from foot to foot, and more uncomfortable than I've been in a while. Silence weighs heavy on everyone until the ride ends. We exit the car and silently walk to the Mirror Towers.   They're a gorgeous set of buildings. If it weren't my headache thanks to the daylight. I might even enjoy admiring them. Imogen parts from us to see what she can dig up. While Orym asks a passing woman. Leaving everyone else little to do. So I find myself leaning against Ashton.  "So. Dry bite, good to know." Ashton lets me lean on their good shoulder and I hum,  "Yeah, wererats have natural dry bites. Because their teeth aren't in their mouths. That's why I'm hoping Gurge is one." I whisper back and Ashton nods their head. With a half interested 'huh'.   "Guess I'm not the only one who forgets about their last interactions with people huh Birdie?" Ashton mocks and my eyes roll back.   "I didn't catch her name when she shot me. Sorry to disappoint, gemstone." Ashton lets out some of that cawing laughter in response. It sounds nice hearing one of them laugh. It hasn't even been that long since they've laughed. Yet it feels like it has been.   "You got away though, nice." Ashton praises and I chuckle,  "Fucking barely." Before we can carry on with our half-hearted yet semi-serious banter. Imogen and Orym return to us. Explaining what they discovered. Everyone decides Lord Esterhross would be our best bet to get in. That at least is on this Spire. So we don't have to take the cable car again.   'Shulkyr?' Imogen calls to me mentally and I hum. Letting her know I'm listening.   'You seem really tired, is this because you transformed?' Imogen prods as I follow along.  'Yeah, it's why I sleep in like I'm hung over if I can help it. One tires me out, two is painful and I can barely move, and if I transform a third time. I'm fucked.' I hear Imogen gasp in response to my words. Glancing, I see her giving me a look. It's some mix of horror and pity. That gets Laudna's attention and the girls whisper. Tuning them out, I keep walking. Sticking to anyone's side so I can follow their stride. By the time I've fallen to the back of the group. My wobbling must become noticable. Because Dorian puts a hand on my arm.   "Need a hand?" Nodding, I throw an arm around Dorian's shoulders. Letting him wrap an arm around me. It's a much welcome aid.  "I could just carry you Birdie." Ashton snorts and I smirk,  "Mhmm, ribs too sore for that shit." They laugh and Dorian chuckles,  "I could princess carry you. We still have a bit of a walk." Dorian offers and I sigh,  "That sounds nice." That's all it takes for Dorian to slow. Until we stop and I pull away from him. The air genasi easily lifts me off my feet. It's surprising, Dorian doesn't look like he would have the strength. Yet I'm pleasantly surprised. Resting against the genasi, I close my eyes. Enjoying the chance to rest. ~•~  "Shulk, Shulkyr~" I'm gently shaken awake and I snort. Feeling a bit better yet heavy with the fog of sleep. Gently pushing myself up on my elbows. I see the person gently waking me is Fearne. She smiles and gives me a wave.  "You passed out on the way here. We didn't want to wake you so Esterhross let us put you down for a bit." She explains and I nod seeing we are in Eshteross manor. There's the clatter of porcelain and Evelyn appears. Holding a cup of steaming tea with a smile.  "Here, it's some flavored green tea. It'll get some energy in you." Sitting up I take the cup with a sleepy thank you. She nods and Fearne giggles.  "I think she likes you."   "I'm flattered." I mumble and Fearne hums. Offering me a weird brown lump.   "This isn't from Mister I hope." I tease sipping my tea. It does taste very nice. My teasing also gets the monkey to appear. Making some curious noises and leaping onto the couch with me. Letting me scratch between his ears for a moment.  "Oh no, Esterhross made some cookies. I snatched one for you. It seemed like something you'd like." Fearne explains and I nod accepting the treat. Taking a bite and enjoying the taste.   "Hey Shulk, just out of curiosity. How do you taste things?" Fearne asks and I tilt my head,  "Drinking before I eat helps, and It's not like I can't taste. Things just don't taste as strong for me." I can taste this cookie just fine. Especially with the tea. It's actually a really good combination.   "Ok, another question." Humming I raise a brow. Where is she going with all this?  "You said the curse transfers through bodily fluids right?"  "Right."  "Which is usually saliva, yeah?"  "Yeah. Fearne, where is this going?"  "Where is what going?" Laudna pops in and everyone walks into the hall with us. Apparently done talking to Eshteross.   "I'm just asking Shulk some things."  "Oh what things?" Orym pries and the fawn turns back to me. Smiling and resting on her hands.  "So say you did have saliva."   "Ok?" I take another sip as Fearne hums,  "If you did have saliva, and we made out. Would that turn me into a werewolf?" Hot tea is not a pleasant thing to choke on. Especially when I spit the scolding drink all over myself and a flaming Mister. Who screams and leaps back on to his Master's shoulder.   "Fearne?!" "What the fuck?!" Everyone is yelling and laughing in shock. Gaping, I stare at the fawn. How the fuck do I respond to that?!  'I believe the appropriate response would be to ask if she'd like to find out.' The voice teases and I flush. I don't even have saliva for that line to work. I'd hate it if that line worked. Especially since it came from you! 
    'Doesn't have to be saliva. Just any fluid. Also I take offense, pup.' 
  "Ok, topic change. Things got weird quickly." I cough getting off the couch and to my feet.   "Where are we going? What'd I miss?" Fearne pouts at me as the others nod,  "Fair enough. We're going back to the Moon tower and then the girls are going on a date. With that ogre from before." Grass explains and I nod along,  "Ok, yeah let's go. Come on." Putting the cup down, I finish my cookie. Between Fearne and the tea. I certainly feel more awake than I had been. Everyone is cackling behind me and asking Fearne what the fuck was she thinking.   Embarrassed, I remain ahead of everyone. Unable to look back thanks to the heat in my cheeks.
    'Hilarious how bashful you are for someone twice divorced.' 
  "Oh fuck off!"~•~  It's not a long walk to return to the towers. Especially with everyone having to almost race after me. Once I reach the gate I pause. Waiting for the rest to catch back up. Letting them all catch their breath before we carry on.  Imogen takes the lead again. Approaching the guards with a letter. Probably from Eshteross, one guard leaves to verify it. Leaving the other to our over curious group. Who each gives a question, and another, and another. The guard gives clipped one or three word answers. It's far more amusing than it should be. When the dragonborn returns he agrees to just let us inside.   Everyone is quietly chattering, relieved. I sniff when I notice a faint mist start appearing at our feet. Turning back I see clouds gathering. Even this high on a spire. It must be a storm, what are storms like on the spire? I end up staring at the mass of grey. Will it make everything shake? Could the Spires just crumble from under our feet? Send us plummeting into the jungles below?  'Your fear is making you delirious. Breathe pup, you're being left behind.' The mask scolds as faint rain starts to drop. Making me flinch and whine.   "Shulkyr? Are you alright? You seem distressed." Grass rolls over to me and I shake,  "I've just not experienced a storm here yet. It's a- It's unsettling." Before I can stammer much more. I feel the robot take my hand.  "Oh, don't you worry, storms here don't tend to last very long! If it makes you feel better. We can go inside one of the spires after this. For now let's not soak out in the rain. Wouldn't want you catching a cold!" The robot sings before leading me inside after the rest.   "I usually like storms. Wildmount is always pouring. It's just being up here." We head inside, finding Imogen speaking to an elf. Before I can approach her and ask what's up. We hear a crack of lighting and look. Seeing Fearne stumbling back from a bookcase. Ashton heads over to her and picks up the fawn. Putting her off to the side.   Ashton would be able to tell me about the storms wouldn't they? The elf returns and is sputtering something about someone being busy. Honestly, I'm not paying much attention at the moment. Which leads to a lot of stammering and talking over each other.   "Mrs. Shulkyr, have you been around a place with so many books before?" The robot asks and I shake my head. Admiring the many books.   "No, my mother had a library, but I was never allowed in it." I breathe admiring the numbered spines. Curiosity nips at me, though I think better of touching them. Hearing a cry as more screaming happens. It feels like no one has taken note of me oddly enough. I just hear Fearne asking how the dark elf touches the books.  "That is a good question." I watch him jump and spin,  "When did you get here?!" He screeches and I flick an ear,  "I've been here, I just haven't said anything yet." My undercommon feels foreign in my tongue. It's been so long since I've spoken it to anyone.  "Ah, well if you are with them I really do need you to go." He replies back in the same tongue and I shrug,  "I intend to-" Turning to the group, I swap back to common, "-Imogen do you have anything else you need to do? Something to leave or-?" She perks up and turns to the other drow.  "Oh, right. Right! This letter can you leave it in his office since I'm worried he'll miss it if it's just left under the door." The man sighs and takes the letter. Before ushering us out the door. I help him along with the more troublesome members. Letting him lock the door behind us.   "I assume we're up to something?" I whisper to Imogen who nods,  "Chetney is still in there." She whispers back and I nod. Honestly, everything I missed in thirty seconds, It's baffling. I leave Imogen to chat with Chetney. Going to check over our two friends who got electrocuted.   "Fearne, your hair." It's puffed up from the shock and she reaches up. We're being pelted by rain at this point.   "Oh is it that bad?" Shaking my head, I gesture for the fawn to kneel. She does and I gently begin to work on her frayed locks.   "Thank you Shulk, this is very nice." Humming, I decide to return the favor. Taking the chain she gifted me from my hair. Carefully braiding it into her hair.   "Happy to help, you do have a date in a bit." Little Mister chooses now to pop out of the fawn's hair. Racing up my arm and to my shoulder. My eyes flick to Imogen. The only indication as to what's going on. Her expression twisting as she talks to Chetney. What is going on in there?  "If things go south, I can always break into the tower." I whisper and she spins on me. Biting her bottom lip and twirling her hair.  "Chetney found some things including a hidden room, but the connection cut off." She starts pacing and there's a crack of thunder and lighting. The rain starts to really beat down on us. Shuffling, I focus on steadying my stance. Removing my hands from Fearne's hair.   "Hey Shulk?" Laudna sings and I give her my attention,  "Is everything alright? Is it your throat? Do you need to drink?" She pries and I shake my head,  "Not as of the moment. It only bothers me after a while and when I wake up. This storm is just-"   "Don't like them?" Ashton prods and I shake my head,  "No, like I told grass. Storms are everywhere back home. It reminds me of home. It's just- The Spires." I hiss and keep shifting on my feet.  "They won't drop from under you." Dorian pipes up and we lock eyes, "These mountains have stood for thousands of years most likely. One measly storm isn't going to topple them. Even if they did- we'd go down together." He gives me a small smile and I return it. How oddly reassuring.  "Shulkyr." I turn my attention to Fearne who is looking up at me, "I didn't mean to make you run away. You know that right? I was just really curious." The fawn pokes her fingers together. Looking more than a little rejected. Ah, this.   "I know. You just startled me." Reaching down, I gently grab her ear and rub the tip. She jumps and makes a face. Before giggling and practically melting into me.   "Speaking of, You ran like a teenager. Are you like Laudna and Imogen?" Dorian pries with a chuckle as the two women spin on him. Asking what in the world that means. After giving him a hard time. All eyes turn back on me expectantly.  "No, I'm actually twice divorced." Everyone stares, their jaws dropping.   "You- you're twice divorced? From who, why?" Imogen sputters and before I can answer. There's a loud crash followed by the shattering of glass and yelling. Everyone's attention snaps towards the tower. All warmth and jokes drain from the situation. Growling, I go for my weapon as I hear chuckling in my ear.
    'There goes the night, ay pup?' 

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  

    Everyone rushes to where we heard the shattering glass. Seeing a figure darting through the rain. Disappearing between hedges as they shout chasing after someone.

    "Imogen what's happening?" I call out to the sorceress who panics,

    "I don't have a connection, Laudna! Laudna can you message Chetney?" Imogen urges as we hear a shout. Ashton throws on a hood and starts walking. I join their side as we start making it that way. 

    "Things went south. You gonna wolf up, Birdie?" Ashton teases and I just catch their smirk,

    "You say it like I can control it, gemstone. But I can do this." As we start to get in range. I hear a shout and quirk a brow. What are they all doing? 

    Quickly flicking my wrist, I nick my finger. Summoning talons at the man's ankles. When he stumbles they claw at him. Tripping the man and sending him plummeting into the floor. Ashton snorts and barely holds back their laughter. When we approach the rest. Ashton takes the lead in talking.

    "Hey weird dude, you alright?" Ashton stuffs their hands in their pockets. Tilting their head and looking down at the pale man. 

    "I- I am fine! Did you hear that?!" He's looking around frantically and screams. Looking back, I see a frightening looking Laudna. Floating. Three feet into the air. Limp and unmoving as she goes. Coming in this general direction. 

    "Huh. Shadows, very terrifying." I deadpan and Ashton chokes,

    "Are you mocking me?" The man shouts and I start walking with Ashton,

    "Maybe." The genasi jokes as we carry on. Letting them carry on with- whatever the fuck they are doing. Because it's clearly working. Ashton and I reach the front gate. Waiting for the rest to reach us. It takes some time and they do eventually join us. 

    "Congratulations, you all successfully convinced the guards this place is haunted." I praise them and they all fluster. 

    Everyone chats and asks Chetney what he found. Leading to him revealing that he found a bunch of things. Several platinum, a trade map, a notebook, and he overheard two people talking. The names Ira and Nightmare King get thrown around. Fearne saying the latter is basically a fey boogie man. 

    "Reminds me of stories of the Spider Queen." I comment which earns me some questions,

    "The cruel mistress likes to test her children. Putting drow through 'trials' whenever the mood strikes her. Like spawning hundreds of venomous spiders in your lungs, and having them crawl out of your mouth. If you harm any of them. The goddess kills you instantly." I elaborate and by then Dorian and Imogen look like they're going to puke. Ashton shivers with morbid enjoyment, and Laudna is fawning over the gruesome description. Chetney has latched onto Orym. Fearne tries to pry for more of these 'trials' and stories of the Spider Queen's cruelty. Chuckling, I shake my head at them.

    "Maybe another time. Aren't you supposed to be going on a date? It's getting dark." My comment and mention of Pretty causes a frenzy. 

    They do have a date with the ogre. All the girls start messing with their hair. Wondering if they look good enough. Everyone else explains they have their own things to do while they go on their date. Ashton insists they have a lead to follow, but they have to do it alone. Orym, Dorian, and Chetney want to stay behind to watch the tower. Grass decides to join the girls. Just to witness what a date would be like. The sending stones get given out. Dorian taking one and Imogen the other. By the end of it, I'm the odd man out. Having nothing to do in particular.

    "What will you be doing, Shulk? You can join us. I'm sure Pretty would love you." Fearne fawns and I shake my head.

    "I am far too tired. Besides, I have a project to work on."

    "Oh, do you also have something to do on your own?" F.C.G. blinks up to me and I shrug,

    "Kind of- it's not productive really it's just- getting back into an old hobby." That catches everyone's interest. They question what I'll be up to as we head to the cable car. I quickly dodge their prying and jeering. Even as it puts a small smile on my face. It would ruin the surprise if I answered them. Imogen even tries to dip into my mind. But I easily wave her will away from mine.

    "By the way, are we meeting up at the Spire by Fire?" Everyone jumps and is quick to agree. I promise that's where I'll be and end up walking off with Ashton. Apparently they and I are heading in the same direction. 

    "Well- this got real fucking awkward." Ashton jokes and I grin at them, 

    "Guess so. The car you need a level down?" 

    "Yeah." Ashton and I just walk and I hear some chittering. Looking down, I see Mister has decided to stick with me for now. He's also reaching for a- flower pot hanging from Ashton's hip.

    "Did you steal Fearne's flower Ashton?" 

    "She took my chain, we're even." We're reaching the Spire by Fire by now. Pausing, I put a hand on their arm.

    "Hey."

    "Yup?" It's tense for a moment as I remove the mask from my hip. 

    "If you get into trouble." They reach for the mask that flares in my hand. Zapping me with arcane lightning and I wince. Snarling fills my head and blood starts to drip from my hand.

    "It's just for the night. I just want you to take care of them. That's not so much to ask for is it, Thel'ador?" It's been some time since I've said the souls name out loud. The mask stops and the snarling quiets. 

    "That's real fucking weird Birdie." 

    "I know, just play nice with him. Throw the mask on if things go south. He'll take care of you. Even if he grumbles about it." Ashton takes the mask and I watch them put it on their hip. Ashton's eyes flick from the mask to me and they nod. 

    "Right, I'll bring it back before morning Birdie. Don't worry about it." Nodding, I can't help feeling light headed. The distance between myself and the mask already affecting me. My eyes flutter, growing heavy and I pat their arm.

    "See you in a bit, Gemstone."

    "See you Birdie." We part ways and I head inside the inn. Feeling a bit better that Thel'ador is with them. Heading up to Ishir, I pay for a room. Buying rooms for everyone else. For whenever they do come back.

    Heading to my room, I stumble as my limbs threaten to give out. Mister chitters and is crawling on my shoulders. Reaching up I pet the monkey. Kneeling beside the fireplace, I slowly get out my things. 

    "Hey Mister, can you start a fire for me?" The spirit leaps off my shoulder. Bounding up to the empty spot and setting it ablaze. Spitting out a small cone of flame into the kindling. Lighting the fireplace up with a roaring flame. 

    "Thank you Mister." I praise the monkey who cheers. Reaching into my things I pull out some treats. They've gone a bit off now. I'll have to buy more for when my boss comes. Still little Mister happily enjoys it when I give him a tart. 

    Letting the monkey inhale the food. I return to working on my previous project. The emerald and white glass clinks as I pick them out from my satchel. Let's see how far I can actually get before I lose myself without the mask. It never lasts for very long. Being alone. Unable to hear or feel the presence of the other soul pressing against my own. At least I have something to do, and little Mister to keep me company.

  ~•~

  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  

    Imogen, Laudna, and Fearne all enjoy their date with Pretty. F.C.G. watching from the side lines. Even as they grow insanely bored. While Ashton heads to the Lucent Spire. Fiddling with the mask at their hip. Getting in a cable car by themself. 

    They take the mask off and look it over. Getting their first real look at it. They had considered nicking it off Shulkyr before, but thought better of it. Since the drow hasn't shown of fondness for that kind of thing like Fearne has. It's a dark gray mask, looking like some kind of darkened steel. Though it has silver decorations lining it. The corners resemble flowers Ashton couldn't name if they tried, and what looks like spider webs decorating where the eyes would be. The center has some unknown sigil that seems to be in the center of the webs. Crafted from an unknown purple gem.

    They've kind of always known the mask is off. They had assumed it was magic. But they had never figured it had a name. Maybe they shouldn't be surprised. Shulkyr did name their weapon, Raven's Kiss. They still can't get over how childish and almost cute that name is. Like they named it as a child. Trying to be some kind of badass. 

    "Thel'ador, that undercommon or some shit? I know Shulkyr didn't fucking name you." The mask heats up in their grasp,

    'Oh, if only you understood the irony of that.' The voice startles the genasi. Who spits several curses. They shout, they should get used to voices in their head. Imogen fucking does it all the time.

    'You shouldn't genasi, this is not happening again. I don't take being removed from my pup, kindly.' The mask hisses into their mind. Taking a slash that shoots a migraine through their head. Ashton groans and glares. Putting the mask away.

    "Right, Fuck. I don't plan on using you, ya weird talking mask. Shulkyr's just being a worrier. I'll be fine." The genasi grumbles back as they finish their ride to the other spire. Where they walk through the streets. Heading to a black and green mansion. Passing through the gate and up the steps unhindered. Before knocking on the door and breathing through their mouth. Trying to steady themself. 

    "Nobody's here." Ashton announces and after a moment. The door opens revealing an elderly elven woman. The woman let's the genasi inside after a quick greeting. The mask thrums with power as a reminder of its presence. Which Ashton notices even while they refuse to talk to it.

    While Ashton faces down their demons with an unwilling guardian. The girls are turned down. Very lovingly and gently by Pretty. Leading the trio to tears as they start their own trek back to the Spire by Fire. The tower trio hides as a group passes them. Whispering about moving the office in the morning. Which leads them to discussing what to do. Considering breaking in just the three of them. Before deciding it would be a bad idea. Agreeing to head back to the Spire by Fire. Wanting to know what everyone else thinks they should do first. 

  ~•~

    Ashton is still standing there. Two massive statues watching their every move. While the elven woman tells Ashton about a potential job. They shuffle on their feet and keep their gaze down. Knowing better than to look their matron in the eyes. They traded all their information. Not revealing anything about Dorian and his brother. Since that could only make things turn sour.

    Their hand brushes back and forth over the mask. While they don't plan to use it, and they sure don't like the talking piece of shit. They like the symbol of care from the drow. They know it means something. 

    Hexum seems to dismiss Ashton. Who nods and starts to leave as told. Barely holding in their sigh of relief.

    "One last thing." The genasi stops and lifts their gaze with a hum,

    "Where did you get that mask?" Their blood goes cold and they swallow,

    "One of my crew gave it to me. Good luck charm." Ashton doesn't want to talk too much about Shulkyr. They were a cop that worked for a pirate captain. They pissed off Voe. Who knows if Shulkyr met and forgot Hexum.

    "Then I suggest being weary of them." The old woman hums and Ashton makes a face, "That mask is dripping with necromancy. Now get it out of my home." The woman waves the genasi out. They're quick to leave as they're told. Heading back to the Spire by Fire. Necromancy? What is Shulkyr doing with undead shit?

  
      'Undead isn't entirely accurate. You're not the only one with contracts.'
  

    "I don't fucking like you."

  
      'Trust me Pyrite, the feeling is mutual.' 
  

  ~•~

    When everyone gathers back to the Spire by Fire. They go to Ishir who happily hands them keys. Informing them Shulkyr bought everyone rooms. Ashton decides they're going to go grab Shulkyr. Encouraging everyone to buy drinks for when they all settle down. Everyone else finds a table and Ashton finds Shulkyr. They find the door unlocked and are about to call for the drow. Pausing when they see the hunter.

    They've slumped against the wall, completely limp. The little fire spirit curled up on their leg. Ashton panics for a moment. Nearly racing over to the drow. Except on one heavy step Shulkyr shivers and snorts. Revealing they're not hurt this time. No, they've just fallen asleep. 

    "Oh fuck's sake." Ashton sighs and just walks over. Taking a look at what Shulkyr was up to. They're lying in front of a fire. Various tools and vessels scattered about. One thing catches the genasi's eye. They kneel and see what is glittering in the firelight. 

    'Ah, so they finally finished one. The halfling's gift.' The mask hums and Ashton nearly leaps. Fuck, they had nearly forgotten. It gets weird when they're quiet for a while. Ashton decides to move the tiny, fragile piece out of the way. Not wanting it to get stomped on by a drowsy drow or anyone else. 

    "Hey, Shulk." Ashton quietly whistles as they try and gently shake the hunter awake, "Birdie. I'm back." 

    "Mmhm'five more minutes." They mumble and Ashton snorts. Hearing the monkey start to wake up. It screams upon noticing Ashton and leaps up onto Shulkyr's shoulder.

    "We're probably gonna do crimes in a minute. So we need you up. Plus the girls wanna talk about their date." Ashton eventually manages to rouse Shulkyr. Who grumbles and takes in Ashton. The genasi jumps when Shulkyr cups their chin. Turning their head and giving them a sleepy once over. The genasi snorts at that.

    "I'm fine, Shulk. Take your damn mask back. It's been insulting me for the last hour." Ashton jokes and Shulkyr lets out a choked laugh,

    "You think he treats me any better?" The drow croaks and makes a face. Grappling blindly for their hip flask. Taking a deep swig of the cider. Letting the drink lubricate their throat. Easing the burn while Ashton laughs. 

    Shulkyr still takes the mask back. Earning snark from the spirit inside. But their mind is still too hazed over to register anything but how exhausted they feel, and they're relief at Ashton being alright. The drow's gaze slowly goes over their mess and they sigh. "Fuck, why is making things hard?" 

    "Cause making shit requires talent and luck and skill and patience and a bunch of other shit. What were you making anyways?"

    "Who knows. I was just fucking around and seeing if I just kind of- made something decent." Shulkyr admits while cleaning up. Putting things aside. In case they come back and can't sleep. It would give them something to do. Ashton helps them up and they return to the rest. 

    "By the way, the mask is an asshole." Ashton jokes as they re-enter the tavern. Stopping by Ishir to get more cider for Shulkyr.

    "Yeah he is. Sorry about that." They join the rest at their table. Shulkyr's spiritual companion back on their hip. With Little Mister leaping back to Fearne. Earning him kisses and cooing. Some of them perk up seeing the drow. They yawn and the others ask if they bothered them. Which earns them a shake of the head. 

    "No, I fell asleep while tinkering. Speaking of- Little Mister was very helpful." Another pastry is pulled out by the drow. Who lets the fire spirit snatch it. Devouring the cream puff and getting Fearne to laugh.

    "Oh, did you help Shulkyr? My good little boy." Fearne cooes and they just watch. Shulkyr does enjoy the fire spirit. Even if he could be more sanitary. 

    "So how did everything go?" Shulkyr asks and just patiently listens to them. Being particularly attentive when the girls talk about being rejected by Pretty. Especially when they note how Fearne seems genuinely upset with that. Dorian's teasing really doesn't help the pouting fawn. So reaching over Shulkyr pats the satyr's shoulder.

    "I do think it's better. Pretty may be a good friend, but I don't imagine he would have been a long term match for you, Fearne." 

    "Oh!" Laudna claps her hands as Fearne smiles at me, "Speaking of relationships. Shulkyr, I believe you mentioned being twice divorced. What the fuck is up with that?" Laudna asks, leaning onto the table and beaming at Shulkyr. Everyone bursts into laughter at the question. 

    "Are we playing What The Fuck is Up With That? Shit, should I buy a bottle? I'm buying a bottle." Ashton declares getting Ishir to come over. Paying for a bottle and some glasses. Which the lion man is happy to hand over to us. Shulkyr just gets their refilled flask at the ready. It may not be liquor, but they will be happy to play by rules as if it were. 

    "Ok, so we starting with this?" Ashton gives Shulkyr a look and they shrug,

    "Yeah, I don't mind." 

    "Sweet, so your exs, what the fuck is up with that?" Ashton pries and Shulkyr shrugs,

    The drow hums and has to think about it. Before they decide what they should and shouldn't share. "Alright, so obviously, I'm twice divorced. The stories aren't that interesting, but they are fairly odd." That causes everyone to lean in towards the drow. Curiosity buzzing around each of them. Waiting for the story inpatient and wide eyed.

  ~•~

  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  

    "I guess I'll start with my original husband?" I'm not really sure what to say. They're not particularly interesting. At least, not my former marriage partners. 

    "Oh it was man?" I nod to Fearne's question,

    "Yeah, he uh- fuck his name was something like Veric?" That causes some silence and I look around. Seeing they all seem surprised.

    "Wait, you don't know your first husband's name?" Imogen seems baffled and I make a face,

    "No, I do It's- Look, we had an arranged marriage. I was still a kid, he was still a kid. We didn't even meet until the day we got married. We didn't hate each other, but we didn't like each other. We were indifferent and just kind of- there was a solidarity between us." 

    "I don't mean to disrespect your marriage, but that sounds miserable." Dorian shakes his head and I nod,

    "I mean it was. We both had relationships on the side. We sat together during events and whenever we needed to. Our relationship ended in a pretty entertaining way at least."

    "Oh?"

    "Did you poison him?" Fearne asks,

    "Run away with your lover Romeo and Juliet style?" Laudna follows up,

    "Did he leave you?" Imogen asks, 

    "You break up and marry someone richer cause your folks said so?" Ashton tosses in their thought and several more versions are tossed around. Looking around, I can't help smirking. So close and yet so far away. It's comedic.

    "Uh no, no, he couldn't have we're drow a man can't decide things, and no. I faked my death." 

    "YoU WhAT!?" All jaws drop and they stare at me. Shrugging, I just give them a sheepish smile.

    "We got sick of it and mutually agreed we wanted out. He's well- he was a man and my den was very traditional. Men are less than slaves back home. He couldn't decide to leave me. The den wouldn't accept it."

    "Your family sounds like assholes." Chetney pops up and I nod,

    "They are. Anyways, Considering my own position in the den no one would respect me leaving him either. So the best out we saw was faking a death. Thing is- my half sister had her eyes on him. He was returning it. So he wanted to stay in the den. I wanted out. So I was the one to go. Made a deal with a necromancer to teach me some death magic. Used false life and faked being poisoned. He got my body out and I woke up in a grave. Dug myself out and fucked off. Never went home, never heard from home, didn't want to." My story closes and I take another drink. Everyone sits there, just taking it all in. 

    'Oh that was a fun night. I distinctly remember a poisoned liquor and a close encounter with a shambling mound.' Thel'ador snarks and I drop a glare at the mask. Why do you always bring up the worst things? That was a good night for the both of us. 

    "Wait, so you didn't officially divorce him then?" My gaze flicks back up to Chetney. Who seems to be the first to pipe up.

    "I suppose not?" Quirking a brow at the gnome. I wait to see where he's going with this,

    "So you're technically still married to this guy."

    "I guess?" After faking my death. I never really considered it. That chapter of my life just closed. I never considered my den and ex husband again.

    "Fuck, now I'm really curious about what happened with ex number two." Ashton mumbles and takes a shot. My blood goes a bit cold thinking about that one. Swallowing, I take another drink. 

    "Sorry, that one is going to take some actual liquor in my system." That earns me some looks as I hear a rumble in my head.

    "That bad?" Orym asks giving me a gentle look and I give him a weak smile,

    "I'm not proud of that one." 

    'No one in their right mind would be. Even I wouldn't fall that far.' The spirit isn't mocking per se. But the disappointment is so potent I can almost taste it. I hate it.

    "Is that one before or after your boss?" Fearne presses and I sip,

    "Before, but not by very much." She gasps and seems excited by that for some reason.

    "Are you still married to that one?" Chetney shouts and I wince,

    "Married? No. Bound? Unfortunately." Topping off my cider, I make a face.

    "Ok, my disaster of a love life aside. Are we breaking back into that tower tonight or what?" Everyone looks around and nods,

    "Yeah. Let's go." Orym takes the lead and we head out. Getting ready to break into the moon tower yet again. Hopefully it won't end with a chase this time. 

  
    Chapter Text
    
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  On our way back to the towers I turned over what everyone shared. Sure, I was mostly focused on the girls at first. But now that I'm left to my thoughts. I can't help getting this nagging feeling about Ashton's story. It's leaving a sour taste in my mouth and my gut is saying something about it is wrong. Speeding up I end up getting to their good side. Leaning in, I start to pry. "So you had your back turned and were sent through a window into your fall?"    Ashton gives a nod, "Yup, it's what happened."   "And you woke up thanks to Milo."  "Yup." The genasi confirms and glances at me,  "Shouldn't you be smug or some shit? You kind of called it." Ashton presses back and I make a noise. It's somewhere between a choked sound and a whine.   "I suppose I just- They left you." I state it and they nod,  "Yup, told you. I would have done the same. Sometimes it's what you have to do in this line of work." Ashton presses as we finally reach the outside of the compound. "Come on, you've had to do it yourself at some point Birdie."   "If you count my husband." I counter feeling a bit upset at their implication. They glance at me and raise a skeptical brow. "Otherwise- Not of my own volition. Preferably, never again. I'd rather go back to that grave in that damned swamp." Before Ashton comments on that. We hear some clanking as a guard approaches us. Imogen and Fearne instantly play drunk. Imogen talking about the ghosts.   They talk to the guard and flatter him. He encourages us to leave. Before turning back to the gate. I watch as a face appears through a hedge. Pale and twisted as the guard freezes in place. The spectre lashes out at the guard and he bolts.   "I can't believe this lie is working as well as it is." I sigh as Orym hops onto the wall. Taking a look and sharing what he sees. Let's hope we can draw some stealth out of us.  "Shit, everyone else go. Give me a second." Orym tosses a rope over and I let everyone else go first. Waiting until Ashton gets on the other side. So they can hold the rope while I go over.   "Fuck Birdie, why are you so damn heavy?" I hit the ground and we tie off the rope. Before ducking down next to the rest.  "Where do you think all that muscle in my wolf form comes from?" I snarl back and they grin.   "Asshole." We're jeering each other before focusing back on the task. Sneaking across one of the paths. While Orym ushers us over I see a light turn the corner. Shit.   Another guard comes uncomfortably close. Waving their lantern over a hedge barely illuminating Orym and Chetney. Tensing up, I stay pressed to the grass. Locking eyes with the others. Who are all silently panicking. It's, presumably, Laudna to the rescue again. When the guard is drawn away by a noise. Then a phantom girl appears. Cloaked in white and hidden by her hair. Until her head snaps up revealing hollow eyes and a missing jaw. The phantom rushes the guard who hits the ground.   "Laudna, you are eerily good at this." I praise and she beams,  "Oh thank you, I've had a lot of practice." We sneak further along and make it to the moon tower. Working together everyone sneaks into the window. Entering the office Chetney escaped from. I'm instantly hit with some odd stench. Snorting, I wince and shiver.  "Shulk?"
    'Be wary pup, something far beyond you is here. That stench. I know that stench.'
  "Who?" I hiss to Thel'ador, but I've lost the spirit. He's reverted to a snarling mess. His aggression is filling my head. Making my form shake and I feel the ache. What-? What is he doing?  "Shulkyr?"   "Oh no, I think we're losing them."  "Birdie, shit, can you do this again?"~•~
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  The party watches their companion's eyes go dark. Their form shakes as they let out a noise. It's a pained one, almost afraid. It's Fearne who approaches them. Recognizing it for what it is.  "Shulkyr, what's scaring you? Is something down there?" Another whimper as Shulkyr backs away into the wall.   "Chetney, are you going down?" Imogen asks and the gnome confirms it. Sneaking down along the path. While Fearne is attempting to soothe the frightened werebeast.   There's a crackle of some arcane lighting. As Chetney hears a ominous humming of a tune he doesn't know. Seeing a tall, spidery pale figure walking around. Who seems to be talking to something beyond their sight. There's a clatter as something in a cage struggles. Earning mocking from the creature.   "What are you up to you sick bastard?" Chetney barely resists calling out to the voice. Recognizing it as the voice of Gurge. Chetney listens to the unnatural figure go on a rant. Wanting to share Gurge's gift with others. The gnome takes a chance to sneak further inside the room. Trying his best to keep an eye on Gurge.   Imogen watches Shulkyr in horror. She's never seen the other actually transform. It's been nothing but horrifying so far. The drow's face has started to stretch. Their jaw snapping to reveal growing fangs. Their arms are growing and their skin is tearing. Twisting into angles that aren't natural to the drow.   "Shhh~ Shulkyr it's ok. We won't let whatever is down there hurt you. I promise." Fearne pets the partly transformed drow's head. Earning whimpering and shaking from them.  "Imogen, what's going on with Chetney? I think Fearne has Shulkyr." Orym whispers and draws his blade. Eyeing the werewolf and then the staircase. He trusts Fearne to know what to do. He can't care for the werewolf like she can. So he focuses on dealing with what's causing the fear. Since that is something he can handle.  "Ok, I- Yeah, hold on. I'll reach out." Imogen reaches out to the gnome's mind. Thankfully the connection is still there.   'Chetney, do we need to come down?' Imogen asks and the gnome jumps. This ghost stuff is getting to him.  'Yeah, you should. I'm watching but you need to be careful. There's a guy down here. Ashen skinned, lanky, spidery, elf ears, makes Laudna look like a model. He's got Gurge and he's in a cage!' Chetney shares and that makes Imogen worry.  "Oh my gods. Guys, Chetney says someone's down there. Someone. Creepy. Probably torturing Gurge. I- Do you think that's what is freaking Shulkyr out?"   "Shit, maybe?" Ashton rubs their neck and Laudna has joined Fearne in soothing Shulkyr.   "Likely, but does Chetney need us?" Dorian presses and Imogen nods. That causes everyone to jump to action. Prepping for a fight before sneaking downstairs.   "Shulk, we're going to take care of everything. You stay up here. We'll be back before you know it. Promise." Laudna pats Shulkyr's head and they all head downstairs. Except for F.C.G. who waits at the top of the staircase. Watching a cowering Shulkyr. Who stumbles and seems to try following the last one down. The robot makes to reassure the whining werewolf. Before hearing something that stops them.  "Don't- Don't go." It's garbled and barely understandable between the whines and pain,  "Don't leave me- alone. Again. I'll do better-" Shulkyr croaks and seems to collapse under their curse. Drawn to the edge of their strength. The transformation taking whatever they had left. F.C.G. rolls over to them. Patting the unconscious hunter's head.  "We aren't leaving you Shulk. I promise. You just rest now and we'll be right back." The robot heard chattering downstairs. The robot is hesitant, but they roll away to the steps. Wanting to help their friends downstairs.   The encounter has turned tense as the figure has acknowledged everyone. Stretched far beyond their frame should be. Chetney has disturbed Ashton by beginning to strip down. Imogen tries to reach into the creature, Ira's, mind. Only to be scolded and harmed. The bookcase that reveals the lab below slams shut. Leaving a trembling drow alone as their eyes snap back open. ~•~  The Nightmare King drops three small blue orbs. They explode upon impact with the ground. Purplish blue energy pressing against the party. They struggle to fight it back. Just as the explosion fades and they shake off the burst of light.   The fey steps long legs back over the table. Which starts to lurch and move. Leading to everyone shouting, "I fucking knew it!" Ashton roars and gets a grip on their hammer.   "Hey Mister, can you run over to our friend there?" Fearne whispers to the wildfire spirit. Who jumps off her shoulders. Racing over towards the cage. Clinging to the wall to try and avoid the dark green stare of the fey being. Turning her attention to their enemies. Her hands start to crackle and she lets out a crooked grin.   She speaks in sylvan lashes out her blackened claw. Causing an explosion of flame to consume the table. While she approaches the figure. Snake staff curling and snapping at them.   "Hmm, who am I not to seize an opportunity?" Ira purrs and uses an orb. Summons a streak of lightning. Sending it in an eruption that crashes over most of the party. Ashton, Orym, and Laudna are seared by the wrath of lightning.   Imogen steps back startled and fights to keep her eyes on Ira. Focusing her powers she twists them. Throwing her will at the fey. Managing to knock out his sight. Ira isn't startled and twitches.  "Interesting, they've got some fight in them have they?" Ira let's out an almost twisted smile. His head just flicks as blind eyes react to the area around them.   Dorian catches sight of the cloaked figure behind It's. Before an idea forms in his head. The bard spins on Chetney. "Chetney, Can Gurge fight?"   "Well yeah!"   "Good! Good." Dorian spins and throws a spell. Condensing the air almost into a vortex. Just behind the Nightmare King. Ripping it apart and causing a massive explosion. While the fey recovers the table stops. The walls shake and when the dust settles. Gurge's cage looks like it's bent inwards.  "Free yourself Gurge!" Chetney shouts as Ashton races in. Flickering in their usual red and blue. Bringing their hammer down on the animated table. Which is stomping and trying to rotate and face Ashton. It kicks itself up and slams into their shoulder. Thankfully, only impacting their good shoulder.   Another animated table charges Imogen. Trying to slam into her side. She shouts and upon impact there's an arcane burst. Her mage armor just protects her from harm. She steps back shaken. Another piece starts to move. Trying to attack Chetney only for the gnome to deflect with his hammer.  "Face your maker!" Orym sees Imogen and hears her cry. Refocusing her charges her way. Leaping over to her rescue. Sweeping Imogen off her feet and getting her behind him.   The table tries to lash out again. Only to be met with the halfling's shield. There's a thud and everyone shouts. Hearing a roar and the sound of crashing from the staircase.  "Hmm, another friend of yours?" Ira wonders, distracted for a moment. Which Laudna uses to shift back and summons her black goo out of the potions and muck. Ensnaring the fey in her hex before throwing her dark magic at him.   "Oh, that feels colder than I expected." Ira hums before being impacted. Being sent into the wall though he seems undeterred. "Interesting."   Chetney has stripped down to his underwear now. Carving his chisel across his pec. "The wood shop is open!" He lunges at the chair. One table is also assaulted by insectoid limbs. Barely pulling back out of range. Everyone hears another roar this time from the back of the chamber. Seeing what was formerly Gurge transformed. Now standing as a massive, grey wolf. Taller than even the other werewolf they know.   Gurge grabs the bars of his cage. Tearing them from their place and tossing them aside. Before stepping out snarling and snapping. Turning his attention on the blinded fey beside him. "Oh, it's on now buddy."  F.C.G. focuses and summons a massive mug. Slamming the spiritual weapon down. Though it fails to do any actual harm. The robot rolls down the rest of the steps. Going a bit too far and going flying. Crashing into the chair Chetney had been fighting. Shattering the chair into non magical pieces.   Mister races over towards Ashton. Screaming and throwing some flaming poo at the blazing table. Setting the rest of the table ablaze. Sending it collapsing in pieces. Fearne, still clothed in fire, raises her claw. Summoning fire around it and sending scorching rays at Ira. One blasts into the wall and the others blast against Ira's torso. Setting his dark clothes a blaze.  "Ah, I guess, let's take the weights off." Ira hums and bends the shadows. Rushing the party with them. Sinking an ice cold fear into the party. Excluding Orym, Dorian, and Laudna who actually seem giddy. The spell achieves an opposite effect.   "Ah don't be a bother right now." The fey shakes their head at Gurge. Stepping into the sphere of fire. Then wandering past, raising their long limbs.  "Very well. I apologize for whoever is right here." One claw swaps for F.C.G. and Chetney. Only unknowing of who he's sweeping at. Aims too high and misses both of them.   The Nightmare King pauses before nodding. "Oh right, right. That's on me." His eyes clear as he grins down at the duo. Blindness no longer inhibiting his senses.   "Shulkyr! If that's you- we really need you!" Imogen cries and tries to focus her power. Her eyes go white as she unleashes her purple lightning. Arching towards Ira and impacting his torso. Creating a connection between the two. She backs as far as her magic will allow.  Dorian sprints over to Imogen, "Hey, how are you doing?"  "Hi, I'm doing just fine." Imogen answers the bard who tries to summon a horrid melody into Ira's mind. The fey flicks his ear, twitching.   "Music to my ears." Ira purrs, followed by a crash. Ashton blinded by a mix of their fear and rage. Drops their hammer down on the animated chair. Shattering it into hundreds of pieces. Backing up into a column they glance into a cage. Hoping not to walk right into another insectoid. They just catch their breath.   "Aw, adorable." Ira flicks an explosion of flame at Imogen. Lighting her hair a flame. Dorian helps her put it out.   There's another crash as Orym brings his sword across the remaining table. Managing a chunk of it. Before it slams into Orym full force. Even with his shield the halfling takes a severe impact. His arm aching as he shouts.   There's crashing as a hulking, dark furred figure joins the fray. Nearly leaping over those in its way. Snarling and snapping as they land in front of Dorian and Imogen.   "Shulkyr!" The pair shout just seeing the werewolf's ear flick,  "Now you've brought me another with the gift. How pleasantly surprising." Ira hums as the small werewolf snaps and snarls. Something off about their form. Since when has Shulkyr had flowers in their werewolf form.  Orym manages to destroy the table. Chetney sees Shulkyr braving the Nightmare King and sees Gurge. Storming over to the Nightmare King. "You think you're pretty scary don't you? But Gurge and Shulk aren't the only ones with a gift! Wait until you get a load of me!"   Chetney's form cracks and shudders as he takes on a new form. Turning into a small white werewolf. He lashes out with flaming claws. The Nightmare King moves his leg. Stepping back as Gurge cackles.   "How interesting and- unexpected." Ira manages before Gurge howls,  "That's my boy!" The biggest of the wolves charges. Lashing out at the back of the Nightmare King. Tearing into pale flesh and releasing mist.   "How many fucking werewolves are in this gods damned city?!" Ashton shouts after Gurge flies past them. F.C.G. rolls away taking a swipe from the Nightmare King. They stumble and help Imogen. Before saying something to him. Trying to smack the back of Ira's head.  "You spoke little tin man?" Ira unhinges his jaw blowing flames at F.C.G. Thankfully, the robot's metal doesn't burn and they remove the flames before it heats their circuits.  "Shulkyr, you came!" Fearne cheers as Mister throws another fire seed at Ira. The fey wipes it off as Calloway approaches him. Shulkyr whines and Fearne takes in their shaking form.   "You need to back off my friends." Storming right to the Nightmare King. Fearne raises her hands unleashing a burst of flame. Stealing his attention as he sniffs at her. Leaning very low to look her in the eyes. Despite lacking his own nose.  "You smell familiar. Like home. Like- Calloway." The Nightmare King hums,   "You are a very bad representation of where we come from." Fearne scolds and he growls,  "I am very proud of all my work, and you are spoiling my fun!" The fey complains before warping in shadow. Reappearing beside the squishes.   "Why don't you take a little break?" He transforms F.C.G. into a small metallic turtle. Before turning his attention back on Imogen.  "Now." He rubs his hands together and she swallows.   "That's a neat trick." Imogen breathes before disappearing into a cloud of mist. Reappearing a distance back unleashing more of her witch bolt. The fey grins and raises their hand back. Just as Shulkyr pushes their form in front of Dorian from his side.  "I am getting sick of these hounds. I only need one." Ira states before swinging at the wolf. Carving through dark fur and flesh. When he had intended to carve through the other instead. Shulkyr whines as Ira's claw racks across their neck and the left side of their face.   Ashton rushes back into the fray. Slamming their hammer into the back of the Nightmare King. Causing a splash of acid. "Hi, we haven't actually met yet."  "I'm getting a taste of your capabilities." Ira states lashing out blindly. Everyone hears a yelp and sees Orym hit the floor.  "This is going real badly." Ashton croaks as Shulkyr recovers. Letting out a primal rage on the King. Their jaw snapping at the King's arm. Sinking fangs to grey flesh as they lash out for his torso.   Orym wakes up hearing Ira shout. Seeing Shulkyr being lifted off the ground. Tearing into the fey with no regard for themself. "Shit. Ok."   He rolls onto his feet and runs. Taking a leap and slashing his blade across the Nightmare King. Missing his back and carving through his ass instead. His head snaps back to Orym who's bloody and stumbling.  "I can do this all day." Orym wipes their blood as Laudna rushes to Imogen. Asking if she's alright. Before flinging another spell. Missing the warping shadows.   Chetney snorts and sees the glow of a machine. Barely acknowledging it, focusing on throwing a chisel. Sticking it into the fey's back. Though the Nightmare King doesn't acknowledge him. Too focused on Orym and the other lycan currently latched on to him.   Gurge prowls, taking a slash and drawing back. When Ira dodges, almost swinging Shulkyr into the swipe. "Don't hide behind a pup, coward!" Gurge manages another strike. Clawing the arm the fey has Shulkyr latched onto. The werewolves are all circling him.  Fearne shouts, "Shulkyr! Come on Shulk, let go. Let go!" The werewolf whines and falls. Just as the druid slams the fire sphere into Ira. Before summoning a knife of ice and throwing it. Ira catches it and tilts his head. "You are a Calloway." The knife explodes in his palm after a moment. Ice spikes impaling his hand. After a moment he vanishes again. Reappearing the back room of the room. Holding a powerful looking acidic spell in his hand. He stops and makes a face. Glancing at the enraged fawn. Before releasing a heavy sigh.  "I hate to leave work unfinished as I take much pride in what I do, but-" He reaches back and takes a heavy chest under his arm, "-I've been paid half. Good times were had, and I have other ventures to ponder. You're as resourceful as I had hoped. Hopefully, enough to survive." Ira winks at Fearne before vanishing again. Shulkyr sniffs and whines. Fearne races to them while Ashton checks on the machine. Seeing if anything is changing about it.   "Should we chase after him?"  "He's gone." Chetney races back up the steps. Seeing Shulkyr was not gentle in removing the bookcase. Though thankfully nobody saw it. Otherwise the room would be full by now of guards.   "We gotta go. We gotta get out of here now." Ashton rushes them   "Hey big puppy, this thing good?" Ashton calls to the wild man who shakes.  "Oh no, absolutely not. It was supposed to be released tomorrow." Gurge growls, Imogen and Fearne start talking. The machine starts getting really loud. Urging Ashton to push everyone out.  "Birdie! Birdie, help me out, we need to get them to move! Now! Now!" Shulkyr perks up at Ashton's orders and swipes up Dorian. Throwing the yelling air genasi onto their back. Turtle F.C.G. still stuffed in his breast plate. The wolf bolts upstairs barreling through the window. Everyone races upstairs, Fearne after she collects Little Mister and throws the caged beast a stick, and follows after them. One guard is unfortunate enough to see them. Being frightened by the presence of the werewolf.   Racing away at the sight of three of them. While Gurge and Chetney turn back. Shulkyr stays shifted and races away with their friends. Behind them the humming goes quiet. Before a massive explosion takes place. Sending rocks and debris crashing into the spire below. Chetney manages to avoid a crashing rock. While Shulkyr is not so lucky.   The werewolf has enough time to throw the duo they were carrying off. But they take the full impact of a piece of the moon tower. Sending them crashing into the ground. Completely unconscious as their form shivers and shrinks. Reverting them back into their drow form.  "Shulkyr!" Ashton races over to the drow. Getting Gurge help in removing the debris. Ashton picks up the drow and checks them over.   "Fuck. Who had a potion?!" Dorian has pushed himself up by now. Tossing Ashton a health potion. They're quick to pour it down the drow's mouth. Tossing the glass before carrying them away.   "Come on, we gotta go. Come on." Ashton carries Shulkyr over to the cable car. Gurge grunts and everyone goes. Once they all get into the cable car. They relax and start to talk with Gurge. Trying to figure out what the Nightmare King was doing with him.  "Did you bite him?" They point to Chetney and Gurge denies it,  "Wait- so you can infect people?" Ashton checks and Gurge grunts,  "Course we all can."  "Not Shulkyr!" F.C.G. pipes up and Gurge tilts his head. Taking a sniff of the drow. Getting Ashton to take a step back from him.   "She smells-"  "They." Fearne corrects and Gurge makes a face,   "They smell off." Gurge states and Chetney pipes up,  "I know. I wouldn't have known if I hadn't seen them transform! They don't smell like we do." Chetney states and that only confuses the party.   "Wait, smell like you do? You can tell each other by smell?" Imogen questions and both werewolves confirm.   "Yeah, but your pup here. They smell off." Gurge states nodding to the drow,  "They smell similar, but not quite right. More- natural. Like deep earth and dew." The group doesn't really get what that means. Before Gurge can elaborate they leave the cab. Heading to the Weary Way Tavern.   "Oh, and Shulk bought rooms for everyone at the Spire." Laudna pouts, even as they step through the doors. Getting a room, drink, and food to chat. Ashton makes sure Shulkyr gets the bed.   "Ok, so what the fuck is going on?" Ashton sits down, and makes sure to keep themself between Gurge and Shulkyr. Hammer still in their hands.  "Alright, then- I guess, let's begin." 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Gurge is quick to answer questions even if he is a bit rude about it. Explaining he was helping Chetney for only a week or so. That he's from an order that used to hunt things like himself. Until he got bit and was told to come here and seek out an order. That should be able to help with controlling the transformation. Which reveals Chetney's real transaction with Gurge.   "Real quick, they had you bite people?" Imogen pries and Gurge shrugs,  "Yeah, would strap me to a table and cut me if I didn't." Gurge confirms, sharing what little he heard and saw during his time. Before urging he wants to sleep. Which Chetney agrees to let him do. Only for Laudna to wave at Gurge.  "One quick thing. Back to our buddy here-" Laudna gestures to Shulkyr. Lying still on the bed with Ashton still sitting vigil over them. Now dawning their mask.   "You said they smell different. What exactly does that mean?" Laudna hums and leans towards the snarling wolfman.  "Usually, we can smell each other." Gurge explains and Chetney pipes up,  "I think they mean how they smell off. Like I said, I didn't know until they turned!" Gurge growls at the gnome huffing and puffing about it.  "I don't know. I told you she-" Everyone glares and Gurge glares right back, "-They smell different. They smell like us, but I had to look for it. They're different enough that I couldn't pin it. They don't have the smell of- they don't smell of the curse." Gurge fumbles trying to explain. Which earns him some looks.  "The curse has a smell?" Dorian pries,  "Yeah, I guess."   "Ok, hold on-" Orym starts only to be cut off by an annoyed growl,  "I just want to fucking sleep!"  "-Yeah, and you will. One more fucking thing. We're just trying to figure out what's going on so they don't rampage." Ashton gestures back to the drow. Gurge grumbles looking at the hunter. Before giving up and growling.  "One more."   "Oh right, Gurge, Shulkyr said they can spread the curse through bodily fluids. They specified saliva is the usual, but they implied other fluids would-" Fearne sings, smiling at the werewolf.  "What? Fuck no. Why would they tell you that?"   "So it doesn't work that way for you?" Laudna pries and Gurge shakes his head,  "No! That's fucking weird. I'm telling you, something is weird about your friend here. But I don't know what." That's all they get out of Gurge. Who they finally let go to sleep. He circles in spot before dropping dead on the floor. Everyone chatters a bit more. Checking out some papers Laudna stole. Finding they've gone blank.   Defeated and unsure where to take things. Everyone makes to settle down for the night. Ashton takes up the bed they're already on. Getting comfortable beside Shulkyr yet again. Imogen, Laudna, and Orym all take another bed. While Fearne, Dorian, and Chetney pile into the last one. F.C.G. goes into stasis by the foot of a bed. Leaving the party to go to sleep peacefully. ~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  Everything aches and I have a splitting headache. The first thing I notice beyond the pain. Is the warmth beside me. The softness of the bed underneath me, and the night sky swirling before my eyes. I must be wearing my mask. Sniffing, I get a familiar scent heavily mixed with old bold and sweat. Right next to me yet again.   This is the most consistently I've woken in the same bed as someone since my boss. It also keeps with me not remembering how I got there. Moving, I slowly take off my mask. Revealing a familiar sleeping earth genasi. Snoring away with their usual rumble. I just stare at them, what looks off?   'Pup.' Thel'ador calls to me as I tremble. Pushing myself into a shaky sit. I take a look and see everyone is still sleeping. I fumble for my hip flask. Trying to take a drink and discovering I'm out. Son of a-  My movement eventually wakes up the genasi beside me. "Mmhm, quit fucking movin. It'z too early."   I can't retort to them at the moment. No liquid to wet my sore throat. So I just pat their hip. Struggling to get off the bed without bothering them further. It fails as for some reason I've lost my balance. What happened when I transformed? Sitting on the edge of the bed. I see a figure curled up on the floor. Who is that?  When I get up, I hit my knee against something. Cursing, I stumble back and I turn my head. F.C.G? How did I miss the automaton? My knee throbs as I drop back on the bed. This time waking the genasi with a complaint.   "Fuck Birdie, slow down. You got hit by an explosion last night." Ashton grumbles and pushes themself up. Coming to join me at the end of the bed. They keep grumbling until they get to my side. Turning my head back I see Ashton. We lock eyes and they go quiet.  "Oh fuck, Shulkyr." Ashton breathes and I twitch. What? Something is off, why can't I place it?   "Hey, come here." Ashton urges me over and grabs my arm. Starting to guide me to them. They pull something out of their countless pockets. They start doing something with the left side of my face. It's starting to click what happened, but I need to see it.   "Guys, you're so loud. What's going on?" Imogen complains and I note they're all to my left. It sounds like they are at least.   "Oh, is Shulkyr awake?" Orym rises next and the talk gets everyone else up. Ashton finishes and pulls me into their shoulder. Even though it's their bad shoulder.  "Hey what's up?" Fearne speaks next and I flick my ear.   "How bad was it?" I whisper to the genasi who has thrown an arm around me,  "It's bad. Is your mask magic healing?" Ashton whispers back,  "Yeah." I confirm as I hear everyone gathering. The tension is filling up the room.   "Hey what's going on?"  "Shulk got hurt. They're not looking good." Ashton answers for me and I stay there.   "Where are we going today?"  "Birdie, you sure?" Ashton asks and I nod,  "Just give me a bit." I promise and they give. Directing the party around. Everyone goes downstairs first to grab breakfast and beer. Ashton gets to their feet. Guiding me off the bed and helping me steady.   "Was gonna happen eventually." I jump at the voice and snarl,  "Hey! Fuck off, they don't remember you right now." Ashton gets defensive and the figure just shrugs. I saw them lying on the floor before. Yet I couldn't get a good look at them. Before I know it Ashton has pulled me to their side. Disappearing from my vision.   "Just saying, our kind aren't exactly careful during a fight." The figure presses as we walk.   "I'm right here Biride." Ashton promises as they help me downstairs. Everyone is already downstairs. Eating breakfast and drinking to wake up. All eyes turn on us and go quiet.   "Oh Shulkyr-" Imogen gasps and puts a hand over her mouth,  "Don't." Ashton stops her and we settle down,  "Fucking hells you all! What did you do to that poor darling?" The madam comes over. Causing me to jump and rest against Ashton.   "Shulkyr, may I?" Dorian is gentle when he reaches for the left side of my face. His soothing magic rushes over me. Along my neck and up my face. I feel the familiar sensation of skin stitching itself back together. The aches and sores being eased away by gentle wind.  "Thank you Dorian."   "The Nightmare King got you good Shulk. I- I can't make it go away it's-" Dorian fumbles and sounds so sad about it. Maybe he had something to do with it then? I can see myself getting between him and an enemy.   "They must have be strong, usually my mask will heal just about any wound. Its fixed shattered bones and missing limbs before." I confess reaching for my face.   "Wait, do you- oh no. Shulkyr you don't remember any of it do you?" Dorian sounds even sadder and I'm not sure how. Old instincts kick up and I raise my hand. Taking Dorian's and giving a gentle squeeze.  "I remember sneaking through the garden, scaring a few guards, and getting into the tower. After that I can't remember a thing." That seems to make the group mood fall. They take my fragile memory rather poorly. It makes me feel oddly guilty. Even though I know I can't help it. "It's fine. I'm just glad none of you seem too hurt. Even if we're all a mess. As long as I wake up and everyone is fine. I am happy."   Everyone is rather sullen and the half orc comes with another round. Giving me a small bowl of fruit. Free of charge at her insistence. I give her a broken smile. My ears constantly flicking around. Taking in every sound and smell. It's like I'm a pup again. Experiencing my first court with how overwhelming it is. I usually block out these sensations. I'm trembling under the rush.   "We're going to Lord Esterhross right?" Everyone agrees we need to tell the orc what's goin on.  "Can we drop by the Spire By Fire? I left things there." I pipe up finding my head turning until I can see everyone. Taking in all their reactions.   "Of course! I'm sure Ishir wouldn't mind." Imogen is rather happy to agree. Soon enough everyone is on the move. Ashton stays glued to my dark side. We all take the long way to the core spire.   "We've got carts," "Person," They keep commenting. My ears flick and strain. Trying to sort out all the noise. While Ashton tells me what's coming up and who. How they're doing it, I don't know. It's clear they're used to having this kind of blind spot. The entire walk turns into a quiet lesson. The genasi showing me how to make up for it. Without directly explaining that's what they're doing.   We make it to the Spire by Fire first. Ashton and I dip inside and up to the room I had. Letting me collect my things. Including my finished project. At least one thing happened last night.   "It'll get better." Ashton grunts as they take up my side again. "Won't be the same, but you can make it work." We head downstairs and head to the bar. Calling to Ishir and getting his attention. The laughing lion goes quiet seeing us.  "That-" The man stops probably from a glare shot by Ashton. He quietly takes the keys and we head out. Making the rest of the way to Lord Esterhross. Which is thankfully much easier than the bridge. As the fear of not being able to see how close I am to plummeting doesn't grip me as tightly.   When we knock, it feels like forever. Before it opens and reveals Evelyn. She looks us over and pauses when she sees me. Her eyes going wide as her jaw drops. Evelyn ushers us inside and to Lord Esterhross.   The orc is drinking tea and reading something. Before I can fall, Evelyn has grabbed me a chair. Encouraging me to sit down. Ashton puts their hammer down. Taking roost on it just within my vision. Lord Esterhross raises his gaze and it locks with mine.   "I see the night has not been kind to you all." Esterhross states and everyone grumbles. Sharing with him what happened. By proxy revealing to me what happened the night before. When I hear the description of this 'Nightmare King'. I reach up for my face.   "This may come across as tactless, but I have to ask. Have you taken in the full extent of your injuries?" Esterhross is clearly questioning me on that one. Giving a shake of my head. I watch him gesture probably ushering Evelyn over. She approaches from my visible side. Holding a small mirror for me. Focusing on my breathing, I take a chance and look.   "Fuck." I breathe taking in my new profile. Shifting my clothes I take a look at the full extent.   The left side of my face and my neck has been reaped. Three long thin and dark, almost purple stripes have clawed from my ribs. Tearing in almost perfect lines along my side. Up my neck and through my left eye. Ending at my brow. Dorian's magic closed them and starting the scaring process, but it failed to repair my eye. Which has been carved through. The claws of this Nightmare King must be fairly large. As most of my eye has been removed. Dorian's healing at least stopped any gushing that had been happening.  "There's no fixing that." I mumble my cheek and the side were also ravaged.   "One strike did all that." I breath and rest back. "Fuck." Closing my eye, I feel a hand settle on my knee. Ashton doesn't say anything. But I've grown familiar to the genasi's touch. They're heavy handed, it's in their nature. But there's always some level of restraint in their movement. The genasi is well aware how much power is in their frame, and it translates into their movement.   "We can go to Milo, they probably have something to help out." Ashton prompts which causes some questions. Milo fixed them after they fell. Maybe Milo can fix an eye? While that would be nice. I find that's too much to ask of them. We haven't done a thing for them. Why would I be owed something like a replacement eye?   "It's not the first time I've been handicapped. I can get used to it. Just give me time." I promise them and they go quiet. Ashton just keeps a hand on my knee. Occasionally squeezing as we finish our business with the orc lord. He hands over five platinum. Ushering us to go to one of the other Spires. Where a spa called the Diamond's Horizon is. He encourages us to go pamper ourselves. Giving us cloaks and a new wardrobe to hide. Since we were, apparently, involved in a massive terrorist attack.   Ashton again takes vigil on my blind side. Dorian flanks my other and takes my hand. Seeming more for his own comfort than mine. Sighing, I swing the genasi's arm. Letting him walk with the momentum. Managing to put a small smile on his face.   Chetney parts from us to go buy a new chisel. Apparently, he threw his into the back of the one who we had been fighting. We get into a cable car and find myself desperate to hold onto someone. Heights are already bad enough, but not being able to see the fall. Arms find a place around me from behind.   "It's ok Shulk, I can learn to fly. Did you know that? I can learn to fly and then we can go to high places without you worrying." Fearne hums and she, assumably, rests her chin on my head. Happily hugging me from behind. Dorian chuckles and keeps his hand in mind. When did I become friends with such touchy people?   'They've always been touchy. It just hasn't been directed to you. You've been hurt, of course that would change.' Thel'ador gently scolds me and I sigh. I wasn't actually complaining. I was trying to joke.  'Don't. Humor has never been your strong suit.' The spirit retorts and I let out a whine. Sometimes I wish I could just block you out. Which earns me an annoyed growl.   "I'm glad you're not in too bad a shape. With that you said about a third time transforming." Imogen is quiet even as she smiles at me.  "Oh, I am- I'm just hiding it." I deadpan and her smile falls and I rub my neck. Hissing when my fingers brush the raw skin of my new wound.  "Speaking of things you said-" Laudna pipes up and sings,  "-We talked to Gurge about you."  "Yeah?" I didn't really get much of a chance to talk to Gurge. Though he wasn't particularly helpful from what I heard.   "We asked him about some things. Like he said you smell different from other werewolves. He also was really freaked out when we mentioned the whole bodily fluids thing. He said it didn't work that way. So where did you learn that from?" Laudna explains and I just blink,  "I smell different?"  "Yeah! You smell all wet and earthy and like fresh rain." Fearne sings and I tilt my head.  "That's normal?"  "Really? Chetney and Gurge said it isn't." Dorian seems at a loss and I mirror his expression.   "I- I didn't realize they were the same from smell. They smelt different from me and-" I trail off and they all stare,  "And? Is there another werewolf you knew who smelt like that?" Imogen gently presses and I shrug,  "-Yeah. As for the bodily fluids thing. That's how it worked for us." I don't really know what to say.  "Actually if we're talking about this. Shulkyr, we never asked. What happened?" Fearne pries and I drop my head back,  "What happened when-?"  "When did you get infected? Chetney and Gurge said they got bit while hunting." Silence follows and I just stare at Fearne. I decide whether or not to lie about it. After a moment, I decide it's not worth it. They already know I'm a werewolf. What harm is there in being truthful?  "Shulkyr?"   "I never got bit." I whisper and they make faces.  "What?" "Sorry?" Various reactions fill the small car.  "I never got bit." I restate it, before deciding I need to clarify. "I've always been this way. I don't remember ever being bit. I transformed for the first time as a kid with my dad. He took care of me during it. I remember it hurt, but I don't remember being bit by anything. I never even saw a wolf-like creature until I was allowed topside after my first century." More quiet follows as they sit on that.  "You've always been this way?" Dorian repeats and I nod,  "That sounds so weird. Like all these werewolf shenanigans here. Then more back in Wildmount. In fact aren't both Gurge and Chetney from Wildmount too? That's like three werewolves all from there. It's like- all connecting together again!" Laudna seems giddy and I smile at her. Her unshakable joy is something I can appreciate. It is a very odd coincidence now that she says it.  "Gurge did tell us about a big group of werewolves here. Maybe they'll know what's up. Cause clearly something is up." Ashton states from my side. I can't help craning my neck to look at them.   "You're not normal even by their standards. You got forced through surgery so your bite doesn't infect, but your other fluids- fuck that's so weird to say-" Ashton makes a face and shakes their head. Which puts an amused smile on my face. The car comes to a stop and the doors creak open.  "We'll figure it out." Orym states and I look at the halfling. "First, let's all clean up. Ok?" Everyone agrees to just stop and relax. Leaving the car to head up to where Esterhross directed us. I wonder if this spa will be as nice as the other one? Hopefully, I'll be able to enjoy it without aggravating my wounds. I'm tired of sitting off to the side, and not remembering my experiences with this group.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  We enter the Diamond's Horizon and cough up all five platinum. Which earns us all the Royal treatment. One older tiefling woman is charged with caring for Fearne. While many focus on Fresh Cut Grass mostly out of curiosity. Imogen and Laudna remain in the water. While Dorian loudly shows Chetney what it's like to be pampered. Many try to get their hands on Ashton, but they're quick to turn them down. Though they accept polish and the chance to bathe.   "Ma'am, may I help you today?" I'm approached by a pretty uniya man.   "Oh?"  "I couldn't help noting the hair and the wound. It seems you may need a- gentler hand." The man is kind as he eyes my wound. Looking down I take in my state. My body suit has been ravaged. It's shredded, sticking to my skin, and my hair is still bleeding purple. Looking even worse than it had at Simgurh's Rest.  "Oh? Are you getting pampered today, Shulkyr?" Laudna perks up, finally out of the water.  "I don't know-"  "I say go for it Birdie. You liked being pampered before." Ashton pipes up, and I look back over my shoulder. My neck is starting to ache from doing this. I need to stop completely turning my head like this.  "It seems like a good idea to me!" Dorian pops in, "This is a good chance to relax! Get everything sorted. Get out the dye, maybe re-dye it if you feel like it!" The princeling presses, giving me a smile. Something about his warmth makes me give.  "Sure. As long as you don't open these wounds. They ache enough." I mumble and the man nods.  "I have experience with this. I usually handle those with wounds and missing parts." The uniya confesses and that makes me feel a bit better. So I end up going with him. Getting a private room and shedding my clothes. Putting my crossbow and things to the side.   "This happen during the attack last night?" The uniya gently prompts and I shrug,  "No, dire wolf incident. It got me good." He nods and slowly starts to tend to me. Getting oils and shampoos, conditioners and other things. He hums as he works away at me. There's something about the faint song that makes my eyes heavy. It almost feels like Dorian's magic. It's soothing.  He works away, letting oils and lotions sink. When he gets to my new found wounds. He grabs other things. Promising these are specifically for wounds. It won't irritate the skin and cause infection, so he says.  "Do you want to re-dye your hair? I have things for that, I can also cut and style it." The uniya offers and I sit on it. Trying not to flinch at what pain his hands make me feel.   "I don't know- It's a pain to keep." I mumble, wondering what the others would think. Honestly, I'm missing an eye. At this point, what harm would having my natural hair do? Despite that I find the words refuse to come out. I'm just sitting there messing with my hands.   Instead of answering, I just let the uniya carry on. Going along my wounds. Massaging my jaw and working my ears. It feels heavenly to my bones and aches. Melting, I hear some chatter and Orym pops in. Stripped completely naked and seeming to look for someone.  "Need something sir?" The uniya asks and he looks at us,  "Oh, I was just clocking where everyone is. Are you alright Shulk?" Orym checks in and I give a nod.  "I'm good Orym. He knows what he's doing." The halfling nods and gives me a small smile.  "That's good, I'm glad you're enjoying it." Orym goes to leave and the uniya calls for him.   "Sir, you are friends with my client, yes?"  "Uh I suppose, they haven't told me if we're that far yet." He jokes and my ears droop. Flustered, I refuse to meet the halfling's gaze. The man chuckles and gets behind me. I feel their hands pick up my hair. Trying to turn my gaze putting Orym back in my sight.  "They seem unsure what to do with their hair. What do you think?" The uniya prompts and I wish I could shoot him a look. Orym seems surprised by the question.  "Oh well-" Orym tilts his head and seems to think about it, "-Honestly, I think your hair looks nice blonde or purple. I don't know how you feel about it. But I think you could pull off just about any color." Orym praises and I crack my knuckles. Unable to look at the halfling any longer. The uniya is still chuckling, sounding proud.  "Figured, they're a beautiful person. I just thought they might value your opinion more than mine." The man explains and Orym nods,  "We could get you a new outfit too. Your suit is kind of shredded." Orym hums and I nod,  "Yeah, I really don't have an opinion about this. Just- surprise me, I suppose." After giving the uniya the greenlight. Orym gives me a thumbs up and leaves. Relaxing, I sit at the mercy of the man. Who gets to washing my hair, massaging my scalp, and rinsing it. Before brushing it out and styling it.   "Tell me, other than purple is there any other color you'd like?" I sit and stare at the wall. Hearing scissors get picked up. So he's going to shear some of my hair? Ok, focusing on his question I consider. Would I be comfortable with my natural color, or any other color? I mean I didn't choose purple. My boss did that for me. Boss- Thinking of him makes the weight missing from my neck far more prominent. Causing a painful ache in my chest.  "I think green, minty green or maybe emerald. I could also go with a white strip or blue." He hums as he goes to work. Closing my eye, I just listen to the snipping. Letting him comb and cut to his heart's content. It feels like I've lost a pound or two. By the time the scissors are gone. He begins working on coloring. It takes some time and he tells me not to look. At least until the dye is done.~•~
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Ashton has sat outside the tub. Polishing up their stone while watching Orym practice with his sword. Buck naked for some reason. They're heads running circles at the moment. The Nightmare King was some kind of fey. Is that why his clawed fucked up Shulk so bad?   They don't get to think much more. Before they hear clopping and peek. Seeing Fearne appear in the doorway. Puffed up, smelling of peppermint, and with a bow wrapped around her neck. Matched with her many flowers and jewelry. Her hooves have even been shined. As she happily shows off to Ashton.   "Where's Shulkyr gone?" Fearne looks around for the drow,  "Some half orc dude took them away. They're getting pampered. Think Orym said something about where they are." Ashton directs the fawn to the naked halfling. She happily skips over to the fighter. Hitting him up with a conversation. Getting directions to where their blood hunter may be.   She leaves practically singing the drow's name. Trying to find her dear companion. Passing Dorian who's carrying a completely limp Chetney. She giggles at the duo and eventually hunts down her target.   "Shulk, you look-" Fearne takes in the drow's new style. Also blatantly admiring their naked form. Which has the drow shifting away from the fawn's bright gaze.   "Another friend of yours?" The uniya masseuse teases, earning a grunt from Shulkyr.   "Are you gonna wash your clothes, or are you getting something entirely new?" Fearne steps into the room. Cupping the drow's face and smiling at them.   "I was thinking new." Shulkyr mumbles, flushing as Fearne admires them.   They've cut their shoulder length into an undercut. The lower back of it has been shaved down. Swirling patterns styled into the back of their neck and behind their ears. Resembling flowers and tendrils. The purple dye was mostly removed, and replaced with a minty green. Being the brightest at their hairline before fading into their natural blonde color halfway through.  The only hint of their previous curls are a single bang. Which is curled and left to hang in front of their left eye. The end of it dyed lavender before fading into the mint. It fades nicely and strangely it compliments the dark purple scarring of the claw marks and destroyed eye.  "All your curls are gone, but I really like it. You look handsome." Fearne fawns over the drow who's ears droop.   "They do, they've got the sharp angles that just work perfectly for it." The half orc praises and the drow snorts.   "Where do you think we should get clothes for them?" Fearne asks him getting focused on the prospect of getting to dress up their drow,  "There's a seamstress store right next door. It's called the Weaver's Paradise." The uniya shares giving the drow a bathrobe. Letting them put it on.   "Oh that sounds wonderful. Come on Shulk, let's go."  "Uh, Fearne I-" The drow doesn't get much chance to complain. As the satyr drags them off. Leaving the Uniya to chuckle and collect their things. Walking back to the main group and handing their belongings off to the lilac haired sorceress. Since she's the first person he finds. When asked where the duo went off to. He simply answers with 'shopping'.  Once everyone has finished cleaning and pampering themselves to whatever extent they're comfortable. They all head out, planning to meet with 'The Anger' for Orym. Only when everyone comes back together. They all notice the missing drow and Satyr. Which puts them all on edge. Where could their first werewolf and druid gone off to?  "I doubt they would do anything reckless." F.C.G. hums and Dorian gives the robot a look,  "I'm sorry, have you met Fearne?"   "That's fair." Ashton grunts and Imogen pipes up,  "One of the spa guys did say they went shopping!" She looks around, curious as to what 'shopping' the pair could be doing. Orym takes a leap and gets a good look. There are countless other stores, but it's not really hard to figure out which the two went off to. Since he spots Fearne stepping out of one. Standing tall over most of the folk around her. He hits the ground and gets everyone's attention.   "Found Fearne." Orym announces and takes the lead. Taking everyone to the fawn.  "Fearne!" Laudna sings, getting the satyr's attention. She beams at them and turns around.  "Oh hey everyone!"  "What did you two leave for? Weren't you having a good time?" Dorian questions genuinely curious. He figured the fawn would adore being pampered.   "Oh, it was lovely, I finished up early. That tiefling woman was very talented." Fearne states with a nod,  "So you left to go shopping?" Imogen presses and the fawn glows,  "I just had to. I couldn't miss getting to dress up, Shulk."  "Wait- what?!" The other girls shout suddenly and are very invested. What does she mean by dressing up Shulkyr?  "Their clothes got ruined. So they needed new ones. So we went shopping." The satyr finally clarifies exactly what she's been up to. Just as she reveals that. Everyone hears some heavy clicks. Heads turn and everyone gawks.   "That bad? Fearne and the seamstress just kind of-" The drow gestures at themself. Having abandoned their cream leather. They look like they belong in Marquet.   Their new clothes are lighter now, looser. They've dawned a seafoam green tunic with a flared collar and left split sleeve. Lacking a second sleeve. It's embroidered with white almost silver thread. Their neck and wrists are decorated with beads. The sides are slitted and end at their mid-thigh. Matched with loose dusty, tan pants that flare at the bottom. The clicking is sourced from their black boots. Which just peek out from under their pants.   "Oh Shulk, you look-" Laudna breathes and Fearne giggles,  "They look really good right?! I matched it with their new hair." Fearne brags and Ashton whistles,  "Damn Birdie, green suits you better than purple. Especially with the fade." The genasi gestures to their head and Shulkyr joins them. Taking their things from a pink faced Imogen. Who's eyes keep flicking to the deep, loose v of their top. Before jumping back up to their good eye.   "You also bandaged up your eye." F.C.G. chirps noting their newly hidden left eye. They didn't just slap an eye patch over it. It's clearly medical and not aesthetic. Being made of white cotton and bandages.   "Yeah, I didn't want to run the risk of an infection. Thankfully, Dorian took care of the rest for me." Shulkyr praises and it causes the genasi to flush.   "I'm always happy to help." Dorian stammers and Shulkyr nods,  "I know. Now that all that I sorted. Where are we going next?"  "I figured we could go speak to the anger." Orym pipes up and Shulkyr nods,  "Sounds good to me." The drow let's the halfling take the lead again. Dorian is the one to take up their left this time. Before Ashton has a chance to take their spot back.   "Are you gonna put your armor back on?" Laudna questions and Shulkyr shakes their head.  "I tried. The metal grinds against the scars and hurts like a bitch. I think I'm going to have to swap to something like breast plate."  "We can make the stop. We're surrounded by stores right now! I can cough up the coin." Chetney speaks up and Shulkyr ends up taking them up on that offer. No one argues with it. Considering they don't want an already 'squishy' member to end up even easier to take down. It's not difficult to find breast plate armor that doesn't cover their left side. It takes some shifting around their new clothes. Yet the outfit is loose enough the chest actually fits underneath. The deep v now showing off the metal chest piece and leather instead of their skin. Which the drow finds rather comforting.   Everyone starts the walk to the Lumas manor. Eager to carry on with the day. Ashton catches a courier to send a letter to Jiana Hexum. Which earns them some looks. They just brush it off however. Forcing the attention back in the drow with a one worded question.  "Satisfied?" Ashton gestures to the breastplate.  "Yup, I'll tinker with it when we have the time. Probably before bed."  "What are you gonna do with it?" Dorian asks from their blind side,  "Enchant it."  "You can enchant things?!" Laudna seems pleasantly surprised.  "Barely. My scale mail was empowered and so is Raven's Kiss. They're not impressive enchantments. They're just useful from time to time." Shulkyr admits and that earns them some fawning. Some of the magic users ask if the drow could enchant something for them or make them something.  "Not at the moment- I'm working on something." Shulkyr mumbles as they arrive at the manor. Wardens greeting them at the gates.  "Orym." The halfling looks to Shulkyr who locks eyes with him.  "We're here." Shulkyr states and He slowly nods,  "We're here." He agrees and acknowledges Shulkyr's silent questions. Is he going to be ok? Will he go through with this? You know we're here for you, right?   Once the wardens let the group inside. They meet with Ela Lumas. The mother of twins killed in the attack and matriarch of the family. Everyone hangs back and belts Orym handle this. Since it's something only he understands the full extent of.   The halfling recounts the attack that took place in his home. Matching the nature of the attack on her children. When he confirms he's looking for the one responsible. Lady Lumas gets a hard look on her face. The wrath of a mother just simmering under the surface. She takes everyone inside to meet Oshad 'The Anger' Breshio. The dwarf is an impressive figure, even injured.   The discussion is mostly kept between the halfling and him. Bringing up names that no one else knows. Jarrett and an unknown figure named Estani. While they discuss the attackers. Shulkyr perks up and their ear flicks.   "Doesn't that sound like what happened to Dugger?" Shulkyr whispers to the group,  "I mean not one to one, but it kind of does, doesn't it?" Dorian agrees with the drow and everyone nods. Which earns some looks from Ela and Oshad.   "Dugger?" Orym turns and they can see the cogs turning in his head.   "He kind of caught fire though, didn't he?" Orym pries and Shulkyr nods,  "But he did turn into sludge."   "Orym's turned to snow didn't they?" Imogen pipes up and everyone hums.  "That's true, but the theory is it was a test run. And it was six years ago. That's a lot of time to test and redesign. They don't act like people either by the sounds. They're too in sync, but I can believe a bunch of magical creations absolutely could." Shulkyr hums, that part of their mind that's always fond of puzzles coming to life. Everything has been interconnected so far. It wouldn't be too shocking if this was as well.   "There they go- I can practically see them thinking." Laudna giggles and they hear a chuckle,  "You're companions are quite involved. Good." Oshad comments taking Orym's hand. Giving him a squeeze. Pulling the halfling's attention back to him. Grounding the fighter with his grasp.  "Having friends to help you along will serve you well. I don't think any one of us can defeat those things on our own. We'll have to take them down together." Oshad admits and Orym nods,  "You're right. Those things cut down some of the best people I know. It would be foolish to take them on alone." Orym agrees and the conversation doesn't get much further. Before Oshad complains the boredom will kill him. Deciding to take a walk in the Lumas garden. Chetney jokingly recommends that Oshad get a massage. Which the dwarf genuinely seems to consider. Lady Ela says her goodbyes. Going on the walk with Oshad. Welcoming them to ask for anything they'd need.   Everyone takes the chance to question one of the house keepers. Getting a bit more information about the twins. Though it doesn't particularly help them. Everyone leaves the manor. After leaving, everyone decides where to go next. Imogen pulls out the letter Lord Esterhross gave her. Explaining she's eager to go to the Starpoint Conservatory. No one has any arguments and can't manage to tell the giddy woman no.  So everyone falls behind Laudna and Imogen. Who knows where this conservatory actually is. It's luckily on the same spire. Sparing the more nervous members of another cable car ride. When they approach the new ones look around. While Laudna and Imogen head to the snobby receptionist. Showing off the letter to get inside. Getting the permission for Imogen, but only for Imogen.   "Enjoy the books Imogen, it sounds like heaven for you." Shulkyr jokes and Imogen flusters,  "I mean you seemed really interested-" She glances around leaning into the drow, "-In the books in the Moon Tower." She whispers into their ear.   "I could try and sneak you some." She offers and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "Don't tempt fate. Go study, find what you need. We have the time." Shulkyr sends Imogen away before finding a spot to work. They whistle and get Little Mister to race over to them. Helping them heat up their glass once they've found a quiet corner. Everyone else is chatting and discussing what to do. Occasionally glancing at Shulkyr. Trying to spot what they're up to.   "It's glass stuff, it has to be right?" Dorian whispers eager,  "It would make sense." Chetney comments whittling away at wood. Working on his own projects.  "We could just ask Shulk." Fearne hums trying to peek, maybe she can get little Mister to give her the item?  "Nah, leave'em be." Ashton has sat on their hammer.   "They're working on something. Let them have it. They'll share when they feel like it." Ashton pulls out some cards and shakes them. Trying to get someone to play to pass the time. While everyone entertains themselves. Imogen has become lost to the massive well of knowledge she's stepped into. She gets help from one of the employees. Looking for books about dreams, psychic powers, and red storms.   It takes the duo some hours to find the books she needs. But once she's gathered them. Imogen settles down and reads each and everyone. Finding one book specifically about dreams of Red storms. The studies on such a subject are scarcely done. But she reads through what they have. Noting her own mother's name listed among those who contributed to the study. She's deeply engrossed when she flips a page and freezes.  Many of the pages have been torn from the binding. Taking with it the main part of the study. Along with whatever answers she may have been looking for. She deflates and chews her lip. Who would tear pages out of the book? How long ago had it been vandalized? She was so close to having some idea as to what's going on with her. Only for it to be stripped away. Without another lead Imogen puts the books away. Defeated and confused on what to do next. She starts to return to her party, empty handed and disappointed.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Many of the group passed the time however they could without leaving. Some just chat about nothing and everything. While Ashton took the chance to sleep. Shulkyr continued to work on their various projects. Pausing from their glass making to fiddle with some alchemy. Unaware of Imogen's despair as she tries to investigate who tore the book. Learning the last to check out the pages was the recently murdered twins tied to Orym. Which puts a sinking feeling in her gut.   Defeated, she returns to the party. Her head hung low when Dorian notes her return. Speaking up and getting everyone else's attention. Shulkyr glances, currently unable to walk over. Handling melting glass that is quickly cooling. But they show their attention with a nod in the group's direction.   "So how'd it go?" Everyone seems hopeful for her, and it makes her heart ache.   "I found- There was a book." Everyone brightens and she bites her lip. "But someone tore out the pages that had all the information. It had my mother's name in it, and it was about dreams and powers like mine. The scribe said the ones who took it out were the twins, but- I don't think he was supposed to tell me that." She's scrambling to explain. Saying the words aloud makes what happened painfully real. While some of her words don't hit Shulkyr's ears. They catch the tone as they dips the glass.   Everyone starts tossing around ideas. While Shulkyr packs up their things. Getting little Mister on their shoulder. Before joining the rest of the party. Piecing together what happened before the subject changes. Going towards the ball and Laudna wanting a tux for Paté.   "I don't know if you could get one custom for a rat. But maybe a modified doll outfit?" Shulkyr hums and Ashton perks up at that.   "Well there's nothing we can do this late. To the Spire by Fire?" Laudna asks and Imogen shakes her head,  "Actually maybe we should stay the night at Zhudanna's? We haven't checked in on her in a while." Imogen looks around frightened. Almost as if she's asking permission for something ridiculous. None of them question it though. Agreeing to go to Zhudanna's without pause. Imogen relaxes and smiles at her friends. Every heads out, finding their places. Laudna and Fearne end up flanking Imogen. Each taking an arm while Shulkyr leads everyone. Ashton, Chetney, and Orym hold up the back. With Dorian and F.C.G. kind of skipping around the group.   They make it to the old craft woman's home soon enough. The door barely budging when Imogen makes to open. Shaken as she is, she panics despite knowing the door tends to jam. Jumping when she feels a form take place behind her.  "Wha-?" Shulkyr reaches around Imogen. Giving a tug and opening the door with their comparatively impressive strength.   "I don't smell anything a miss." Shulkyr reassures Imogen quietly before pulling back. The purple haired woman relaxes at their words. They all step inside and spot Zhudanna. She's sleeping quietly in her crafting chair. Her current project curled on there lap.  Imogen relaxes with a loud sigh. Losing the last of her tension. "oh look at her, let's get her to bed. Ashton, Shulkyr, can we borrow that overwhelming strength of yours?" Laudna sings to the duo and Ashton nods to Shulkyr. Since they would have the softer touch. The drow steps up and carefully picks up the elderly woman. Who shifts in her sleep and asks what they would like for dinner.   Which warms the womens' hearts. Shulkyr tucks Zhudanna away with a softness that seems foregin. Before rejoining everyone and nodding. "Thank you Shulk. I- I think Laudna and I are going to stay here for the night."  "We can all meet up in the morning. Spire by Fire everyone else?" They all agree and leave the duo to their own devices.   "Hey Fearne?"  "Yeah?" The fawn gives Shulkyr her full attention,  "I was actually in the middle of making something and Mister has been extremely helpful. Would you mind if I kept him for the rest of night while I finish my project? Or-" Before the drow can finish Fearne snatches their hand.  "Of course you can Shulk! You looked really busy. I can't wait to see what you've been up to. I will get to see it, right?" The fawn is practically skipping as she beams.   "That's the intention." Shulkyr jokes and Fearne squeals. Taking wild guesses as to what the blood hunter has been up too. While a certain earth genasi smirks, but ultimately keeps their mouth shut. ~•~  Everyone meets back up later in the day. All of them fairly tired from not getting a full night's sleep. They talk about the ball. Deciding they need to go get clothes. They all make their way to a place Dorian spotted.  "This is going to suck for you Birdie."  "Oh?"  "You just spent a fuck ton for the new getup didn't you?" Ashton nods to their new ensemble.  "Funny, I didn't."  "Wait really, how?" Dorian seems baffled by that. After all, the sheer quality of what they're wearing should have cost them quite a bit.  "The shopkeep was a man who was very into Shulkyr's muscles." Fearne sings and nods. Earning a snort as the drow rolls their eye.   "Which he only got to look at because you dragged me out while I was in a bathrobe." The drow scolds and everyone jumps. Shouting in confusion and awe.   "Damn, did you get it for free?" Ashton asks, genuinely curious as they eye Shulkyr. Taking in the noticable muscle mass. The faintest scarring making gray knicks that almost seem like freckles or birth marks over their bare skin. Contrasting against the still dark purple scars from the Nightmare King.   "Ten silver." Shulkyr states and everyone stares in awe,  "I mean can you blame him? Look at them." Fearne giggles as they arrive at the shop. Stepping in, they take a look around. Admiring the countless fancy clothes on display. Dorian seems wonderfully at home. Like a wide eyed child in a candy shop. While Shulkyr, the other rich one, seems- not uncomfortable, but not nearly as ecstatic.  Dorian advises everyone what to look for. Something that looks good, but also suits them. That way they don't get called out by the rest. Chetney has an outfit he considers. Before balking at the price. It ends up being Imogen who takes a chance next. The seamstress showing her a simple cream dress with bell sleeves that would fit her form wonderfully. The price is much better than Chetney's jacket and coat. Which leads the gnome loudly asking if he can have a dress. The best the seamstress manages is a dress for a dwarf. Though the price to get it altered and have it is so much cheaper. Chetney doesn't hesitate to agree. Passing Shulkyr on his way out. Who grabs his shoulder.  "What?! I got clothes!" He makes a face at the drow who's frowning at him,  "You have several hundred platinum." They hiss and the gnome swallows.  "Well, I-" Their grip gets tighter and anymore might snap the woodcarver's arm.  "Hand me ten and your free to bolt." Chetney huffs and puffs as Fearne gets a sheer peach shawl to go with her lacy white dress. The coin trades hands and Shulkyr let's Chetney run. Before turning their attention back to the matter at hand.   Seeing several seamstress and assistants measuring F.C.G. They watch with an amused smile. Deeply entertained by the whole situation. Taking a chance they look around. Catching Ashton approaching a familiar outfit.   "Found something?" Shulkyr strides over taking it in,  "I don't know what it is, but I like it." Ashton states smirking,  "It's Krynn." That has the genasi glance at them,  "Drow stuff huh? Hey, how much?" Ashton gets the seamstress attention. Who explains it was a rare catch from Xhoras. Making it fairly pricey, and everyone sees the genasi practically wince.   "Here." Three platinum find their way into Ashton's hand. They jump baffled by Shulkyr's generosity.  "A present from Chetney." They whisper covering part of the price for the tux. Which Ashton gets measured for. In case they need any adjustments. Though they ask the seamstress keep it big.  "Why do I feel like you're up to something Ashton?" Laudna hums, wearing a dark brown wrap gown with an oversized belt and a fox pelt thrown around her shoulders.   "I got an idea. It's an idea." That's all they're willing to reveal. Grinning to themself while the others continue on shopping.   "Do you have any other Krynn stuff, since that's really up Shulkyr's alley?" Dorian asks, clearly hopeful, the seamstress frowns and shakes her head.  "My apologies, like I told your friend. Xhorasian imports are rare finds. Afraid I don't have anything else from the Wastes." Dorian deflates a bit before getting a determined look.   "Well, we'll find something." Dorian declares giving a grateful smile to seamstress. Then he joins the drow and whispers to them. "Shulk, you were a pirate right? Where was your main port, or- or maybe your favorite hang out? Is there any other culture you feel deeply tied to maybe?" The genasi pries, excited to help his friend. Shulkyr has to think about it. Closing their eye and digging deep.  "We stuck close to Darktow, but Darktow 'royalty' are just the biggest and the baddest. I'd have to say the Menagerie Coast would be where we called home more often than not. Except the ship itself of course."  "Did you like the coast? The styles there?" Dorian seems hopeful yet again as Shulkyr sorts their feelings on it. Recalling the past few years.   "I actually think you'd like the coast attire."  "Oh?" Dorian seems suprised by Shulkyr's declaration,  "Yea, the attire it's- the coast is a warm place, the sun is ever present, the salt of sea fills the air, and jungles fill most of the land. So their attire is usually one of two things. It's either hardy leathers and light cottons for practical clothing. Or it's flowing, light things. Silk, chiffon, ribbons, things borderline lingerie half the time. There was a woman- the Ruby of Sea. Everyone knew her, she was the most famous courtesan in all the coast. This wonderful bright red tiefling who always dawned this purple dress that seemed to swirl around her like water. Though on rarer occasions she wore a deep green one that had thin straps around the shoulders." The drow reminiscences, remembering the one time they met the Ruby herself. She was one of the most gorgeous woman they've ever been blessed to know. And her voice-  Shulkyr's thoughts are cut by a whistle. The entire party watching her with various levels of glee. For once, their ears droop and cheeks tint the faintest purple to match their newest scars. They clear their throat and refuse to meet anyone's gaze.   "Well, I do believe I have some imports from the coast that would match what you desire. Though similarly they are quite rare as the Xhorasian imports, but not as popular I'm afraid. So I tend to have a bit of a stock, if you'd like." The seamstress offers and leads Shulkyr away. Showing them a small collection of various articles that strike them hard with nostalgia. They've just barely left that life behind, and yet- somehow they long for it more than any of their childhood years, or anything Krynn for that matter.  "I will admit your build is closer to a human than drow, and your muscle mass may make some of these require- adjustments." The seamstress scans Shulkyr with a calculating eye. It's not often they have to handle such elegant attire for someone with such a defined build.   "Especially around the chest. I'm afraid these dresses would be rather loose with your size, and your shoulders- far too broad to simply throw these on I'm afraid." The seamstress hums and Shulkyr pauses,  "Yeah, I'm used to that." They pause and take a deep breath. Eyeing one dress at the very bottom.  "Oh that piece!" The seamstress seems suprised,  "A lot like the dress your ominous friend is wearing. That one has been looking for an owner for some time." Shulkyr pulls out the dress and admires it. Running their hand over the gentle, dark silk that flows like water between their fingers.  'Come on, spoil yourself for tonight moonstone. It's wintercrest! And you look'd so lovely in blue, I know it.' The honey voice practically sings to them right out of their memory. The drow glances around, nearly spinning to look. Half expecting to spot the pirate captain lazing against the wall. Yet nothing is there and they swallow. Apparently they'll have to deal with more than the mask's voice in their head today.   "I do have chambers if you'd like to let me see what will need adjusting?" The seamstress offers and Shulkyr nods,   "I may need a hat with this as well, or a veil, for my-" Shulkyr waves to their face and the woman nods knowingly,   "Ah light sensitivity. How I do not envy your people in that regard. Come, let's get you measured." The pair disappear for some time. Taking measurements and checking what needs to be adjusted. Before they're both satisfied. The seamstress sends Shulkyr off with an assistant to look for something like a hat or veil.  Returning to the rest, the seamstress checks what they would like. No one else really desiring much else. So they are gently ushered out. Everyone waiting outside for Shulkyr to come out. Who eventually decides on a veiled circlet. Which they ask for a sketch for. It surprises the seamstress but Shulkyr simply shrugs. "I plan to make a mask and I was thinking of making it to align with the circlet."   "If you're quick about it." The seamstress let's Shulkyr have a moment. They get a rough outline of what shape makes up the circlet. It's jagged, grey form feels almost Krynn. The veil connected to it is sheer and black, faintly glittering. The center piece being a dark blue gem cut like a dodecahedron. Two smaller ones lining each side.   Shulkyr thanks them and leaves. Rejoining the rest, "Shulk, did you find something you like? A dress, maybe a tux? Something else?"   Dorian presses seeming eager to hear if his friend found something. Shulkyr gives him a nod and a small smile. "Quite. It also gave me an idea. Though it's going to take some heavy adjustments. I'll come back to pick it up later. For now, where are we going?"   The party beams at that and chatter. Ashton mentioning all they can think of is a potions trip. Which leads everyone to the cable car, where the topic of money comes up. Imogen and Ashton grill Chetney about how much money he actually has after breaking into the Moon tower.  "He has plenty." Shulkyr chirps, which earns them a glare. Shulkyr only smiles and plays with Little Mister. Who has found his way onto the drow's shoulder again. It then gets shared Chetney found several platinum. A lot of platinum. Like at least over one hundred platinum.  They leave the car not long after. Everyone settling with the new discovery while they walk. Deciding to take the bridge the rest of the way, for more adjusting time, to the Trove of Marwa. The place they had originally intended to go before getting derailed by Advik. Eventually they arrive, feeling better than they had in the car. Discovering the place is covered in plants and seems to be made of a ship.   Ashton heads up to the counter and slams their hand on it. They make to shout just as someone jumps from behind the counter. "Yeah, what?!"  "Hello!" Ashton mimics the human woman wide eyed and grinning.~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  The energy of the atmosphere shoots up when the two meet. I listen to Ashton sound almost breathless. Explaining we're here to shop, and asking if the building being a ship is intended or commitment to a bit. Which earns them a nod and a simple 'yes.' The youth radiating off the pair is making my head ache. They chatter a bit before a speechless Ashton finds their tongue again.  "I need to know your name, I usually don't care about people's names, but I- I need to know yours."  "What's your name?" She mimicks him with a grin,  "Aaah- A-Aarron?" Ashton falls face first on their lie and I blink. Everyone grins and laughs as Ashton starts cursing a storm again.   "Funny so is mine!" The girl jokes arms crossed,  "Aaron? Really gemstone?" I quirk a brow and earn myself a defeated glare,  "Oh fuck off birdie, I didn't have one prepared. Ashton, it's Ashton!"  "Look at that, a bit of forthrightness and we're already on a good foot! The names Marwa Endalia. You?"   "Hm?" I gesture to the group curious as to who she's asking. She nods her head to me   "You, the one with the bad ass scar and tie dye hair." Marwa explains and I straighten. My ears flicking in a mix of amusement and annoyance. Though- Ashton's failure did give me an idea for some fun.   "Zahmera." I chrip without breaking eye contact, "Zahmera of Den Valefor, a pleasure." The lie escapes as easy as air and Marwa blinks. Making a face like she's unsure and considering it.  "Is that your whole name? Really?" She presses and I fight back a smirk. Hearing Imogen reach in my mind with a curious echo of the name.  "Zahmera is my name. No drow truly has a last name. Only the name of the den who owns them." I press and I can feel Ashton's glare. Fearne is giggling quietly as little Mister screams. Running off of me and over to his master.   "Uh huh. I don't know enough to about drow to deny that so I'm going to let that go. But you're going by that name now, like it or not." Marwa levels a look at me and I nod,  "When they slit your throat for it, I will not weep." I deadpan and everyone shouts my name. Breaking out into a fanged grin. I shake with suppressed laughter.   "Ok, she's pulling my leg. Dark humor kind of person, got it." Marwa nods, taking it surprisingly well.  "I'm a them, but you're a child so I'll let that go." I parrot her words and she grins at me,  "Ok, ok, I like you. You're something. What do you guys need?" From there things go awry in the best way. Orym asks for health potions. Which prompts Marwa to disappear somewhere to search. Coming back with several vials. Fearne tastes one and shares she thinks it's a health potion. Imogen opens another and a thick smog floods from the vial. Causing a whole fiasco for everyone else. My eyes however just glow faintly as I watch them flounder.   My attention snaps to Ashton when I see them side step. Getting beside Fearne and trying to grab- something.  "What are you doing?" The fawn quietly asks, but it rings clear as day to me. Smirking, I listen to the awkward moment of silence.  "Nothing." Ashton blatantly lies and I bite my lip. Something about today is making me feel- mischievous.  'It's the tiefling's wretched influence back with a vengence, I promise you.' The familiar growl fills my head and I hum. Already moving, I try to see just how much I can get away with. Quickly slipping past Ashton. Tugging at the rope around their waist just right. Catching the flower pot before it hits the ground. The smoke is starting to clear as I get beside Fearne. Managing to slip the orimental sabre off her. Stepping away, I watch them all turn to Marwa.   I 'borrow' some rope and tie the potted plant around my waist. Hiding it between my many pouches and belts. The sabre is a bit trickier, but I lean against Marwa's counter while everyone talks. The smoke is just about gone as I remove one of my hidden thigh knives and use the sheath to hide the sabre up my pant leg. Quickly glancing, I see the loose pants hide the sabre well enough. I really do like these clothes. Who knew how easy they made hiding things?  "Shulk, did anything catch your eye?" I perk up hearing Fearne's voice and she smiles. Letting myself smirk victoriously at them I shrug.   "Not at the moment, maybe Marwa can surprise me?" I joke and she giggles. Completely oblivious to her missing sabre. While the shopkeep goes to showing off her wares. Including a self tying rope, the vial of everlasting smoke, and trying to find a blood bag of some kind. People butt in and ask for the various things they want. Whenever someone hestiates about the price, I cough up platinum for them. Earning me a hug from several of them. I return them with one arm embraces. Until everyone finishes searching.   "So the shady one want anything, or do you just cough up money for'em?" Marwa looks me over. Currently taking in my position with an excited Laudna showing off the doll Ashton bought. With Fearne pressed to my other side. Forcing me to tilt my head and rest against Laudna so I don't get buried in the fawn's breasts. After a few flicked gazes she makes a face of realization.  "Oooh, ok, ok. You're one of those people? Your money for their attention right?" Everyone goes dead quiet and Marwa throws up her hands, "I'm not judging! I like your money to! Just not willing to go that far for it. You know to each their own." I blink and before I know it. My shoulders are shaking, and a fiendish cackle bursts out of me. It's so sudden and intense I have to grab something for stability.   "Fuck no!" "No way!" "That's not-!" Everyone shouts and refuses it. Except for Fearne who simply hums. Before getting this impish look on her face. Yanking me off of Laudna and right into her chest.  "I wouldn't mind! Though, I'd probably do it even without money. Shulkyr is just so wonderful." Fearne cooes while squeezing me. Owlishly blinking, my cackling stops for a moment before turning into plain delirium. Howling with laughter in a way I haven't in a very, very long time. I let Fearne keep me on my feet. Because my legs sure won't do it.  "Right, right. My bad, assuming makes an ass out of you and me and all that." Marwa waves it off and a steam whistles goes off.   "Oh, that means it's time for me to eat. Time for you to go!" Marwa is quick to usher us all out. Closing the door and locking it behind us. I'm still recovering when I hear a muffled 'aha!' Marwa apparently finding the blood bag she was looking for.   "Shulkyr-?" I turn my head to look at F.C.G. who's rolled over to me.   "-I can't help noticing. You seem in a very good mood today! Did something particularly pleasant happen that caused this shift?" F.C.G. gently pries and I hum. Shaking from the strange pleasant thrumming left by the laughter. It's even made me a little light headed. Straightening up, I stumble and get caught by a strong arm.   "Are you ok? You're shaking." Dorian gently presses from my side. Finally catching my breath I give him a slow nod. Not wanting to shake the insides of my head much more.   "I- I am. Fantastic." I breathe and he goes wide eyed. Concern getting replaced with a warm smile.   "You're doing stupidly well with only a few hours sleep birdie." Ashton whistles and I turn to them. Still leaning my weight on Dorian.  "I wouldn't say that. It's been- I- I haven't laughed like that in a very long time. It's actually made me. Very warm and dizzy." After a moment, I'm tempted to close my eyes. Wanting nothing more to lay down in some grass, or somewhere near water at least. So I can enjoy the sloshing of the waves.   "Do you wanna lay down? You look like you do." Orym calmly questions and I give a single bounce of my chin. There's a gentle grip on my hand and I collect myself. Opening my eyes just enough to see it's Orym.  "Marwa does have a waterfall. She said we had to leave the store, not the land." Orym smiles and we got to the water. Everyone decides to settle down. Fearne waves her hand and summons a patch of grass and some wildflowers. Lying down on my back, I go limp. Limbs too sore to throw an arm over my face to protect from the sun.  "Fuck Shulkyr. You look like you just had a hell of a night." Ashton sounds so amused when I feel someone gently sit beside my head. The sun dimming against my lids as someone becomes my shade. The dim light is followed by a hand running through my hair. I don't care to look who it is. Just shivering at the gentle touch. So, so long-.  "Laughter is the best medicine! The feeling is great for relieving stress and easing pain. Both emotional and physical. I don't think we've ever heard Shulkyr laugh like that! So this must be something rather euphoric for them!" F.C.G. loudly explains their thoughts. While I let out a shuddering breath.   "Shulk, this alright?" Imogen gently asks the hand in my hair pausing. I can't find the strength to answer her. So after a moment I hear her voice gently repeat the question in my head.  'Yes, this is wonderful. Please keep going.' Imogen giggles in response and her hand resumes petting my hair.   "We have been running around all day! I don't see why we can't take a break." Dorian goes along with it. Seeming happy to join me in relaxing.   "That does sound nice." Fearne agrees and I hum my agreement. Exhaustion settling in my bones. I think I manage to mumble something about taking a nap. Only hearing snorts and giggles in response. I couldn't stop my mind from slipping away at this point if I tried. So I let myself slip away. Trusting the others to wake me when it's time to go.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  They all enjoy Marwa's waterfall, the sunlight, and plant life for a while. Until Shulkyr has finished whatever episode they were having. Much to everyone's amusement. Taking the chance they all lie around and chatter. Mostly talking about their possible group name. Discussing old ideas and new ones. Laudna pitches the name 'The New Nobodies'. Which Ashton is quick to shoot down. When that avenue hits a dead end. They end up talking about clothing again.   Ashton suggests Chetney make a mask out of wood to really tie his outfit together. Which surprises everyone. Revealing that Ashton is the only one who actually read about the ball. Including the fact it is a Masquerade Ball. Meaning only Ashton planned their outfit with that in mind. Some panic ensues as they laugh about it.  The laughter seems to remind most of the group of Bertrand. Leading into sharing their stories of the embellished swordsman to Chetney. Which inevitably leads right back to the name problem. Everyone is thinking about it when Imogen lights up. "Oh! Shulkyr, you were part of a pirate crew and had a team before too, right?" The drow opens their eyes to look up at Imogen.   "Yeah?"   "Did you guys have any names?" Imogen asks, hoping they can draw some inspiration from the hunter's past. Shulkyr has to think about it. It's not really something they've put much thought into.  "My team when I worked for the empire? No. Unless you count the Empire calling for 'The Hounds' whenever they wanted something done. Working for my captain? Yeah. The crew was usually referred to as Melora's Travelers."  "Melora's Travelers? As in the goddess Melora, The WildMother?" Orym pries and Shulkyr nods,  "Yeah, but it wasn't really a name we picked. Everyone just knew that our captain was a devout to the goddess of nature, he has a shrine on ship and everything, and he was taught everything he knows about sea life by The Sapphire of Sea. Who is the high priestess of another god, some idol of trickery, just known as the Traveler. Though- that God seems very exclusive to Wildmount if I'm honest." Shulkyr finally finds the strength to sit up. Taking the moment to stretch their limbs. Which still feels oddly light to them. They could simply exist like this. It's such a pleasant experience.  "I know this is probably a sore spot, but the Empire called your team of slaver hunters. The Hounds?" Laudna seems very amused by the irony. Which leads to Shulkyr freezing mid stretch.   "Yeah." The drow blinks tilts their head, "I never actually thought about the irony. Not in that sense at least."   "It was ironic in another way?" Dorian seems genuinely curious and Shulkyr shrugs,  "My vice captain, he was an older tabaxi man. My team consisted of him, two halflings, a human, and a tiefling." Shulkyr seems to dim while remembering their previous group. Which doesn't pass the rest. One of them is about to back track. Only Shulkyr continues on before they can.  "The empire is a cold place, figuratively and literally. They're also highly xenophobic. It's why the Myraid prospers in slave trade so much. No one cares when the none humans go missing, or if they've been mistreated. It has made my trip here rather- jarring. So many races here and yet not nearly as much inner conflict about it. It's odd. I'm not used to it, but I like it." Shulkyr sounds rather firm on that belief. Which causes mixed emotions in the group. Those who call Marquet their home are flattered. While also feeling pity and a bit of rage. It's an odd sensation to say the least.  "Well-" Dorian clears his throat and gives Shulkyr a warm smile, "-I for one am glad you like it so much here. Even with all the trouble we keep getting pulled into. It's nice. As for the whole naming thing, did anyone have any other ideas?" Someone eagerly pitches the name of the Focus Group. Causing Laudna to complain it had been shot down previously when she suggested it. Leading to the group laughing about the misunderstanding.   Ashton changes the topic back. They seem delighted at the prospect of crafting. Their enthusiasm spreads through the party like wildfire. If not mixing some panic in it. Shulkyr certainly seems happy to learn that. The itch to craft has been gnawing at them for some while. While they've been working glass it hasn't been satisfying that urge.   "We have to make a mask." Ashton states and Imogen perks up,  "We have to make one?" Imogen sounds skeptical and the genasi shrugs,  "Yeah, how else do you imbue it with your power? No, I don't know. I just like making shit." Ashton fibs and everyone looks at one another.   "Split the group. Split the group?" Everyone splits up, Imogen and Orym heading back to the Lumas house. While everyone else makes their way to the Krook house. Planning to have the rest of the day be an arts and crafts day. Much to Fearne, Shulkyr, and Ashton's delight.   The duo of Imogen and Orym arrive at their destination first. Approaching the manor and stopping to make sure they have a plan. Orym and Imogen both feeling unsure about asking a mourning mother if they can rifle through her dead sons' things. After some discussion, they approach the guards. Trying to talk their way in before Last Lumas gets their attention. Much to the duo's relief.  Imogen steps up, and at Orym's recommendation, is honest to the lady about what they need. Explaining she was studying with a book that had pages ripped from it. When questioning who had it last. She discovered it was the twins. The duo ask for her permission to see if there are any clues as to what the twins may have been doing.   Lady Lumas is hesitant, but ultimately takes them to her childrens' space. Barely managing to pass the threshold. Before turning back to them. Inviting them to take a look around. Imogen and Orym gingerly take a look around. Not wanting to push the elderly woman's boundaries. They spend a better part of the hour. Trying to find any hint that the twins may have been doing. But unfortunately their search comes up empty.   By the end of their scavenger hunt. They mention to the matron their work will bring the group to where the twins had been attacked. Orym places a flower on the twins' desk. While Lady Lumas gives Imogen a token that will mark them as a friend of the house. The duo return to the rest. Finding F.C.G. using his modification to flick on a monocle.  Using it to identify the contents of the green vial. Discovering it is in fact a healing potion. Though it also makes the drinker resistant to poison for an hour. Much to Chetney's pleasure. More talking of crafting takes place, and F.C.G. ends up inspired. Trying their hand at clay to make the figure they need for spell casting. It takes the robot some time and quite a lot of fumbling. By the end, when they show it off. Everyone is chuckling at the unintentionally phallic object, and Shulkyr is warmly smiling at the robot. The drow holds out a hand getting F.C.G's attention.   "May I?"  "Of course Shulkyr!" The robot hands over their remaining clay. The drow works the clay with practiced hands. While Imogen tries an idea. Wanting to see if she can help the automaton remember the event where they lost their friends.  They're all silent when he recounts what happened. How they watched their associate Dancer take her last breath. Also mentioning names they hadn't before. Recalling how the creature hat turned to him. Revealing one large eye before vanishing. During his retelling, Imogen tries to see if she can see what he's thinking. Hoping to get a better picture of what happened from his memories. Shulkyr quietly whistles while eyeing the pair, and Little Mister rushes to them. Cooking the clay and finishing the model in exchange for a pastry.   Unfortunately, Imogen's idea falls flat. As all she manages to catch are broken flashes. Not even seeing the monster F.C.G. mentions seeing. It's almost like trying to get someone to recall a dream. Which disappoints them both. Leading everyone to try and soothe the pair.   "Here, you can have both." Shulkyr approaches the robot and gives them the model. It's a gorgeous work engraved with symbols of ravens and clearly the drow's unique take on the figure. Clearly a gift made to, hopefully, lighten the robot's mood.  "Oh, that's mighty kind of you Shulkyr! Thank you." The robot seems happier and they nod,  "You can use either. They're too big to sit on a necklace so-." Shulkyr hums their hand absentmindedly going to their collar. Almost like they're realizing they had forgotten something important. Everyone goes quiet, they never did find Shulkyr's sending stone. The tension shifts and Fearne shuffles on her hooves. Before all but throwing herself at Shulkyr.  "You're very good with your hands, Shulk! Do you craft a lot?" Fearne pries hoping to distract them. While Imogen and F.C.G. decide to go back to the library to research. This time to find something about Laudna and F.C.G. Leaving the rest to their own devices.  "I usually handle glass, but I can work with other materials. Unlike someone." Shulkyr doesn't bother to hide the look they shoot Chetney. Who frowns and makes an 'i'm watching you' gesture. The drow snorts something akin to a rivalry sparking between them. Rather than fight they announce they need to go do some shopping.   "I'll be right back." Shulkyr reassures and Fearne let's them keep Little Mister with them.   The day carries on like that. Members of the party split off to do their own errands. Before getting back to everyone else. Eventually they lose too much sunlight so they all decide to sleep. Putting their arts and crafts day off until tomorrow. ~•~  The night is not kind to the group. The trio of Orym, Dorian, and Fearne discuss the Nightmare King. Wanting to figure out why he knew the fawn's last name. But that doesn't tend to go very far. Since neither of the half asleep men can tell if she's being honest or not.  "Orym. Dorian." Fearne pokes the pair once Chetney has gone. They hum and give her their attention.  "You guys like Shulkyr too right?" Fearne asks, twirling a lock of her hair. She gets some owlish looks while the pair think about it.  "Uh- yeah I suppose." Orym mumbles,  "I mean I do- but do you-? Do you mean like Shulkyr as in liking them as a friend, or like them in a physical sense?" Dorian asks blushing, hoping Fearne will elaborate.   "Either way really." Fearne hums and that doesn't help Dorian. The satyr turns over and watches the ceiling. "You both would be really sad if they left, right?" Fearne asks and the duo drowsily glance at one another. Before giving Fearne a mix of pitying and sweet looks.  "Yes. I think we would all be pretty sad to lose Shulkyr now." Orym reassures the fawn, patting her furry thigh. Dorian hums his agreement and Fearne sighs. Relaxing and letting the trio all settle down. Though the conversation leaves a heavy tension in the air. Their conflict comes to a close for the night.   While they all close their eyes. The duo of Imogen and Laudna toss and turn. Laudna awakens to Imogen having the recurring nightmare. The warlock brings out paper and pen. Hoping Imogen's dream might reveal something important. Though watching her companion struggle causes a boulder of grief to sink into her stomach.  Imogen is unaware of Laudna's internal plight at the moment. Still running from the ever encroaching red storm. This time the storm was not a looming threat on the horizon. But a much closer, more frightening force from the start. The door of her home refuses to open. Trapping her outside as dust, glass, and stone blind the panicking woman.   She's cowering against the building. When she hears her mother's voice. Telling her to run, to not look back. She does, she forgoes her childhood home and races away. Glancing back, she sees two young adult figures. Standing against the storm in the same way Bertrand had before. These two have their backs to Imogen while holding onto one another's hand.   "Twins?" Imogen is baffled and terrified as she runs. Forever running from the rolling storm.  Laudna scribbles upon hearing Imogen mutter something about twins. Another moment passes and the psychic startles awake. Gasping and shaking, Laudna is quick to apologize for not waking her. Trying her best to soothe the other woman. Hugging Imogen close and letting her rest against her.  Shulkyr stumbled off from their inn room at about the same time. Heading off into an alleyway to cower. Aching and shaking from the press of their transformation. It doesn't take long for their resistance to give. Transforming into their lycan body. With nothing to hunt they sniff around. Trotting through the back alley and streets. Not doing much beyond meaninglessly wandering. They do catch a familiar scent at some point. Having nothing else to occupy them. They follow their nose.  Slipping inside the window of a building with a thud. The werewolf happily snoops. Quietly going through rooms until they find the source of the smell. Which is a dish of some delicious looking, familiar cookies. The wolf whines and their tail pats happily against the wood. Dropping on their haunches they indulge in the bakery goods. Causing a bit of a clatter that draws the owner of the Manor's attention.   The half asleep orc is startled seeing a large dark furred werewolf in his kitchen. But he's seen odder in his years. The massive hound snorts and their ears pivet. Before their head snaps to the door. The beast makes eye contact with the elder man. After a moment, the orc's brows furrow when he realizes what the hound is doing. "Are those my ginger snap cookies?"   The hound responds to the question by the snapping up the rest of the cookies. Before throwing themself out the window they came. While being chased by the gray skinned orc. Who's waving his cane and shouting after them. While not nearly as bad of a night as the rest. Shulkyr will suppose it could have gone better. Hopefully Lord Esterhross doesn't put two and two together.~•~  Everyone meets up in the morning. Some are more tired than the others. Though everyone notices and stares when they see Shulkyr eating something semi-familiar. "Shulkyr, did you get more cookies from Lord Esterhross?" Laudna gasps and the drow freezes,  "Yes?" They hand some to Laudna and, shockingly, no one presses to know why they're clearly fibbing.   "So are we going arts and crafts stuff? Are we doing more shopping?" Dorian seems eager and Ashton shakes their head,  "Hell no, I have everything we need at the Krook house. Come on. Let's go, I can drag Milo into it." Ashton grins and Laudna is eager to follow.  "Oh! Oh, before we go. I'm going to go back to Marwa's. I bet she has good things by now!" Laudna claps and everyone wishes her well. Shulkyr handing over some more of the cookies. In case she needs to butter up Marwa for whatever she needs. Laudna parts from the group. Her quick power walking contrasts with everyone else's leisurely stroll.   The main group stop by the Golden Veil so Shulkyr can get their outfit. Including the veiled circlet that they plan to merge into their mask. The day is much lighter than the ones before. It's almost relaxing to slow down and just spend time together.   "You know, we probably should have asked Gurge if he had seen a sand dollar stone?" Orym quietly mumbles as they walk. Eyeing the back of their drow companion. Who's holding their basket of clothes they're hiding from the rest. Wanting the contents to be a surprise.   "What stone? Why?" Chetney waddles up beside the halfling who jumps,  "Uh oh. Right before we got involved with you Shulkyr got attacked. They had a really important stone, it looked like a sand dollar, and they kept it on their necklace. But after they got attacked the stone went missing. They've been missing it ever since." Orym quietly explains and the old gnome nods,  "Ok, explains the grim mood. Sand dollar stone on a necklace got it." With that Chetney races away much to Orym's confusion. Fearne is still latched onto Shulkyr. Just trying to keep a conversation going with them. Clocking a familiar potted plant hanging from their waist. By the time they end up slipping inside the Spire. Laudna arrives at Marwa's Trove.  Finding Marwa looking through a massive eyeglass. Carefully trying to tinker with something. Laudna sneaks over and leans uncomfortably close. "Whatcha doing?"  "Very careful work." Marwa whispers back unfazed by Laudna's presence   "Oh! I brought you a pastry." Laudna slowly lifts the pastry to Marwa's mouth. She leans over and slowly eats it. "It's a friendship pastry!" Laudna sings and Marwa nods. Just then there's a massive blaring noise and smoke. Marwa creatively curses up a storm. Shoving everything off the table.   "Hey you here to shop?! Or what are you doing?"  "I wanted to know if you found that blood bag thing." Marwa quickly pulls out the very bag Laudna is asking about.  "Yup! Three fifty gold."  "It wasn't that much yesterday!"  "Yeah it was!" Marwa smiles and brings out her book. Showing she's not lying about the price.  "Oh, ok I heard that wrong. My bad." Laudna hums and taps her fingers, "Ok, alright. I don't have that much in me. How about three hundred and I take some of your trash?"  "I don't have any trash."  "Lies look at this place." Laudna whispers and Marwa straightens,  "This place is filled with treasures!"  "Trash." Laudna hisses,  "Oh this friendship is going down real fast!" Marwa warns and Laudna beams,  "So that's what fazes you." Laudna giggles and claps her hands together. "Look, I'm not dissing trash. I like trash. I just need things for today."  "What do you need it for?"  "We're having a craft day." Laudna eagerly cooes and Marwa's eyes blow wide.  "Three hundred deal." Marwa swipes a bunch of glass orbs, bobbles, and bits into a bag. Handing it and the blood well vial to Laudna. The two make a deal where Laudna has to bring Marwa a pastry everytime she sees her. With that Marwa sends Laudna off. She's beaming as she races off to the Krook house with her trinkets.~•~
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  
  "Shulk, this doesn't feel safe." Orym mumbles watching the drow single handedly work the veiled circlet and heated metals. Including the oriental sabre they revealed they had. Having removed some of the gems.   "I know what I'm doing, Orym."  "Please burn yourself." Ashton watches with a smirk. Shulkyr snorts in response to that.   "Metal working and glass. Pretty unique combo you have here." Milo comments, having turned over some of their tools to Shulkyr. Deeply invested in helping them make- whatever it is they're going for. The others work on their masks as Laudna arrives. Dropping everything she brought onto the floor. Everyone works on their own projects. Milo and Shulkyr are sucked into their own little world while everyone fawns over the wood carved shop Chetney presents Dorian.   "I have wire. You think wire-?"  "Wire would work beautifully." Shulkyr smiles and Milo races off. While Chetney and Orym have a moment over the fact the halfling can carve wood.    Ashton works with scraps of leather and cloth. Making a mask resembling the Nightmare King. When the others notice what they've crafted. Ashton can't help grinning at them. "When a dog barks at me, I bark back louder."   Imogen looks down at her mask and keeps quietly cursing at it. While Laudna dresses up Paté. Fearne hums away as she crafts. F.C.G. basically pops on one of Milo's goggles. By the end everyone turns to the duo of tinkerers. Who are still curled over the flame. Little Mister assisting in melting whatever glass and metal they need.  "What are they doing?" Chetney leers trying to sneak a peek.   "Shit!" Milo shouts, jumping back as they cling to their hand.   "Fuck. Milo I wanted Shulk to get burned. Not you!" Ashton jokes while getting ice water for Milo. Shulkyr finishes their masks and blows. Taking one last look before dunking the finished product. It loudly hisses and bubbles as they pull back the finished item.  "I need to shine it, and put the veil back, but-" Shulkyr cleans the cooled off product. Before revealing to everyone. They all gasp seeing the mask. It's a hybrid work of iron and dark violet glass. When Shulkyr dawns it, it hides the entire upper half of their face. The shape of the mask is sharp, cold, and bird-like. Where the eyes holes would be. There is swirling violet and dark grey glass. Over the lethal depiction of a bird's visage. Veins of colored glass follow the lines of the mask. Spreading out in such a way it could resemble a spider. Copper and golden wire are entwined throughout the piece. Giving the illusion of feathers underneath it. The mask gives off an almost lethal aura.  "Once I shine it, and weave the veil back into place. It will hide my lower face and cover my head." Shulkyr hums and removes the piece.  "Shulkyr, it's really pretty- but it's also- it's really creepy." Imogen fumbles with how to word her feelings.   "It should be, it's a mask styled in honor of the Raven Queen. I will be presenting as I always have at such events- as a hand of death." Shulkyr gives a cold smile. It's the most threatening they've seemed. Ashton roars with a cackle.   "Wait, You've been to such events before?!" Chetney shouts as Shulkyr kneels. Working on shining the mask.  "Drow adore peacocking before their enemies. There isn't one who doesn't know how to flaunt themselves in a way meant to kill. Even if the enemies are their own." Shulkyr explains and finishes their haunting mask. Putting it away with the dress they've kept hidden.   "Shall we go to Lord Esterhross? Make sure everything is ready?" Orym gently checks in with everyone. Who all agree they should meet with the orc lord. Gathering their things, they thank Milo. Before heading off to Lord Esterhross manor. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Everyone arrives at the manor and are led straight to the orc lord's den. Where they find many chairs set out waiting for them. Along with Lord Esterhross who is waiting with his back to his fire. Everyone settles down and begins discussing what to do tomorrow. Lord Esterhross reveals he managed to get the entire party in. One as his own entourage and the rest as the party of another figure.   "So you need one of us to pretend to be a nobleman?" Shulkyr presses and Esterhross nods. All eyes turn on Dorian who straightens. The color and joy bleeding from his expression. The shift in his personality is blatant for everyone to see.   "Dorian would be the best right?" Everyone agrees, including the genasi. Though he can't help feeling a scolding gaze. When he glances he locks eyes with one dark green one. Shulkyr is staring intensely as they discuss.   "He doesn't have to be the one." Shulkyr speaks up part way through,  "He doesn't have to be, but he's already royalty." Chetney pipes up and the drow just blinks,  "And so I am. It doesn't have to be you, Dorian." They press their point. The air genasi has stiffened and everyone starts discussing it.  "It would be better to not have the one who looks like a bounty as our figurehead." Laudna agrees,  "But Shulkyr is pretty recognizable, especially with that scar. If we get caught doing something later. This will come back to bite us." Imogen speaks up about her paranoia. The others can't really deny that.  "But Dorian is also pretty recognizable." Orym counters,  "May I ask?" Lord Esterhross pipes up, hoping to help focus the group. "While Dorian has an alias, do you have one my dear?"  Shulkyr turns their grim look on the orc lord, "I already have quite a few from back home. I can use any of them."  "Okay, but-" Orym cuts in and shoots the hunter a gentle look, "-Would using any of those names bring trouble? You are here on the run." The halfling reminds the drow. Who takes a deep breath and rubs their remaining eye.   "All my names have baggage, if I use one. There's a chance of it, but I can deal with it if needed." Shulkyr vaguely reassures the group. Dorian swallows and let's their words settle.  "No." Dorian focuses on his breath and straightens up, "No, No. I can do this. Shulkyr- You are being hunted. You have enough to worry about. I can do this. For everyone." Dorian ends the conversation there. Turning to Esterhross he asks what spare clothes he has. Sorting through the articles everyone watches the air genasi deflate.   "You know I really think Shulkyr should do this! It suits them very well." Laudna presses getting a concerned look on her face.   "Why are you so suddenly against this Laudna? Something wrong?"  "I just don't want to cause any undue trauma." The ghoul presses and Dorian leaves with Lord Esterhross.   "Chetney." Shulkyr lowly growls, getting the old man to jump.  "What?!" The drow snatches the back of his shirt. Dragging him closer and leaning down.  "Follow him." The hunter orders,  "What- why? Is the old man unsafe?" Chetney pulls out his wood chisel.  "Just listen in, and collect anything either discard."   "Oh, oooh. Right, got it." Shulkyr drops the gnome who sneaks away. With his iconic little tapping noises.   "What name were you planning to use?"   "You already know the name." Shulkyr answers and that seems to confuse the group. Did Shulkyr use an alias before?  "Oh no fucking way." Ashton makes a face, "You were being serious?"   "Wait- serious about what?"  "Just to make sure I have this right. The name you gave Marwa? That was a real name." Orym speaks up and voices Ashton's suspicions.   "Partly." Before the group can dig into that. Dorian and Lord Esterhross return and settle down.  "Lord Esterhross." Shulkyr gets the orc lord's attention.  "Yes?"  "I will be going with a name as well." The drow announces and watches Dorian's reaction. He seems surprised and tries to hide it.  The orc pauses before giving a nod, "And which name would that be?"  "Zahmera of Den Leimond. Maiden of the Raven." The name and title roll of their tongue. The name is a mix of things they've said before. Causing even more confusion among the group. How much has the drow told them is real then? It could be either set of names really.   "A holy woman?"  "Wildmount is too harsh a home for even the blessed to afford softness." Silence fills the room as the pair stare down.  "Very well, I assume you will be accompanying Mr. Storm?" The orc asks and Shulkyr gives a silent nod.   "You don't have to." Dorian quietly tries to refute them and they turn their attention on him,  "Neither do you." They turn the chair next to them. Offering to let Dorian sit down. The genasi swallows thickly and takes the offered seat. Everyone takes the chance to form some kind of plan. Leading to quite a lot of bickering and back and forth.  "Ok so our teams are Dorian, Fearne, Orym, and Me. While Ashton, Chetney, F.C.G., and Laudna goes with Lord Esterhross. And we're having Shulk as a floater?" Imogen runs over their composition.  "That would be best. I'm using my priestess status. It would be easiest for me to shift from group to group. High enough to get in, not enough to actually catch anyone's interest. You can just explain that I was brought in by the Silken Squall. An important court death that needed religious oversight." Shulkyr easily formulates a lie. Which the rest agree to go with.  "Ashton." The drow chirps getting their attention,  "Hexum. Do we use your name?" Shulkyr parrots and everyone freezes. Right, shit. Ashton has ties to an upper class man.  "Oh fuck no, no. Use a fake."  "Aaron?" F.C.G. prompts and Ashton shakes their head,  "Aaron feels too close to Ashton." Laudna complains and the genasi shrugs,  "I was thinking Bennit?" Ashton makes a noise, "Aaron could work if it's easier for you guys."   "We really should pick one." Chetney pipes up from Shulkyr's side. Causing Dorian to jump from how rigid he is. Not having noticed the gnome slipping Shulkyr a very sparkling cream outfit and mask.  "Aaron. It's the one we'll remember after Marwa." Imogen jokes and Ashton groans. Shaking their head and dropping his head into their hand.  Things carry on like that for some time. Until everyone agrees to retire for the night. They all slowly leave except for Shulkyr. Who lingers behind until it's just them and the orc.  "I presume you have a request to make of me?" Lord Esterhross prompts and the drow hums,  "He was looking forward to this."  "I apologize."  "That doesn't fix it." There's a silence that follows. The pair staring one another down. Until Shulkyr breaks his gaze and leaves. Everyone heads to rest their heads. Except for Shulkyr who has collected their various items. Anger boiling in their veins. They have no other outlet. So they tinker and they mix chemicals and blood. Fiddling with glass when that fails them.   'We really should have a brawl soon. Your teeth are dry and nothing has ever ruined your mood like these balls.' For once, Thel'ador sounds sympathetic to their plight. Not that the hunter is surprised. He never liked these any better. Nothing brings the pair together like their hatred for balls and those who run them.~•~  The day comes where they all have to come to the ball. Everyone has prepared in their own way. When the party gathers at Lord Esterhross manor. They all gawk at the reveal of Shulkyr.   The drow has dawned a dark blue silken dress. It flows around their legs like water. Slitted up both sides it threatens to be promiscuous. Only Shulkyr has decorated their sides with silken ribbons and glass trinkets. It hugs their form in a flattering manner, but they notice Shulkyr's impressive muscle is shockingly hidden. It has grey sheer revealing their chest all the way down to their belly button. Rising around their neck in a close fitting neck. Decorated by the heavy black feather boa they have around their neck. Letting the long ends wrap around their forearms. That they've decorated with lacy gloves that reveal their nails. That they've painted and styled to dark, glittering points.   "Shulkyr, you look-." Imogen breathes at the drow who's already dawned their mask. The newly attached veil hides their lower face. The excess flowing behind them like a living shadow. More dark feathers lining their circlet. They look beautifully ominous and wonderfully regal.   "Gorgeous." Fearne breathes,  "Hauntingly beautiful!" Laudna sings and the boys seem torn,  "Well- that is something. Guess that's what the extra shopping was!" Chetney laughs, he may not like glass as much as wood. But he can acknowledge the craftsman's ship that's glittering over the entire outfit.  "Afraid so, I needed shoes and accessories to go with it." Shulkyr hums and reveals their mask. The silvery item surprised the group.  "Uh Shulk?"   "Someone can take it. It'll help you." The entire party seems shocked by the offer.  "Hey Birdie this smart?" Ashton is especially worried about this. Since they have some idea about what the mask can do.  "As long as it doesn't go too far. I can pull through. Ashton?" The drow offers it and the genasi swallows.  "Can't exactly put it on-"  "Thel'ador can help without being equipped."  "It bit me last time." Ashton deadpans, remembering how little the mask liked them.  "Sorry, it bit you?" Dorian pipes up and the mask crackles with lighting. Making everyone jump and stare.  "It's a magic item." Shulkyr explains and everyone goes wide eyed.  "Oh, ok. Um- Dorian, maybe you should have it? It suites your outfit really well." Fearne gently suggests even though she's obviously eyeing it. Probably considering snatching it.   "Either would work. Thel'ador can sweeten your words, help you hide, or increase your strength. It could help anyone really." Shulkyr presses and everyone hums,  "If it makes people stealthier maybe Chetney-?" The mask crackles at that. Trying to zap at the gnome who jumps with a shout.   "Maybe Dorian should have it? Make him more at ease?" Laudna happily suggests and Shulkyr tilts their head. It's eerie not being able to see their face.   "That sounds good to me." The drow rumbles and holds the mask out to him. "Don't bully him." Shulkyr orders as the genasi carefully takes it. Dorian looks confused when he feels a zap of magic.   'Wonderful, now I'm a babysitter.' The mask complains and Dorian yelps nearly dropping the mask,  "Oh it talks! Ok, the mask talks. Ashton why didn't you say the mask talks?!" Dorian panics even as he clips the mask to his hip.   "It bit me." Ashton just gives a lopsided grin and a shrug,  "Ok, we're all chatting about that later, yeah? Yeah?" Dorian looks desperate to confirm that and the drow walks to the carriage,  "I don't mind." Shulkyr confirms and helps Dorian straighten out his attire.  "Speaking of- will we have to worry about you. Wolfing up?" Orym asks suddenly and Shulkyr shakes their head. Reaching down into their thigh high. Pulling out a small wooden cartridge.   "What's that?" Chetney pipes up, suddenly very invested. Shulkyr flicks the top. Revealing the inside has some faintly glowing colored things. Something that looks like gems. Except when they move the box to let others have a better view. The color inside shifts- almost like maple syrup.   "Woah! What are those?" Fearne fawns and reaches for one,  "I wouldn't do that. They don't taste good, and they're painful." Shulkyr gently scolds the fawn and closes it. Reaching in and pulling out one of the pale blue ones.  "Wait, painful?"   "These are my mutagens." Shulkyr carries on, ignoring Imogen's question.  "Mutagens?" Laudna parrots the word,  "They're alchemic drugs made specifically for me. They're painful to ingest, but they do give me benefits in exchange. I discovered a long time ago there is one that helps me control my lycanthropy. Mostly by accident, it wasn't the intended purpose." Shulkyr explains putting the cartridge away and the party stares,  "And you haven't used that yet because?" Ashton questions and Shulkyr swallows,  "The ingredients aren't easy to get, it takes insane amounts of time, it grew less effective the more I used it, and the agony it puts me through is debilitating." Shulkyr explains and lifts the veil. Popping the drug into their mouth. Everyone's gasp as they watch the drow go rigid. Becoming a shaking and gasping mess. They watch blood veins start to glow along their skin. Pulsing and growing for a few more moments. The trembling drow goes for her flask. Taking a deep drink from it.   "Shulkyr, are you alright?" Orym steps forward and takes the drow's hand. Slowly the veins go down to a dim glow. Vaguely looking like tattoos now. The hunter slowly nods and takes deep breaths.  "I'm alright, I'll manage." Shulkyr promises and squeezes his hand.   "It'll keep the curse at bay, and I can cure myself. If I really need to turn." Shulkyr explains and nods to the carriages. "Let's go."   Everyone seems uneasy but they all do as told. The group's splitting to join Lord Esterhross. Shulkyr decides to join Dorian's group. Settling against the wall and resting. It earns them a lot of concerned looks. Imogen takes their spare hand. Giving a gentle squeeze to their hand. After a moment the huntress returns it.   Each group chatters about what to do. Trying to formulate some ideas about what to do. Practicing some plans like using Imogen's psychic power to remove the ring. Ultimately deciding to hand the tracker ring over to Orym. While letting the others do what they can. Shulkyr quietly takes note and offers their aid wherever they may need it. But otherwise they remain mostly quiet. The other group runs what they can and can't do with Lord Esterhross.  "I am grateful for all your determination." The orc lord nods to the group, "perhaps after this. I can request a favor?"  ",Of course, what would you need? Another series of murders? The Brumestone Conspiracy?" Laudna perks up and the orc shakes his head,  "I am afraid not. My home was broken into last night." Everyone straightens up in shock,  "Shit, do you need us to rock some heads?"  "Not quite. I assumed you would like to know. Considering the culprit was a bipedal wolf figure. I do remember you all asking about a werewolf, previously." Lord Esterhross explains and everyone goes quiet. Glancing between each other nervously.   "Those fucking cookies." Ashton hisses and Laudna falls into cackling laughter,  "Shulk, are you eating more cookies?" Imogen whispers and the drow drops their veil,  "-...No?" 
  
    Chapter Text
    
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  Everyone arrives at the hall and takes their time. Each removing anything they don't confidently believe they could sneak in. Shulkyr reaches under their dress. Pulling out a familiar Oriental sabre. The fawn gasps when they hand it to her.  "Oh, you~!" Fearne seems giddy at the prospect the drow has joined in her and Ashton's 'game'. She gratefully takes it and hides it up in her massive poofy dress. Before linking arms with Dorian.  Shulkyr just gives a small nod, their smile hidden beneath their veil, "Dorian." The huntress catches the duo before they leave. His already rigid form somehow manages to stiffen. Stopping Dorian turns to them, giving Shulkyr his full attention.  "Yes?" His voice cracks as he panics staring at the ominous hunter. He really wishes that their mask had eyes. It would give him something to focus on. Shulkyr steps forward and puts a hand on his shoulder.   "Breath Dorian-" Their hand moves from his shoulder to his chin. Gently lifting his head. "-You can wear the mask for a night. It's just one night. Bronté is just for the night." Dorian blinks and does as told. Focusing on his breathing and soothing the thudding in his chest. Finding it's easier to tame with gentle encouragements.  "It's just for tonight-" He agrees,  "Like a performance." Orym joins in and smiles,  "-It's a performance. It's a performance just for tonight. I can do a performance. Right?" Dorian checks over his group who all smile and nod,  "Let's put on a show." Shulkyr releases Dorian and gets him and Fearne moving with gentle hands on the smalls of their backs. Encouraging them to leave the carriage first.  They step out before a grand hall. Dignitaries and merchants flooding into the space. The duo of Fearne and Dorian approach the guards manning the entrance. Flanked by Imogen and Orym. While Shulkyr lingers nearby. Much to everyone's relief. Shulkyr sticks close enough to be tied to them, but also giving the impression they aren't as intimately part of the group.   Fearne takes the lead introducing herself. Before Dorian cuts in and says this group will be under his name. It takes some chatting, but he manages to get Bertrand's sword past the guardsmen. Insisting that it's a useless heirloom. That he's not even sure it can be removed from the sheath. They don't check under Fearne's dress, but they thoroughly look over Orym. Not finding anything on the little halfing. The guards give the entire group the green light.  So they begin to enter and Shulkyr approaches them. The guards going rigid as a breeze causes all their glass trinkets to chime. The veil and dress shift as the drow silently acknowledges the men. Their stature and presence, undeniable. "And you are Mrs-?"  "Oh! Yes, this is- Lady Zahmera of Den Leimond. Maiden of the Raven. My home is currently housing the priestess due to a recent loss." Dorian quickly uses the lie that Shulkyr had formed. Spinning on his heel to not leave them behind. That causes the guards to slowly nod.  "I see- And you brought a matron of death to the ball?" One seems suspicious and semi-uncomfortable with that prospect. His hand tightening on his spear.  "Yes, yes, I know it's unconventional to bring someone of omen to such an event. But I figured we were both bearing a burden, and being run to the bone. The least that can be done is to let us have one good night. Besides, you won't deny a lady of the Raven entry?" Dorian fibs artfully, his tone implying an almost smug sound. After a moment the guards nod to him. Letting Shulkyr pass into the hall.   Lord Esterhross party follows after the others. The experienced lord gets his people in with little issue. Ashton, unfortunately, couldn't get anything in. Very few of them could get anything in actually. So the nerves from being unarmed gnaws at them. As they step into the venue.  The interior is a gorgeous hall. Colored in golden lighting filled with glittering and glamorous decorations. People dressed in similarly glorious attire. The announcer asks for Dorian's title. Announcing him as Bronté Secondsun Wyrmwind of the Silken Squall. That earns some curious looks. As those present check out the new faces. When Lord Esterhross is announced even more heads spin. The crowd openly shocked by his appearance.  "Who the fuck are you?" Ashton whispers and the Lord hums,  They all slip into the hall taking on different sides. Dorian's group are approached almost immediately. While Lord Esterhross is given a wide berth. Orym is introduced as Dorian's bodyguard. While Imogen gets passed as a servant. Much to her annoyance.  Lord Preston, as he introduces himself, keeps trying to tune out Dorian. His focus is pinned entirely on Fearne. Who is bathing in his attention, at least she appears to be. The group can't really tell with her. They manage to use his attraction to milk information out of him. Being directed to look at a well aged halfing. Lord Preston reveals him as the voice of the Quorum, Gavis Aranda. The group keeps getting directed towards important figures. During this meet and greet. Two of their group stiffen upon noticing two different things.  The announcer speaks up and they all turn to see General Ratanish the leader of the Paragon's Call and his guard. They look like they are powerful warriors. Dressed in armor and spines and marks of battle. The leader, a massive Goliath with a red and grey braid. Seems to be the only one to put the bare minimum effort into his appearance. Orym takes their appearance as a chance to whisper to Dorian. Pointing out a white tuxedoed figure in the distance.   "I think that's your brother." Orym reveals and Dorian spins. Seeing Cyrus dressed up in the distance.  "Is he stupid?!" Imogen whispers, panicked and wide eyed.   "What is he doing?!" The group quietly panics as another figure is announced. The target of the night. Lord Armand Treshi, and a surprise companion, Lady Emoth Kade. The eerie woman catches the eye of Ashton and Shulkyr. Both catching on to something being- off.  Shulkyr gets Imogen's attention with a gentle touch. Simply brushing her hand with their knuckles. The other woman jumps and reaches into their mind.  'Yeah? Did you see something?'  'No, no, but I'm suspicious. I'm going to break from the group. But you'll always be able to spot me.' Shulkyr mentally answers, sniffing from underneath the mask. Their long ears twitch and shift as they investigate using their other senses.   'Oh, ok. Um- Shulk, I'm sorry I just- I have to ask.' Imogen is nervously playing with her sleeves. Feeling a curious prod in her mind. Shulkyr physically answers with a tilt of their head.  'Can you see through that mask? Or are you using your wolf senses? Can you still do that? With the mutagen thing you took? Speaking of- is it still hurting? Are you alright?' Imogen fires off more questions as F.C.G. joins them. Getting the attention of the halfling lord.  'Yes I can, yes I am, and my mutagen helps me restrain it not stop it. It could still fail if I got angry enough. It hurts- It hurts- It. It hurts but I can manage.' Shulkyr tilts their head at just the right angle. The two pieces where their eyes would be, glitter as a result. The look while hidden does get the intensity across. Imogen nods and Shulkyr parts from the group. Trying to pin down where that woman had gone. Discovering she's now talking to the white tuxed figure.  Dorian catches sight of Shulkyr slipping from them. The movement causes a stone to drop in his stomach. He struggles to catch Imogen's eye. When he finally does his frantic thoughts come through.
    'Where's Shulkyr going? What's happening? Should we go?' 
  'No, no. Shulk saw something and is breaking. They told us to be careful. It's ok. It'll be ok.' Imogen explains as their werewolf goes hunting. Dorian nods and takes a deep breath. Blocking Imogen out so he can have the privacy to repeat what Shulkyr had told him. It's just a performance, just for the night. He can do one night.   'You'll manage finch, remember about the name being a mask. It got my pup through every one of these balls. It'll serve you too.' The mask advises and startles Dorian.   'Right, you're alive. You are magic. But- But you're right. I can do this.' Dorian focuses on his breath and nods, 'Also finch?'
    'Of course I'm right. I've lived long enough to know these things, and is something wrong with finches?'
  'No, no. I just- they're yellow and red I was expecting something like. Bluejay or just generic songbird. Anyways, You are very proud it's oddly reassuring.' Dorian feels a rumble in his mind. Is that what is like when this mask laughs? Is it a laugh?  'I like you little bird. More than the other genasi at least. No, you remind of blue finches. I used to have one. Before that damn snake ate it.' The mask laments and Dorian flusters. Collecting himself and taking the lead. "Alright, let's do this."  From there the ball turns into a flurry of events. Both Ashton and Shulkyr manage to find their target. Unintentionally circling her together and flanking her. Ashton gets to her first and tries to chat her up before getting ignored. The lady makes to leave just as Shulkyr arrives. Their strides quickened as they scented something eerily familiar. Appearing before Lady Emoth with more aggression than they probably would have intended. Their veins faintly glow as their mutagen struggles against their rising instincts. The duo silently stand there for a moment.  Lady Emoth stops and lifts her head. Trying to lock eyes in vain with the drow. "A lady of the Raven?" Lady Emoth seems surprised and also uncomfortable with Shulkyr's appearance. Her eyes glancing back to genasi behind her. Supsicious lacing her features.  "I was summoned to the hall for a purpose. Considering the recent insecurity." Shulkyr lies through their teeth, but Lady Emoth is already on edge. Scanning the drow and taking in the hidden muscle. Noting the faintly glowing veins. They may have no visible weapons, but Shulkyr can't help their physical presence.  "Noted, but I have no need for your services grave keeper. I would recommend you invest your attention in Lady Lumas. She's recently lost her twins." Lady Emoth brushes Shulkyr off. Who flares their nose as she passes them, and has to do everything in their power not to grab her. The woman disappears into the crowd a moment later. Leaving Shulkyr and Ashton alone together at the edge of the ball. The tension slowly leaking away as they indulge in one another's presence for a bit.  "Hey." Ashton nods to Shulkyr who focuses on them. Breaking the ice and getting them to close the gap.  "What got yours?" Ashton prompts and Shulkyr nods. Taking the glass Ashton offers them.  "I could ask the same. It's hard- focusing on reading people with the pain." Shulkyr quietly rumbles, simply holding the liquor.   "I know someone who's waiting for a signal when I see it. You?"   "I just wanted to see who Armand keeps with him. But she-" Shulkyr shudders and lets out a low familiar sound. That growl is one Ashton recognizes. They used that growl when the gnome woman at the theater enraged them. That confirms Ashton's instincts that something is wrong with the noblewoman.  "She smells." Ashton nearly chokes at the admission. Smirking under his mask at Shulkyr.   "Cologne too strong?" Ashton jokes and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "It's- It's familiar. Old, earthy, moldy, and twisted. It's not rot, not quite undead, but-. I know that smell." Shulkyr is having trouble placing it however. The pain from their mutagen makes connecting the pieces hard. The scorching in their veins and the feverish feeling. The pulsing behind their eyes. It's all so much that focusing on anything other than the pain is a feat really.  "Light?" Ashton asks, tapping beside their good eye. Noticing the tension in Shulkyr. They know the light gives them headaches. They know that drug hurts. Maybe the combination is too much?  "No. For once, it's alright. Milo helped me use a technique to darken the glass to block light. It's nice. It's the mutagen and stress." Shulkyr seems actually quite happy with that.  "Damn, go Milo." Ashton is proud that Milo could aid Shulkyr like that. Though he can't help but winder. Did Milo teach Shulkyr something new, or did they help them achieve something that had attempted before? Either way, Ashton's happy it worked out. Though that makes them a bit more concerned about that drug Shulkyr took. What had they called it- a mutagen?  While Ashton mentally tucks that away. They continue to quietly chatter with Shulkyr. The two of them are struggling to track Lady Emoth. Who has vanished in the sea of bodies by now. Much to both of their annoyance.   "Just remember the smell I guess. Once you can lay down and get that shit out of your system. You'll be able to place it. You're good at this kinda shit. I mean- you figured out Gurge way before the rest of us." Ashton reassures them and Shulkyr appreciates it. Though they don't manage to voice it. Choosing to focus on something more light hearted. Yet tangentially related to the conversation. It's nice, being able to think so freely. Maybe they should give Thel'ador away more often?  "Nightmare King mask by the way? Really?" Shulkyr mutters, smirking under their veil, finally acknowledging the taunt Ashton is literally wearing. The genasi straightens up with pride.  "If a dog barks at me, I bark back louder." Ashton just parrots their statement from the day before,  Shulkyr doesn't know what they were expecting. Beaming under their veil a new sound escapes them. It's a low, powerful rumble similar to their displeased snarling, but resembles a chuckle in its tone. Ashton is now beaming under his own mask. Pride sparking in their chest at earning such a sound. They had half expected a lecture at being too bold, or putting the party at risk. But this- now this is a hundred times better.  "Good, someone needs to rock the boat. Give Dorian room to breathe." Shulkyr purrs and that gets a nod from Ashton.  "How is he holding up by the way?" They search for the other genasi. Spotting him and Fearne as some music starts.   "He's crushed, I don't have a clue how to fix it." Shulkyr sighs, their gaze unable to be tracked. Though those who earn their gaze do feel a searing feeling from it. Moving out of their way without quite realizing who their moving out of the way of. Much to Ashton's amusement.  "Yeah, fuck- uh." Ashton tries to think before something comes to mind,  "He really wanted a pearl necklace. Think that would cheer him up?" The genasi asks, now eyeing the noblemen's jewelry. Including the long necklaces of flawless pearls.   "He wants pearls?" Shulkyr seems amused and suddenly highly focused. Now having a task of their own. Something much simpler than putting together the pieces of a giant political conspiracy. Something- mischievous even.  "He mentioned it." Ashton grunts wondering just what's going through the drow's head. They have seemed oddly happier ever since their episode at Marwa's. Honestly, the group really should find the time to sit down and talk about everything. With all the loose ends hanging around. Shulkyr seems to need it.  "Noted. I'm going hunting." Shulkyr announces handing the genasi the untouched drink,  Ashton gives a low whistle as Shulkyr starts to part from them, "Have fun pearl diving."   The huntress almost stumbles and pauses. Shaking with barely restrained laughter. Before recovering and vanishing into the crowd. That earns more amusement from the genasi. While also piquing their curiosity. They'll have to corner Shulkyr later to ask what that reaction was. For now, Ashton focuses back on their task.   During this the group of Dorian, Fearne, Orym, and Imogen are panicking. Whispering angrily as they bicker about what to do. Making a plan only for it to crumble instantly. The rising tension and stress breaking down any communication. Before they know it Fearne and Dorian are swept onto the dance floor. Trying their best to get someone interacting with Lord Armand. Fearne gets stopped by a very persistent Lord Preston. While Dorian is swept up by another stranger.   Imogen tries to stick to their original plan. Using her ability to softly pull the ring of Armand's hand. Just trying to loosen the jewelry. Unfortunately, she watches the Lord adjust his ring. Ruining all of her hard work as Lord Preston spins Fearne. Sending the twirling fawn into the arms of Lord Armand. Who is instantly distrusting of her. Though he does manage to hide it expertly from the fawn.   He doesn't manage to hide it from Imogen however. Who's already, discreetly, prying into his mind. Informing Fearne of his reactions to anything she says. Things quickly go south as Lord Armand starts to ignore Fearne. Getting ready to spin her away and into the arms of another, Gavis. At the fawn's request. When he spins her, Fearne takes the chance to 'accidentally' pull off his ring. The ring yanks off, though she manages to make it appear unintentional. Causing Armand to grunt and hold his hand. The light pain distracts him as Fearne starts to dance with Lord Gavis.  Orym, F.C.G. and Imogen all dive into the chaos. Dorian panics as it all happens and he goes to trade partners. Unable to break entirely from the dance. Though he does manage to kick the ring aside much to Lord Armand's irritation. Orym follows suit as Dorian fails to distract the dwarven man. Trying to direct him the other way so someone can grab the ring. Only the Lord sees through him. Shoving the halfling out of the way to continue searching for his ring. Which is getting kicked and lost in the crowd. F.C.G. manages to get the ring and continue rolling along. No one noticing what the small robot has in their grip.  Dorian is panicking and acting without thinking at this point. Managing to lock eyes with Fearne. He tosses her the tracker ring he had taken from Orym. The fawn stumbles as she barely catches it. Catching everyone's attention as she smiles.  "He just proposed." She lies easily and her dance partner jumps. People stumble and start to confusingly congratulate her. While the fawn nearly storms off the dance floor. Passing Imogen and slipping her the tracker ring.  Leading to the physic pretending to excitingly find the ring. 'Returning' it to Lord Armand. Who snatches it back and shoots a glare at Fearne.  "You are a terrible dancer." He hisses and a nobleman makes a face,  "Lord Armand, easy, she just got engaged." The stranger scolds earning a snort from the lord. The chaos of the dance keeps eyes off the pair of mischievous hands. One set is sneaking through the crowd. Using their presence to keep anyone from speaking to them, but keeping themself down to get close. Looting whatever sparkling piece catches their eye.   The second set of hands is tracking Lady Emoth at Ashton's request. After the genasi not only clocked her, but a familiar white tuxed air genasi with her. Leading to the gnome trailing the elven woman after failing to keep Cyrus out of trouble. Much to the tiny werewolf's irritation.  Currently invisible, Chetney manages to follow her to a door leaving the ballroom. He gets passed the first two guards. Losing sight of Lady Emoth for a time. While searching for her. The sneaky gnome has a very close call with another set of guards. Getting the distraction he needs to slip away when another voice calls out. Asking for where the bathroom is and getting their attention.   Chetney sniffs and follows an earthy, moldy scent down the hall. Tracking it to one of the doors. He listens against the door. Hearing the grinding of- metal on metal? Confused, Chetney reaches up for the handle. Carefully trying to open it and peek inside. Halfway the hinges give the faintest creak. The grinding stops and Chetney steps back. Just as Lady Emoth's face appears in the crack. This close Chetney gets a big sniff of that powerful cologne and that odd smell. Along with a close up of the elven woman, who's gone pale and is sweating violently.   She is heaving and pulls back, closing the door. Locking it with a loud click afterwards. Chetney has to use everything in him not to curse. Making his way back into the ball. The gnome walks in on quite the scene. ~•~  The dance had started to wind down and the group was regrouping. Drawing the attention of everyone who had been following them. Including the attention of Vali Dertrana. Who went rigid upon locking eyes with a masked Ashton. The genasi, true to their word, stepped forward and bowed dramatically to the commissioner. Rocking the boat and sending the elven man running.  Both Ashton and Laudna track him. Fearne reaching them a moment after. The trio watch the small elf run to none other than General Ratanish. Which causes Laudna to wince. Fearne taps Ashton's side and asks him to open their coat. He does and Fearne slips him the orimental sabre.  "When-?" Ashton had clocked that Shulkyr had the sabre during craft day. They had assumed Fearne had handed it over. Since she seems very partial to the drow's request.  "Shulk decided to play with us." The fawn sings and Ashton smirks. When did they manage that? Laudna elbows an amused Ashton while watching Vali point at them.  "Bad?" Ashton prompts and the ghoulish woman nervously strokes her fox pelt,  "Yes, Ratanish, great dancer, very perceptive. Figured me out quickly." Laudna reveals what she's been up too. Suprising Ashton as Fearne turns her attention on Vali.  "He knows you were fishing?" Ashton asks, as he keeps track of the general. Not a difficult feat. Since the goliath is striding directly towards them. Locking eyes with the masked genasi.  "Maybe? But he knows about my 'state of health'. Apparently our Shulk isn't the only follower of the Raven Queen here." The ghoul explains,  "Shit." Laudna and Fearne step away from Ashton to continue tracking Vali. Wanting to see who else the little rat runs too. While Ratanish makes it to Ashton. Towering over the genasi. Though that doesn't make them back down. Eyes turn their way when Ratanish rips off the genasi's mask. Earning a slap from Ashton. The general grins slowly at that and chuckles.  "Oh, I like you." Ratanish growls before returning the slap. That gets most everyone around them to narrow in on them. The excitement grows at the prospect of a possible fight. The eagerness getting the attention of the rest of their group. Orym and Shulkyr don't hesitate to approach the pair.  Before anyone manages to interenve the two agree to a fight. Ratanish starts to force Ashton outside with a heavy hand on their bad shoulder. Earning them a grunt as pain shoots through them. Ashton is quick to slap Ratanish's hand off them. Walking the rest of the way out on their own. Starting to remove their things with F.C.G. rolling up beside them. Taking their folded coat and the sabre hidden inside. They hand it off to the robot. Who uses some magic to discreetly aid Ashton. Promising to be his second man, no matter what.  Chetney finally catches someone. Pinching Orym as he trails the duo to get his attention. Stammering to explain what he had witnessed. While Shulkyr uses their full stance. Getting people to move out of their way. Lord Esterhross gets the party to follow after Ashton. Dorian is hyperventilating at this point. Desperately trying to keep himself together.  Everything is falling apart, and he's using his family name! His brother is here! At the ball! Ashton might die! Everyone's eyes are on them and his hands are tied-!  'Breathe little bird, if you break down like this things will only get worse.' Thel'ador pipes up and magic rushes the genasi. Soothing his nerves and steadying his rolling stomach.  'Hold your head up, adjust your mask, and focus on your goal. Your pack can do this, as chaotic as it's been, you've all done so well. Keep adapting, keep reacting, keep your head steady. The nights almost over.' The spirit reassures Dorian and steadies his stride. Getting the bard to follow after the chaos.   The only one not going after Ashton is Chetney. Who has gone on a panicked hunt for Cyrus. Not wanting to let down Dorian. Though he would never admit that outloud. He slips back into the ominous hallway. Checking the bathrooms the cursing gnome searches for the genasi. Not finding him in the room. Chetney remembers the voice that had helped him. Recalling it sounded like the older genasi. He takes his chance to check that eerie room again. Picking the locked door and slipping inside.   Cyrus was talking to Lady Emoth. Maybe they're in this room? Chetney manages to find something in this room. But it isn't Cyrus or Lady Emoth. Small cloaked figures, smaller than even himself, are sacking the place. Looting papers and items without care. Chetney gets a good view of the crooked, snarling creature when it turns. There are some loud steps as a crooked black eyed version of Lady Emoth emerges from a side room. Looking downright monstrous as she communicates to the wretched creatures. Getting them to crawl into the side room.   Chetney watches Lady Emoth and crack and convulse. Taking back on her normal looking state. The elven woman collects herself and leaves the room. Chetney carefully follows after her. Confused about what he just witnessed. What is going on?!
  
    Chapter Text
    
   Shulkyr's P.O.V. 
  I'm striding through the crowd of people. Who duck out of my way as we make it outside. I know I praised them for rocking the boat, but I hope they didn't bite off more than they can chew. Shit, why didn't I poison Ratanish after he arrived? The vials of poison and healing lining the inside of my boots feel cold against my feverish skin. Taunting how I had ignored them until now. Having focused too much on amassing the pearls of various sizes and shapes in my hidden pouch. Along with anything else of note I could get away with.  Reaching into my boot, I flick open my cartridge and snag a faintly glowing red drug. Focusing on the searing in my system. I start the process of flushing out my mutagen. Knowing very well this could cause me to transform midstride. But I need the pain gone so I can think.  The crowd roars and my ears perk. The sound of bones cracking hits me and I start shoving. Flushing the mutagen by the time I smell blood. During the panic, I feel something wet fill my hand. One glance shows I broke the fragile shell of the mutagen. Cursing quietly, I listen to the crowd react as I start to make it to the front. Finally able to see Ratanish's towering form. Where is everyone else? Are they supporting Ashton? Is anyone doing anything?!  "The nobody has gotten into quite a bit of trouble." I'm stopped by an unknown voice. Just as Ratanish dashes forward, and the sound of combat fills my ears. Tearing my eyes away, I find an older looking elven woman with auburn hair. She's watching from afar and seems oddly amused by the situation. Not blood thirsty per say, but there is something malicious in it.   She turns her head and smiles at me. "I do hope they'll be well. They still have quite a debt." With that the woman leaves and I stare after her. Flaring my nose and taking in her scent. Barely managing to sort it from the crowd. Which roars and draws my attention back to the fight.   Ashton. I need to help Ashton. If only to make sure this duel doesn't go too far. Passing some figures, I scent, now clear headed. Clocking just how everyone smells. I bypass Vali, Gavis, Lord Armand, and countless others. Using my nose I find my way to Lord Esterhross.   "How bad is it?" The orc lord makes room for me. His presence manages to make space for us. Nevermind my own which has gone beyond my control. With people side-stepping to get out of my way. Almost cowering away from the two of us.   "They are holding their own, but it appears their magic is unavailable to them. Ratanish, however, appears to have magic of his own." I watch Ashton land a kick as the general drops. Knocking a leg out from under them. Ratanish grabs the back of their head mid-fall. Cracking it over his shoulder. Ashton stumbles forward and Ratanish tries to grab at him again. Ashton barely dodges it by simply falling forward. My eyes pin on the general's stance. There's something refined about that style.  "Son of a bitch." I don't know quite enough about the cobalt soul. But I fought alongside them once. I can't tell if it's their style per say. But something about it is- familiar. At the very least, he has to have had similar training.   Ratanish wails on Ashton using a pillar to jump. Getting a kick right across their face. Before coming down with a hammerblow. Even from here, I can see the flashing of their magic. People are whispering and placing bets. Some become concerned due to the shifting lights.  "Can't we stop it?" I hiss and Eshteross shakes his head,  "Not at this rate, it would only rouse suspicion. Though you are here as a holy woman. Perhaps-" The orc lord is thinking and I watch the two fight.   Ashton is alive right now. There's a grin on both their bloodied faces. Laughter and energy radiating off the pair. Despite what's happening they couldn't look happier. I find my mouth twitching to life. Revealing fangs from under my veil. Fixated on the brawl, I step away from Esterhross.  "This is dangerous." The orc warns and I shrug,  "That's the nature of things, but these are my people. I don't abandon my people." Following the fight, I manage to get close to the chaos. Having fought my way to the front. Taking another step causes a hand to shoot out. Belonging to one of the warriors who came with Ratanish. Some masked minotaur who's keeping a barrier between the fight and the crowd.  "No tampering." He growls just as I watch Ashton be dragged into the stone. It's brutal to watch as they're dragged and they seem ok. Until I watch fire lick at them and their eyes roll back. Ashton's form going limp in Ratanish grasp. Who releases him ready to throw another blow before realizing what's happened.  "Ah- disappointing. I had expected more." The general grunts and I let out a low growl. How dare-?!  "It's over. This is no tampering. Now- Move." Snarling, I shove past him as Ratanish picks up Ashton. Throwing him to another guard. Before going on about how impressive his display was. Selling the Paragon's Call to the nobles. However, I couldn't care less.   As for a moment, I see a faint gold string manifest. Wrapped around Ashton's body and heart. It's golden glow flickers in a familiar way, dimming, fraying. Dread strikes through me like a blade. Shoving away any hands that try to grab me. Words barely manage through the pounding in my ears. Not again-  "Enough!" Snapping, I storm over just as F.C.G. reach them. "You have proved your point Ratanish! Release them!" I watch F.C.G. bring Ashton back to life. Their flickering string goes back to a solid glow. Before slowly fading back to where I cannot see it. Warm relief replaces the cold dread. Though my heart doesn't stop hammering. The goliath turns and seems surprised by me.   "It is no great feat beating a random man to near death!" I scold his display and shove the guards off Ashton. Getting them down on the ground. Letting them catch their breath. The looks they shoot me are searing. If it weren't for this mask, they'd get the same. F.C.G. remains by our side. After a moment, the general gives a nod and bows to me.  "My apologies my lady, I had gotten carried away. Random man he may be, but he did very well." The general apologizes and even praises Ashton. Likely saying it to assuage my rage rather than actually meaning it.   Rather than dignify his apology with a response I attend to Ashton. Magic pulsing in my veins freely in place of the pain. Gently rushing the genasi's system. Manifesting as a gentle silverish fog. That sinks into their wounds, turning into a silver thread, and gently stitching their injuries shut. The crowd starts leaving, chattering to their heart's content. Making theories and sharing rumors and collecting their bets.  Ashton groans and blinks as they come back. Muttering father and getting some attention. They had probably intended to sow their own rumors, but it falls through as it turns into a shot at their pride. At least I know they're ok. Seeing as they can make a joke. Chuckling, I gently pat their good shoulder. Not wanting to touch their head too much with how hard Ratanish went for it.  "You'll get his attention eventually, you did better than last time." I praise and watch them pause. Starting to whisper between each other.  'Did she-?' 'Does Ratanish have a love child?' 'No way, maybe they mean-?!' It continues on as they bicker. Whether or not we're referring to Ratanish, or another nobleman in the crowd. Which is probably even better than what Ashton was hoping for. If their lopsided grin and laughter is anything to go by.  "Fun?" Ashton, still dazed, blinks at me and gives a dopey nod,  "The most I've had in a while. Thanks for having my back." Ashton gives another weak laugh and I nod.  "That's how this group works. If we can convince someone the tower is haunted. We can convince everyone you're a love child. It'll be fun." We chuckle as F.C.G. checks in with Ashton. Asking them how many fingers they have. Though apparently neither of them actually know the answer.   Smiling despite myself, I help Ashton to their feet. Letting their bulking weight lean on me. When Dorian comes with a practiced smile. Looking pretty well put together for how panicked he smells.   "Young man, I have to say! You did mighty well! I have to give my congratulations for putting up such a display." Dorian shakes Ashton's hand and this close I can see his magic flicker. The gentle breeze helps close the cuts and ease the bruises. Making up for my own lack of healing ability. He leans in kissing Ashton's cheek.  "We need you." My ear flicks at that, but I don't acknowledge it otherwise. Dorian pulls away and I stroke Ashton's arm.  "My clothes are fucked. Shame." Ashton looks genuinely disappointed. They did seem to really like the Krynn style. Maybe I should ask my old boss to get something for Ashton? He knows a Krynn doesn't he?  "Laudna can mend them." I reassure them for now and they give me a look. Pausing, I admire them in all their bloodied giddy glory. Something fond and warm fills my chest as they beam at me. This picture reminds me of something. My mind hazes as voices whisper from somewhere far away. Trying to pull me into something. Rather than linger on the memory. I focus on helping Ashton stay on his feet.   "Can you go back inside?" F.C.G. questions and Ashton laughs,  "Oh fuck no!" They laugh and I see three figures start approaching us. If they weren't obvious to place. Their smell marks them as the guard that had tried to stop me, and the two Ratanish had thrown Ashton too. Straightening, I shift Ashton to the side. Putting myself between them and the injured genasi.   "Ratanish wishes to speak with him." The minotaur explains, already glaring at me, and I lift my head. Tilting my head slowly in response.  "So he can try and end them again?" My voice is cold as I earn a glare,  "He already apologized." The bull man huffs,  "Actions speak louder than words, I'm afraid."   "And no offense, I'm fucked. Also I can't see." Ashton groans and the minotaur pulls out a cloth. Roughly rubbing Ashton's face and making to grab them.  "Ratanish is waiting-" Snatching their wrist I stop their hand. Having to tap into my lycanthropy to hold him.   "They can walk." Shoving the hand away. I feel Ashton rests more of their weight against me. Gently leading them along. I keep them steady and out of the Paragon's grasp.  "Fuck, alright- alright let's go. Hope you don't mind being a crutch."  "I've been worse for worse." I gently answer them as we are escorted by the Paragon's Call. I keep trying to clock everyone. Hoping they manage to hold themselves.   Eyes flick to us as we carry through the hall. I manage to spot Laudna, all alone, and Lord Esterhross who's ever a beacon. I debate using another heal on Ashton. But I can only cast one more spell today. Should something happen, I will need it. Maybe I can get Dorian-? Ashton gently bumps me and my attention snaps to a table in front of us.  Ratanish is surrounded and being talked to, or rather he's being talked at. Seeing as he couldn't seem more disinterested. Ashton did manage to visibly bloody him, an impressive feat. One the general seems to refuse to acknowledge. Much to my aggravation. Once Ratanish notices our approach. He brightens and I pull out a chair for Ashton. Keeping vigil beside them.   "Ah, I was wondering what happened. Are you so unwell that our lady is concerned with your well-being?" Ratanish questions giving me a nod,  "You very nearly killed them, Ratanish. That would not have gone over well here. Especially with all the grief already going around." The General pauses upon my words. Staring at me intensely as I remove my hands from Ashton. Keeping them on their chair to have something to grip.   "You have my sincere apologies, my matron." Ratanish apologies to me again before focusing back on Ashton. Beginning what can only be described as an interrogation. Ratanish questions Ashton about the mask. Keeping quiet, I watch Ashton work his magic. While I flare my nose and remember all their scents.   Discovering this close and clear headed. Some of them share an underlying smell. Something wild and familiar. Chetney smells like that doesn't he? For a moment, I worry they'll recognize what I am. But didn't Chetney fail to recognize me? Chetney said I smell different so I should be fine, right?  The guards keep their eyes on me. Especially the aggravated minotaur. Honestly, you could cut the tension with a toothpick right now. Only the genasi and goliath don't seem to notice, or acknowledge it.   Ashton and Ratanish are meeting one another on an even ground. The genasi manages to keep steady somehow. During that fight, some kind of warrior bond must have formed between them. Perhaps I would have noticed. If I hadn't been so focused on their fraying thread. Ashton uses every ounce of rough and tumble charm they have. Not bothering to hide their near blissful state. Somehow ending the interaction with a laugh.   Ratanish lets us leave with Ashton's pride intact. Along with a proposition for the genasi to join the Paragon's Call. That annoys me more than it should as they get to their feet. Not getting their mask back, unfortunately.  "You mind sticking around? He fucked up my ribs something fierce, and I don't think anyone else here has healing." Humming, I give a nod to the genasi.  "Your thread almost snapped. I wouldn't leave if you wanted me to." Ashton and I make our way through the ball. All while being watched by Ratanish and his men. Along with anyone else who feels like being nosey.  Avoiding any more confrontation until we meet back up with Fearne and F.C.G. Fearne checks in with Ashton. While I get their coat from Grass. Giving it to Ashton and helping them dress. Covering up the revealed and bruised skin. Ignoring the burgundy substance that's leaking from their cracks and smearing on my arms and dress. All while being careful to keep the oriental sabre they somehow acquired hidden.   Fearne reports on what Imogen and Chetney found. Including that Dorian's brother was here. "Idiot." I mutter and Ashton snorts, "Stupid."  "I know right? Anyways he followed the lady that came with Lord Treshi." Fearne struggles to explain it. Reporting that Chetney saw Lady Emoth looting a room. Joined by small creepy creatures. Transformed into an ominous form. Pale, black eyed, and broken at horrid angles. The description sinks in and suddenly there's a click.  My eyes blow wide under my mask and I spit in undercommon. "That fucking smell!" I hiss and they all look at me.  "Figure it out birdie?" Ashton seems surprised by the suddenness of it.  "With that-? That smell. Wet, moldy and earthy but not quite rotten. That smell was Dugger. It was all over his damn house and the inn." Now I'm annoyed that I hadn't placed it before. It's not like anything else smells like Dugger or his ilk. Even back home, deep underground, though some smells certainly were close. Those stupid worms-  "Oh damn." Ashton breathes and makes a face after a moment. "Huh- told you, you'd figure it out." Ashton lifts the mood with their bloodied grin. Bumping me with their elbow. It eases the sting of not piecing things together sooner. My wounded pride certainly appreciates it. Speaking of-  "Sorry by the way." Mumbling, I watch Fearne and F.C.G. leave. Likely up to no good based on her history. The two of us head over to Laudna. Since Ashton has decided that seems the nicest place to bleed out.  "For the close call? Did that to myself." Ashton brushes me off as they get a seat beside Laudna. Who acknowledges us with an excited wave.   "I meant all the touching." Ashton distinctly said they don't like being touched. I've seen them avoid contact plenty. Though they made an exception when my curiosity about their hair came into play. Which was appreciated, but I've not thought much of it since. It was hearing them use it to explain away their reaction to Ratanish that reminded me.  "Oh that. Yeah- it's fine. You're fine. You don't- you leave my bad side alone and you don't do it a lot. Plus healing kinda requires it. And uh- You're worried." Ashton notes and I sigh,  "You think?" I barely resist giving them a playful poke, "Darling?" I sing and Laudna brightens. Scooting her chair closer to us. Almost instinctively knowing that I'm referring to her. It's adorable really.  "Yes?" She sings right back and I gesture to Ashton,  "Can you mend their attire? It would be a shame to lose it." Laudna beams at my request. Happily chatting up Asthon as she works on his outfit. Praising their display with Ratanish, and commenting on how they bruise beautifully. Otherwise she fixes them up without a complaint.  Leaving me to silently collect myself. While resisting the urge to grab and touch. When did I get so physically affectionate? Especially with these people? And why does Laudna have a point about Ashton breaking nicely?   Sighing, I focus on searching for everyone else. Trying to spot Lady Emoth while I'm at it. Hopefully no one else gets nearly taken from us tonight. I don't know if I can handle it. My heart's already strained by having the mutagen in me so long. ~•~
   The Party's P.O.V. 
  Fearne, Chetney, Dorian, and F.C.G. all go to stir up trouble. The guards blocking the door they all want to head through to seem skeptical of them. Giving each other looks before escorting the two. Since they lie about needing to go to the restroom. While F.C.G. and Chetney whisper about what the fuck is going on. Discovering there was very clearly a misunderstanding somewhere along the way.   Dorian signals Fearne to chat up the guard. Using her distraction as a chance to cast minor illusion. Making what sounds like a woman's scream come from the room Chetney had mentioned to him. Which causes his head to spin as he curses. He adjusts his spear and heads towards the sound. Locking eyes with the other guard. The duo go to investigate the sound.   Dorian checks to see if his brother was in the bathroom. While Fearne follows after the guards. F.C.G. and Chetney watch the guards go towards the scream. Deciding to follow after them and the fawn. Who is listening in on what sounds like the guards getting killed.   "Oh, this is a turn of events." Fearne whispers, choking as she stays and listens.   Orym has started whispering to Dorian. Trying to figure out where half their group went. Imogen reaches out to Laudna. Who's currently amusing Ashton and Shulkyr by having Paté tap dance. They all gather with Lord Esterhross and start discussing. Trying to figure out what's going on.  Shulkyr sighs, "I'll scent them. Come on." That earns a look from the orc lord. But Shulkyr ignores him for now. Flaring their nose and scenting the sweet smell of Fearne.   "Lord Esterhross we're going to need you to keep people out sweetheart." Shulkyr growls and takes the lead. Taking the party towards the smell. Directing them towards the door before pausing. "Ashton, will you be ok?" Shulkyr checks who makes a face,  "I have no idea. I'm fucked." The barbarian admits as they pause before the doors. Laudna failing to reach Chetney which causes more panic.  While Dorian and the rest meet up with Fearne. Who explains that she heard the guards die. Which causes a panic as Dorian is flooded with guilt. F.C.G. rolls in wanting to try and save them. Causing the party to follow after. Who overhear the sound of Shade creepers likely eating human flesh in another part of the room. Before hearing a cursed voice question them. F.C.G. looks up to notice a twisted version of Lady Emoth clinging to the ceiling. Head twisted at an unnatural angle.  "Well- smiley day to you." The robot answers her and the group starts to cower,  "Oh, maybe we should have waited for the others." Fearne breathes following fresh cut grass's gaze.   "Let's go." Shulkyr orders, and watches the ballroom. Catching the eye of a certain golaith as they go. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The Party's P.O.V.
  
  Lady Emoth corners half of the party. Corralling them into the room and from any prying eyes. Before Lashing out at Fresh Cut Grass. Managing to slash into the robot's chest. Sending the tiny cleric reeling back. Dorian steps back and gets a stern look to him.  "Where is my brother?" Dorian questions, focusing his magic and blasting the mind of Lady Emoth. Forcing the twisted woman back into the hall. Chetney drops his dress and retrieves his wooden chisel from Fresh Cut Grass. Cutting his pec and causing the metal to set ablaze.     Before checking the next room over. Seeing the two guards choking on their own blood. Along with two cloaked shade creepers. Who hiss and lunge. Both leaping over Chetney's head to join the fray. Though he does catch one with his chisel.   "We've got two more and two guards!" The gnome shouts as he gets swiped by one. The other rushes at F.C.G. who rolls out of the way. There's a third that leaps over Chetney and lunges for Fearne. Managing to sink it's claws into her. Tearing into lace dress much to her disappointment.   "Now, now- ladies and gentlemen we don't want to fight right now." F.C.G. speaks up trying to use their magic to stop the fighting. The weak pulse of dulling magic manages to slow some of the creepers. Causing them to look at Lady Emoth confused. The magic making their minds settle into something docile.   "If you attack them or any of their friends. They will become hostile." F.C.G. warns and Fearne makes a face,  "So we can't hit anybody?" Fearne huffs and summons Mister onto her shoulder. Who screams and hits the ground in front of the two aggressive shade creepers. Causing a small explosion that catches creepers, and unfortunately, the guards. The little monkey backs up Chetney.   Fearne apologies to the guards she set ablaze. Before throwing out her hand. Manifesting a blade of flame from her claw. Clinging to it and waiting to swing.  The rest of the party arrive in the hallways. Orym is the one who notices a twisted humanoid figure on the ceiling. Which causes him to bolt into action. The rest follow after him without a second thought. The moment they see Orym bolt. Shulkyr's form cracks and transforms. Their clothes melt into them as they drop into their hybrid form. Charging after the halfling.  Orym leaps into the air, his blade striking stone instead of his target. But he presses off the wall and catches Lady Emoth's leg. Before hitting the ground next to Fearne. Imogen follows it by throwing out her hand. Hitting the figure with a spell though she resists it. Laudna twists and transforms focusing on the same figure.   Ashton curses and tiredly takes a few steps forward. Downing a potion seeing as it looks like they're gonna need it. "Fuck, you guys alright?! Hello!"  "Get the fuck in here!" Chetney answers as the genasi takes position in front of the spellcasters. Wishing they had their hammer with them. While Lady Emoth drops and cracks her neck. Unleashing a line of dark acidic spit on Orym, Shulkyr, and Fearne. Melting away at their skin even as they duck out of the way. Though Shulkyr can't avoid most of it due to their enlarged size. Satisfied, Lady Emoth spins on Dorian who she dropped beside.  He stays shockingly steady, "I said, where is my brother?"  'Keep strong little bird, use that rage. Aim it, hone it, and unleash the beast!' Thel'ador advises Dorian and the mask pulses. Lighting crackling around it and onto Dorian's sickle. He lashes out with the moon sickle. Carving it through Lady Emoth and spinning. Decapitating one shade creeper and sinking his crackling sickle back into Lady Emoth. The small burst of lighting catching eyes.  Chetney takes the chance to jump over the shade creepers in their way, "Age is just a Number!" He manages to vault over them. Pouring a healing potion down one guard's throat. They choke back to life and snatch their spear. Pressing their back to the door. Shaking and looking at the chaos.  "We're here to help! Now shits about to get wheeled- weird! Just don't hit me!" Chetney finishes and transforms into his hybrid form. Which earns him a scream. Laudna pushes further in and tries to pin Lady Emoth with her spell. Though it slides off her thanks to her ooze.  The creepers are moving again and Chetney lashes out. Killing a creeper and taking a strike from another. Snarling, Chetney looks back to the guard. "Friend."   One creeper lunges at Dorian and is trying to maul his back. While Imogen gets into the fray. Using misty step to teleport right into Lady Emoth's face. "Take it in." She hisses and throws all the mental anguish of the party into her mind. Cornering the twisted woman with the rest of her party.  F.C.G. rolls towards the guards. Still desperate to help them. Summoning their spiritual weapon in the form of an invitation. Having the magical letter hit the woman. Flopping against Lady Emoth's head. After that fails F.C.G. focuses on the guards. Not able to help with healing. They open a little door in his body. Expelling a small flame thrower at the creeper in front of them.  Little Mister follows that up with a slam into the creeper's back. The burst of flame doesn't sting the monkey. But it does lick at F.C.G. and Chetney. The older werewolf whimpers at his seared fur. While Fearne spins on Lady Emoth.   "I just got shampoozaled." The fawn hisses, slashing her flame blade through the twisted woman's body. Causing her body to ooze violently. While Little Mister jumps turning into a ball of flame, excitingly racing to Fearne's side. He screeches and it catches her attention.   Shulkyr rakes their claws down their arms. Blood coating their claws and transforming into jagged dark red ice. They snort and charge, their massive form leaps off the wall. Following after Orym's lead. Their massive size comes down on Lady Emoth other side. Her slippery form manages to avoid being crushed. As claws rake down her side. The jagged ice tearing into her as they hit the ground.   "Another worm." Shulkyr snarls into her face. Having finished the circle around Lady Emoth.  Orym collects himself and races forward at the same moment. Dropping into a slide going through Laudna's, Imogen's, and Fearne's legs. "Sorry, coming through!" Orym shoves the fawn back as he lashes out. Carving with the dagger he had hidden on his person. Managing to tear through Lady Emoth's eye. Causing the woman to scream.   The chaos continues as several people rush. Lady Emoth takes in the scene and leaps back onto the ceiling. Taking a strike from both Dorian and Orym. While Shulkyr snaps at Emoth. Their teeth getting her ankle before it turns to sludge and escapes their maw.  She skitters into the room and bolts past Chetney and F.C.G. who both lash out at her on the way past. The honed ears of Chetney hear her chanting, "She'll help me. She'll help me." Confusing the werewolf, but giving him something to go after.  Dorian in his anger, and empowered by Thel'ador, tosses the creeper off his back. Slamming it into a bookcase across from him. Causing it to fall over and trap the remaining shade creeper. Chetney chases after Lady Emoth. Discovering her trying to flee into a hole.  "Where are you going?" He snarls and shoves his claws into her. Casting a powerful necrotic spell through Lady Emoth who screams.   Laudna forces herself into the room and spots the pinned creature. Lashing out with both her blasts. That blows up some books and causes the barely moving creeper to whine. Struggling to break free for another moment and giving up. Imogen races past Laudna and tries to make it into the room. "Don't let her get away!" F.C.G. follows after Imogen's call.   Barely managing to catch sight of Lady Emoth. Trying to compel her to stay. The party rushes into the room. Each trying to stop the woman from disappearing. Only she manages to make it out. The beasts are snarling and Chetney changes back. Shulkyr remains and perks up. The familiar voice of Dorian's brother caught several people's attention.   "Dorian, brother?" Shulkyr snorts and the genasi panics,  "Shit! Shit!" He curses and races out followed by Laudna. Shulkyr cracks back into themself. Taking a slow look around the room. Noting the dead guard and kneeling beside him. His thread has long since faded. There's nothing that can be done there.  "You served truthfully, rest." Shulkyr whispers and sighs. Turning their attention to the living guardsman.  "You- are you well? We need you." Shulkyr checks in with the guard. Putting a hand on him and channeling the last bit of their magic.   He nods and they help him. Giving him a shoulder to lean on and giving chase to the party, who's split up once again, not long after. Joined by a weary Ashton and Chetney. Entering the ball they find utter chaos. Dorian is missing, people are running, and Laudna, Imogen, and F.C.G. are being surrounded.  "There's been an attack!" The guard on Shulkyr's shoulder shouts. Getting the other guard's attention.  "I know! They-" One aggressive guard points their spear at Laudna. The injured guard shakes his head.  "No, no. She- They saved me! The attackers are gone. They're gone." The guard gasps as Shulkyr hisses at one aggressive guard,  "You have a dead man in the back. You don't have time for this." Shulkyr carefully hands their guard off to another. Saying a short goodbye as the guards let most of them leave. The huntress is collecting their party. Making sure everyone is accounted for this time.  "Come on, before it's gone." The other guard straightens and the party is let free. Though all eyes stay pinned on them. Remembering their faces and their information. Marking every member as a person of interest.~•~  They somehow make it all back to Estheross manor. Where Dorian reveals his brother. Who apologies for his lack of skills. Chetney is quick to agree. While undoing the shackles around the genasi's wrists. While he explains what the fuck he was doing at the ball. Including how he got mixed up with Lady Emoth.  "Your bounty was issued because you were falsely accused of stealing from a mahaan house. So you thought the best method to fix that. Was to rob another mahaan house?" Dorian sighs and Shulkyr approaches him. Wrapping an arm around the air genasi.  While Cyrus explains himself to them further. Explaining the green watchers were asking about a tower. But Cyrus insists he doesn't know what they were talking about. Once it clicks what he's referring to. Dorian's legs threaten to give out, and Shulkyr pulls him into their form. He all too willingly collapses into them. Letting their lycanthrope strength keep him on his feet.  "They think he's me." Dorian sobs and Shulkyr rubs his shoulder. When Cyrus suggests turning himself in. Dorian is quick to refuse it. Begging Ashton to back him up. Which they do, insisting Cyrus wouldn't last a week. Cyrus expresses his distress. What is he supposed to do-?!  "Get off the continent. Disappear." Shulkyr growls and holds Dorian close. Tossing their mask aside for now. The reveal of their face causes the genasi to jump. Staring jaw dropped at them.   "You've done something utterly foolish Cyrus. You've fucked yourself over, and Dorian- do you realize that? Your stupid, foolish choices have ruined his freedom." Cyrus's eyes blow wide at the scolding he receives. Withering under the werewolf's snarling. "Every choice you've made has put him in danger. You're supposed to be a leader. That means you have to consider others and the ramifications of your choices. Was that never drilled into your head?" Shulkyr snarls and Cyrus gaps. Unable to find the answer to their words. So he chooses to stay silent. Just watching the drow comfort his crying brother.  "Wildmount." Shulkyr breathes, "I can't get you out of the city, but I can this continent. Together with Estheross." Shulkyr looks to the orc lord while stroking Dorian's hair.   "My captain will take them. You'll be taken care of." Shulkyr whispers the second half to Dorian.   "Shulk-" The genasi chokes and they squeeze him. Before getting quietly hushed. Lord Esterhross takes the lead. Reassuring the group before turning his anger on Cyrus. Causing him to slouch even further. While Shulkyr gets Dorian to sit down. Cradling the genasi and letting him fall apart. While the party surrounds the duo. Tears starting to well up in their eyes.   "You don't have your stone anymore Shulk. Can you even call your boss?"  "He'll come. He already said he would be here." Shulkyr closes their eyes and breathes. Focusing on their string. On the ties of fate that bound them. Following their own string until they reach a knot. Giving it a gentle tug and urging their attention.   Shulkyr opens their eyes and sees everyone's threads. All intertwined together in an elegant, golden web. Pulsing with the warmth of their lives. How long has it been since they've seen such a beautiful thing?  "As long as they can get to the coast. My captain will take them. He'll help, he always does." Shulkyr reaches in their pouch. Evelyn, divine bless her, comes with cups and wine for everyone. Everyone gets a drink to toast with. The name of the group being solidified as Hell's Bells.  "To Dorian, who's leaving us for his stupid brother! What the fuck is up with that?" Ashton complains and Dorian laughs. While Shulkyr positions themself over the group. Hands quietly working on their trinkets. Everyone talks and laughs as they share warm goodbyes. Barely holding back the wave of emotions. Chetney threatens Cyrus much to some's satisfaction.   "Before you go-" Shulkyr speaks, getting everyone's attention, "-I have something I've been working on. Close your eyes." The bard gives them a surprised look. Closing his eyes and waiting for them to act. Shulkyr finishes their trinket which they've promptly improvised at the last moment. They gently lay the necklace of pearls and glass work around Dorian's neck. Clipping it in the back with a clip that was a tiny cog they took off of Milo.   "There you go." Shulkyr pulls back his hair and he opens his eyes,  Orym smiles and grabs his sword. Letting Dorian check his reflection on the surface. It's a necklace of pearls with glass work. The sigil hanging from the center piece is an elegant twisting thing. Dorian barely recognizes the sigil as one of the Raven Queen. The wire glimmers in the fire light. Revealing its twisting copper nature.   "Oh- Oh, Shulkyr It's-" Dorian stammers and tears start to fall,  "Someone told me you wanted pearls." Shulkyr gently replies and runs their fingers through his hair. Ashton snorts and shakes their head. Openly admiring the piece and the tears sliding down Dorian's face.  "Is that what you've been working on?" Dorian's voice is broken with his emotion.   "Part of it. I'm glad I got yours done. As for the rest-" Shulkyr takes out their pouch. Getting out glass pieces for everyone. Revealing what their nightly toil has been for. All eyes blow wide at the display.  "Fuck, wasn't expecting something like that." Ashton flushes as Shulkyr kneels beside them.  "May I?" Shulkyr gives them a small smile. Ashton breathes and gives a nod.  "Yeah, go for it Birdie." Ashton tilts their head. Giving Shulkyr their good ear. Letting the drow take a dagger to them. Giving them a new piercing. Shulkyr loops the earring in the hole. Using a cog to pin the bolt to their ear. The wire intertwined in it has twisting pieces of glass hanging from it. More pearls that had been stolen were added at the ends. Resembling something akin to wind chimes.  It jingles with every move of their head. Dorian admires Ashton and hands them Orym's blade. Letting them take a look at it.  "Well look at that- it matches my glass." Ashton chuckles admiring the little piece. The pieces do really look like their slag glass. Pale white and shifting colors in the firelight. The cogs and wire give it a rougher look than the dainty glass and pearls would imply. Satisfied, Shulkyr moves on. Revealing they've made a piece for every single member of their party.   Imogen got a bracelet of copper wire and glass, Laudna got a hair piece that goes with her chisel, and Paté even got his own collar piece. Each one has pearls of various sizes and shapes added to them. Not part of the original design, but still a much appreciated addition. Shulkyr kneels in front of Orym and gently takes his blade. "I admit, yours got finished first. But I wasn't really sure what I was going for."   They tie the piece around the butt of the blade. Letting the wire and glass hang from the bottom of his sword. Which clinks as Orym openly admires it. His glass pieces match his color scheme. Made to look like flowers and vines. Shulkyr took the smallest pearls. Putting them in the center of the flowers since they didn't know how else to integrate them.  "I think it's wonderful, Shulkyr. Thank you." Orym smiles and takes their hand. Giving a gentle squeeze and a nod.   "That's something." They return it and move on to Fearne. Who eagerly squirms and beams at Shulkyr.  "Want to see it?"   "Oh, yes please." Fearne is nearly bouncing in her spot. While Shulkyr takes out a large bracelet. They unclasp it and clip it around her left horn. It's a gorgeous glittering piece where the glass is the main part. Countless pearls have been pierced and looped through with copper wire.  "Like it?" Shulkyr asks as Orym hands Fearne his blade. She cooes and fawns over her new piece. Beaming at Shulkyr and latching around their waist with a hug.  "I love it. It fits so well." Fearne clings to Shulkyr who pets her hair. Stroking her other horn with a warm smile.  "I'm glad, I have some more. So one moment-" Shulkyr carefully gets the fawn off of them. Giving F.C.G. their piece next. Revealing it's a little trinket meant to hang from their backpack. One pretty coin hanging from the piece.   "And do I get one?!" Chetney pipes up and Shulkyr quirks a brow,  "To be fair, I haven't had the most time for yours." The drow blinks and the gnome huffs. Pretending he isn't hurt. Terribly.   "Fine! I guess, I see how it is! I don't even like glass! Wood is better anyways. Less limited! Functional!" Chetney puts his back to them. Shulkyr smirks and pulls out one last trinket. Waving the piece in front of his big nose. Causing him to jump up and snatch it.   "I said I haven't had much time. Not that it's not done." Shulkyr jokes and goes back to Dorian. Settling beside him and grabbing their cup.   "To Hell's Bells, and the threads that tie us together." Shulkyr toasts and everyone follows suit. Downing their drinks for now. Filling their cups whenever they empty them. The group gets more and more sloshed as the night goes along.   "Hey Shulk- this boss. Who is he?" Dorian curiously hums, his cheek resting on their shoulder,  "Kingsley." They answer him after a moment, "Kingsley Tealeaf. Captain of the Mollymauk. He's a tiefling man, when you meet him. Just tell him his moonstone sent you. I think he'd be good for you to be around. Especially that idiot-" Shulkyr nods to Cyrus who is still stone cold sober, just watching the group and his brother. "-It would do you some good Cyrus. Stay open to it." Shulkyr advises him and Dorian hums,  "I'll remember that name." He sighs, "If you trust him- I can too."   "It's a good option, but where should you go if you can't find him?" F.C.G. asks and Dorian hums,  "To Tal'dorei most likely? I have friends there." Dorian chuckles as he and Orym smile. Making some joke that no one else, but Fearne, has the context for. Dorian receives a hug from Orym. Freezing for a moment before he bows. Giving the halfling a gentle kiss on the head.  "It's not fair, I don't like this feeling." Fearne mutters and gestures to her chest, "It hurts- right here. I don't like it." The fawn pouts and Dorian chuckles. Giving her a hug and comforting her. Fearne decides to assuage her own pain by giving Dorian a necklace with a fang. Having him promise to never forget her.  "It's not goodbye. It's a- see you later." Dorian reassures the group,  "If push comes to shove, and you can't come back here. We can wrap up everything. Follow you." Ashton chuckles and downs another cup of wine. Slouching with a loud huff as they glare at the cup.  "Fuck, this wine is not strong enough for this." Ashton complains and the group laugh,  "I figured. I'll buy you the best Tal'dorei beer I can get you. Maybe even take you to Byroden? It has amazing liquor and food- and pie." Dorian offers and Ashton smirks, hearing a low growl come from Shulkyr. Causing them to all burst into laughter.  "I'm holding you to that blueberry." Ashton snorts and Dorian beams at them. Dorian is giving hugs and kisses on the cheek. Saying his final goodbyes as Lord Esterhross returns to the party. Announcing it's time for Dorian and Cyrus to go.   "Dorian." Shulkyr stops the genasi and cups his cheek, "You'll do well princeling. Stay safe, until next time." They pull him in and kiss his forehead. Dorian flusters and reaches for the mask at his hip.  "Ah- I almost took this." He holds the mask out to Shulkyr.  'Would have been catastrophic for the pup, but I don't think they would have minded. Take care of yourself, little bird. Do try and teach your idiot brother how to fly proper. Before he plummets into a pond and a fish gets him.' Thel'ador jokes into the genasi's mind. Who snorts and slaps a hand over his mouth.   "If I didn't know better, I'd think you like me, Thel'ador."  The mask crackles and barely zaps his finger, 'Don't push it hatchling.'  Dorian throws up his hands and beams. While Shulkyr puts the mask back on their hip. Amused and pleasantly surprised by their interaction.  "Alright, alright! All of you sleep, have sweet dreams and- until next time." Dorian sadly leaves with his brother. Entering the carriage while being escorted by Lord Esterhross. The brothers settle in their carriage. Saying goodbye to Lord Esterhross and thanking him for his generosity. The orc lord wishes them well and sees them off.  Dorian left his boat from Chetney. Floating it in the air where the carriage had been. One little child spots it in awe. Snatching it out of the air and loudly giggling. Racing off with it, eager to show it off to friends. The orc lord hums, amused and somber, before he heads back inside the manor. Looking over the sullen party.   He gives them his condolences and tells them they did well. Reassuring them and deciding to let them sleep in the manor for the night. Everyone takes him up on that offer. Going to the cleared out room to rest. Except for Shulkyr who remains downstairs for a bit. Something that is becoming a habit of theirs.  "I apologize that things went so far. I know you had meant to make tonight up to him." Lord Esterhross settles at his desk and the drow nods,  "I still will- it's just going to take longer now." Shulkyr declares and downs another cup of wine. Flushed in the face with liquor. They've never drank this much. They would fear turning, but the beast feels too kicked down for them to fear it. Curled up and whining at the loss it just experienced.  "Yes, I am sure. You are a person of your word." Lord Esterhross agrees and they nod. They might continue talking if Shulkyr's ears hadn't perked up. Their attention turns to the office door as it opens.  "Shulk?" Fearne is peeking into the room. Looking rather shy as she glances between them and the orc.   "Hmm? What's going on, Fearne?" Shulkyr gently prompts the fawn to speak. While she widens the door and stares at the floor.   "I know this is a bit silly- but I- it's hard to sleep." Fearne confesses and Shulkyr tilts their head,  "Night terrors or-?" Fearne shifts on her hooves. Her ears drop as she holds a hand out to Shulkyr.  "The bed's too big without Dorian." Fearne whimpers and Shulkyr blinks. Realizing what the fawn is asking of them. Sighing, they put the cup to the side and nod to Lord Esterhross.  "Looks like I'm still needed. Have a good night, Esterhross."  "You as well." He sees the duo off and Shulkyr takes Fearne's hand. Letting the fawn cling to them as they head to the room. Sneaking around the party members who are already sleeping. Making their way to the bed where Orym is tossing. Unable to get comfortable himself.   Fearne tries to get in the bed, rousing the halfling. Who seems surprised by Shulkyr's appearance. They simply nod their head to Fearne. But they still wait. Checking if they have Orym's permission as well. The halfling takes a deep breath and sees Fearne giving him big doe eyes. "Just one night?"  He's silent for a moment as he thinks. "Alright."  Orym mumbles and nods to Shulkyr. Giving permission for them to join them. It takes some shuffling, but the trio manage to fit on the bed. Fearne snuggling into Shulkyr's side. While Orym uses their legs as a makeshift hammock. Their added warmth and weight eases the duo's emotional wounds, just a bit. If only for the night. The group settles down. Trying to wordlessly comfort one another's wounded hearts.   
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Shulkyr's P.O.V.
  

    When the next morning starts. I'm woken up by shifting on my bed. I try to ignore it when I realize I'm oddly warn. Snorting, I get the smell of two familiar bodies. One being distinctly airy and floral with an undertone of sword oil. The other smells like goat, smoke, magic, monkey, and honey. Right, I cuddled in bed with Fearne and Orym. After they were lonely with Dorian- gone.

    That thought ruins my peace and I pry open my eyes. The weight of last returning to my chest. Rising with Orym I wait for him to get off me. Not wanting to throw him. He doesn't need such a harsh awakening. 

    When I get up, I help him round up the others. Rousing Fearne while he gets Imogen and Lauda. Making my way to the corner. I take the burden of waking Ashton. Who befitting their nature. Sleeps like a rock. Complaining rather loudly when I try to rouse him. 

    "Come on, five more hours." Ashton rolls over and puts their back to me. Groaning from how uncomfortable the hardwood floor is. Maybe I can convince them to let me give them a massage? It would help with the aches.

    "I know you're sore gemstone, but there's free food- you wanna miss that?" I tease the genasi and they pry open their good eye. Giving me a grumpy side glare. 

    "Not fucking fair." The genasi grunts and I help them up. It takes some effort on their part. Yeah, I really need to get them a massage or at least a hot bath. This isn't going to work like this.

    Orym has raised just about everyone else. Most changed back into their usual attire. While I'm changing F.C.G. boots up and we all head down. Entering the dining room where Evelyn has set up breakfast. 

    "Thank you Evelyn." I catch her and she gives me a shy smile,

    "Of course." We all settle down and talk a bit. Chetney gives Ashton their wooden toy. Which is a hand they can pose and play with. Leading to a few jokes that admittedly go over my head. Imogen checks in with Orym and Fearne. Asking how they slept.

    "It was kinda hard. Shulkyr made it better though." Fearne smiles at me and I nod,

    "Oh that's great! You know, you and Orym can always join Imogen and I. I'm a very good cuddler." Laudna offers and Imogen eagerly agrees. Though a quick glance at Orym shows he seems semi-nervous about that.

    "Whichever arrangement you select. I'm fine with it. Push comes to shove. I have no problem sleeping against stone." I settle back in my seat. Taking a drink of my tea when there's a snort and I glance. Confused, before I see everyone giving me looks. Including Ashton who looks particularly baffled. Then it hits me how they took it.

    "I meant I can sleep on the floor. I would say grass, but there's not a lot of that here." I clarify and there's giggling. My ears perk at the thud of a cane. Looking, I see Lord Esterhross has joined us. He settles down and that starts the grim mood. We all greet him and the first matter ends up being the ring. Which Fearne is very hesitant to give up. Though she seems more than happy to do so when it's suggested she feeds it to F.C.G.

    We go through everything we discovered. Ashton confirms the general knows we were responsible about the moon tower, Imogen had read Treshi's mind learning he knows the Nightmare King and is apparently getting sick of the fey, and we possibly identified two members of the Chandei Quorum. "What of the Seekers? They were there last night." I question and that earns some looks.

    "Are they corrupt? If they aren't. They could be a good force to manipulate into helping us. Corner our targets." I suggest and that makes the Lord pause,

    "The Green Seekers are individuals with a strong sense of justice. They are also a decently well respected group. If you can convince them to look into our enemies. That would be a very good ally to have." Lord Esterhross agrees and I keep that in mind. While we carry on about what to do. F.C.G. ends up asking Fearne what she thinks caused the spires.

    She blatantly lies through her teeth and I just let her. Wearing a small smile on her face. She playfully suggests a monster and I pause. "Worms do that." I cut in and that earns me some looks,

    "Worms?"

    "Worms, a monster type common in Wildmount. There's winter worms, magma worms, and the such. Their tunnels are usually used as access points to get into the underdark. They also usually mess up the earth even if they don't surface. Creating hills and valleys, I've never heard of one big enough to create a mountain though." I explain and Fearne smiles, her ear flicking.

    "So but if the worm was big enough it could make a mountain?" She seems excited by that.

    "Or had enough time. Yes." I agree with her and she beams. Looking extremely proud of herself. Smiling, I sigh and listen to them. 

    The discussion moves on to what to do. We all discuss Ashton's mission. Asking Lord Eshteross advice about the best way to get there. Including the discovery that F.C.G. doesn't like birds. Leading to an even more awkward situation. Because Paté gets involved. Sharing a turn of phrase that he knows.

    "To be fair, 'Bird in the head, rat in the body' wouldn't faze me as a turn of phrase." I confess and that leads to a barrage of questions. Including why wouldn't it and am I crazy?

    "Some of my den back home had a phrase like that. 'I'm not here to fuck with spiders.'" That earns me more looks. Including questions like why would that be a turn of phrase? Especially when we worship a spider goddess. All I can do is shrug. I didn't invent the phrase. I just know it.

    It's not long before we agree to take the job from Hexum. Before we head out, I get a dark brown cloak from Lord Esterhross with a hood. Throwing it on and keeping myself hidden as we leave. It's peaceful for a while before a familiar green cloaked half orc and gnome strides up to us. Tensing up, I hear a growl in my head. 'They're marked pup.'

    They strike up the most stiff and artificial small talk. Before trying to get us to head off with them. The half orc seems fixated on me. Moving, I put my bulk between our group and the gnome. One quick glance shows Ashton followed my lead. Now body blocking the half orc from the softer members of our group. Sniffing, I strain my senses. Checking for a possible ambush.

    Catching quite a mess of smells and sounds. The scents of the people they sent off. A lot of average people around the place. Whispering and trying to easedrop, but no one doing so with intent. I don't smell the winged dogs, or anyone who smells of blade oil or metal. Meaning likely no armed guards. 

    Everyone settles down on the bench they cleared for us. The half orc raises his hand. Making a spell sigil that throws up a barrier, and once it settles it goes silent. The sudden lack of sensation is dizzying. Shaking my head, I violently shiver my ears pining back. 

    "So- I apologize for the sudden- abrupt and perhaps unexpected arrival of me and my compatriot." The gnome introduces them both. Laudna eagerly greets Gus when he says hi. The gnome talks a bit more. But there's just- something about her voice that is making my temper flare.

    "Your speech is one of the most annoying thing I've ever heard. Can the half-orc talk instead?" I grumble and thankfully he does as I ask. I thank him in undercommon. Though his expression tells me he doesn't know what I said. He's suspicious but carries on. Asking what the fuck is going on. To which Ashton eagerly takes the lead in turn. Smirking under my hood, I snort at Ashton's eagerness. Listening to the genasi do what they do best. 

    "Somebody mentioned it last night. Who was it?" Ashton prompts and I chirp,

    "General Ratanish seemed pretty interested in it." As hard as they've been watching us. Laudna tries to ask questions. Which Gus tries to shut down. Mentioning they don't know us. Which leads to Laudna introducing everyone. Not hesitating to hand out our real names no less. Oh boy. We manage to get Olly talking and I perk up. She's making connections and accusations. But something during her ranting catches my attention.

    "Months?" I parrot as Fearne shows off a tooth from the mimic. Olly makes more connections I don't like. She's very aggressive about this. Clearly she doesn't have any evidence for it, or otherwise she would know none of her guesses are true. I manage to hold my tongue for the most part. Until Imogen fumbles in explaining why we were interacting with the mimic.

    "We were hired by the theater to solve the missing people issue, and we ended up finding the mimic. If you go and ask, they can confirm it." I snarl at the gnome who glares at me in turn. The conversation continues on. So not to stir more trouble I mostly stick out of it. Until my temper boils over. I really don't like the freaky comment this gnome keeps throwing around. 

    "I've decided I like the half orc-." I comment and stare at the gnome, "- and I'm going to eat the gnome."

    "Birdie not again." Ashton jokes and Imogen gets up and hugs me. While I glare daggers at Olly. Who happily returns them.

    "You know, I've noticed you really don't get along with gnomes. Is this a thing from home? You fought with the gnome in the theater, you punted Chetney out a doorway, and now this. Are you ok? Is there something here we should know about? " Laudna questions and I make a face,

    "I- Well, maybe? I didn't realize there was a trend." There's laughing in my head and I snort. Screw off, I don't think straight when I'm angry. 

    "Oh it's alright Shulk, we know you're just being protective." Imogen cooes and holds my face. I would be mortified. If her fingers didn't brush just behind my ears. Slouching, I end up letting out a loud rumbling sound. 

    "There you go, that's better isn't it? Deep breaths Shulk." She encourages and keeps scratching that spot. Oh, oh that's wonderful.

    "Holy shit, that actually worked." Ashton laughs and I hear Fearne gasps,

    "Ooh I wanna pet Shulk." The entire conversation derails as the girls crowd around me. Scratching behind my ears and gushing. I really should stop this. I should. But it feels so, so nice. 

    'The weakness of all elves and Werewolves a like.' Thel'ador sighs and I don't even bother to refute him. This is just to nice.

    "Guys, guys-" I faintly hear Orym over all the fawning, "-Guys focus. We kind of have people we were mid conversation with." All the girls stop with flustered 'oh right' and 'ok, I guess.' Leaving me missing that very pleasant sensation.

    "Hey, birdie you ok? You're looking pretty down there." Ashton prods and I sigh,

    "I just learned something new about myself and I'm torn about it." That earns laughter and the gnome snaps. Forcing us back to the original conversation. Bringing up 'Jelly people' I pout while Imogen tries to explain what we keep running into. 

    "Dugger, just say you're talking about Dugger." I gently advise and she pouts. Letting me have center stage to elaborate.

    "The shade creepers we fought were abnormal. They explode in fire when defeated and wear armor. Each group of shade creepers has been led by a person who could transform into- something. They aren't undead, but they are- it's something unnatural. Though that woman was different from Dugger."

    "Different? Oh, right you're the monster hunter. What did you notice?" Chetney questions and I glance. Having to do a double take. What is he doing behind that bench?!

    "Dugger was always pale, sunken eyed, and crazy. We never once saw him turn normal. She could though. It's like she was a more advanced version. Everything Dugger could do but better." I explain tearing my eyes away. If he's doing what I think. I don't want to see it. My confession causes the two detectives to look at each other. Revealing they do know about the shade creepers. Though they admit to not having a clue about anything like Dugger or Lady Emoth. Ashton follows that revaluation by confronting the pair on if they saw the hidden room under the moon tower. Which they reveal they did. 

    Ah, so that's why they seem so interested. They think we know something they don't. It just turns out we also know what they were suspecting and a lot more. Chetney says he does know a given name for who took down the tower. But these two would not believe us. 

    Which to be fair- why would they? It would just be our word. Nightmare King Ira, I wonder, would they know anything about the fey? Maybe- maybe with how everything is so interconnected we're missing something they have? Since they came from a different angle?

    Ashton steals the lead again, and Gus meets him in the middle. Asking what our goal is. That causes some pause. Ashton sticks to their belief about working for money, and Imogen tries to correct him. Insisting we are doing this because it's the right thing. A lot of confessions come out. Including what drew us together in the first place. 

    "I have to agree with the rest. We started because we lost a friend to this conspiracy, and we just lost another. At this point we couldn't go back if we wanted to. Besides, frankly, I'm fucking pissed." I press and look between the two. Gus gets flustered and storms off. Pacing back and forth and grumbling. His friend tells us to just give him space. Shrugging, I head to the bench, settling down and pulling out Raven's Kiss. 

    "Woah, hey, hey-!" Olly jumps and I shrug,

    "What? I have to maintain my crossbow. It has gears." I click a panel and it pops open. Revealing gears and wires among other thing parts. Olly calms down after I show it off. So I just begin to work on it. Pulling out my tinkering tools. Hoping to catch up on my, formerly, daily maintenance. Someone leans on my shoulder. The weight and scent says it's likely Ashton. 

    "Oh, is that how you do it?" Ashton pries and I confirm it,

    "Yup."

    "You've got explosives right? Can you make explosive bolts?" Ashton questions as Gus comes back. Saying something that leads to a flurry of 'are we deputy seekers'? Laudna wanting patches and items. Chetney offering to make wooden badges. Ashton seems giddy at the thought they might get to craft more. All of the enthusiasm, and teasing from their companion. Lead to flustering the half orc further. 

    Before we go asking how we can help. Imogen perks up gives them the name Lady Emoth. Explaining exactly what happened the night before. Leading to another big discussion. Though I tune most of it out for now. Focused on watching to make sure no one is eavesdropping now that the barrier has dropped. Using my presence to scare some lingering people off. 

    "So are we doing this right now?" I question and everyone confirms it,

    "Fair enough, gemstone. You alright for this?" I check in with Ashton and they chuckle,

    "Yeah, Ratanish kicked my ass, but I recovered. I've still got some fight, and some aches, in me birdie." They joke and I grin getting up, 

    We all throw up our hoods and carry on. Letting the green seekers take the lead. They pay for us to all get in the cable car. Leaving us alone for more private conversation. Ashton asks them about the Paragon's Call. Learning their opinion of the group is utter shit. Snorting, I rest against Fearne trembling and staring at my feet. Enjoying her arms around me.

    "Still so fucking funny you can't stand heights." Ashton jokes and the cable car starts swaying. Shooting them a scalding glare I snarl.

    "One of these times I'm gonna shove you out the car." They laugh and I shake my head. Pausing when I feel the rope around my waist slacken.

    "Fearne. Tie the rope back." I don't even look as the fawn giggles. Refastening the rope around me with her flower pot still around my waist. Sighing, I latch onto her arm when the car comes to a stop. Imogen is clinging to Laudna too. The shared anxiety making me feel that little bit better. Fearne lets me go and I race out. Sliding out and onto the floor.

    Laughter follows me as I recover, "I- lived- underground!"  

    I'm yanked off the ground not long after. Getting tossed over Ashton's shoulder. Their solid muscle digging into my stomach. "Ow fuck, I miss Dorian's carry." I whisper and relax which eases the pain.

    "Ha! Sorry, I'm not as soft as the songbird Birdie." Ashton laughs as we approach the mines. Where Gus very hesitantly goes to 'pull some strings'. Leading into an awkward conversation with a miner. Gus loses a whole foot in stature in the short discussion, and I can't help feeling bad. Patting Ashton's shoulder I get them to put me down.

    "Hey." I walk over and he pauses,

    "Hey." He seems curious as to what I have to say,

    "I'll buy you drinks after. Thanks for taking the hit." He snorts and nods. We all get inside and into a dusty room. Settling down and watching the most sour ex interaction I've witnessed besides my own. It isn't until Chetney lies that things turn around. Gus follows Chetney's lead and puts his heart on his sleeve. Which seems to do the trick. Gus's ex reveals what's been happening.

    "Monster in the Mines?" I suggest and Orym sighs,

    "That sounds like a horror novel." Cackling, I watch F.C.G. try and mend their relationship. I'm resting against the wall. Struggling for air as Ogdes yells at Gus for bringing a therapist. Everyone else is grinning and watching from the back. They carry on and Ogdes laughs at the robot for trying to get Gus to talk. To which Gus admits he's not very good at being honest.

    "This is a safe space for these kinds of things. Something my friend Shulkyr here can attest to." Slowly turning, I tilt my head. Staring at F.C.G. with wide eyes and a forced smile. Causing the group to nearly burst into hysterics. 

    "Oh, so you use this thing as a therapist to huh? What she another ex of yours?" Ogdes looks at Gus who withers,

    "No. Nothing like that. They are a personal friend of mine who has experienced similar difficulties. Isn't that right Shulkyr?" F.C.G. looks up to me with bright eyes. While I watch Ashton nearly fall out of their chair. Imogen and Laudna cling to one another just to keep standing. Fearne is beaming and watching with uncomfortable intensity, and Orym is pink faced. Drawing patterns in the dust with his sword.

    "Yup, romance has never been my strong suit. Or talking-." I shoot F.C.G. a look and the robot just ignores it,

    "Exactly! See this is why you're an optimal example. Since it appears you and Gus have similar dilemmas. Perhaps it would be very enlightening to hear your perspective?" F.C.G. presses and shaking my head. I, despite really not wanting to, go along with it.

    "What? You need help with an ex you abandoned for work too?" Ogdes pries and I resist making a face. Way to the air the dirty laundry there.

    "No, kind of- my relationships weren't promising ones. They were bad ones." There's a thud as Ashton actually hits the floor. Prick.

    "What always had better things to do than be with them?" Ogdes pushes eyeing me and I put up my hands,

    "No, I-I aaamm twice divorced." That earns me looks from everybody who didn't know. While causing Ashton to roar from their curled position on the floor. Imogen and Laudna follow his lead hitting the ground as a giggling mess.

    "Oh?"

    "Yup, see Shulkyr is already being very honest." F.C.G. praises while I silently fume,

    "It's not an easy thing to do to admit such things Gus, but it can be done, you just have to muster your courage." F.C.G. encourages and we continue on. While I slink around the room. Taking the chance to kick Ashton in the ribs. Aiming roughly for where Ratanish hit them the night before. Earning a loud grunt, but it doesn't deter their laughter. 

    "Bastard." I grumble in undercommon at them. Only snapping back to the conversation when I hear a loud smack. Seeing Fearne has slapped Gus. Making him double take. Though it does serve to please Ogdes. Which works out well for us. Not so much for Gus.

    Ogdes happily agrees to introduce us. Leading us along as I glare at the backs of heads. I never should have mentioned that. Why did I mention that? 

    'Because you were exhausted and have grown to comfortable.' Thel'ador answers and I glare harder,

  
      'That was a rhetorical question. You're not supposed to answer it!'
  

    'Oh I'm aware.' He chuckles while I listen to chatter. Watching Laudna approach Ogdes.

    "I mean your relationship must have been good for you to be upset over it. If it helps, it can't end as badly as Shulk's first marriage." Laudna adds and I glare at her,

    "Laudna." I warn her and Ogdes smiles looking at her,

    "Oh how'd it end? Running away with the second partner?" Ogdes jokes and Laudna gasps,

    "No, no. They aren't a cheater!" Laudna defends me and Ogdes makes a face, "They did fake their death though!" Laudna loudly declares and Ashton stumbles barely catching themself. Whispering something as they wheeze, bent over. Begging to get my boot up their back end. The Seekers and Ogdes all stop to stare at me.

    "It was a bad marriage! Leave me alone!" Hissing, I pull my hood down and do the walk of shame. 

    "Well, I mean- you didn't hate the guy." Fearne counters and I glare,

    "But she-" 

    "They." The entire group interject and I huff. Satisfied when Olly puffs up at being cut off.

    "No, but it was an unhappy arranged marriage. We're leaving it at that." I press on, refusing to acknowledge any further attempts at that conversation. Not here and not right now anyways. Maybe another time. Alone and with some drink in everybody. For now, it's time to get to work.

  