
    Chapter Text
    "Kill the spare.""NO!!!"Later, Harry was unable to explain how he had managed. Accidental magic, most likely. But in that second, utterly exhausted, hurt and confused, far away from Hogwarts, he knew that he would never forgive himself if he let Cedric die. This was his fight. Always had been. With overwhelming clarity, Harry had realised, when hearing that bone-chilling voice, that everything had been a ploy, an elaborate scheme to get him right here, right now, consequences for everyone else be damned. So, he exploded, knocking Wormtail off his feet, right into Cedric's arms, who clutched the traitor reflexively. Beyond caring, about his chances of survival, Harry hectically looked for the Triwizard's Cup. In a swift motion, he summoned it straight into Cedric's arms. The boy wanted to protest, but the portkey activated on impact, whisking both the Hufflepuff and the traitor away. Relieved, Harry sank against a headstone, but not for long, as the creepy voice snickered, "This unusual display of wit will not save you, Mr. Potter. You will die today. Avada Kedavra!""Expelliarmus!"At this point, that spell was more of a reflex than a conscious choice. Their magic collided mid-air not cancelling each other, but not landing either. Harry's wand began to vibrate, making him clutch it desperately. While he had accepted his death as the inevitable, he was not willing to go without a fight. A beam of lightning, where their spells met, moved towards him, but Harry fought, wanting to meet his fate standing tall. He could not see the figure that was casting the other spell, but the moment he rose, the beam began to wander, away from him, towards Voldemort. When it collided with the other's wand, spectres emerged, an old man, then Charity Burbage. The teenager shuddered, remembering their deaths all too well. Then his heart stopped because he knew the last victim before Professor Burbage. Tears started to cloud his vision."Oh, sweetheart, don't cry." A quiet voice, so full of love that the tears inevitably started to fall, whispered."Mum."He chocked."It will be alright, son. Just hold on.""Dad!""James, you …"Harry had to blink a few times, to see his parents looking at each other, before the spectre of his mother floated away, towards the other end of the rope."It's okay, Harry, just hold on. Stop fighting, just hold on to the magic. We can only remain as long as the connection between your and Voldemort's wand is active."Strangely enough, it worked. The young wizard took a deep breath and relaxed his hold. His father would not steer him wrong. The strain eased. The connection started to feel natural, comfortable even, and Harry wondered why he had held on so firmly when things could have been so much easier if he had just let them happen naturally."Is mum going to be alright?" He asked in a small voice."Of course, son. But listen, we don't have much time, and there is much you need to know."Harry nodded, looking at a man he only knew from photos Hagrid had gifted him at the end of first year. He understood now why people always called him a mirror image of James Potter. The hair, the glasses, he was like a carbon copy of his dad. But there was a warmth and love in James Potter's gaze, Harry had never seen directed at himself."Things are not as they seem, Harry. There was a prophecy, and I made the mistake of believing the man who brought it to our attention.""What prophecy?"">The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies...<"Confused, Harry shook his head, strengthening the grip of his wand, so the connection would not fade. "I don't understand. What does this mean?"With a sigh, James threw a glance over his shoulder towards his wife, who had a similar conversation with a crippled Dark Lord. "Prophecies are a tricky thing, Harry. Some of them are inevitable. Some are self-fulfilling, but some … most of them, in fact … only have as much power as you give them. We believed in this one. Giving it so much more power than it had to have.""Who believed? I still don't understand?"Shaking his head, the ghost tried to break down what they had learned before their deaths and witnessed after. "Listen, son; most prophecies are made but not heard because true seers are rare and seldomly acknowledged. But when Albus came to us, to Lily and me and Alice and Frank, he explained that both Neville and you fit that prophecy and that we should hide. We were in the middle of a war, and there was Death Eater Raids left and right. Frank and Alice chose to bring Neville to his grandmother because the wards on Longbottom Manor are strong. We hid away from Potter Manor because your mother thought an undetectable house better than ancient wards. It might have been, but with Wormtail as secret keeper we served ourselves up on a plate."But you have to understand this, Voldemort learned about it from one of his Death Eaters, and he made a choice that night, a choice that tied the two of you together, kicking the prophecy off, so to speak. That made it unlikely that either of you can have a fulfilling life unless either the other is dead or …"Harry felt that his father was about to say something. He glanced along the beam. The bright star was hovering in the middle again, not moving in either direction. The vibrating of his wand had all but ceased. He wanted his mother back, to stand by his side when he had to hear what his dad did not want to say. But she was still deep in conversation with that thing that was Voldemort. "Or?""Or you have to work together.""What?" The young wizard nearly dropped his wand, breaking the connection, but his father's pained expression made him hold on. "Excuse me; I'm supposed to do what?""Listen, Harry, you … talk to Sniv… Severus. He once believed in Tom Riddle. He only became a spy, because Voldemort targeted us. Lily was always the only person he was truly loyal to." He smiled, "Well, Lily and now you. From what we gathered, your 'Dark Lord' was all about protecting the wizarding world, at least at the beginning. That's not a bad thing. We know that muggles are dangerous, at least those of us who look. World War II. Hiroshima. We have no choice but to hide. If we are discovered, they will eradicate us with but a push of a button. But when Tom Riddle split his soul, he started to hurt; he became hard and bitter. He lost sight of the bigger picture, turned into Lord Voldemort, and became content with harming people. Without him being whole, he will destroy our world. But you … you can make a difference. He can't kill you, so he might listen to you.""He tried to kill me every chance he got!" Harry sneered."Because he did not know.""Did not know what?" The young man asked exasperated. This was going over his head. All he wanted was to curl up and sleep for a week. Regrettably, that was not possible."That you carry a piece of his soul." A gentle voice explained."Mum." The tears were back."Oh, my precious baby. I wish we had more time. I've talked to Tom. He knows the truth. He might not like it, not even willing to admit to it, but he knows. Tearing his soul apart brought him only pain. That pain clouds his judgement. He needs to become whole again. Go to him and see if you can help. By now, you carry the biggest piece of his soul. Fragments of the diary have latched on to the piece already inside of you." She smiled weakly, though it came out more of a grimace. "Actually, at this point, you might carry more of Tom Riddle's soul than the homunculus over there.""But I don't want … what if I can't help him? He's the reason you are dead! He's the reason so many muggleborn had to die. The reason Neville's parents are in St. Mungos. I can't … he is … he is a monster!""Then kill him." Harry's dad advised."James!""No!" James cut Lily off. "If you can't work with him, you have to kill him. Otherwise, our entire world will tear itself apart. It's your choice, Harry. Know that your mother and I love you no matter what. Albus knows. He set you up. We never wanted you to live with Petunia and her walrus of a husband. Even Snape would have been a better choice of guardian. However, Albus started to play his little games. He manipulates those around him, forces them to do his bidding. He could have given Sirius a trial but didn't. He could have found another guardian for you but didn't. At this point, we are about 90% sure that he even knows about the Horcrux."At that moment, Harry learned that even the best of intentions did not make one a good person. Not if you made the wrong decisions along the way.The pained look on his mother's face showed Harry that she wanted everything but her son to become a cold-blooded killer but … but she would understand. In the end, everything was better than to keep Harry a pawn between two powerful wizards who didn't care about him! These were his parents, and their love was unconditional. "He never knew that," Lily whispered as if reading Harry's mind. "He never knew love because he was conceived without it. Tom was raised in an orphanage where they thought him possessed … a freak (a deliberate choice of word). They hurt him and looked down at him. And after the first Horcrux, pain became his sole companion. Your dad is right, baby. Either find his Horcrux and help him patch up his soul or kill him. In the end, it would be a mercy."He wanted to ask for more advice, for assurance that he was about to do the right thing. It would not be his first kill, wouldn't it? Quirrell had not survived their contact. He had not even been twelve years old by then. But before he could open his mouth, the connection broke. It had not been his doing, yet he lowered his wand all the same. Across the graveyard, he could see something wrapped in a dirty blanket … a thing, that carried the last remnants of Voldemort's soul. He stepped closer, raised his wand …"Finally, ready to finish it?" The high, unnatural voice taunted. The thing tried to rise, to meet this final challenge on his feet rather than bundled up on damp earth. What emerged from the blankets was a creature out of a nightmare. Like a human but not. Stick-thin with arms and legs that seemed too emaciated to support the body. An unnaturally large head with but one, human feature: eyes burning so bright that they dug right into your soul. But instead of hatred, Harry saw rage, desperate, infinite rage and pain so great it threatened to drown him. How could anybody live like that?Well, nobody could … because what Voldemort had was not a life. Harry stepped closer and clutched his wand. Moody had taught them the words. He would save the wizarding world from a mad man by saying them."Avada …"He couldn't.The figure leaned back against the headstone it had propped up against.Harry lowered his wand. "This is wrong." The figure slipped, and the young man jumped to catch it. It felt like matchsticks in human form and for a moment, he was afraid that clutching too hard would break Voldemort right in two. For a heartbeat, he thought that the figure was clawing at this skin, trying to get closer, but then it shoved him away again. "Go on, kill me. There is no other way. The prophecy …"Fuck the prophecy!" Harry spat out empathically, sinking to the floor beside the homunculus, leaning against its headstone. Looking up, he started to chuckle. "Marvolo Riddle. It looks like your namesake holds us up."The figure turned away. "My father.""Really?" The young man studied the grave."My muggle father," the other spat out. "I needed his bones for the ritual that was supposed to give me a body. Bone of the father, unknowingly given. Flesh of the servant, willingly given. Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken."Sagging, Harry shook his head, "Well, I guess that ship has sailed.""I will get my body back," Voldemort hissed. "This is but a reprieve if you are too weak to kill me.""Maybe, but not with 'Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken'.""And pray, why not?" The homunculus taunted. "Don't think for a second that I will spare you if your death factors into my plans!"Studying Voldemort, taking in the pain that still seemed to permeate every part of his body and soul, Harry reached out and pulled them close. It should have been disgusting but having Voldemort close was … right. Maybe the soul pieces in his scar knew that they belonged together. "Because I'm not your enemy any longer.""The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies..." Voldemort recited. "Of course, we are enemies. There is no other way!""That's all?""What?""That's all of the prophecy, you know? That's maybe a quarter of it!""Tell me!"Calculating, Harry studied the figure. He could not kill it, not in cold blood. Maybe his parents had known and had set him on this path of self-discovery. Perhaps they were disappointed. But they had told him that they would love him either way. He believed that. Well, if he could not kill this enemy, he might as well try and make him an ally. "No.""No? How dare you?!""No," Shrugging easily, the young man turned to look at the figure at his side. "It's better when I'm close, isn't it?" He could saw glaring, but neither deny nor confirm the statement. Taking it for the admission it was, he continued, "Listen, I get that at one point you might even have had noble intentions, tried to save our people from the muggles, but with this whole 'soul splitting' business, you got distracted. We have to undo that and then … then we will find a way into the future. Together!"Baffled, the homunculus stared at him. Harry would have laughed, were it not such a gruesome image. "You want to help me?""On a few conditions.""And what conditions might that be?" The figure asked sceptically."First, no more random killings. Actually, scratch that, first we get you a body, then patch up your soul apart from the piece in me. Then we find a solution to save our people. Together!""Why?"That was the crux of the matter, wasn't it? The right answer might give Harry a chance for a better future. A future where he did not have to look over his shoulder constantly. Where he was not on the run from a madman out to kill him every minute of every day. A selfish reason. The wrong answer might get him killed right here, right now. Was he willing to bow to a 'Lord', who had seemed determined to destroy all muggles and 'mudbloods' in the past? Of course not. But, he had to be honest, because a lie could jeopardize the sliver of progress they had already made."Because I'm scared," Harry admitted after a few quiet minutes of contemplation. "I don't want to be afraid all the time. Afraid at home, where my aunt and uncle hate the very sight of me because I have magic. Afraid at school for whatever plot you might come up with next. I just want to … to live; without the fear and hatred."Barking out, Voldemort educated, "Muggles will always hate us. They are jealous of our power. There is but one way out of this. In the end, it's them or us!"Shaking his head, Harry decided, "I don't believe that.""So, you believe in Dumbledore's great plan that we can all get along and sing around the fire, once we are exposed? Don't be naïve, boy!" The other sneered. "The only fires muggles will ever dance around are our pyres!""Don't call me boy," Harry shot back, then he shook his head. "No, there has to be another way. For centuries we stayed hidden. Sure, their technology advances, but so can we. We can find ways to hide better. Maybe even use their technical advances against them. Disillusionment charms on a global scale! Maybe … maybe we can create a place for all wizards to live in peace, away from the muggle world.""And what would you call this place, Utopia?" The Dark Lord mocked."I don't know," Harry snapped back. "For the love of God, I am fourteen years old. This year, I got torched by a dragon, nearly drowned in the Black Lake and fought my way through a maze just an hour ago. I'm exhausted and hurt and … and I don't know!" He felt close to tears but desperately tried to suppress them. He would not cry like a little child, not here, not now. Not when he wanted to be taken seriously but his current/former adversary. He felt Voldemort studying him."Take the cauldron and help me up." The man instructed."Sorry?"With a sigh, the homunculus made an impatient gesture. "You're exhausted, and I require sustenance. Take the tools Wormtail has prepared and let us return to the house."Oh, the house on the hill. The place where the muggle had died. Doing as instructed, carefully picking up Voldemort, who wrapped his spindly arms around Harry's neck before he suppressed a sigh of relief. "Do you think this ritual would have worked?"Tilting his head, the Dark Lord pondered, "Wormtail might have been a snivelling coward, but he was always good with this. In fights, he hid like the rat he was, but when it came to ritual magic, he was extraordinarily skilled. Yes, I believe the ritual would have worked, but - as you have so helpfully pointed out - we lack key ingredients. I need to find another way to gain a body.""We will need help," Harry decided."Not Dumbledore!""No," the young wizard slowly shook his head, "not Dumbledore. But … don't you … you had someone at the school, someone who helped me win, didn't you? You would never take a chance to trust my skill to make it through the maze."It was a cold, superior smile that grace the creature's features and Harry shuddered for a moment."Of course, I have.""I need … I need Hermione. If anybody can help us, it's her."For a heartbeat, the Dark Lord hesitated, then he seemed to come to a decision. "Send her a message. Tell her to get Moody to bring her along. He will know how to get here.""Moody? But …," Harry would have slapped his head, had he not had his hands full. "Polyjuice, right? It's in his blasted hip-flask."With a more honest smile, Voldemort decided. "Maybe this will work after all.""But I don't have an owl.""Then again, maybe not." The older sighed. "My spies told me that you can produce a corporeal Patronus.""There are not Dementors around."Now Voldemort seemed ready to slap his forehead, or better yet, Harry's before he explained with exaggerated patience. "Conjure one and then give it a message. It will find your friend.""Really?""Do, it, stupid boy!"Harry flinched, he always hated it when people called him 'boy'. Still, he entered the house and placed the homunculus in the chair in front of the fireplace. "Expecto Patronum!" All of a sudden, all exhaustion and desperation were washed away by the gentle glow of his patronus. Gently Harry reached out as if to pet the light-figure. "Prongs," he whispered. The stag gently 'nudged' his hand. Though Harry could not feel a physical touch, he felt energy travelling up his arm, filling his body with light and love. The Dark Lord cleared his throat. "Right, please, find Hermione, but don't let yourself be seen. Not even by Ron. Tell her to find Moody and that he should bring her along when he returns to his Lord. I … tell her not to tell anybody else. Please."The stag nudged him once, before galloping through the wall. The exhaustion was back as soon as the last light faded."It's beautiful," Voldemort's quiet voice stated."It's my dad." The stag was not a copy of his father's patronus, but a tiny part of James' protective love he had carried along ever since his dad had died in his defence. "What is yours?"The Dark Lord turned away his head and stared into the dying embers. When the quiet lingered, the young wizard scooted over and re-kindled the flames. For long minutes, neither said a word. Then the Lord admitted quietly, "I have never been able to conjure one."No happy memories. At least none strong enough to feed a patronus. "Maybe we can make some," Harry whispered, not looking up. "Maybe, when you are yourself again, we … we can find a way for you to be happy."Briskly, the figure brushed that away. "My happiness was never a concern, nor will it be in the future. This is about the survival of our race."The younger wizard nodded. "Where's Nagini?" Changing the subject, he looked around for the giant snake that had seemed glued to her master's side before.
  *Nagini!*
*Massster,* the snake hissed, slithering into the room, *you are ssstill tiny.* She disapproved, winding herself around the chair so she could taste the air around Voldemort.*There were … complications,* the Dark Lord admitted. *We lost Wormtail tonight.**Ssstupid rat!* The snake hissed. *Should have eaten him when I had the chance!*Chuckling, Harry gave his twopence, *No objections.* Then he flinched back, when the snake reared its head, hissing at him, jaw opened wide, poison dripping from her fangs. *Sorry, sorry, please, don't eat me. I'm on your side.**Another ssspeaker,* the snake startled, closing her mouth, but still watching him with suspicion. *a mere hatchling.*Pondering on how to introduce Harry, Voldemort admitted after a few moments, *He is our hatchling at the moment, since he is like you, my beauty.*That made the snake uncoil from the armchair and approach Harry. Wearily he held still as she slithered around him, inspecting him from all sides, tasting the air so closely that he could feel the tip of her tongue on his cheek. For several minutes nobody said a word, letting the magical creature come to her own decision. Finally, she slid back to Voldemort, *He'sss too thin. He needs to sssleep. He tastesss like blood. You both need food. I will hunt.*Rolling his eyes, Voldemort shared, "Congratulations, Potter, you've just been adopted.""Not the weirdest thing that has ever happened to me," Harry admitted. "But you need food too. You said so. You drink her milk, right? How do I gather it?" That was something that undoubtedly classified as the weirdest thing he ever had to do. And that said something, given his life. Who knew that you could 'milk' a venomous python? Voldemort was clearly uneasy with Harry's support. But for the lack of Wormtail, there was no choice. His body was weak. Afterwards, they sat in front of a merrily crackling fire, and Harry tried to come up with ideas on how to get food. This house did not exactly feel 'lived in'. When a loud crack broke the peaceful silence, Harry was on his feet in an instant, wand at the ready, hovering between Voldemort and whoever had appeared.He was only slightly surprised when Alastor Moody broke into the room, Hermione pressed close to his body, in something like a chokehold. She stopped struggling when she spotted Harry. Moody needed but a heartbeat to take in the situation, then he barked madly, "Potter, what have you done? Avada …""Crucio!"The torture curse flew past Harry, felling the former Auror in an instant. Hermine slipped free, eyes wide and when she noticed the changing, laughing form beside her. "Master," he gasped. The next moment the curse ended."Bartemius Crouch, you will never, ever raise your wand against Mr. Potter! Have I made myself clear?" The icy voice from the graveyard was back, and only now did Harry realise how much it had changed these last few hours. Voldemort no longer in a murderous mood and him no longer afraid of it.Struggling to his feet, suffering through the transformation when the Polyjuice ran out, the Death Eater pulled off the eye and wooden leg. Then he crawled towards the chair, licking his lip excitedly. "Oh, Master, I never thought I would have the honour to be in your presence again. I …""Silence," the Dark Lord interrupted his faithful servant, who seemed ready to weep for the joy of kneeling at his feet. Instead, he studied Hermione Granger, who had taken in this interaction with a frown. When she realised that no curse would fly her way, she turned towards Harry, blazing, "Harry, James Potter, do you have any idea how worried I have been after Cedric's return and him babbling something about a graveyard?""I'm sorry?" Harry admitted sheepishly, scratching the back of his neck, realising that he so needed a shower. Then Hermione flew into his arms, nearly strangling him with her hug. "I was so scared," she admitted wetly."I'll explain," he promised. Yet when he looked at Voldemort's homunculus, and Barty prostrated before it, "but you might not believe me."Straightening, Hermione briskly pushed back her hair. "Try me."Harry's stomach grumbled, much to his embarrassment. Rolling her eyes, she pulled her rucksack off her back and dragged out his. "Here, I thought you would need that." Then she rummaged through around again and produced a little metal tin and a bottle. "And here." She then dared to look at Voldemort. "No offence … ahm … Sir, but you don't look so good. Do you want to eat something as well?"It took a moment for Harry to identify the homunculus wheezing noise as laughter, "She does have an uncanny ability to state the obvious. I think I like your muggleborn, Mr. Potter."With a small smile, Barty added, "Mrs. Granger is considered the brightest witch of her age for a reason.""Not afraid that I will curse you, Mrs. Granger?"Hermione shook her head, sinking to the floor beside Harry, who was devouring the sandwiches and fruit she had requested from the house-elves shortly before her departure. "Not really. It's clear thatHarry asked for me. He would not do that if he thought me in immediate danger.""Because he has never put you in danger before?" The Dark Lord challenged.Shrugging, Hermione nibbled on an apple piece. She handed half a sandwich to Barty, who seemed to starve as well. "Of course, he has, but he always made sure Ron and I knew what we were getting into. More or less.""You are very loyal.""It would not be the first time I risked my life for him or he for me. That's just how it is."Studying her, the homunculus wanted to know after a few moments, "And you are not disturbed that you are in a room with a Death Eater, a Dark Lord and a sleeping 'Saviour'."Looking down at Harry, who was dozing against her leg, after having inhaled his dinner, she nodded. "Of course, I am. Nothing about this situation seems right. But I trust Harry to have a reason for us being here."After a heartbeat, he instructed, "Barty, there is a book in the cauldron, show it to Miss Granger. Also, there is a couch in the next room. You will be more comfortable there.""Master, with all due respect, I …" The Death Eater didn't seem eager to contradict a direct order. Hermione, however, had no such qualms. "No! Bring the couch here where we can all see each other, it might be okay, but you are not locking us away, doing god knows what."Surprisingly, the figure chuckled, "Your faith in your friend seems boundless, but you don't trust me?""Not even a little.""And if I order you to leave the room?"Shrugging, Hermione pulled the book out of Barty's hands. "I'll wake Harry, and we leave.""He will do that?"The witch shrugged, "He usually trusts my judgement.""What if I curse you?""Then he'll be pissed, and for some reason, I have the feeling that you want to stay on his good side. It's not that hard, really. Just don't hurt anybody unnecessarily."For a heartbeat, the Lord studied her. "You did not mention hurting him."Pressing her lips together in obvious displeasure, Hermione shook her head. "No," she admitted. "I didn't."Locking eyes with her, Voldemort hissed, "Barty, bring the couch and the table and another chair for yourself.""Yes, Master."Upon relocation, Harry had woken briefly and panicked but had allowed Hermione to soothe him back to sleep with his feet pressed against her legs. She and Barty started to study the book that contained the outline of Wormtail's ritual. After mere minutes, Hermione rummaged through her bag again for a notebook and a biro. After an hour, Nagini slithered back into the room, a massive rabbit in her mouth. *Oh, great, more humansss. How many more will there be, ssso I know if I should not ssstart looking for a boar.*Voldemort eased his familiar, *Just them for now. So, I guess the rabbit will suffice. Thank you, my beauty.*Grumbling she climbed back on the chair, winding around his frail body. After a few minutes, quiet breathing indicated that the big, bad Lord Voldemort had fallen asleep, cradled in the coils of his snake."I'm sorry if I've hurt you when bringing you here," Barty stated quietly, not looking up from the book. He seemed as lost with the situation as she. Shrugging, Hermine replied, "I'm not sorry for biting you."The impostor grinned before returning to his studies.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Eventually, Hermione caved and allowed the group to be separated, though she told Harry in no uncertain terms that she would be angry if he got himself a) cursed, b) injured, c) killed or d) all of the above. She and Barty came to an uneasy truce. Both were determined to help, though for very different reasons. The young witch tried to reason with the Death Eater, make him doubt his Lords or at least his methods. Barty Jr., however, was beyond reason. In the end, it was easier to go along with his fatalistic believes than to work against them.She dragged Harry from the house the second evening, away from prying ears. Only a few minutes into her demand for an explanation, Nagini appeared and refused to leave, no matter what Harry said. Sighing, she looked at her friend and finally ended her tirade with, "Why, Harry, please. I'm your friend; unconditionally, you know that. But I need to understand!"Easier said than done, Harry sought. He looked over the graveyard at the foot of the hill, trying to sort through his reasons to find the one Hermione could understand. 'Because it feels right,' would not fly with her. "Because of my parents," he admitted, finally. "After everything they told me, I feel like … I don't think they want me to become a murderer. Quirrell was self-defence, but killing Voldemort in cold blood, hunting down the pieces of his soul so that I can cut the final tether … that's predetermined murder. I tried, Hermione, please, believe me! I just … I can't do that.""What if it's him or the rest of the wizarding world? You've heard the stories about the first war.""Yes," he admitted, turning so she could look into his eyes. "But mum and dad talked about the horcruxes. He tore apart his soul, and it hurts him every minute of every day. I think he might have had good intentions once before this insanity set in. Would so many have followed him otherwise?" Harry sighed, "Honestly, Hermione, I don't know. But mum said that I was not supposed to go to Petunia. Dad … dad of all people said to talk to Snape! I feel like I only have half of the picture and that Dumbledore does not want me to get the rest. And on top of all that, I am a fucking Horcrux! I don't want to die. There has to be another way. Voldemort was my enemy because he overheard like a quarter of a prophecy and was convinced that I was out to get him when I was nothing more than a baby! That's stupid! And it could have been Neville just as easily. It's … I'm confused. Nothing makes sense, and for once in my life, I want to do something about that and not relying on 'adults' to make the right decisions for me. Especially if the 'adults' or more specifically Dumbledore, wants me to go to the Dursleys and wanted Tom to live in an orphanage where he got hurt. That's not … it feels like that's not what a good person would do … allow children to get hurt, you know.""Harry," Hermione whined, interrupting his incoherent rambling. "You have a 'saving people' streak a mile wide, and now you want to save Voldemort? All this … I'm not saying you are wrong or trying to dismiss your feelings, but we'll need help, a lot more help than a crippled soul-shard and a crazy Death Eater can provide.""Who do you think we need?" Harry started scratching the back of his head. They were standing on quicksand, reacting rather than acting. Even he understood that that might not be enough, given the situation.She shrugged, "I think we need Ron. He was always better with tactics and the overall picture.""But Ron's a Weasley and Molly and Arthur believe that Dumbledore can do no wrong. They even know about … you  know, how the Dursleys treat me but never did anything about it."Chewing up her bottom lip, she nodded. She had an idea, but it was a risk. One they could barely afford. After a few minutes of hard thinking, her face hardened, "Call for Dobby.""Dobby?" At her encouraging gesture, Harry called out, "Dobby?!""Harry Potter Sir, Dobby is so relieved to find you healthy!" The elf burst out, tackling Harry around the waist. "Everyone is so worried. The headmaster is been asking for you again and again, but Dobby could not find Harry Potter until Harry Potter called for him.""Listen, Dobby," the young wizard interrupted urgently, "you can't tell Dumbledore that you know where we are!"Glancing over Harry's and Hermione's shoulder, locking eyes with the deadly snake, that lay curled up in the grass, now turning her lidless eyes on the elf, Dobby swallowed compulsively, "Dobby won't say anything. But what can Dobby be doing for Harry Potter?"He looked at Hermione, who wanted to know, "Can you get a letter to Ron, without anyone noticing?"Glancing at Harry again, the elf nodded. "Ron Weasley is still at Hogwarts, Miss Hermione, me can deliver a message easily."Pulling a notebook and a pen out of her ever-present school-bag, Hermione scribbled a hasty note, waved her wand over it with a few whispered words, then handed it to the house-elf. "Get this to Ron but only him. Nobody else must see it."Nodding determined, Dobby took the folded sheet and vanished with a plop.>Things are different than expected. Need insight. Need a plan. Please don't tell anybody we contacted you. What's a Horcrux, and what happens to a person who carries one? H.<"H?"She shrugged. "Let's go back. Either Ron will find us something useful or he won't. Either way, we will know if we can trust him within a few days.""How?" Harry wanted to know. His stomach was grumbling already, and he was longingly thinking of the rabbit-stew he had simmering in the kitchen."It's … I cursed the parchment.""You cursed Ron's message?" The young wizard paled. "How could you …!""Harry, calm down, it's not that kind of curse. It's just … we … I asked him not to tell Dumbledore, well, anybody really. If he goes against that request, his skin will turn inky black. That's all. It won't harm him or hurt him, but it will be visible, and Dobby will tell us it happens."In the study, the Dark Lord chuckled. Of course, he had used his familiar to spy on the teenagers. They knew but had not cared. He could not trust them. Potter might have offered him help, but the boy was the Light's chosen saviour. Voldemort needed more proof before he could offer even a fraction of trust to his former enemy. Fortunately, Barty was around to suffer the consequences of his temper. Had this stupid boy not interfered, he would have a body by now. He wished they would speed up their research. After all, Wormtail had laid out the ritual in detail, and the Library of the Manson should contain everything they needed to adapt it. He did not want to wait any longer. When he had his body back, he would get the full prophecy out of Potter. Nothing else was acceptable!
Dear Hermione,You're lucky Hedwig is willing to carry this letter, all the way to Australia. McGonagall is downright furious that you did not tell her, that you would leave right after the Triwizard's Tournament for the holidays with your parents. I told her that, besides training Harry and our end-of-year exams, you simply forgot. I mean I knew after all. Apparently, parents pulling out their children has to be requested in writing. Anyway, maybe your parents can write to her so that everything is in order.Harry's disappearance during the last task has everyone on edge. But you mustn't worry, I'm sure he's okay. You know how Hedwig was always anxious at the end of the term, but these last two days she sat at the Owl Emporium, calm as you please. So, I think Harry's planned to sneak away this year and warned her ahead of time. I would too if I had to back to those bloody muggles. But the headmaster insists that Harry is not safe outside of the blood wards, so they are all looking for him.Anyway, have fun on your holidays. Maybe you can send me a picture of one of those Kangaroos. I always imagine a jumping mouse, six feet tall. Luna says to be aware of snakes, big and small. It seems every species down under poisonous, including but not limited to the ones only Luna knows about.Yours
            Ron

  *Can I eat her?*
*Touch Hedwig and I'm making a belt out of you,* Harry threatened absent-minded, half petting his familiar, half-studying Ron's letter. With a sigh, he sank on the couch, where Hermine and Barty were making room for him. "Dumbledore is looking for me.""But in vain," Hermione nodded. "Dobby?""Dobby!" When the elf popped up, the young wizard wanted to know, "What colour did Ron's skin have when you saw him today?""Ahm … youngest Mister Weasley's skin was white and red as always," Dobby replied, confused-looking between Harry and Hermione. "But Master Weasley asked me to give you this if I was called. Dobby tried to come to deliver the message. But Dobby can't come here without being called."The teenagers looked at the homunculus, who sat with his own tome. How he even managed to hold it was beyond them. Briefly looking up, Voldemort shared, "Ward around the property. Of course, I am not so stupid, as to let anybody enter uninvited.""Could you maybe make an exception for Dobby?" Harry requested cautiously."No," the Dark Lord decided. "You want to talk to your servant you call for him.""Dobby is a free elf!" The little creature insisted, "Dobby is Harry Potter's friend. He helps because he wants to, not because he has to!""Even worse!" Voldemort snapped, "he's a security risk! Shoo, leave now. You may return when Potter calls for you, but not a moment sooner!" Forced out, the elf popped away."That was mean," Harry commented."Dark Lord," the Dark Lord matched his dry tone. "It's in the job description."Knowing that there was no talking to the … man when he was like that, the teenager sighed and leaned over Hermione's shoulder to read Ron's second message. Well, if his parents were right and Voldemort was in constant pain, his generally unpleasant demeanour could be explained, but god that man was a bastard.>Hope you and Harry are safe. Don't send Hedwig; Dumbledore put a tracking spell on her. The twins cancelled it for me. They put it on a school owl and sent it off to Australia. Need to get in touch with Bill, so give me a week before sending Dobby again. R.<Trading a glance, Hermione sighed before returning to her book. Harry rose and left for the kitchen. Now that he did not have to cook, he found it quite relaxing. Also, Barty and Hermione were terrible at it, and the idea of asking Voldemort for food was downright ridiculous.Now, all they could do was wait.
"May your enemies tremble at your feet.""May your gold ever flow. What can we do for you, Mr. Weasley?""I would like to talk to my brother.""It's working hours. Your brother is currently occupied!"Counting down coins from his purse, Ron put them on the counter. "I formally request an hour of your curse breaker's time." They could take his money and send him someone, someone not Bill, but a man could hope. Ron had scraped together the last of his savings, so this was a one-shot.After waiting for more than an hour in a grand, dark room, the door opened, "Sorry, Sir, I was otherwise engaged when someone told me of your request. What can I do … Ron?"Taking a steadying breath, he hoped that he was not making a mistake by talking to his oldest brother. "I need your help, Bill."Closing and sealing the door, Bill hugged his baby brother. "Of course, Ronny, but why didn't you visit or asked me at home, that would have been cheaper.""Client confidentiality. You're bound to it since I paid for your time. Right?" Only after Bill had nodded hesitantly, did he dare to ask, "Do you know what a Horcrux is?"For a heartbeat, Ron was afraid his brother would faint, he paled so dramatically, even swayed on his feet. After swallowing a few times, Bill asked hoarsely, "Where have you heard that word?"The younger offered an impatient gesture, "Bill, this is important. What is a Horcrux, and how do you get it out of a living being?"Seven minutes later, Ronald Weasley was white as a sheet, trembling in his seat."It's Harry, isn't it?"Nodding reluctantly, the young man allowed himself to take comfort from embracing his brother. At least he was safe. "I have to go. I …""No," Bill reached out for him. "We need to talk to mum and dad. We need help if … this is bigger than all of us."Yanking his arm away, Ron spat out, "We can't! They will go to Dumbledore. They've always believed in him! Don't you see, by Merlin, we were so stupid!" Agitated, Ron started to pace the room. He had always been good under pressure. Well, actually no, he had learned to be good under pressure, after becoming Harry's friend. "The 'obstacles' for the Philosopher's Stone, Fawkes and the Sword of Gryffindor, the Dementors, and finally the Triwizard's Tournament, all these things were tests for Harry. To see if he could rise to the challenge.""Ron, you're not making sense. How could Dumbledore be responsible for any of these events?"Thinking it through, Ron counted up his fingers, "First, he sent Hagrid to Gringotts when he had Harry in tow. That was practically an invitation to snoop around. The same year he explained to him how the Mirror of Erised worked, the final hiding-place of the stone. And honestly, how could the headmaster not know that something was wrong with Quirrell? He worked with the man for years! Second-year, the Chamber! He told us that 'aid would come to those who are loyal', and during the fight, his own familiar brought Harry the Sorting Hat with the Sword and saved him from the basilisk venom. Bill, phoenix tears are the only substance powerful enough to counteract basilisk venom. Hermione looked it up. And what kind of wards does Hogwarts have if they don't even warn the Headmaster of an object as dark as Riddle's diary? The Dementors? I mean, come on, you saw Pettigrew last week. Sirius Black was sent to Azkaban without a trial. Without even being guilty? Dumbledore is Chief Warlock and Supreme Mugwump! Don't tell me that he could not have done anything. At least he could have asked a few questions, even without getting directly involved! And this year? You're a curse breaker, tell me, was there a way to get Harry out of the contract with the cup?""Of course," Bill shot back instantly, "there is a clause that enables underage … fuck!""William Weasley, no cursing in the house!" Ron imitated their mother's voice at his brother's swearing."Sorry, I … you know what, fuck it! We are not at home. This fucking, demented, evil bastard! Of course, there was a way to get Harry out of participating. He was underage! He didn't enter himself! His legal guardian could revoke the contract and since Sirius escaped … he could have contacted him; kept Harry safe but …""He wanted Harry to rise to the occasion," Ron repeated unemphatically. "Wait, how do you know that Dumbledore knows of Sirius' whereabouts?""I … he …," Bill hesitated, "look, I'm not supposed to tell you this until later in the summer, but there is this group, 'The Order of Phoenix'. Dumbledore created them during the first war. The Potters, the Longbottoms, our family and a few others were members. They tried to fight the Dark Lord, and he has already talked to dad about rekindling it. Dad has asked me if I wanted to help but …""You should.""Are you nuts? With what you've just told me, this man has anything but the best intentions. I shudder to think about what he is willing to do to achieve his goals." The curse breaker contradicted."Bill, you should do it," Ron repeated.Studying his brother, the redhead understood. "You want someone on the inside.""Someone I … we can trust," the younger man whispered. Sighing, he closed his eyes. "I need to go, Bill. I have to … I don't know what Harry has gotten himself into, but I know it has something to do with Voldemort and he … well, he needs all the help he can get."After a few seconds, Bill shook his head, "You can't just vanish. That will make mum and dad suspicious. Hold out for a day or two and then … we'll figure something out. You could come to me. We'll tell them you are interested in the tactical approach of curse-breaking. Ron, you can't do this alone. You are fifteen; all of you are teenagers!""I was eleven for the stone.""Yes, but now you have someone in your corner. I'll talk to Charlie and …""Fred and George," Ron pondered. "They helped me save Harry summer after first-year. We pulled out the bars of his window with dad's flying car.""Bars … I thought you were exaggerating! Who would lock up a twelve-year-old in a room with bars on the windows like a prison?""Vernon and Petunia Dursley.""Ron?""Yes, Bill?" For a moment, the young redhead had to suppress a shudder. He had never seen his brother with such cold, calculating eyes."The address."This was his responsibility, Ron realised. If he gave Bill the address of the Dursley's, he was responsible for everything his brother would do to these despicable muggles. He would also be responsible for his brother learning the truth about Harry's upbringing first-hand. They were only fifteen. They did need as many people in their corner as possible. So, Ron made a choice. "No. 4 Pivet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.""I'll pick you up from the Burrow in three days. Be ready."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I will most certainly not tell you what my Horcrux' are," Voldemort stated, stick-arms folded before his chest, glaring at the teenagers furiously. His Death Eater, wisely, stayed out of the discussion, hovering just at the edge of the Dark Lord's field of vision."Barty, Hermione, please, leave," Harry requested quietly. He had listened to their explanation about the new ritual. How it needed as many Horcrux as possible to increase the chances of success. Barty had offered to brew the necessary elixirs. Hermione had confirmed that the setup was sound. He trusted them. Voldemort didn't. Once they were alone, Harry sank into an armchair."I will not …""You have to, and you know it." Harry interrupted quietly. "You've seen the ritual. You might not trust Hermione, but Barty is yours. I'm not saying that you will have to tell Hermione or me, but we need them, and you understand that. The diary is mostly lost, only a part that latched onto my soul-shard is still available. At least that's what mum said.""Your interference is not appreciated, Mr. Potter!""I know, but it's needed." Harry crouched down before the homunculus, gently touching the wrinkled, too big hand. "I know this is scary," he stated quietly, "I'm scared too. But if we have all soul-containers in one place, we could restore your body as well as your power. Isn't that what you want?"As always when Harry was close, Voldemort seemed torn between taking comfort in the presence of his largest Horcrux and pulling back, as not to appear weak. For a few heartbeats, he allowed the contact, then he pulled back and requested harshly, "Send in Bartemius."Nodding, Harry left. Wards sprang up when the Death Eater entered. "I'll get dinner started.""I'll get back to the library, make sure we're not missing something."
An hour later, Barty half staggered, half crawled into the kitchen and vanished into the pantry. Harry finished his dinner preparations. Then he could not ignore the quiet whimpers any longer. Picking up a bottle, Hermione had helped him brew the day before, he entered the dark pantry and slid down beside a trembling Barty. "Do you want a nerve tonic? I think I got it right this time. Hermione helped."Half laughing half sobbing, licking his lips raw, Barty curled up beside the young wizard. "I deserve this. I can't make him better. He's in pain every minute of every day, while I lived the pampered life of a prince for the last ten years.""Barty you were in prison.""My mum got me out, and it was the Imperius Curse again and again and again. For weeks … months at a time, I was floating in a cloud of ignorant bliss while my master was roaming the lands, hurt and alone."Cautiously reaching out for the half-mad Death Eater, Harry caressed his head, and when the other edged closer, he helped him drink the potion. After a few minutes, the sobs started. "I should have fought harder, should have escaped sooner. Wormtail was of no use. I could have helped my master much better. He would not have had to suffer for so long."It is right for me to take at least a fraction of his pain," the Death Eater whispered wetly. "He mustn't suffer alone."Not knowing what else to do, Harry reached out for the young man and pulled him in, allowed him to cry in his arms and whispered comforting nonsense. After nearly an hour, Barty finally fell asleep, and Harry levitated him up to one of the empty rooms.After dinner, when he helped Voldemort to Nagini's milk, he commented quietly, "You should not hurt Bartemius so much. He did nothing wrong.""Barty is glad to take the pain. Life means suffering. He knows that better than most."Sighing quietly, Harry wanted to contradict that statement, but could not. In the end, Voldemort was right. Still, he added in a whisper, "Kindness will get you further than fear." Then he left.That night Barty's crawled into his bed. Harry let the other wizard seek comfort in his touch. When they were both awake in the early morning hours, the man admitted, "It's better with you close. I think it's the piece of his soul that calls out to my mark."How about that?
A cursed ring.An ancient cup - and hadn't that been an exciting trip to Gringotts.Not only was Harry officially an adult, due to his participation in the Tournament, he was also Lord Potter and Black, allowing him to enter Bellatrix Lestrade nee Black's vault. Now Harry was emancipated and had money. A lot of money! Voldemort had been delighted, but the young wizard had made it clear that he would not serve as his vault. He would pay for what he deemed necessary, not more. Someone else could fund the Dark Lord's briberies.Surprisingly, sneaking into Hogwarts through the Honeyduke's cellar at night had been easier said than done. The Room of Hidden Things had opened easily for Harry and Hermione. Through all the junk, Ravenclaw's Diadem had called out to him. All in all, the entire mission had barely taken more than an hour. Barty had apparated them back to the Manor, as soon as they had left the grounds.That left them but one locket short.Being the least recognisable of the lot, and carrying a wand without a trace, Barty had taken it upon himself to embark on the journey to fetch it. Voldemort had insisted on him taking a house-elf along, but Harry had refused to call for Dobby. He still did not trust the Dark Lord to value his little friend's life. Hermione had recalled that Winkey had been entirely out of it last year and when Barty had called his old caretaker, she had appeared, drunk, dirty and sobbed all over his feet.When they returned later the next day, she was even worse off, and for the first time, Harry believed that he could see something like contempt in the Death Eater's eyes.Voldemort's anger of discovering that the locket had been stolen had the house tremble at its foundations. Still, Barty refused to go in and ease him.Harry thought that a step in the right direction.
Seven days after Ron's message, Hermione and Harry were debating of pulling the redhead into this mess. Dobby had done a little spying for them and shared that his skin was still white and freckled. However, the entire Weasley Clan - sans Charlie, who was still in Romania - had been moved to Grimmauld Place and Dobby did not know what to make of that. Mostly because Kreacher had tried to chase him out, every chance he got."I can't expect him to go against his parents. How should I even explain it to him?"Rubbing her forehead, Hermione could not contradict that. Still, she advised, "Let it be his decision.""Dobby!" When the elf popped up, he instructed, "Get Ron the next time you find him alone."A few hours later, they were debating the chances of a successful ritual with one horcrux short, when Dobby and Ron appeared.Voldemort's wand sprang into his hand. Harry watched his pale best friend glance from Voldemort to Harry, Hermione and Barty Jr. before returning to the Dark Lord. He did not shout, did not rage; he just waited. Calmly, Harry stated, "If you hurt him, I'll walk. Ron's mine."They waited with bated breath as the Lord judged the young wizard. After a full minute, he lowered his wand. "Very well, Mr. Weasley. Mr. Potter is convinced you are not only able but willing to contribute to our case. Take a seat and enlighten us on what a fifteen-year-old wizard has to offer."Swallowing compulsively, Ron looked at Harry and Hermione, regret swimming in his eyes, as he whispered, "I don't think I should do that.""Why?" Harry wanted to know. He loved Ron. The redhead had been his first friend. To see him judge him and then leave, probably rat them out hurt to his bones."Because it was all a lie." The young wizard whispered, breaking down, "Our first meeting, you talking to us, oh Harry, it was all a setup!"Helpless, Hermione pulled their friend to the sofa, rubbing his back, while looking at Harry fearfully."I've talked to Bill about … about what you asked me. I'll tell you later but first, … I realised that this was all a setup. Bill said that it would have been possible to get you out of the Tournament. But Dumbledore wanted you to compete. He allowed the Dementors at school in third-year, knowing that Sirius Black would never hurt you. He sent Fawkes with the sword when you were down in the Chamber. Don't you think it's suspicious that the creature coming to your aid was the one that had the power to heal Basilisk venom? And in first-year the Philosopher's Stone … I've talked to the others, you were the first one, the only one ever escorted by Hagrid. Usually, it's a teacher. That he picked up the parcel where you could see it … he wanted you to know about it, to go after it so he could test you even when you were but a tiny eleven-year-old! And the train, … Harry, I …."Gentry rubbing his best friend's back, taking in the information Ron had just laid out for him, Harry suppressed the anger and heartache. "It's okay, Ron. It's not your fault.""But it is!" The redhead sniffed. "It's … it has all been a plot, even our friendship! Do you know when we went to the Platform 9 ¾ the last time through the muggle entrance? When Fred and George started Hogwarts, and they insisted on 'running against a wall enhances the experience'! Before that, it was for Bill's first time. Otherwise, we would always floo. Mum even said that we should look out for muggle raised wizards. Don't you see? She knew you would be there, and she even introduced us. Otherwise, I might not have sat with you. She set us up. I'm so sorry."Harry felt like he had been just doused with cold water. Was anything in his life untouched by the old bastard? Did nothing belong to him, not even his friends? Then Hermione slapped both of them up the head. "You two, stop right now! Yes, Dumbledore might have enabled your friendship, but he did not force Ron to stay friends with you, Harry. He didn't force Ron to hang out with you and help you along when you did not know how to write with a quill or anything about Quidditch. And he most certainly did not force the two of you into a bathroom to save a scared, little witch from a mountain troll or follow you down a trap door to god knows where. Our friendship is as real as you want it to be. Dumbledore might have started it, but what we made of it was never up to him! Us sitting here now is the best proof of that."Ron glanced towards Voldemort and Barty before looking at his friends. Harry smiled, "You did not even know who I was when you asked to sit with me. I only introduced myself later."Offering a weak smile in return, Ron let Harry pull him into a strangling hug and mirrored the gesture with vigour. After a moment, Hermione was drawn in. For a few minutes, neither of the three said a word. Then Ron pulled back and blew his nose; then he demanded to know, "Tell me what's going on."And they did: the ritual, the Horcrux, Voldemort's plans to save their people. Ron did not look convinced."You killed my uncles, Gideon and Fabian Prewitt.""I killed many people," Voldemort stated coldly. "We were at war.""I don't like you.""However, will I survive?""Bastard," Ron mumbled, before turning towards his two best friends. "Alright, what do you need?""We are one Horcrux short of attempting the ritual. After that, we're not exactly sure. You said Dumbledore is in a tiff?"Snorting, the redhead revealed, "He created this group of vigilantes: the 'Order of Phoenix'. Both of our parents were part of it during the last war. The headquarter is at …" frowning, Ron opened and closed his mouth a few times until Barty piped up, "That would be the Fidelius Charm that hides the headquarters. You can't talk about it, write about it or use any other means of communication that would betray its location.""That's what hid the house in Godric's Hollow, right?" Harry inquired eagerly."Correct," the Dark Lord nodded, "had the Secret Keeper not ratted you out, I would have never had a chance to find you.""Scabbers," Ron clenched his fists. "They took him in for questioning. Sirius trial is tomorrow. Somehow, Dumbledore did not look happy about that."Immediately, Harry wanted to know, "If they free him, I could live with him, right? I would not have to go back to the Dursley's."Rolling his eyes, Voldemort sneered, "You've been emancipated. You could live at Potter Manor if you wished to.""I have a Manor?"Crackling, Barty asked, "Did you even read the portfolio the goblins shoved at you?""Ahm … not really.""Harry," Hermione scolded, "you are an adult now. You should be aware of your finances.""And houses and companies and land you own." Ron piped up, "The Potters were very well off, and the Blacks wealth is only surpassed by the Malfoys in both money and power. Now that you are the head of both families, I think you are even wealthier than Draco.""And still wearing rags," the Dark Lord commented."Sorry, my Lord," Harry mocked, "it's not as if clothes shopping was on top of my list these last few days.""Anyway, let's get back to the ritual. Then we can try to discuss what needs to happen next." Hermione stirred them back on track."We are still missing Slytherin's locket!" Harry cautioned. "Somehow it feels wrong to try this, without it.""Slytherin's locket?" Ron wanted to know, staring at the picture, Hermione had pulled out of her binder. Studying it, he tilted his head before mumbling, "I've seen this before. Where have I seen this before?"It turned out that with the title of Lord Black came the authority over the Black elves. Kreacher gave up his treasure only reluctantly but was too scared of Voldemort to offer much resistance. The power in the room was tangible, menacing and suppressive. The Death Eater and the three children barely dared to touch the pieces, though Harry felt inexplicably drawn to them. Finally, Barty whispered, "The Dark Moon is in three days. We'll have everything ready by then, master."Voldemort merely summoned his Horcrux and then sealed himself in his room.Harry sneaked in around midnight.
"Where are we?""The Forest of Dean, I went camping here once, with my parents.""Hermione?""Yes, Ron?""Why are we in the middle of some muggle woods?"Shouldering past the squabbling teenagers Barty, Voldemort in his arms and Nagini at his heel, followed his hovering wand. "Because there is a place of magic in this area. A pool of sorts. We've only found remarks of it in passing."An hour later, Voldemort decided, "This is not working. Harry, come here.""Woof," the young man rolled his eyes, but obediently stepped up to Barty and took the Dark Lord into his arms. As always, the homunculus seemed to relax when he was close to his 'biggest' Horcrux. When he gestured for the bag with the remaining pieces of his soul, Harry slung it over his shoulder. Then he looked into the young man's eyes and instructed, "Let go of your barriers."For a moment, Harry watched him suspicious but then nodded. It was not as if the Dark Lord could not force his way into his mind. Asking to be let in could be considered progress. Both breathed deeply when the connection was made, and a few heartbeats later, they were gone. The remaining teenagers and Barty shared a nervous glance before Nagini hissed something and slithered off. A few minutes later, they found Harry setting up the ritual space around a small pond of about ten square feet in diameter.The ritual itself relied on ancient magic and the healing powers of the place where it was cast. Within half an hour, everything was prepared, and the teenagers looked at the last rays of the dying sun that filtered through the leaves on this July 26th of 1995. Tonight would be the New Moon, but right now, before the night had reached its peak, the Dark Moon would provide the perfect circumstances for a rejuvenation ritual. They had been quite rushed to get everything together to even think about attempting it, but Voldemort had been too eager to get his body back finally. Delaying until July was not an option.Hermione averted her eyes when Harry sank into the pool skyclad, ring and locket the only decorations adorning his body. Voldemort held the diadem and the cup. Nagini slipped into the waters behind them. The giant snake was surprisingly graceful when she circled them. It was pitch black when Barty intoned the ritual, pouring potions and elixirs, crushed crystals and herbs into the pool."Per os patris ignara dedit, et renovare tui."The unknowingly given bone of Tom Riddle Senior was dumped into the waters to renew his son."Servus autem sanguis, libenter dedisset, vivifica tuus dabit tibi."Instead of the limb, Wormtail might have offered, Barty cut open his arm wrist to elbow, letting his blood flow into the pool, to revive his master. Ron healed the cut when the Death Eater started to sway. Now only one ingredient was missing - the one Harry had to give."Vivere est amicus sponte obtulerunt tu autem animam tuam resurrectionem mate.">Live of a friend, freely offered, you will resurrect your soul mate.< They have discussed this last line at length. Hermione had been adamant that Harry offering his life would cost it. But her friend had assured her, that only a part of his life-force would be needed to revive Voldemort's new body. Together with his horcrux, it might weaken him, but surely not to a dangerous level. Tom Riddle's line was last."Partes animae collatis me totum."All pieces of his soul brought together would make him whole again. At least that was the theory.When the ritual started, a blinding light filled the pool as if the water had turned into a giant Lumos. When the pull started, Barty reached for Ron and Hermione and apparated them away. Once they were back at the Manor, Hermione barreling against his chest, screaming, "Bring us back! We don't know what's happening. They could need our help!"With more sanity than they had ever seen in his eyes, Barty Crouch told them, "If we return now, this ritual will not only cost Harry's life but yours too."Holding back Hermione, who started to tremble in defeated fury, Ron studied the Death Eater. "You knew that this would happen. That Voldemort's resurrection would need more than bone of the father and flesh of the servant and all the crap. It would need Harry."The wizard nodded."And Harry knew it too."Barty hesitated but nodded in the end. "Let us say your friend had a strong suspicion."Hermione started to scream, fight Ron's grip, but the redhead did not let go. Instead, he responded calmly, "Harry has beat worse odds before. He'll be back."Tonelessly Barty replied, "No, he won't. It was always his life for my masters. Lord Voldemort knew that, right from the beginning. He respects Harry Potter, but he can do more to save our world than any teenager."Smiling joylessly, holding Hermione together, Ron challenged, "Wanna bet?"
 
  
    Chapter Text
    It hurt, god how much this hurt. But Harry was determined to hold on until the power exchange was completed. He hoped he would not drown, or die from magical exhaustion, but was prepared for it. It was not as if he could expect Voldemort to save him.
The young Lord had used this last week to put his affairs in order, while Ron had been in and out of Grimmauld Place. Harry had gone over his inheritance from both the Potter and the Black family. He had set up a fund for Fred and George's joke shop. Ten-Thousand galleons would make a suitable starting point. The only stipulation had been them setting up a foundation from ten percent of their winnings to help children from low-income backgrounds. No more going to Hogwarts with second-hand robes.
Ron would be the heir of the Black family. Since all purebloods were distantly related, he had found one of Ron's ancestors to anchor the inheritance. The goblin who had accompanied him on his first trip to Gringotts, Ironclaw, had been particularly helpful in that matter. That Bill had joined him to these meetings had been a tremendous relief, especially since Ron had assured him that he was in the known. Harry was more than grateful for Bill's input. Yet, when he had offered monetary compensation, the redhead had only shaken his head. "Ron always had it hardest. He's no curse-breaker, though he certainly would have the mindset for it, not fearless like Charly, not studious like Percy and not ingenious like Fred and George. He's not even a girl. Hence, he's easily overlooked, just the 'youngest Weasley boy'. You are elevating him above all others. There this nothing I could offer, that would ever make up for what you are doing for my little brother. It is I who is in your debt, Harry."
Hermione would receive the Potter holdings, houses, and companies. Though one, tiny cottage by the sea, surrounded by several acres of wood, was excluded, willed to someone else, by name and deed. The Potter charter allowed a non-pureblood heir, and Harry intended to make full use of that stipulation. The Potters also held several seats in the Wizengamot, not only Potter but Peverell as well - quite ancient seats Harry had learned - with a lot of influence. With such a political pull, and Ron by her side to throw in the Black-seats as a backup, his brilliant witch would change the world.
Voldemort had agreed to a binding oath. The only demand Harry had had for going into the ritual, to protect his friends and those they held dear.
The cottage by the sea, he had set aside for Severus Snape. Maybe it was the grudging respect of his father, perhaps the look in his mother's eyes, when she had talked about the hated Potion Master. Somehow this felt right. It was such a minor thing compared to the rest. Harry had not felt like taking anything away from his friends.
That's why he was doing his damn best to hold on to Voldemort, grasping for his hands, when the man's body filled out and grew in his arms. He could do this, so his friends would be safe.

It was ecstasy and agony. Tom had not imagined resurrection to be so painful, so full of regrets. He had read that to re-absorb a Horcrux, one needed to regret the death that had created it. But it was hard when feeling righteous for killing his traitor of a father or grandfather for abandoning his mother. Still, he wanted to be whole, so he tried. With every Horcrux that returned to him, he felt more remorse. Nagini gave up her soul-shard easily. The cup put up no resistance either. Then the diadem and the locket were absorbed. It was more challenging with the ring because he had hated the old man with all his heart, but in the end, it became nothing more than a worthless trinket on his former enemy's finger. Lastly, he started to pull on the shard of the lightning bolt scar that adorned the 'Boy who Lived's' forehead. The tiny fraction of his soul slipped out, but when it came to the remains of the diary, the young man put up a fight. Livid that the ritual refused to complete, Voldemort started to pull with all of his soul until the battle of wills had him lose consciousness.
They were floating in impenetrable darkness. Tom felt Harry's hand in his, desperately holding on. When he wove their fingers together, the frantic young man stilled. He felt the stone of the Gaunt ring slicing into the skin of his palm but paid it no mind. Then, images formed around them. He recognised the Potters, and another young woman, who looked at him with so much love that he felt like drowning. Her voice was full of regret when she whispered, "Oh, Tom. I am so sorry."
That could not … there was no way! "Mother?"
"Oh, my precious little boy," the gaunt woman reached out. Her hand covered his cheek, and though it was insubstantial, like smoke in the wind, he felt something, something he could not describe, cold and warm, light and heavy at the same time. It filled his body, his very soul, and he sobbed. He wanted to touch her in return, but that blasted boy would not let go of his hands. So, all he could do was drinking in the sight of the young woman who had given life to him and then abandoned him at an orphanage.
Remorseful, she whispered, "I am so sorry, sweetheart. I wanted … I wanted to know you, to raise you, but I could not. I was weak. I tried to give you the best chances in life. Wool's orphanage was said to be rich and prosperous. They did not stuff dozens of children into tiny rooms. There were uniforms and always enough food. They even took me in. I'm so sorry that they hurt you. They were so wrong not to see how extraordinary you are."
"Mother, I …"
He had always believed that he hated his mother. That he would curse her should he ever lay eyes on her. But this young woman, barely more than a girl, told him that she had tried her best, no matter how pitiful those efforts had been. She had not been malicious or neglecting like his father and grandfather. In the end, there was only one thing he could say, something he felt was long overdue, "I forgive you."
The tears that streamed down her eyes were ones of joy, and somehow, they made her look years younger, invigorated like a young woman any man could fall in love with. Looking for the spectres that surrounded Harry, she turned towards him once again, looking solemn. "Listen, Tom. I have tried to watch over you, and  though I could not do anything, I can tell you the truth."
"The prophecy?"
Smiling, she shook his head. "No, your little soulmate can tell you about that."
"He's not my soulmate any longer. The Horcruxes are back where they belong. He's not important any longer."
"Are you sure?"
Before Voldemort could think this through, his mother spoke again. "There is something you must remember when this is all over: listen to Harry. Fate set you on a path together, and this young man can help you reach unimaginable heights. Not because you clawed them from every witch and wizard of Britain, but because they will succumb to you. It won't be easy, and it won't be quick, but he has better ideas about how to gain unwavering loyalty than you."
"He's but a boy."
"But he has known love for the first year of his life. And he has re-learned it during the last four years. I wish you could see him the way we do, my darling. He is shining so bright, willing to give himself up for the sake of those around him. You need to protect him, make sure people don't take advantage."
"People like Dumbledore."
"Exactly, people like Dumbledore. He always preaches about this 'greater good', but in the end, he has the wrong ideas. If you do not value every single magical life, light and dark, human and creature, you are doomed to fail. Life and magic need balance. Without it, we will fall."
Tom was not sure if his next words were an accusation or a statement. He just had to know before he could walk his path anew. "Dumbledore said that I could never know love because I was conceived without it."
Frowning, his mother inquired, "Because of the Amortentia?" When he nodded, she shook her head, "Oh love, Dumbledore could not be more wrong. Yes, I made a mistake when dousing your father, but you have no idea how I felt when he finally wrapped his arms around me. I was so blissfully happy and so very much in love. Your father's love might have been magically induced, but mine was always real. And believe me, sweetheart, I loved you so very much. For the nine months, I carried you under my heart and even those few, precious hours I could hold you after you were born. So, forget these foolish words. If you find someone worthy of your love, I know that you will be able to love him or her back. I know that it can be scary because it gives those you love power over you, and I know first-hand how that can break you. But it will always be your choice to risk it. And even if I chose the wrong man, he gave me you, and I can never regret that!"
"Mother, I …" He wanted to say more, to know more. He had hated his mother for so long, for her weakness and her fear. But now … now it was not enough seeing her like a spectre. He needed.
"No, my darling. You have to let go now. Harry will be here to support and guide you. If you let him, he can teach you compassion. Together, you can be unstoppable. You only need to give him a chance."
Then, she drifted away, as Tom Riddle felt Harry Potter's hand slip out of his grasp.

"Mum! Dad! What are you doing here?"
Smiling, his mother gestured at the clutched hands. "We thought to take advantage of the second Peverell heirloom that has come into your possession."
"The second?"
"My invisibility cloak being the first," James explained. "It was given to me by my father, who received it from his father and so on back to the original owner Ignotus Peverell. The stone on the ring was inherited through the Slytherin and Gaunt line from Cadmus. You are fortunate that Tom handed it over so easily as that now makes it yours."
"I don't understand."
"Read the Tale of the Three Brothers. I am sure you will find it quite educational. Only one Hallow is missing to complete your set. But I am sure it will come to you eventually." His father advised with a smile.
"Listen, baby," his mother interrupted them, "there is something I need to ask of you."
"Of course, mum, anything," Harry replied eagerly. He was so deliriously happy to see them again. Maybe it was the drain of power that made him light-headed or the warm water of the pool that kept him afloat but right this second; he wished this moment would never end.
"It's about Severus. I … we were friends, once upon a time and then circumstances changed … we drifted apart. Your father and the other Marauders were right bastards to him," when James wanted to protest, she cut him off with an impatient gesture. "And though that did not give him the right to insult me, I was wrong not to accept his apology. For years I have felt like I have pushed him at Voldemort and asked myself if I could have spared him all this suffering, had I only taken his hand. He made a horrible mistake, and it cost our family everything, but … but he felt honest remorse when he realised what he had done. He even went to Dumbledore to request protection for our family. The headmaster used Severus guilt against him, forced him to become a spy. The day I died Severus swore that he would protect you. It hurts him to see your father in you, but he still kept his promise. Please, try to at least respect him for that."
When he looked at his father, the spectre nodded solemnly, "Severus Snape might have made a mistake, but he is not a bad person. I was, in school, because I was jealous of his friendship with Lily; and Sirius … well, he wasn't any better. Remus was the only one half-way decent, but him being a werewolf …"
"What did Snape do?" Harry wanted to know.
Helplessly his parents traded a look. His father wanted to tell him, but his mother was pleading with her eyes not to. Maybe she was afraid that Harry would hold back any support he could offer. What could the man have done that was so horrible?
"Ever since our death, his only loyalty was to you. Use that, son," James advised. "You need to be clever and cunning. Voldemort marked you as his equal, and your soul seems reluctant to give up his 17-year-old self."
Confused, Harry shook his head, "But the ritual should have combined his pieces again."
"Not all of them," his mother whispered, nodded towards a see-through figure, lingering at the outside of their circle, then she slipped away.

The two wizards became aware of each other once their parents had drifted away. Vibrant green eyes met tired red ones before both turned into the direction Lily Potter had indicated. It was an impression of the young Tom Riddle who had torn his soul apart with the help of a basilisk.
Impatiently, Voldemort commanded, "Return to me!"
Yet the young Tom Riddle shook his head. "No. I am more Harry's or even Ginny's than I am yours. As the seventh Weasley child is not available, I chose Harry Potter."
"He does not even want you!" The Dark Lord hissed. "This ritual was about making me whole again!"
Looking at the images of the two wizards that were the same and yet not, Harry contradicted, "That's not true."
"How dare you! You promised you would see this through!"
Smiling, Harry let go of one of Voldemort's hands and offered it to the spectre. "And the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal."
"What?" Both Tom Riddles spoke in unison.
"You wanted to know the prophecy. That is the third line. You gave me a piece of your soul when you tried to kill me, thus marking me as your equal. I won't give that up. We agreed to do this together!"
Hissing angrily, Voldemort contradicted, "You were not even supposed to survive tonight!"
Harry grinned, "So you read it too. I went great lengths to keep it from Hermione. Otherwise, she would have never let me come. But I have to say given the circumstances, I am reluctant to go. He will return to me, and I will stay by your side to make you whole. That will fulfil the demands of my oath, even without me dying."
The young Tom Riddle looked at his counterpart, "Our diary was an extraordinary piece of magic. Ready to absorb fractions of souls when people used it. Harry Potter freed Ginny's soul when he put a basilisk fang through it, forcing me to give up most of her soul. But I am still more than before, a little bit of Ginny and a good part of Harry. I will mend with him, keeping one Horcrux intact so Death will never get a hold on us. Now, let go!"
It was like Voldemort felt the iron grip, he had had on his soul-piece lessen until it could drift away. For a heartbeat, he feared that it would disappear into the ether. But then he noticed Harry holding fast. The spectre floated over to the young man and merged with him. Meeting Harry Potter's eyes, he could see a red tint colouring them brown. After a heartbeat, the vibrant green was back.
"So mote it be."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    When they came back to themselves, the night was still pitch black. Fortunately, the faint light of the pool was enough to illuminate their surroundings. While Harry scrambled out of the water, flopping down on a makeshift towel, he had transformed his shirt into. Voldemort dove for the cup they had lost during the ritual. Curiously, the younger wizard took off the locket but kept the ring. Somehow it felt right to keep this one as a memento of the occasion. Also, his mother might be right that there was more to this jewellery than it being a family heirloom. Voldemort looked like a drowned rat when he sank on the fabric beside him. Harry could not help but start laughing, full, amused, belly-aching laughs. He did not know how, but he felt more alive and happy right this second than ever felt before. A handsome wizard in his mid-thirties, soaking wet, hair stuck to his head, had scrambled out of a pool; holding a cup, carrying a tiara crooked on is head, shaking himself like a wet dog. It was all so very absurd! After a few moments, the Dark Lord studied him for several moments, but then the night was filled with their laughter.A while later, Nagini approached, hissing angrily at them for scaring away any potential prey. Finally, the young wizard calmed and turned towards his … his soulmate. "You are a right bastard, you know. Using the life of a teenager to resurrect yourself."Turning as well, propping himself up on his elbow, Voldemort … Tom Riddle, pointed at himself nonchalantly, "Dark Lord. Being ruthless is kind of my job description." When Harry glared, the man admitted, "I feel a tiny bit bad about it.""Really?"Holding thumb and index finger about half an inch apart, the older wizard grinned, "About that much.""It's a start, I guess." Harry shook his head, exasperated at the wet hair that was plastered to his forehead.The older man reached out, as if to straighten the strands, but hesitated before making contact. The young Horcrux had noticed that them being close had eased him, but that Voldemort was reluctant to give in to that comfort. Was that trained behaviour, Harry wondered, or general reluctance to accept a comforting touch because he had not experienced something similar in the past? "Let me try something," he requested quietly. Frowning, the other nodded after a moment, making the young man scoot closer, resting his head on the Dark Lord's shoulder. Tom stiffened but said nothing."I am not sure if I feel comfortable like this," he admitted after a while."Because of the contact, or because it's me?"Pondering the question, the older wizard admitted, "I think the fact that it is you, is the only thing that makes it bearable. In the past … I … did not enjoy being touched."Wiggling into a more comfortable position, glancing up at the trees that reflected the water of the pool, Harry advised, "Touch is a powerful tool to strengthen connections. Barty … whenever you were especially cruel to him, he came into my bed to seek comfort.""Bartemius took advantage of you?" The man inquired with cold fury."No," Harry shook his head, "God, no! Not like that! He just … he said that being close to me eased him. It made him feel better when he was convinced that he has failed you. It would be so much more effective if you would allow him to seek you out.""Barty is loyal beyond reproach.""I am aware. But if you gave in a little, he would rise above himself. I know he would. He is smart and devoted. I don't think you will find a more loyal follower.""My entire inner circle is made up of loyal followers. Malfoy, the Lestranges, Nott, Snape …"Harry snorted."What's so funny?" The man snapped."Snape's mine."Rising, repositioning Harry rudely, the Dark Lord challenged, "Certainly not! Severus Snape has been a loyal follower of mine ever since his sixth year. He is even spying on Dumbledore for me."Sitting up, grinning, Harry challenged, "Wanna bet?""You are mad!"With a cunning smile, the young wizard proposed, "A test then. If he chooses me, he is mine, and you will not touch him again. You will remove the Dark Mark and let me claim him. If not, you will know without the shadow of a doubt that your Potion Master is beyond reproach.""There is hardly any gain for me in this arrangement.""Well …" Harry thought. "What about me trying to recruit at Hogwarts for our cause?""You want to bring me more Death Eaters?" Mistrustful, the man studied his counterpart."No, I will convince my classmates, and everyone I can get a hold on that your ideas are the right ones for all of us once we have thought them through. They will be mine, but I will throw my full weight behind every decision you make.""You plan to amass followers for yourself?""I …" Harry hesitated. After a few minutes, he admitted, somewhat puzzled. "Yes."Tom Riddle's grin was like that of a snake. "A good idea. Gather people you can trust, and it will be much easier to spread our convictions amongst the student population."Eyes growing wide, the young wizard cursed, "This is you! This is your fucking Horcrux giving me ideas! Make it stop!"Delighted, the other admitted, "I can't make it stop. You accepted my Horcrux out of your own, free will. So, what he knows and believes, is yours to use.""I … I hate you," Harry mumbled, but the Dark Lord did not stop grinning. "I won't torture them or belittle them. These people are my friends and will be treated as such!"Shrugging, the man started to summon the paraphernalia they had spread around the pool. "It doesn't matter either way. We can call it an experiment. Me reigning through fear, you reigning through kindness. Let us see who gets further."Standing up, jerking on his clothes, the teenager grumbled angrily. "Fucking Horcrux. Fucking Dark Lord. Fucking war.""Oh, Harry," the man stepped up to the teenager, kissing his head. "You have so much to learn." Then both froze.A slow, vicious smile spread over Harry's face. "It seems that the exchange goes both ways.""Shut up and pick up after yourself. These are priceless artefacts I'll have you know."Chuckling, the young man did as told. Maybe this would work out after all. If the price of Voldemort becoming kinder was Harry becoming a little more calculating, he was willing to pay it. After all, the sorting hat had wanted him in Slytherin in the first place.They apparated directly to the living room of the Manor. Hermione lay curled up on Ron's lap, sound asleep. Ron jerked when they appeared, only grinning tiredly at Barty, who lay curled up in an armchair. "I win," before dozing off again.The Death Eater immediately scrambled to his feet, sinking to his knees before his Lord, "Master, I …" but Tom waved him away. "Got to bed, Barty. Tonight, I have no further use of you." Then he reached out and briefly touched his Death Eater's head.Harry believed that he could hear a sob being swallowed before he followed the Dark Lord into the small library."Stop that inane grin!""I'm not grinning."Looking at his equal, rolling his eyes, when he noticed that Harry so was, Voldemort commanded, "Sit down. We have to make plans."Nodding, the young Lord spread out the folder where his inheritance was detailed, before sinking into an armchair. "Do you think we could …" Before he could finish, a sleepy Winky popped in with a huge tray. "Master Barty said that you might be hungry, Master Dark Lord. Winky is sorry that she has no dinner ready."When the tray was set down, Riddle picked up the house-elf at the scruff of her neck. "No punishing yourself. This will do nicely." The tense elf relaxed before leaving."That was nice of you."Helping himself to one of the richly stuffed sandwiches and a cup of tea, the older man grumbled, "No need to be insulting."Polishing off three sandwiches, a bowl of fruit and a dozen biscuits each, washing it down with about an entire pot of tea, Harry and Tom went over the younger man's finances and holdings. They agreed that this run-down Manor would not do. They needed a residence that could be spelt with an inch of its life and still be big enough to house the two, and whoever members of their Inner Circles decided to stay with them."I don't feel comfortable offering Potter Manor. It's too noticeable and … and you did kill my parents.""I thought your parents were alright with you siding with me."Rolling his eyes, Harry admitted, "They think me a positive influence. But that doesn't change what you have done.""You give too much stock into such petty emotions.""And you too little. Just wait until we do our little test. Then you will see how much love and friendship can cost you if you neglect to respect them."Determined, the Dark Lord contradicted, "Severus Snape is loyal. He took a great risk by accepting the teaching post at Hogwarts. The insight he brought me over the years was invaluable."Shrugging, Harry turned back to the matter at hand. "Aren't you related to the Peverell Family? I mean your ring did contain one of the Hallows.""Hallows?""Long story," the teenager brushed the question away, but before he could continue, the Dark Lord demanded, "I will have my ring now.""No.""No?""No. If you don't plan on cutting it off my finger, I will keep it."Angrily, the man hissed, "This is an heirloom.""And I am your soulmate. Consider it a gift to show me my value.""That's not how it works!"Once again, Harry changed the subject, "Don't the Peverells have an old Manor? There is this piece of land mentioned here, but no house. It seems to contain several farms and an orchard. Don't you think it's unlikely that they had land but nothing to live in?"Rising, the Dark Lord summoned some robes for himself and Harry. "Let's go to Gringotts.""Now?""Excuse me," the man mocked, "are you tired? Past your bedtime, child? Am I supposed to tuck you in?""No need to be a bastard about it!" The young man mumbled, slipping into a robe that fit him surprisingly well. "But honestly, no, I am not tired at all. I feel like I have slept for a week and am ready to go for even longer."Nodding, the Dark Lord guided them. "I feel the same. It is like the ritual has charged us far beyond our normal energy levels. Let us make the most of it."Stepping up, Harry hugged the taller figure. In a way, it felt good to be close to Tom Riddle. Maybe that was the Horcrux part of him. Yet, when the older man wrapped his arms around him, the orphan wondered for a heartbeat if it wasn't just the first adult in his life, showing him care and not ridicule or abuse. He couldn't be sure, but the Dark Lord's voice in his head, assured him, 'I will never let anyone hurt you, ever again, my Harry. You are safe with me.' Then the nauseating pull of apparition dragged them away.Gringotts was, as expected. The goblin they encountered, did not even blink when Tom Marvolo Riddle introduced himself and politely asked for the account manager of the Riddle and Gaunt family. As it turned out, both families had been thrown into a 'generic' teller pool, to be pulled out by whatever goblin got the first request. Hesitating for a heartbeat, Harry requested Ironclaw. In the end, it would be easier to have all of their assets managed by one goblin. That, and Bill seemed to trust that particular teller. More or less …It was past seven in the morning when Harry and Tom left the bank. There had indeed been a vast Manor located on the property Harry had found in his portfolio. Ignotus had owned the orchards and farms of the Peverell estate, Cadmus the main Manor and Antioch all vineyards and a few villages in the area. Yet since he was without an heir, those settlements were more or less self-sufficient with the profits amassing in Antioch's vaults. Fun fact: the house Harry had set aside for Severus Snape at his mother's request, was located at the edge of the Peverell property, near the ocean. So they would be neighbours after all. The young man was a little concerned about Voldemort's reaction, once Snape's betrayal had been proven without the shadow of a doubt. Maybe he should protect the property somehow?"Twilfitt and Tattings next," the Dark Lord decided, "I refuse to walk around in conjured robes. And you are hardly dressed suitably either.""I have clothes at Hogwarts," Harry protested.Studying the young man, who avoided his eyes, the man inquired, "Clothes suitable for my equal?"Deflating, the young man trudged along but stopped when they passed a bakery. "Can we at least have breakfast before we're getting prodded by needles?"Breakfast it was. Tom had not wanted to admit to it, but he was famished. It seemed that the energy they were able to maintain, needed a lot of fuel. After both had eaten their fill, enough for two grown men each, they entered the elegant tailor in the southern part of Diagon Alley. Snorting, Harry mumbled, "Not willing to share a tailor with muggleborn and half-bloods?""As we both are half-bloods, that would be rather hypocritical, don't you think?" The Dark Lord waved his wand over Harry at the threshold before entering as if he owned the shop. "Tattings just has a much broader range, and we are both in dire need of a wardrobe overhaul." "Lord …," a young employee entered the shop from behind a curtain, looking expectedly at these new customers.Trading a brief look, the Dark Lord stepped forth, "Lord Thomas Cadmus Peverell and my charge Harrison Ignotus Peverell. We have recently come to England from warmer climates and are in dire need of a suitable wardrobe. An acquaintance of mine, the Lady Narcissa Malfoy recommended your establishment."Pleased, the young man bowed and offered seats and a catalogue of fabrics and cuts, before rushing out to get one of his superiors to tend to such important customers.Harry Potter going clothes shopping with an unknown wizard would be somewhat suspicious. Looking at himself in the mirror, the teenager admired the miniscule facial changes Tom's glamour had created. His eyes were of a bright blue, matching those of his companion and his dark brown hair, reached past his shoulders. It was a rather nice change from his usual unruly short, black strands. Maybe he should grow it out? "Is it smart to have a wardrobe fitted for this larger form when they won't fit me later?""I did not change your hight or general build, nor your overall colour scheme.""But I …" Harry looked at himself in the mirror. He felt taller. Maybe the full mirrors Twilfitt and Tattings used were smaller than those of Madam Malkins? He studied the handsome man that had stepped up behind him. Tom still looked very much like himself; only his eyes matched Harry's. "Yes, you have grown. I assume that the power of the ritual healed some of the damage you have suffered in the past. Malnutrition and abuse are rarely conducive for healthy growth." Averting his eyes, the younger man only looked up, when Tom forced his chin. "Don't be ashamed, *my Horcrux*." The notation in parseltongue was becoming an endearment. "The fault is theirs, not yours. I was mistreated in my youth as well. Narrow-minded muggles tried to exorcise me when I showed signs of accidental magic. And let me tell you, no matter how little arcane strength the average priest possesses, being flayed is always a painful experience." Never before had he been so open with anybody. Yet a part of him, maybe the part Harry had given freely during the ritual, convinced him that he could share everything with this young man. He did not even hesitate to wrap his arms around the teenager, when the young man buried into his chest, hot tears seeping through the fabric. Tom cast a silencing charm but need not have bothered. Harry was as quiet in his suffering as he had been in his youth.Only when the young man had composed himself, did Mr. Twilfitt Jr. enter. Discretion seemed to be still valued in these businesses. The Dark Lord appreciated it. Not only because he had no intention of being caught in an embrace, but because he did not want to cause undue embarrassment for his young charge. Nodding politely, they started talking business. Now and then Harry tried to offer an opinion, but a scathing look shut the muggle-raised wizard right up. The only thing the teenager was adamant about was ruffles, not at the wrists, not at the collar and certainly not at the end of the robes, no matter if they were short or long. Since Tom was not particularly fond of such embellishments, he folded to that whim.All in all, they left more than one-thousand gallons in the shop, ordering everything that could be needed from underwear to socks, trousers, shirts and dress-shirts, vests, jackets, pullovers, robes both long and short and even two pairs of jeans for Harry. The jeans were only added after the young man had insisted quite vocally, that he needed something 'comfortable' to wear under his school robes. Even the impulsive acquisition of an entire outfit of finest black cotton, several sizes too big for Harry, was added to the list. Tom looked at him knowingly yet did not comment. The final, and undoubtedly most expensive addition, was a set of quidditch gear of sturdy leather, charmed to an inch of its capacity: trousers, jacket, gloves, boots. "I don't need such a wide array of spells. They are horrendously expensive!" Harry hissed at Tom when they discussed prices. Unemphatically, Tom looked down at him, "You forget that I have seen you during your first game where you nearly fell off your broom.""That was your fault!""No matter. I know your style. You will sacrifice your safety for the win. That is not acceptable any longer. So, it is either no quidditch for you or protective gear that actually can protect you!"Grumbling weakly, but accepting that he was beaten, Harry relented. Tom was pleased when Mr. Twilfitt Jr. promised to deliver their wardrobe within the week to Peverell Manor. Next on the list was an owl."You want a pet?"Rolling his eyes, the Dark Lord clarified. "I want to send letters. The Peverell estate comes with a sizable owlery, that needs to be filled."Content, Harry followed him into Eeylops Owl Emporium. It was dark and warm and quiet. Most owls were sleeping. Swiftly Tom chose three small owls that were said to be excellent flyers, nesting in one cage together. Maybe it was their names that had drawn the Dark Lord, as ironical as that may seem, as they were called: Clotho (the Spinner), Lachesis (the Allotter) and Atropos (the Inflexible). Their demeanour, however, could not be more different from their namesakes. While the fates in Greek mythology were always described as severe, sometimes even sinister, Clotho, Lachesis and Atropos were downright cheery and quite excited at the prospect of being bought. Immediately the owls flocked to Tom after the cage-door had been opened. Two claimed his shoulders and one his head. That, however, was too much for the Dark Lord. He shooed Clotho away, who pouted henceforth on Harry's shoulder. Their colouring was brown and red and generally non-descriptive, severing their purpose for post owls very well. Despite his apparent reluctance to tolerate the moods of his new 'pets', the young teenager did notice the bag of owl treats Tom pocketed and fed his new companions over the next hour. Even Clotho seemed to come out of her pout at the prospect of treats.Walking around the lively Diagon Alley, Harry found great comfort in being unrecognisable. He was free to window shop without suffering sideways glances or worse enthusiastic fans who cornered him to either thank or congratulate him for defeating the Dark Lord thirteen years ago. "I wish we could do this again.""Shopping?" Until now, Tom had not had the impression that the younger wizard had enjoyed it all that much."No, just being out and about under glamour. Can we get ice-cream?""Sure." Following Harry to Fortescue’s, he watched his young charge and those around them. While most purebloods were polite and tilted their heads when they made eye contact, most avoided them, simply because neither was familiar. There was freedom in anonymity, Tom Riddle realised. All his life he had thrived for recognition, yet now, watching their community through Harry's eyes, he noticed how carefree he could be both in his actions and his demeanour as long as nobody knew who he was. Maybe he too should adopt a glamour to allow them to enjoy this more often. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Harry, James Potter, where have you been?"Harry flinched at Hermione's hysterical question. Ron only rolled his eyes. "I have to get back to Grimmauld Place. I will have a hard time explaining my absence as it is. I just wanted to make sure that your Dark Lord had not disposed of you and left you in a ditch."Rolling his eyes, Harry pulled Hermione into his arms. "No disposing of in ditches has happened. Though he threatened to leave me behind at Twilfitt and Tattings because he thought two jeans and two dress-shirts no sufficient wardrobe.""You were clothes shopping?" Hermione inquired somewhat incredulous.Gesturing towards the direction the Dark Lord had slipped away, at her hysterics, he replied, "His idea. Dudley's hand me downs are an insult to my new status, or so he said."Wiping tears off her face, the young witch decided, "I am not sure if I am comfortable with your 'status'. But a new wardrobe would certainly not go amiss. Was he … did he pay for it?""No!" Harry baulked, "My parents left me enough money; Sirius as well. Now that I am an adult, I have full access to it. That reminds me, Ron, could you pack up everything important. We'll relocate, and I don't want anything of yours to be left behind.""I only have one bag," the redhead turned around to show it. "And since I've been here two days, things need to go through the wash anyway."
So, everything was set. Hermione gathered her things, and after packing up the library, they apparated to the coordinates the goblins had given the Dark Lord. Harry, once again in Tom's arms, Hermione in Barty's though there was no biting this time.Standing in front of the building, Harry whispered breathlessly. "Am I dreaming?"His mouth twitching only a little, Tom pinched his Horcrux."Ow!" Rubbing his arm, the teenager glared at him, before beaming brightly, "Race you into the hall," then dashed off, Hermione hot on his heels.Following at a more sedated pace, the Dark Lord inquired conversationally, "How long do you think before they realise that the door is warded?"Twitching slightly, the Death Eater glanced at the children, "I don't think it is for a Peverell heir, my Lord." He gestured towards Harry, who had thrown open the door and barged into the house."I did not expect that," the older wizard admitted. Once they reached the entrance hall, they found the teenagers gapping at the grandeur. The house had been impressive from the outside. However, Cadmus Peverell's descendants had made use of their magic and expanded the inside even more. Thus, the Manor gave a rather palace-like impression.On a small table in the entrance hall a folder containing a map, few warnings on traps and wards, could be found. Tom handed one set over to Harry, copying the information, "You start right, I'll go left. We return here within the hour."Nodding, Harry looked his map over, then shook his head, "No, if you give me the part with the library, I won't get Hermione out before midnight … tomorrow!""There is a library?" The girl piped up, trying to look at the map."No, tomorrow!" Her friend decided, "Tonight, we get a feeling of the place and chose our rooms. Also, guestrooms for you and Ron for when he comes over next.""I'll be overrun by Gryffindors," the Dark Lord mumbled before wandering off.Two hours later, the group gathered in the 'small' dining room. There were 'only' twelve seats, and it was closest to the kitchen. The goblins had promised to inform the house-elves about their arrival, and while Tom had made an effort to introduce himself and get to know the half-dozen elves that were bound to the estate, Hermione gapped at the neatly dressed creatures. Each wore a toga of finest linen with the Peverell Crest over the heart. It was still a napkin, but with the fine woven cords as belts and embellishments, they passed for uniforms. Since no wizard had been around for generations, it had left the elven parents to name their children. They had run with a theme.There was Belladonna, who had introduced herself as the main cook and responsible for the vegetable and herbal garden. Daisy, who cared for the house, the cleaning and decorations – mostly flowers, of course. Rhodes was mainly responsible for maintaining the garden and sometimes helped his brother Briar with the orchards. The last two elves had Tom choke up, feeling as if the fates were still messing with his and Harry's life. Not a comfortable thought. The youngest girls, both barely twenty years old, had no set duties. They helped wherever they were needed. The elves all wore napkins following their names. Belladonna had chosen a dark cherry colour, while Daisy liked sunshine-yellow. Rhodes was clad in shimmering brown while his brother Briar sported dashing violet. After these general introductions, Tom had called upon Harry before joining the others in the dining room."Harry," he gestured at a white-clad elf, "this is your personal elf. She will make sure that all your needs are met. If you wish for something, call upon her."Nodding, the teenager went to his knees, smiling at the young elf. "What is your name, sweetheart?""Lily"The boy swayed, only Tom's hand on his shoulder kept him steady. With a calm voice, he introduced another elven-girl, that wore a purple napkin with black trimmings. "This is my elf: Merope.""Oh, god," Harry choked. "They knew … they knew we would come."Shaking his head, the Dark Lord forced himself to remain calm. "They could not have known. There is no way in heaven or earth that the elves of the Peverell family would have any knowledge about their future masters."Rising from the floor, Harry clawed at Tom's arm, "Then explain this to me! Explain to me why these two elves, the only ones in the entire estate without fixed duties, carry the names of our mothers!""I can't," the Dark Lord sighed. Still, he gripped the young wizard's arm to offer comfort. Only after the teenager had calmed, did he prompted quietly, "Let's go and eat."Hermione and Barty seemed reluctant to pierce the sombre mood by gushing over the beauty of the house. Finally, when lunch was finished, Belladonna popped up, "Master, was everything to your satisfaction?""Very much so, Belladonna. Thank you."Beaming, the elf popped away.Barty looked at his Lord like had never seen him before. Harry could not help but hide a smile behind the last sip of his drink. Apparently 'please' and 'thank you' had not been a part of the Dark Lord's vocabulary before. Well, it would not hurt to be kind to the elves. Harry only tuned in into the conversation when Hermione's voice reached a certain level, "You have to free them! Offer them pay! This is their home, you can't cast them out, but it is simply wrong, to use them as slaves!"Incredulously, Tom Riddle studied the young witch, then he turned towards Harry, "Is she serious?"">S.P.E.W. - Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare< was Hermione's pet project last year. She was constantly knitting hats for the Hogwarts elves to find so that they could be free."Coldly, the Dark Lord turned back, "You Miss Granger, are a perfect example of what is wrong with our society.""Excuse me?" She spat out, "Just because I don't abide slave-labour?""No," the wizard rose. "you eagerly throw yourself into the concept of magic but refuse to understand that being a witch is more than waving wands and brewing potions. It requires a different mindset altogether. You can't apply muggle rules to our world! You and your fellow muggleborn only ever skim the surface, refusing to gain a deeper knowledge, thus, eroding our world from within. You will follow me.""Master," Barty choked but did not dare to protest.Harry had no such qualms, "What will you do to her? Remember, you swore an oath!"Glaring at the three, Tom Riddle stated calmly, "I will do what Dumbledore and McGonagall should have done four years ago: I will educate her!"Then he left, a confused Hermione hot on his heels.
For the next few days, Barty and Harry saw very little of the two. Occasionally, they caught glimpses, through the windows of the library. Sometimes, Hermione gestured wildly, Tom calmly explaining something, getting up to fetch one book or the other, pointing at a paragraph or chapter. However, most of the time, they found Hermione nose-deep in a tome, scribbling furiously in a notebook. Harry was convinced that Tom offered new ones whenever she ran out.
Three days later, his best friend emerged. Until now, she had taken breakfast, lunch and tea in the library. Even getting her out to join them for diner had been a struggle. Harry had let her be, too familiar with that mannerism. He was currently lounging around in the extensive garden, enjoying the laziness of the summer holidays. He was debating how he should approach a certain Potion Master when a shadow fell over his face. Taking in her outfit and rucksack, he frowned, "You're leaving."With a sigh, Hermione sat down beside him. "I'm already stretching my 'holiday'. Mum and dad really want us to spend some time together, though we won't go as far as Australia.""Hermione, are you alright?" She looked worn and worried."I …" she looked over her shoulder towards the house. "Honestly, I don't know. Mr. Riddle has shown me so much … things, rituals, indisputable facts about the magical world I've never heard about! It's like wizards have this whole 'secret' society and muggleborn just trample in, not bothering to learn about it. I still think it's wrong of him to prosecute them for their lack of knowledge, but I also think it's as wrong of Dumbledore not to teach these things to first-years as soon as they come to Hogwarts. It's … it's a lot. I have to think about it.""About what?" Why did this feel like a 'good-bye' and not a 'see you later'?Chewing her bottom lip, Hermione admitted, "Because I feel like I'm doing the magical world a disservice by not respecting the beliefs and rules that are the foundation of magic."Reaching for her hand, suddenly feeling cold all over, Harry demanded, "But you are coming back, aren't you?""Of course!" She leaned in, squeezing him with all her strength. He relaxed into the familiar hug. "I just … I want to think about where we should go from here. I think your Dark Lord's ideas are not all wrong. They are radical, and he went about them entirely the wrong way during the first war, but merging muggle and magical world … I don't think that's possible. We're too different. Don't get me wrong, I love my parents, and I would never give them up, but I think I have to make a choice. To protect the magical world, I have to be a muggle with them and a witch when I am with you. One mistake could put everything at risk."Looking towards the house, somehow feeling Tom's eyes on him, Harry nodded. "I know what you mean. Wizards are dangerous, but muggles can cause so much more mayhem. And there are so many more of them than us. I thought about how to protect our world but … until now I feel like treading water, barely keeping myself afloat."Squeezing him one last time before letting go, Hermione rose to her feet. "I'll be back, Harry, I promise. I'll spend two weeks with my parents and then I'll be back. We can talk about it and come up with a solution together. I never thought I would ever say that – especially not knowing what he did to your parents – but I think I like this new Tom Riddle. Sometimes he reminds me of you."Weakly, the human Horcrux snorted, "I think the exchange went both ways. I feel myself acting far more ambitious and cunning than before."Looking at her best friend, "Slytherins are clever. It would not do to underestimate them. And it was a Gryffindor who betrayed your parents. Hogwarts' houses don't define our characters or our actions, just the colours of our uniforms. I think it's time we start to make a change."Nodding, Harry rose as well. "The three of us together, we'll find a way. And Tom will most likely give me free rein at Hogwarts. Our negotiations have nearly gone that far."When his friend departed, Barty had offered to apparate her home; he went to the library to catch up with Tom.
"I can agree with you forming your own Inner Circle. But acting independently will not do!"Sighing, Harry rubbed his head. They had been negotiating for hours. Voldemort had been a control freak, determined to manage every aspect of his campaign for magical superiority. That's why taking him out thirteen years ago, had more or less ended the war. Tom Marvolo Riddle did seem too keen on keeping everything in sight either. However, "I can't contact you for every little decision. You'll have to trust me eventually. If I know about your general plans, I can try to act accordingly. But if we don't want to risk open war with Dumbledore, I have to be sneaky.""Cunning … you will have to be discrete and cunning!""I'm not a snake.""No," the Dark Lord snapped, "you are a stupid lion, who thinks that jumping at a problem head-first, will solve it!"Raising his chin, the teenager challenged, "Well, I will have a guiding influence with me at all times, won't I?""Severus Snape is mine! Always has been, always will be.""We'll see."With gritted teeth, Tom returned to their lesson on parsel magic. The mark of his followers had always served as a leash, as well as a protective tether. Harry had wanted to follow in these footsteps. However, the young man had made it quite clear that he disapproved of the 'punishment'-option. Yet the general concept, knowing where his friends were, reaching them and having them find him at all times, seemed like a good idea. It would just have to be at a more concealed spot than the wrist. Also, Harry had decided that he would not be opposed to being able to cast spells through the mark. A Protego at the right moment could save a life, after all.
Tom Riddle glared at Harry when the young man joined him for breakfast on June 30th. "You have an entirely new wardrobe. Why, by Merlin, do you insist on wearing these rags?" "They will serve their purpose," Harry insisted. He had changed a lot over these last few weeks. Since he now had elves at his disposal that cared about cooking and cleaning, Harry had made use of his 'free' time. For a few hours out of each day, Harry studied in detail, what the Dark Lord had tried to cramp into Hermione's head in a weekend. He had started to fly as a workout routine, wanting to stay in shape. Not at all an easy task when Belladonna and Lily had decided that he was far too thin and were bribing him with snacks at every opportunity. Fortunately, the house-elves seemed to be firm believers in healthy food. Otherwise, Harry would weigh as much as Dudley by now. To do his wardrobe justice, he had gotten a stylish haircut that would allow him to grow his hair out, to make it more easily manageable. Six days ago, Barty had cautiously offered a present. Harry had not known how to react when he was given a set of eye potions. They had to be taken every evening for a week to correct Harry's eyesight. Even Voldemort had been impressed and had congratulated Barty on his foresight. The teenager wondered who had been more delighted that day, him for finally getting rid of his glasses or Barty for the absent-minded compliment.True, Tom had gotten a lot better over the last few weeks, but he was hardly 'affectionate'. Harry, himself, made a point of touching the Dark Lord at every opportunity. He brushed over his arm, hugged him good morning and good night. It was a little bit like having a parent; Harry liked to imagine. With time, the man did not tense up but started to return these gestures tentatively. The Dark Lord had an image to uphold. But even Tom could see, what the 'positive re-enforcement' – as his Horcrux called it – did for Bartemius. The Death Eater was downright glowing, whenever he was around, not in the 'crackling-mad' way Bellatrix had preferred. There was a quiet joy to him; the Dark Lord did not find off-putting at all.He and Harry had decided that they would call his Death Eaters that night. The young man had wanted to go into his new year by finally starting to make his own decisions. Hence, there had to be a reason why his young charge sat in oversized, worn hand-me-downs on this pleasant Sunday morning.#"Care to share that purpose?""You'll see how Snape reacts to them. By the way, can you apply glamours, so that I look like before?""You mean, underfed, with an atrocious haircut and glasses?""I only need the haircut. Barty charmed my glasses so that they adapt to my eyesight. But I barely need them any longer. On the other hand … if you could make me look a little more gaunt, that would certainly play into the picture of the 'prisoner of war'."Irritated, Tom hissed, "This charade is ridiculous!""Afraid to lose?""No! As I have said before, Severus Snape has been a loyal Death Eater since his school years. He is beyond reproach!"Scratching his neck, enjoying the stylish cut, Harry whispered, because this spectacle would hurt either way, "I'm sorry, Tom, but I don't think that's true."Glaring at his Horcrux, the wizard replied darkly, "We'll see."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    The dark mark had gotten progressively darker over the last month. Severus had tried to hide it from Dumbledore, hoping that it would be enough for the man that he was running himself ragged, in his search for Potter. He did not want the added stress of spying on a potentially returned Dark Lord. But somehow, the older wizard had noticed, sending him out to meet old acquaintances, keeping an ear on the ground for any sign of Voldemort or Harry. Until now, all of his efforts had been in vain.The Potion Master hissed during dinner when his mark started to burn. Trading a look with Dumbledore, hoping that the old man would tell him to at least be careful, he was disappointed, when he was merely told, "I expect a report, the moment you return." In the end, it was all about their golden boy or any insight he could gain in his old circles. No matter the cost for Severus."Of course," he bowed and left.When he followed the pull, he found himself in a room, lit by a dozen candles. Through a half-open doorway, he could spot Lucius and Nott, both masked yet familiar enough to identify as well as several other Death Eaters he did not recognise at first glance. He sank to his knees when a dark figure stepped out of the shadows. "My Lord." Voldemort had returned, looking at least a decade younger than the last time Snape had seen him, pleading for Lily's life. What kind of magic had he employed to bring himself back to this youthful appearance? The Potion Master prayed that this new body had not come at the cost of Harry Potter's. He could not suffer another failure, not when it came to Lily's boy.At a sharp gesture, the door slammed shut, and wards started to press down on them. Apparently, the Dark Lord was eager not to be overheard."Severus," That silky voice had made an appearance in so many of his nightmares, that he had a hard time suppressing a shiver when hearing it anew. "It is so good to see you. From what my followers have told me, you remained faithful, fortifying your position at Hogwarts, preparing young snakes for their place in the new world order."Forcing himself to seal away all emotions, the Potion Master rose to his feet. Voldemort had always been impressed by gall, and though he kept his eyes downcast, Snape nodded. "I believed to act according to your wishes, my Lord.""Very well." The man stepped closer; not even six feet remained between them. "To reward such faithfulness, I will let you, and only you, witness my greatest triumph.""Master," the wizard choked, be terrified of what was about to happen.Pulling back the invisibility cloak, Voldemort revealed the emaciated form of Harry Potter. The boy who was cowering at his feet, covering his head with his arms. The dark hair was matted against his head, his clothes made him appear even smaller, and his complexion was pasty at best. Only thanks to his occlumency, was Snape able to hold his ground. If he acted irrationally now, they would both die. He had to find a way out, at least for Harry!"Do you," he swallowed through a constricting throat forcing himself to enunciate clearly, "Do you wish for me to dispose of this abomination, Master?"Triumph lit up Voldemort's face as he pulled out his wand. "No, this nuisance, I will get rid of myself.""Avada …"Severus wand snapped into his hand as he shouted, "Sectumsempra!" He could not fail in this. Not with Lily's boy. If the other Death Eaters tortured him to death; if they cursed him until he lost his mind; it did not matter, not compared to Harry's life!"Protego!"Snape faltered when a powerful shield flared up between his curse and the Dark Lord. Frozen in place, he watched Harry straighten from his crouch, slowly lowering his wand. The young man was healthy and whole, contrary to his gaunt appearance moments before. How was that possible? He looked up at Severus with an unreadable expression, as he said softly, "I told you. He's not been yours for a very long time."All the anxiety and the stress suddenly caught up with Severus Snape; all the sleepless nights; the days apparating from place to place; chasing hints of the 'Boy-who-lived', only to find him having switched sides. Maybe Voldemort had broken him. Perhaps the Dark Lord had convinced him with honeyed words and charismatic smiles. The boy would not be the first to succumb to Voldemort's promises. But Severus was well aware that he would not be part of this game any longer since he had given away his true allegiance. The Dark Lord gave an angry shout, directing his wand at him. In the end, an Avada Kedavra might be the fastest way to go. Sadly, he was not so lucky."Crucio!"Snape broke to his knees, tears streaming down his face, though he would not cry out. He felt too deserving of this suffering for having failed Lily."No!"Just like that, the pain ended. Disbelieving, it was now his turn to looked up at the teenager. Harry stood before him like a shield. Why?"You promised," the young man shouted, clutching the wand he had taken from Voldemort while the Dark Lord was trembling with anger. "You promised that I could have him should he prove loyal to me!""He's a traitor!" The other hissed, making Snape flinch at the unpleasant memories of the snake language. "We will find someone better for you! Step aside and return my wand! I want to kill him now and rid us of this traitor!"The accusation cut right to the core. But it was not as if the Dark Lord was wrong. Severus had lied, for more than a decade, now he was worthless for Dumbledore and Voldemort both since he had been discovered. As a half-blood in Slytherin, he had never amounted to much. His only saving grace had been the friendship with a muggleborn girl. A friendship he had lost, thanks to his pride. He had tried, so hard to protect her from afar. But in the end, had not even managed that. Had he been less of a coward, he might have found a way to finish off Voldemort before, maybe poison him, but …"You promised," choked whispers brought Snape out of his mental tailspin. Was the boy crying? Certainly not over him. "You promised. But now you let your pain stand in the way of keeping that promise! I thought you would be different, that you …" Angry tears saturated Harry's voice. Yet the boy still stood before him, fists clenched at his sides."Why do you care so much about him? He's the reason your parents are dead!" Voldemort was spitting mad, screaming at Potter's face. "He was the one who gave me the prophecy. He is not worth your consideration!"That revelation was like a knife to the stomach, twisting with every word. Snape felt the last of his strength seeping out of his body since no matter how much Harry Potter had fought for him, nobody could ever look at their parents' killer kindly. His eyes flew up when the teenager whispered, "I know."Snape choked."Still," he insisted, somewhat calmer. "We had a deal. I have proven Severus Snape's loyalties. You promised that I could claim him. Now you go back on your word … I can't do this …"Why? Why not simply kill him? For the betrayal of his best friend, he deserved nothing less. Then there was a sharp gesture, and a bloody wand tumbled to the floor."NO!" There was a hysteric note filling the air, and the Potion Master watched a bloodstain bloom on the carpet. What was happening? His overwhelmed mind had a hard time of makings sense of what was going on. Not paying attention was akin to a death sentence in Voldemort's presence. However, right now, he was ignored. Severus wondered if that was a good thing?"Harry!" Such desperation … then, "Severus, help him!" An order from a voice he had been hard-wired to obey. Rising unsteadily, he stepped closer and watched Voldemort clutching Harry's wrist. Blood was flowing freely from between his fingers. The stupid boy had slashed his wrist. He reached out, yet the stubborn child pulled back, accusing. "No, you promised. I will not align myself with someone I cannot trust! I'd rather stay out of this conflict entirely rather than trade one manipulator for another!""By dying!" Voldemort hissed.Slumping the blood loss was obviously getting to him, though it was far less than Severus would have anticipated. The man's heart clenched, when he heard the whisper, "I'm sick and tired of being but a pawn on someone's board.""Heal him!" The Dark Lord ordered Severus."I can't …" the Potion Master admitted helplessly, "These wounds were self-inflicted. If he truly doesn't want to live, my magic won't be able to close them.""Let him heal you!" Voldemort hissed at his disobedient charge."No. Not if you don't keep your promises." Tears were swimming in Potter's eyes … Lily's eyes … Severus felt like suffocating."Fine!" The Dark Lord spat out. "Let Snape heal you, and he's yours.""You'll take his mark?""And leave him free for yours!" The wizard clenched his teeth. "As we've agreed."Calmly the young man offered his wrist to Severus, not taking his eyes off the Dark Lord. The cut was diagonal and had barely grazed the bone. Within moments, it was closed, and the Potion Master held out a blood replenisher. The Dark Lord watched their interaction with hawk's eyes, and Severus was no longer strong enough to suppress the shivers that whacked his frame. He flinched, when Potter touched his arm, squeezing him reassuringly. "It's okay. It's over now, Professor.""I don't …" he started but realised that he did not know how to continue. All this … it was too much. None of Dumbledore's carefully laid out plans had prepared him for this."Undress!"The icy command had him look first at Voldemort and then at Potter. He could not understand why he felt the need to confirm an order from the Dark Lord with a teenager. When the boy started to open his mouth, the Dark Lord interrupted, "You will not contradict me on this! If he has indeed been working for Dumbledore to protect you, I do not trust a single thing he carries. I only allowed the potion because he obviously would never hurt you. Tonight, I will let him stay by your side if that is what you wish. But I won't give him a chance to deceive us again."Nodding, the teenager turned towards him. Severus swallowed. So much trust in Harry's eyes, despite all the cruelties he had heaped upon the boy. "Will you stand by my side?"Closing his eyes, as to not betray his emotions, a single tear escaped. He startled when he felt a warm hand, brushing it away. When was the last time someone had touched him like this? Poppy, probably, when he had gotten the wizard's flu a few years ago, but other than that? And the child had done it twice already, both times for no other reason than to reassure him. Was he ready to become a tool, or worse, a toy at Harry Potter's whim? If the young man had truly sided with Voldemort, could he even trust his intentions? After all, the prophecy had said … then Snape took a deep breath to halt his troubling thoughts. It did not matter. Even if he could rid himself of the mark, he knew that he could never turn his back. He did not even care what happened to him, as long as Potter was safe. Looking at the child, no, the young man before him, he nodded. He took off his clothes.He dreaded facing all these wizards without his 'armour'. But if that were the extent of the vindictiveness the Dark Lord offered, he would suffer the humiliation. Anything, to be allowed to remain by Potter's side."Into the flames."The hearth at his back flared up, and Snape tossed in his clothes, watching them burn. It felt like his entire life was reduced to ash. When he turned again, he found Potter and Voldemort standing side by side, his potions bag between them. He shivered at the implications of this picture. The prophecy had declared them enemies, but if they had overcome that … nobody in Wizarding Britain would be able to stand against them. "Please, be honest, Professor. Are there any potions in here that could harm?"Slowly, the Potion Master nodded."Any priceless brews that take months to prepare?" The cold voice of Voldemort demanded to know."No, my … Lord Voldemort." What was he doing? Had he shifted allegiance already? Next, he would start calling Potter 'Master'. He still carried the Dark Mark. He needed to be more careful. Yet, everything about this situation was unsettling, and his occlumency shields refused to stay up. He gasped when the dark wizard carelessly threw the bag into the fire, containing the explosion with a simple shield. It felt like Voldemort had just destroyed a piece of himself. His potions … they were the only thing of value about him. And the Dark Lord had just thrown them away. Next, he would throw away Severus, as per Potter's insistence.He managed to stand his ground when the man reached for his wrist and started to hiss in parseltongue. Pain raced up his arm. It felt like it was splitting open. Severus tumbled to his knees, but in an instant, a warm hand on his chest pressed him back, back against strong, soft clad legs to keep him half-way upright. He could not help but take comfort; to anchor himself to the touch as to not lose his mind. The spell lasted an eternity, but when the pain ended, he looked at his wrist. The skin was free from any blemish for the first time in nearly twenty years. A sob escaped him. He swallowed the next forcefully.He swayed when the Dark Lord stepped back, and his anchor abandoned him. Confused, he looked up from his blank wrist, to notice that the boy had sunken to his knees before him. "For this to work, I have to mark you now.""Not the wrist, please," Severus breathed, unsure if he could even make such a request. He felt lighter than he had in years. A heady feeling like he was floating."No," the young man smiled, caressing his face, and for a heartbeat, he allowed himself to lean into the touch. "Love makes a bond stronger than pain or fear. With your permission, I will put my mark right here." A gentle hand touched his chest, right over his heart. "I won't hurt you, and if it's within my power, I will protect you, as you've protected me. But I know that our lives are not easy. I might not always manage.""You want to … protect me. Why?""Because if you guard me, I return the favour. That's how it works. It's the same with Ron or Hermione. We always look out for each other. We're friends."Averting his eyes, the Potion Master mumbled, "I am not your friend.""No," the boy whispered. No, he was a young man now. It would not do him any good to continue seeing Harry Potter as a child. "You are so much more."When Severus met his eyes, he was taken aback by the emotions that swam in them. There were so many. But in the end, it did not matter, because most prominent was kindness. It had been so long since anybody had looked at him that way. Soon the boy would learn what type of person he was. The 'dungeon bat' might have been a persona he had adopted to keep himself safe, but he had never been 'nice' or 'friendly'. If Potter was not interested in potions, as his past suggested, he would soon learn that a servant like Severus Snape was of little use to him. Hopefully, his mark would not be easily broken. In the end, he could only nod, "Do it."
  
It was parselmagic, just like the original spell. But where Voldemort's mark had burned through him, shackled his soul, Potter's … Harry's was like a soft caress, like blankets wrapping around him to shield him from the cold. He felt magic waving them together, and he wondered if he would be able to protect himself from the boy … young man in the future. While the spell's tendrils were far gentler, they also reached a lot deeper into Severus' heart, body and soul. If he had anything left to lose, he would baulk now, try to guard a part of himself. But that was no longer an option. He had made a decision long ago, holding his best friend's dead body, swearing that he would protect her son. When Potter pulled his hand back, his body shut down.
When Severus came around, there was a quiet argument, "He's a traitor. He lied to me for the better part of his life! You can't trust him!"What …? Potter and the Dark Lord were touching … the older wizard gently nudged the younger man's face up. But it was not a cruel gesture – as the Potion Master would have expected – more … worried?"I know you're hurt. I was hurt too when I learned that I had been lied to about basically everything." Harry, touched Voldemort's arm, squeezing it lightly. "But Severus won't deceive to me.""What makes you so sure? He was a faithful follower and then … just like that."Sighing, the young man put his forehead against the other's, in a strange, intimate gestures. Were they … engaged? Harry was not even fifteen years old! "You killed his best friend, what did you expect?"Far gentler than he had ever thought Voldemort capable, Snape watched as the man pushed Harry back so that their eyes could meet again. Didn't the boy know to avoid Voldemort's eyes? Has no one ever trained him in Occlumency? "She was your mother. Yet here you are."Sighing, Potter shook his head, "Maybe you're just the lesser of two evils.""I'm insulted."Nudging him playfully, the teenager challenged, "At least with you; I can be sure that you will never harm me.""Never, my Harry," the Dark Lord assured, kissing the younger wizard's forehead swiftly. "But now let's begin. The others are waiting."Severus was swaying as he got up. This was surreal! The seasoned spy felt like he was drowning in uncharted waters. Still, he straightened, when he felt the teenager's eyes on him. "I am ready.""Good," with a gesture, a stack of clothes appeared. "Dress, then we'll go."Those were fine clothes. The outer robes tingled under Snape's fingertips, which meant protective charms. Even a wand-holster and a belt-pouch were available. They were similar to his old ones, though of considerably better quality. When he opened the small bag, he found the standard healing potion, bruise salve, a headache reliever and a vial of dreamless sleep."I didn't know what you would need. I've made sure your laboratory is stocked, but for now, will these suffice?"Considering the night, he was about to have, Severus was grateful for the dreamless sleep. He recognised the seal, and while he would have preferred something of his own making, this would do. While dressing, he admired the outfit's quality, soft wool pants, a cotton dress-shirt both seemingly black or at least a very dark grey; pants, socks and shoes; all of outstanding value. "I will return these clothes the first chance I get.""Why?" Potter asked, confused, "They are yours.""But they …" An ensemble was so formidable! It must have cost a hundred gallons easily. It was not silk or satin, not gaudy or flashy. Yet for the first time in his life, Severus felt like he did not need to hide when standing beside Lucius."Are adequate for your new position as my first advisor," the young man nodded.Before he could elaborate, the Dark Lord ordered irritated, "If his clothes have to be adequate, I expect yours to match! Also: masks."Smiling, Harry indicated a bow and replied in a mocking tone, "As you wish, my Lord." Then he turned towards a sideboard and pulled out a similar outfit. The outer robe was black as well, but underneath he wore grey pants and a white dress shirt, with a matching waistcoat – all in all, a rather sophisticated ensemble. Lastly, the young man produced two masks. They were black and hid everything, even the eyes."Let's not give the game away too early," he handed one over."Most Death Eaters will recognise me for my build alone."Chuckling, Harry put on his mask and raised the hood of his robe. He made an imposing figure; Snape had to admit. Had the young man grown this last month? Most importantly, however, he was utterly unrecognisable. His suspicion was confirmed when he heard the boy chuckle in an unfamiliar tone."You, certainly, but me … not a chance."At the door, Voldemort looked back at them and held out his hand to Harry. The young man squeezed it briefly, before standing tall. "Let us change the world."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Everyone fell silent when the Dark Lord entered. At his gesture, Harry claimed one of two thronelike chairs at the head of the room. Severus hovered behind his right shoulder. The position gave him an unimpeded view of the room where the Death Eaters were arranging themselves in the standard orbit around their Master."Thirteen years since we last met. Yet you answer my call as though it was yesterday. We are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?" Leaving Harry at the head of the room, Lord Voldemort walked around the circle his followers had formed. "I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact - such prompt appearances! - and I ask myself, why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their Master, to whom they swore eternal loyalty to?" His steps remained quiet, his voice silky, as he continued, "I answer myself: they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, ignorance, and bewitchment. And I ask myself, how could they have believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal death? They, who had seen proofs of my power, in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living? And I answer myself: perhaps they believed a still greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort, perhaps they now pay allegiance to another," Snape certainly did not imagine the icy glare the powerful wizard sent his way. "Perhaps that champion of commoners, of mudbloods and muggles, Albus Dumbledore?"A few made vague noises of protest, but Voldemort spoke over them sadly, shaking his head mockingly, "I confess myself disappointed."That broke at least one wizard out of his stunned state, "Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!""Crucio!"Harry, did not even flinch. How much the boy had changed.The Dark Lord finished his round and begun to approach the dais with the thrones; wand still raised on the death eater. Once seated, the curse ended. "Rise, Avery," he ordered softly. "You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. Nor do I forget. Thirteen long years … I want thirteen years' repayment before I forgive you." He gestured to the second throne. "Only one person in this room can claim my forgiveness. He was willing to trade his life for mine. From now on, he will sit by my side. His words will be heard. His advice valued. He will lead this new crusade from the shadows, aiding me in claiming the British Isles."Snape did not startle when Harry reached back and grabbed his wrist. Expecting a command, he started to bow, but a brief squeeze interrupted the motion. The young man turned and was immediately granted the Dark Lord's undivided attention. *If you expect me to command them, at least a few will need to learn my identity.*The Potion Master could not understand the hisses of parseltongue. The language still made him tense with fear. Yet now, inside his carefully guarded mind, the meaning revealed itself. Terror washed over him. Until now, the only thing belonging to him had been his thoughts. Neither Voldemort nor Dumbledore had ever been able to breach his formidable defences. Yet, his new Master had slipped by unnoticed. He clamped down on his panic. No weakness! Not here. Not now. But, oh god, … what had he by done accepting that mark? The hand slipped from his wrist. It made him feel strangely bereft. Clasping his skin behind his back to preserve the warmth, he stood still not to draw attention."Lucius, my slippery friend," Voldemort stated quietly, looking at the Death Eater who immediately stood up. "I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable face. You are still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me. Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I daresay, but wouldn't your energies have been better directed toward finding and aiding your master?""My Lord, I was constantly on the alert," Lucius Malfoy replied swiftly, only slightly muffled from beneath his hood. "Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me …""And yet you ran from my Mark when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?" said Voldemort lazily, beckoning Barty over, smiling satisfied, when the man sank to his knees at the bottom of the platform. Malfoy startled. "Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. Still, you have disappointed me. I expect more faithful service in the future.""Of course, my Lord, of course. You are merciful, thank you …" He froze when Harry chuckled and hissed something. This time, Severus did not understand. Instead of disturbing him, that eased his terror. It seemed that his mental defences were only but useless when they were in physical contact. He met his friend's eyes, though the other could not see it through his mask. The pureblood appeared confused, both by his attire and his new, elevated position. Yet he was in too tight of a spot to comment. For the first time in their lives, he was the one who held a higher position. Maybe it was petty, but Severus drew satisfaction from that.Rising, Voldemort ordered, "Leave now. I will call upon every one of you, to evaluate if you are a worthy addition to my new regime." And with that threat hanging over their heads, the Dark Lord departed, Barty on his heels. Harry sat and watched, so Snape remained as well. The young man's head turned from one Death Eater to the next, not talking, seemingly, not even breathing. Not one dared to question him. After a few minutes of tense silence, they eased out of the room, racing for the edge of the property so that they could apparate away. Severus Snape wondered if he would ever be so lucky.
"I'm sorry."Potter's quiet voice startled him. The young man had forgone his mask, turning it in his hands, before looking up, honestly apologetic. "Tom … Voldemort insisted on the mental link. He had absolute faith in you. That's why he is so angry about your betrayal." He stepped to a window overlooking the moon-lit garden – a serene landscape. After debating with himself, Snape approached."He did not want to take any chances, chained me to you irrevocably, on the off-chance that he would lose me. So, he had you take control." He did not want to sound accusing, or bitter. From Voldemort's point of view, this was sensible. "The spell is ingenious. But then, the Dark Lord was always exceptional.""I didn't want to force myself into your mind," Harry shivered as if the mere thought caused him pain. "I just thought … you reacted badly to parseltongue before. I thought if you knew what we were talking about, you would not feel as uncomfortable. I'm sorry I made it worse."Why was this boy so kind to him? "You didn't," Snape forced himself to admit. "I felt better knowing what you were saying.""This is such a mess," Harry rubbed his eyes with the palms of his hands. Then he turned away from the window. "Come on. I will show you your room.""My room?" He followed, for lack of an alternative.Harry sneered, "I might trust you, but Dumbledore, not so much. You've been called for the first time since 1981. Yet he let you go without so much as a shielding charm in your pocket. Tom wanted to humiliate you when he made you burn your clothes. He knew you were without protection the second you passed our wards."Snape had not expected anything less. This place was new, well, old, considering the feeling of the wards. Yet the former Death Eater had been part of Voldemort's Inner Circle, a position he had bought with the life of his childhood friend. He knew that he had not been here before. However, Voldemort would never choose a meeting place that did not give him the upper hand. Especially in a situation as delicate as this. They entered a room. It was quite spacious, on par with his quarters at Hogwarts."This is yours. I had the elves provide the basics, but I didn't want to order anything beyond your first outfit without your input. The bathroom is through that door. My room is at the end of the corridor to the right. The one to the left is … well, if I were you, I would avoid that one."So, Severus had been put in the residential wing. An honour he could not comprehend. There was sleepwear on the bed. He suppressed a sigh. Too much had happened, and he was exhausted. The former spy would have to think over the events of tonight before he could understand them. For now, there was one thing he could not put to rest. "May I ask a question?""Of course, Professor." The young man immediately looked at him."You cut yourself," he reached out without thought when Harry tried to turn away. Slowly he rubbed his potion-stained fingers over the skin that had been cut an hour before. Quietly, he stated, "You cut across, even though you are aware that killing yourself would work faster if you cut lengthwise." He had seen the faded scars. The young man did not insult him by pleading ignorance. Instead, he replied quietly, "Tom cares for me. But he is out of practice. He needed time to set his priorities straight. I know that me aligning with him makes no sense to you. You consider that he put a spell on me, though we both know that I can throw off the Imperious with little difficulty. Still, I am grateful that you took my mark. It's just … after Dumbledore, after everyone making decisions for me, I need to be able to trust. If Tom … Voldemort goes back on his word … I can't … that's the only thing I can't take, and I knew of no other way to show him that.""And before? When you cut lengthwise?"Once again, Harry tried to pull back, but Snape would not let him. He had to know why Lily's boy had tried to kill himself. Reluctantly, the teenager admitted, "You said that your magic would not be able to heal me if I really wanted to die.""Correct.""Well, a few years ago, I discovered that the same is true in reverse.""You cut yourself, but didn't want to die?"Sighing, Potter insistently pulled back, rubbing over his underarm when the man finally let go. "I just wanted … I wanted the pain to end. To not feel like a burden, a monster, a freak!"Wordlessly, Severus Snape stepped back. When the boy had reached the door to leave him, he had decided on suitable parting words. "Thank you for saving my life."A sad smile graced Harry's  features as he replied, "You are welcome."
Severus Snape was standing in front of the mirror, inspecting his naked chest. He had detested the Dark Mark that had tarnished his skin since he had come of age. Had expected to hate the new one as well but, … it was barely there. There was nothing but faint lines over his heart that could be written off as scars from a potion accident. However, they were of a very distinguished shape: a lightning bolt. Brushing over it, with the tips of his fingers, he wondered if the spell had even been successful. This mark did not feel like anything. But then he remembered their connection. The young man had not looked him in the eye but still had been in his head. The bond between them, however, it was not the dark, invasive, one the Dark Lord had chosen. Snape wondered if that made it better. Did he want a mark that enslaved his mind, body and soul, despite not being able to feel it, or did he want the vile magic back, if only to remember his status?Closing his eyes, he shook his head. "Never again!" he whispered. Never again would he want magic that tainted his soul. He decided to be grateful.Looking at the silent clock on the dresser, he realised that it was but a few minutes to midnight. He had just reached for the Dreamless Sleep when a white-clad elf with big, cerulean eyes popped into his room. Softly, she whispered, "Mister Snape is to come down to the kitchen, please."The Potion Master wanted to roll his eyes, to tell her that he was not a dog to be called upon all hours of the day. Then, Harry Potter had never stricken him as someone who ordered people around on a fancy. If he was required, there had to be a reason. Maybe his injury was giving the teenager trouble?Straightening his robe, like one would a set of armour, he nodded and gestured for the elf to show him the way.At the end of the corridor, a hidden door between the two 'master' bedrooms was revealed. "This will be bringing Mister Snape down to the kitchen.""Thank you."
The room was pitch black when he entered. Snape would have left, but then he felt the Dark Lord approach. It was not like before when the Dark Mark had made him aware of his master's presence. It was more like the instinctual knowledge of a dangerous predator being in the room with him.Not bothering with light, Voldemort crowded him against the door. "If you betray him, Severus, if you cause Harry Potter heartache, anger or pain, I will torture you for an eternity before letting you plead for death; a death that will be a long time coming. Have I made myself clear?"Drawing his weak occlumency barriers around his mind, to preserve the last fractions of his dignity, the spy … former spy nodded. "Crystal clear, my … Lord Voldemort.""My, my," the Dark Lord mocked, brushing over his chin in a mock-gentle gesture. Severus had to fight the impulse to rub the touch away. "You've switched allegiances fast. But then, it happened fourteen years ago. No wonder you adapted so easily."Snape startled when Barty entered through a door at the side. Unconcerned by the tense atmosphere, the younger wizard stepped up to the table and set down a beautifully glaced cake. He tilted his head, licked his lips, seemingly excited. When the clock stroke midnight, they all could hear footsteps racing down the stairs. Barty weaved out his wand, and fifteen candles flared to life. Another chime. Harry broke into the kitchen and froze when the Death Eater stepped aside, revealing the cake.Another chime and Harry started to tremble, fists clenched, eyes squeezed shut. At the fourth chime, the teenager drew a shuddering breath that revealed how hard he fought for composure.After the ninth, he whispered, "Hagrid … he was the only one who ever gave me a cake on my actual birthday. The first one to acknowledge it. I …"At the twelfth stroke, Voldemort stepped up to him and pulled the boy into his arms. Desperately, Harry clutched his robes. The Dark Lord put his arm around the boy's waist and a hand on the back of his neck. With everybody else, it would have looked threatening. Hands so close to vital points. But tonight, Voldemort's only offered comfort. "Never again, my Harry. You'll never be neglected like that, I swear. You are precious, and I will never let you forget it!" A few minutes later, he let Harry go. "Happy Birthday, *my Horcrux*." The last words were unfamiliar, but Snape vowed to remember them. They seemed a form of endearment that made Harry smile.Barty claimed the next hug. He too whispered, "Happy Birthday, little Lord."Without thought, the teenager included Severus. For a heartbeat, the Potion Master did not know to react; then, he tentatively closed his arms around the slimmer body. Contrary to the other 'guests' of this impromptu birthday party, Harry apparently did not expect him to say anything. When he pulled back, he beamed, "Let's eat."Voldemort rolled his eyes. "Oh yes, please, let us consummate extensive amounts of sugar in the middle of the night.""Shut up," Harry replied good-naturedly and stepped up to the cake.Barty held out a knife, "You have to make a wish."Looking at all of them for a few heartbeats, the young man closed his eyes and blew out the candles."What did you wish for?" The Dark Lord demanded to know."If he tells, it won't come true," Snape replied before Harry could. Surprised at his gall, he tentatively smiled when the teenager chuckled. "True."Voldemort cast a weak Lumos, that hovered over the kitchen table. Somehow, Snape could not see this young, sophisticated version of the Dark Lord taking dinner or even breakfast in this room. However, right now, these surroundings were suitable for the occasion. After a few moments, Voldemort sighed. "Come out, you lot. There is enough cake for all of us."Looking over Severus' back, Harry let out an amused laugh. "Just bring the dishes. I will serve you.""But Master Harry!" A high voice protested, but the teenager seemed unbothered, "My birthday, my rules, Belladonna. Now come on."Within two minutes, six elves claimed places on the bench that surrounded the central table. They giggled, like children who were doing something forbidden. But since Lord Voldemort did not scold them, everything was apparently alright. This was surreal, and Snape could not get rid of the impression that this was all a dream. He had been outed as a spy; had been punished, but only briefly; had lost his Dark Mark; had gained a light one … a lightning one! Now he was sitting beside the son of his best friend and shared his birthday cake. An absolute novelty for Harry, if his initial reaction was to be believed. "Petunia!" He spat out. Because who else would fulfil the requirements to keep the blood sacrifice of Lily Potter née Evans alive, yet make a magical child miserable. He regretted his outburst when Harry's fist clenched around his fork. The boy did not comment yet … "I am sorry. I should not have brought her up."A vicious smile spread over Voldemort's face. "It seems that my former Potion Master and I share an opinion on at least one topic."Sighing, Harry stuffed the last piece of his cake into his mouth. "You can't hurt her. You promised!"Grinning, the Dark Lord informed his 'equal', "I did no such thing. I said that I had no interest in her for now. But that could change at any time. Considering your 'advisor's' reaction, he would simply love to use one concoction or the other on her, testing quite thoroughly if muggles truly suffer when ingesting potions."Scratching the back of his head – When had the boy's hair had gotten so long? And where, by Merlin, were his glasses? – Potter sighed. "We have to get these murderous tendencies of yours under control!"Finishing his glass of milk, Voldemort tilted his head, "Oh, but right now, we were not discussing my murderous tendencies but Severus'.""I need more cake for this!" Harry grumbled, reaching for the plate where one, lonely piece remained. Snape had never had a sweet tooth, but the bland sponge cake worked amazingly well with the 'treacle tart' cream. Longingly he looked at the remains and was utterly surprised when half of it was put on his plate, while the teenager pulled the cake-plate towards himself and started to scrub off the congealed sugar, before polishing off his half. The Potion Master wanted to protest but found that he could not speak.Scowling, he spotted Barty glaring at him while putting away his wand. The Death Eater gestured for him to continue eating. They would discuss this in private! For now, Snape decided to enjoy his treat.Once the glass-dish was squeaky clean, Harry started to droop. It was a sign of how much he trusted the Dark Lord when he allowed the man to lift him and carry him to bed. Snape wanted to follow, to make sure the idiot boy got to bed alright, when Barty held him back, hissing viscously, "When your Master gives you something, you take it and be grateful! Don't dare, ever, to protest an offering again! You have no idea how much weaving your mark took out of Harry.""Then he should have eaten the piece himself," Snape shot back."By Merlin! Do you know the boy at all?" Bartemius Crouch Jr. challenged. "You wanted it. We all could see that! Harry would have given you the entire thing if my Master had not protested the action!" The Dark Lord had become quite vested in Harry eating enough these last few weeks; especially since the young man showed the tendency to serve everyone before himself, even at the cost of his own portion."That is a stupid thing to do!"Defeated, the Death Eater shook his head. "Harry will always look out for others over himself. I'm ashamed that the first person he grants the honour of his mark, does not even know that."The elves bustled around to get the kitchen spotless again. Snape felt compelled to return to his bedroom, following Barty up the stairs. When they had both reached their respective rooms, Snape discovered that Barty had the room on Harry's other side. "Why do you sleep next to him and not to your beloved Lord?""Because then I would not hear his nightmares and be able to help."Closing his eyes against yet another slap to the face, proving once more how little he knew about Harry's situation, Snape admitted ashamed, "I don't.""What?" Barty challenged, tired and bad-tempered.Turning around, Harry's teacher of four years, admitted reluctantly, "I think I do not know him at all."Looking at the room, that still held the Dark Lord and his 'little' Lord, the Death Eater looked at Snape, barring his teeth. "He made you his first advisor. His trust in you knows no bounds. I hope you will prove yourself worthy. Otherwise, you will learn that even a badger can kill a snake."Message received. Nodding, the Potion Master finally entered his room. This time, he swallowed the Dreamless Sleep and was out as soon as his head hit the pillow.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger joined them for breakfast. They did not even blink at Snape. Nor did they react to Voldemort, who studied the Daily Prophet without participating in the conversation. Obviously, they had been aware of Harry's schemes, aligning himself with the Dark Lord and inviting a formerly hated professor. Severus wondered if he should be irritated or grateful. He was still surprised by the familiarity between the Dark Lord and Harry Potter. Of course, he had watched Voldemort easing the child yesterday, but apparently, the care went both ways. Harry seemed determined to refill the man's plate whenever he was finished with his current spread. After the third plate, the older wizard snapped, "I can help myself to breakfast; thank you very much!"
"Sure," Harry shrugged while refilling first Ron's and then the Dark Lord's teacup before helping himself and Snape to more coffee.
"And why, pray, do you insist on feeding me?"
"Because parselmagic needs a lot of energy," Harry and Hermione said in one voice, trading a grin before the witch nudged more toast into the Dark Lord's direction.
Finally lowering the newspaper, Voldemort glared at the girl. "I have no vested interest in your wellbeing whatsoever, Miss Granger. If you continue to be as obstinate as Harry, I will curse you!"
"Of course, Sir," Hermione replied politely, helping herself to some eggs.
When Harry pushed back his half-eaten porridge, the Dark Lord growled. "Don't even think about stopping. I am well aware of your plans for the day."
"But …"
"Eat!"
With a sigh, Harry did as told. Once he was finished, he rose and gestured Snape to follow. When Hermione opened her mouth, he promised. "I just want to show Professor Snape the cottage. I'll be back soon."
"Fine, with your permission, Lord Voldemort, I'll be …"
"… in the library," Harry and Ron finished Hermione's sentence in one voice, grinning at each other.
When the teenager hovered beside the table, the Dark Lord sighed and folded his paper. "When exactly have I been degraded to 'magical carriage'?"
"When you decided that me not landing on the ten square-inch piece of paper you've declared my target, did not qualify me for apparating on my own, let alone side-alonging someone."
Surprised, Snape looked at the young man. Apparition at fifteen? Few grown wizards could land in such a small target. The Dark Lord demanded the impossible, yet Harry Potter went along with it, not even concerned about having been set up for failure. On the terrace, he merely wrapped his arms around the man, apparently hiding a grin against the Dark Lord's chest. "Ready."
The Potion Master was prepared for the harsh grip on his arm, but not for the nausea when your guide let go the moment you landed. He stumbled but did not dare to voice any protest. Instead, he had one of his surreal moments, that seemed to become his new normal, when the older wizard caressed Harry's head for a second, before stepping back briskly. "I am not entertaining your insipid friends. So, return in a timely manner."
"Yes, my Lord." Harry grinned when Voldemort popped away.
Snape took a relieved breath when the Dark Lord was gone. It was beautiful here. They had landed in the middle of luscious green hills that were overgrown with bushes. A gravel path wound through the moor, heading towards a nearby shore, Snape could see from their position. He heard the waves lapping over the sand, and a soft breeze brought fresh air, a relief from the early morning heat.
"You like it here."
Snape had not even realised that he had closed his eyes to soak up the serene surroundings. When he looked at Potter, he tilted his head. "I have always been partial to the sea. The sound of waves has a calming effect. Also, a lot of sea-creatures have their use in potions."
"I'm glad," Harry smiled.
"And why is that?"
"Because the Cottage by the Sea is situated on the southern edge of the Peverell property."

  

The Potion Master's eyes widened when a tiny cottage grew out of the moor. It was small, smaller even than Spinners End, one-bedroom tops, but infinitely more charming.  He could see an additional building apart from the main house.
"I … don't understand."
"This is your new home." The teenager explained. "I'm the only one who knows it's location, so you'll be safe from Dumbledore and everyone else. It's ancient, part of the Potter inheritance, but attached to the Peverell grounds. At some point, it probably was a retreat for one of the Lords, because the original furniture was of outstanding quality. I know it is not that big, but well, … you are only one person, so I thought this would do. The attached workshop has been expanded with wizard's space, and I asked the goblins to make sure it has sufficient ventilation for a lab." When Snape only starred, the boy nudged him, "Do you want to see?"
"I … why would you …?"
"Come on, Sir."
They entered the house. It was as small, just like the outside suggested, 700 square feet at best. The ground floor contained a living-room and a kitchen separated only by a high counter. A sofa, an armchair and a sturdy looking coffee table were arranged in front of a sizable fireplace. The former owners had travelled in style. On the long side of the room, the only window was surrounded by shelves and drawers. The attic had been converted into a bedroom with a tiny walk-in-closet and a bathroom attached. There was a tub-shower combination opposite a basinet, basic furniture, nothing fancy. But Potter was right, every piece of furniture, wooden beam, even the carpets were of outstanding quality and polished to a shine. The entire house smelled of beeswax and lemon cleaners, the natural ones, not the muggle chemicals that made your eyes water. The kitchen was fully stocked. The wardrobe he had discovered in 'his' guestroom the day before, had been transferred. After the main house, Harry showed him the lab.
Inside, it was about the same size as the ground floor of the main building. However, the outside was only half the size. Shelves and a cooling cupboard stood against the far wall, s modern brewing station in the middle and on the small side was a sink big enough to clean even the largest cauldrons. The entire room was bare but, like the house, spotlessly clean. Not being able to take this any longer, Snape snapped, "Potter, why would you give me a house and a potions lab? Does the Dark Lord plan on incarcerating me here?"
"What?" The young man's eyes grew wise. "Of course not! Why would you think that? To incarcerate … No! Voldemort wants you here for a few days, but you are in no way bound to the area. I would prefer you to stay here at least a week, but if you wish to return to Hogwarts, I won't keep you."
Well, that was interesting. However, nobody was as altruistic as to offer a house without a hidden purpose. "Could you? Keep me here, I mean?"
Scratching the back of his head, drawing Snape's eyes once again to the longer hair that made the young man look so much more sophisticated than the mop James Potter had preferred, Harry admitted quietly, "Yes, I could."
"Good. At least you got that part right. Now, answer my question: why would you offer me this?"
"Because someone who cared for you, asked it of me."
"There was only ever one person who cared for me."
"Yes." Changing the topic, Harry prompted, "There are no modern amenities like washing machines, but with your permission, I would ask my Peverell elf to take care for those. She enjoyed preparing the cottage and asked me repeatedly if I would allow her to return. I told her that I wanted to run that by you, first."
House-elves were decadent luxuries for the lazy. But to think about nothing but brewing, not caring for food or washing or cleaning, seemed like bliss. He had handed over his life, shouldn't he be allowed some indulgence? "If she doesn't disturb me in my brewing, she may come."
"Okay," After an explosive exhale, the young man looked up. "I … I did not name her, just … please remember that?"
"Why?"
"Lily!"
"Master Harry? What can Lily do for you?" The white-clad house-elf who had shown him the kitchen yesterday stood on the gravel path, beaming when she spotted him. "Does Mister Severus like the house? Did Lil… did I do good?"
Snape froze. 'Lily' … how could this be? What cruel game were the fates playing?
"Tom's elf is called Merope." A quiet voice drifted over the beautiful landscape. Severus felt that it was strangely at odds with the shattering information conveyed. "We don't know how it happened. We did not even know that we could claim the Peverell inheritance when we went to Gringotts the first time. All six elves here have flower names. All but Lily and Merope had fixed tasks. It's … we can't explain it, but those two … they are suited to serve us. It … somehow … it just feels right."
This was all too much. Occluding with the last strength, Severus looked at the boy, enunciating very clearly, "The only person who ever cared for me was your mother!"
"She still does," Harry whispered, looking into his eyes, proving that he had nothing to hide, nor tried to deceive. Snape was the first to look away. "I'll explain it eventually, but not today. Take your time, Sir. You are welcome at Peverell House whenever you wish. If you want to leave, just tell me. You can use Lil… you can use the house-elf as a messenger if you want to avoid me … us. She will come if you call for her." The young man reached out, touched Snape's arm to offer comfort. "I trust you. Please, don't make me regret it."
"The Dark Lord would kill me if I did."
"Tom would get over it eventually. I don't know if I could. You're one of the few people in my life who never tried to deceive me. Not even by implication." Pulling back, as if to not encroach on the other's space for too long, Harry gestured towards the woods. "The Manor lies on the other side of this small patch. The main house is barely a mile and a half away. Close enough to walk, but far enough for you to have complete autonomy. This cottage is, strictly speaking, not even on Peverell ground. Lily … she has no authority here, beyond what you give her. I'm sorry that … well, I'm sorry for everything really. Still, I don't regret bringing you here. You are wanted, not as a Potion Master or spy or a teacher but as a person. I hope you know that." Then the young man took another step back and apparated away.
Snape stared at the empty spot, unable to make sense of what was happening. Maybe he had gone mad under the Dark Lord's Cruciatus? That would explain a lot! Unable to solve that particular problem, he explored the lab and the house and then maybe take a cup of tea on the back porch. And later … later he would think about returning to Peverell House to demand some answers!

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Of course, 'exploring' the lab had let to brewing. A light lunch followed. Food appeared the moment Severus had sunken into one of the patio desk-chairs. The former spy soaked up the serene atmosphere. Waves crash on the shore were hypnotic, soothing even. Around five, a spot of tea and some homemade shortbread popped up beside him. After that, Snape rested his eyes a little. Falling asleep in a place that he had not adequately warded was out of the question, of course. After helping himself to some fruit, he started the trek back to the Manor. It was indeed rather enjoyable to walk. The path wound its way through light woods that seemed filled with flora aplenty. The Potion Master wondered what kinds of ingredients he could find here. Not that he knew where 'here' really was.
The climate suggested an inner part of England. The weather and the sea were relatively calm. Maybe one of the Isles south of Scotland? He could start a vegetable and herbal patch, perhaps even experiment with a small greenhouse since Pomona guarded hers like a nesting dragon her clutch. He shook himself out of these plans. What was he thinking? A part of him had already accepted that Harry Potter of all people had gifted him a house. He could not afford to let his guard down. To accept such a gift, to claim it as a permanent residence would mean … it would mean … that this was his life now. And Severus was not sure he was ready for that.
Stepping out of the woods, he spotted the Manor. The sun had already sunken below the horizon. A diffuse light guided him to the small side of the building. He ran face-first into a wall when he spotted the 'golden trio' as the Hogwarts students had duped them, concocting in the middle of a glowing circle. Ready to protest the harsh treatment, he noticed Voldemort standing at the edge of the terrace, arms lowered, palms parallel to the floor, his wand at the ready. His attention was divided between Severus and the children. Looking around, the Potion Master spotted a mumbling well, a small fire-pit, a patch of luscious flowers and a wind-chime at the edges of their circle. Symbols and candles were evenly spaced between the items. What kind of ritual was that?
Torn between fury and fear, he edged around the circle to catch his Master's attention. Inwardly, he seethed, what was that idiot boy doing now.
Barty, who had claimed a place behind his Lord's right shoulder, glanced at him. "Stand back, Snape. Harry's marking them and can't afford any distractions!"
"He is what?!"
"Hold your tongue, Severus. You are straining my concentration," The Dark Lord ordered.
Barty explanation in hushed tones, "Miss Granger decided that if Harry started marking people, he would begin with them. During her holiday in France, she unearthed a spell - not unlike a muggle marriage vow - that binds three people together, as equals. The Dark Lord and Harry transformed it into a parsel ritual. "
Lord Voldemort was allowing Harry more followers? Had even encouraged it, by helping with the spell? Snape felt hot and cold; his breath became laboured. Carefully he edged away from the two wizards. He had to stop this ritual! Nothing the Dark Lord had had his hand in, had ever been altruistic. He would never allow a former enemy to gain power, and that was what Severus was hearing. To be granted access to another witches and wizards magic by binding them together was an enormous boost. That's why pureblood witches and wizards were so insisted on the right vows to the right bloodlines because they would enhance the family magic. He had secretly pulled his wand, ready to attack the shields Voldemort was sustaining. Yet before he could cast, he heard Barty call out calmly, "Harry."
The teenagers had just finished mixing a strange concoction between them and rid themselves of their shirts. When Harry looked up, he first met his eyes and then glanced towards Voldemort and Barty. An unspoken exchange took place before the Dark Lord nodded rather insistent. With a sigh, the teenager decreed, "Severus Snape, you will not do anything to disturb, interrupt or otherwise impede this ritual. Tell me you understand my order."
"I do," Severus heard himself reply. From this moment on, no matter how hard he tried, he could not lift his wand, to safe that stupid boy from himself.
"Where do you want it, Ron?"
"My thigh," the redhead replied after a few moments of consideration, before ridding himself of his trousers. "Mum's making us undress when she does laundry. If it's high enough up, I'll be able to keep it hidden beneath my pants."
Harry gave a saucy grin before he sank to his knees before his best friend.
"Mate!" Ron protested. "I did not need that image!" But then he took a deep breath and touched Harry's naked shoulder, while Hermione touched the other and held Ron's free hand.
"I can do it alone, no need to drain yourselves." The teenager protested, but before his friends could reply, the Dark Lord spoke up. "I can only contain, not amplify. You will take their offer of power!"
Rolling his eyes, Harry started to chant, and from his position, Snape could see the strain the spell was causing. All three teenagers were heavily affected. Ron was clenching his teeth. His complexion became waxy, and he started to sweat. The redhead was clenching Hermione's hand so firmly, both of their fingers were turning white. Severus fought against the binding, tried to intervene, to stop this madness, but his master's command rooted him on the spot. The longer the spell lasted, the more the Potion Master started to hate the teenager for it. Then it was over, and Harry sank back on is haunches, breathing deeply. Ron broke to his knees as well, taking huge gulps of air. "By Merlin, let's never do this again."
"Agreed," Harry sighed.
For several minutes, nobody said a word, the last rays of the daying sun were vanishing behind the woods behind the garden when Harry rose and looked at the witch. "Hermione?"
"My hip. I don't make a habit of undressing before my parents, but that way, I can hide it easier in the dormitories."
Nodding, Harry rose and allowed Hermione to wrap her arms around Ron's neck. Meanwhile, he covered her back. Hesitant, he put his hand on her hip from behind. The trio put their heads together, drawing strength from each other. Then the chanting started anew. A bare minute into it, Hermione began to scream, yet instead of pulling back, her friends crowded closer, holding her up, while Harry finished the ritual. She was sobbing, shivering between them while holding her head as if she was afraid it would burst open.
In a calm voice, Voldemort ordered, "We have talked about this, Miss Granger. Stop fighting it. You've lived with your ingenious thought your entire life. The boys' thoughts can hardly compare. Just let them pass you by."
"I … yea … yea, okay." She sniffed, then brushed away her tears. Looking at her hip, she smiled, tracing the design they had agreed upon. She shivered, before nodding decisively. "One more. Then we're finished."
Nodding, Harry took a steeling breath. Stepping between his friends, seeking as much physical contact as possible and put his hand over his heart. Ron stepped up to him from behind, Hermione covered his front, trapping his hand between their half-naked bodies. "Stop holding back, Harry. You need to draw from both of us. We're equals, remember?"
Nodding, the teenager closed his eyes and started the ritual for the last time. His voice wavered, but his pronunciation was as clear as before, even during the worst of the pain. The design seemed to burn itself into his body. Snape was trembling with barely suppressed rage. How did this stupid boy dare to cause himself pain? What use did he have for a leash for his two best friends? It was not as if they were not following him like lapdogs anyway! He should have talked about Harry's plans when he had the chance in the morning. An unforgivable oversight!
Once the ritual was through, the teenagers broke down in the middle of the circle. Harry was lying with his head on Ron's thigh, Ron had his head on Hermione's hip, and Hermione was comfortably resting against Harry's chest. As the protective shield around them broke, Severus started running towards them. He was surprised to notice that the Dark Lord and Barty were joining him. House-elves popped up around them, carrying trays and pitchers. Once he was kneeling next to the stupid children, Snape noticed that they laughed, louder and louder with each second. Unconcerned, the Dark Lord forced some juice and finger-food that looked suspiciously like a mini-quiche on Hermione, while Barty offered a glass of milk and a biscuit to Ron. That left Snape with tea and mini-sandwiches for Harry, and while the idiot boy took it, even swallowed three of them in short order, he stopped eating, instead of laughing out loud, when Hermione snickered, "The bear."
"What?" Ron grinned. "That's Fred Asbear! Bill charmed him for me, soon after Ginny was born."
"Your little sister got all the attention, leaving you with but dancing toys?" Harry grinned.
"Exactly!" The redhead smiled at the fond memory fond, accepting more food from Barty. "Charlie and Percy were always the ones who got along best, both studious but with entirely different points of interest. Bill was more annoyed than enamoured with the new baby-girl, and one evening he heard me crying. He charmed my bear as a kind of pick me up."
Recalling a memory that was not her own, Hermione chuckled, "He still does that, when he thinks you are sad. Did he really charm a pullover to tap-dance when he heard you crying over your growing molars?"
"Hey!" Ron threw a napkin at her. "That hurt like a bitch!"
Throwing the balled-up napkin with surprising accuracy, she replied, "My parents are dentists Ron. I know exactly how much growing teeth can hurt. But you were thirteen, and your brother still thought a dancing bear would cheer you up."
"To be fair, he was half asleep at that point," Harry recalled, then he looked at Ron, squeezing his hand. "You are the most important Weasley for us. You know that mate. I like your brothers and Ginny, but I would never …"
Hermione, caressed Ron's head on her hip, smiling at him, "We would never trade you for anything. No brilliant curse-breaker, no daring dragon-tamer, no studious ministry-worker, no annoying twins or seventh daughter could ever be as important for us as you."
Swallowing thickly, gratefully accepting more food from Barty, Ron mumbled, "I know."
Over the next few minutes, the trio spat out random words, that threw them into bouts of laughter. Whenever the adults got the chance, they stuffed them with food. Snape would have expected for Voldemort to grow tired of this, but he did not complain, nor did he draw attention to himself.
After a while, Harry caressed Hermione's cheek until she looked up from her position on his chest. Softly he assured her. "You don't have to try so hard, you know."
"Yea," Ron agreed, kissing her tummy absent-minded before looking up at her. "We love you. Not being the best at absolutely everything will not change that."
Breathing wetly for a moment, Hermione admitted, "I know … Really, I do! It's just … even when my parents were struggling with their surgery, we would rather not go on holiday or not eat out for a year, than send me to a public school. They always made sure that I received the best education, and I always felt that I am failing them if I don't do my absolute best. And after coming to Hogwarts … if I'm not 'the brightest witch of my age'," she practically spat out that title, "what am I?"
Pulling her closer so that he could hug her, Harry assured her, "You're Hermione Granger. You're brilliant, even without the book-smarts. You are kind and caring and such an amazing person. Without you, Ron and I wouldn't even have survived first year."
For a few minutes, the teenagers sat wrapped around each other. They all could hear the young witch sniffle, but nobody said a word. When she pulled back, she shoved both Harry and Ron, "Just because I paid attention in Herbology."
"All those freaky plants from first year." Ron chuckled, "Who would know that Devil's Snare would be the first thing in the wizarding world out to kill us?" The moment this sentence had left his mouth, the redhead whipped around and wrapped his best friend in a bone-crushing hug. "No … never, Harry, by Morgana, No!" Hermione immediately mirrored his position, holding on to their smallest friend, rubbing his back comfortingly. "You are not a freak, and you are worth something. My god, what did these vile muggles do? I …," her voice was full of tears again, a pain so profound it was breaking their hearts, even though Snape was sure it was not her own. Harry was not making a single noise. He just sat curled up between his two friends, knees pulled tight to his chests, arms wrapped around them, rocking back and forth. Ron's words were barely louder than a gush of wind, "You are a wizard, Harry. That does not make you a monster or a freak, and it certainly does not make you expendable, just because you have some freaky prophecy hanging over your head. You are …"
It was evident that the teenagers were overwhelmed by the amount of grief their friend was feeling. For the first time, since the shield had fallen, Voldemort reached out for Harry. Clutching him by the neck like an unruly kitten, he forced the boy to look into his ruby-red eyes. "You are precious Harry Potter, your life, your happiness is precious not only to your friends but to me as well. You know that."
"Because I'm your last fucking Horcrux!" The 'boy who lived' replied harshly and Snape felt like is heart was turning to lead. A Horcrux. That explained so much!
The Dark Lord did not disgrace the suffering teenager by offering pretty but meaningless words. Instead, he opted for the truth. "Yes, you are. But you are precious to me because you have given me my life back. You were willing to sacrifice yourself for your friends, for all of Britain just so that muggles, half-bloods and purebloods could live and thrive. You reminded me, what my crusade against the Ministry was all about, and I value our moments. Even those when you defy me."
"Really?" Harry whispered, sounding far too young, for a teenager of fifteen. Opening his arms, Voldemort allowed the child to crawl into his lap, curling up against his chest, Voldemort assured him, "Really." Ron and Hermione still sat close, petting their friend to offer reassurance. But Snape could see that they too were drooping. The stars started to light up the sky, when the Dark Lord decided, "Let's put them to bed. Severus, you take Harry."
Cautiously pulling the boy out of the Dark Lord's lap, Snape cast a featherlight charm, before rising to his feet. Voldemort picked up Hermione while Barty cared for Ron. Without a word, Snape followed them. Once the teenagers had all been put to bed in Harry's room, Barty gently closed the door on his way out.
It was awkward for Snape to be in the same room as the Dark Lord, the wizard not being 'his' Lord any longer. Voldemort did not share that concern. He chose a book from the vast collection Harry had assembled and claimed an armchair in front of the fireplace. His only concession to the situation was him turning the chair around to watch the recovering teenagers. Not knowing what to do with himself, Snape debated leaving for 'his' guestroom or staying to make sure that the blasted boy would wake in the morning.
"If you want to remain at your master's side, either chose a book or a place where you're out of my hair."
"He's not my master!" Snape only realised that he had risen to the Dark Lord's bait when he saw the cold smile the man gave him.
"Really?" The Dark Lord challenged, before pulling his wand, "Imperio!"
Severus tried to snap his Occlumency shields up, but the other wizard was too fast. He was prepared for the comfortable blanket the curse used to subdue its victims. But the sensation never came. "I don't understand," he admitted.
Lifting the spell, Voldemort gestured towards the bed. "Harry put numerous fail-safes into your mark. Spells that target the mind get mostly redirected to him. His mental defences add to yours, so his chances of overcoming such spells are far greater than yours."
"That's impossible," Snape whispered. Why would anybody do that? Suffer for someone else? That was not even possible! But then … Harry Potter had overcome the most unlikely odds since he was fifteen months old.
"Really," a cruel smile appeared, "Crucio!"
There was a whimper from the bed, yet Snape remained pain-free. "Stop it!" He whispered harshly, instinctively stepping between the Dark Lord and Harry. "Please, don't hurt him!"
Letting up his spell, the other chuckled, "I would never hurt, *my Horcrux*. His mental defences are impenetrable. Not even the Unforgivables can breach them."
"I don't understand!"
"Cast, Legilimens." The Dark Lord ordered. "We both know that you are a master of the mind-arts. You could have never managed to deceive me otherwise." There was hatred in that accusation, but Snape could not care about that, right now. He was cautiously approaching the bed, aware that a sleeping person was barely able to defend him- or herself. Snape touched Harry's cheek for a fleeting moment. When the boy's eyes fluttered open for a heartbeat, he cast. The force that repelled him from the teenager's mind was enough to throw him through the room. He landed in a heap at the bottom of the far wall, right under the window. Under different circumstances, he might have broken something. But his 'luck' seemed to hold, while he hurt all over, he had little trouble moving.
"Three parts became one through this ritual." Rising, he gestured Snape to approach to the bed again. Lightly lifting the blanket, he revealed the mark that Snape had not studied for now. "The knowledge," he gestured towards a book, that formed the base of the design, "the tactic," he indicated the chess-piece, that stood on the book, "and the power." a lightning bolt seemed to hug both the king and the book. It took Snape a few seconds to realise that Harry's lightning bolt was on the same position on the young man's chest, as his own. "No matter who he goes against, you, me or even Dumbledore. From this day forth, his mind is protected. And with his friends in his head, should they so wish, even his body."
"Their minds are one?" That way, insanity lay.
"No," the Dark Lord pulled the covers back over the teenagers and retreated to his chair. This time, Severus joined him. He had made himself comfortable and accepted a cup of tea from the tray that popped up on the small table between them. "They can choose to go into each other's head or to shield from each other. However, that will need more training. Even over large distances, they can share knowledge and information, making them formidable forces in the political game."
"These children are fifteen years old!"
"Exactly! They have but two years to prepare for the political stage we will use to change our world."
Looking at the sleeping trio, pondering the Slytherin move. He wondered if they had not turned 'dark', using mind-arts and parseltongue to their advantage. It was a comfortable feeling not to be concerned about it. Maybe this time, Severus Snape had chosen the winning side.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Not long after midnight, Harry had a nightmare. Snape rose and approached the bed, where the young man lay curled up in a corner. Soothingly he had put a hand on his shoulder, to shake him awake, but since the teenager eased at the contact, he refrained. Regrettably, Harry seemed to slip back into the bad dream as soon as Severus let go. So, he had claimed a place at the end of the broad bed to keep the young man company. The professor was determined to return to his seat as soon as Harry calmed down. Yet, somehow, he must have fallen asleep.

  "Serpentsortia!"

A curse woke him, but everything was black. Panicked, Snape reached for his wand, but could not orient himself in the commotion around him. The mattress bounced, and he pulled back towards what he believed Harry to be, to shield the boy when something long and hard wound around his neck. "Lumos. Lumos! Lumos!" Nothing happened, and the Potion Master started to grow frantic, reaching for his neck to free himself. He could hear spells flying and casting in both parseltongue and Latin, but it was too overlapped to identify anything. Trying to shield himself, he slipped closer to the edge, but his 'collar' would not allow much freedom. Covering himself with a Protego, he hoped for the best.

Harry could not remember waking. One moment he was asleep, the next he was engaged in a duel, three against one. The Dark Lord's eyes were a fiery red, as he shot spell after spell at him and his friends. Hermione took up shielding, Ron was manoeuvring them, looking for a tactical advantage. Harry was meeting the parsel-spells head-on. He spotted Snape on the bed, choked by a wooden snake-bannister that had come to life. Harry wanted to help but knew that Tom would use every opening. So, he resorted to shielding his follower and then engaged in the fight. When a few Lumos were stacked on top of each other, blinding them, he floundered. But the assault never ceased. Harry needed a few moments to feel for Snape's magic through the mark before he could Nox the light.
The coordination with Ron and Hermione was as easy as breathing. The link between them wide open. What had been irritating before, was now easy and comfortable, because the trio shared a common goal: protecting each other while defeating the enemy. Of course, the teenagers knew that they could not seriously harm their opponent. Still, creative use of Wingardium Leviosa and Levicorpus gave them an edge; mostly because they were three against one. Lord Voldemort did not seem to have any scruple. He cast fire and ice, cut up fabric and tore apart furniture when the teenagers jumped out of the way of his spells. For what felt like hours, they duelled until Tom had them cornered, hiding behind overlapping shield spells, maintained by the last of their strength.
"Acceptable. It seems that fighting together comes naturally to you. Now take a shower and then come down for breakfast."
"What?" Ron croaked, holding a bleeding wound on his upper arm. The redhead looked incredulous at the Dark Lord.
Glancing down, the man cast, "Episkey," The wound healed seamlessly. "Get on with it. I am starving."
Harry demanded before Tom could leave, "Free him!"
Yet the Dark Lord only looked over his shoulder, and bared his teeth, "He's your servant. Do it yourself!"
Groaning, Hermione staggered to her feet, inspecting a tear in her jeans with regret. "I hope he won't wake us like that every morning."
Ron followed her out of the room, "I wouldn't count on it. But your wards were bloody brilliant. Could you …"
Harry approached the bed, where Snape still cowered, hunched up under a strong Protego.
"Sir, it's okay. It's over."
Cancelling the spell, the Potion Master tried to sit up, until he realised that he was still collard. "Then turn on the blasted lights!" He demanded imperiously. "And free me of this cursed binding."
"Ahm … professor, the lights are on. It's morning, already."
The man started to turn very still at that, and Harry hastened to free him of the railing by commanding the wooden snake, the Dark Lord had charmed to life to return to her place on his bedpost. Snape rubbed his throat compulsively. "I … I can't see," he whispered. Then louder, "The Dark Lord blinded me." He flinched back violently when the teenager tried to ease him. "I know. He made you a disadvantage. I think he wanted to teach me to prioritise. But it's okay. We'll find a way to end his spell. Finite Incantatem!"
Nothing happened.

A liability. The Dark Lord had made him a liability. Of course, he had. The man hated him, and without his eyes, Severus could do … nothing really. He could not analyse situations. Could not offer advice about what was happening. He could not even brew. By Merlin, he was blind! He could never brew a potion again! Of course, sense, taste and smell were equally important for potions. But without his eyes … The Potion Master did his best to swallow down a despairing sob. Voldemort had been angry, even hurt by his betrayal. He had freed him and let Harry offer him a cottage and a house-elf. It had sounded like a dream. Severus should have been on guard! Nothing good ever came his way. A home and protection? Everything had been but an illusion. Now he was a burden, not even able to navigate his new house.
Staggering up from the bed, he demanded harshly, "Bring me back to the cottage."
Surprisingly, Harry did as told. He could feel the replacement and then forced himself to inhale the soothing smell of the sea. Allowing the young man to guide him into the main room, he then shoved the teenager away. "Now leave!"
"No."

  "How dare you?"

Seemingly not being bothered by being shouted at, the young man stepped closer. "I know you are scared, Sir. But I won't abandon you. You don't have to go through this alone. I know that Tom is a bastard and that this was his vindictive way of punishing you without violating our agreement."
"He did not punish me," Severus roared, "He destroyed me! I'm useless this way. Nothing but a burden!" Swallowed down a choke, there was but one advice, he could offer his 'master' in this situation. "You should cut me loose and concentrate on the bond with your friends. The Dark Lord has great expectations. You should thrive on meeting them."
When he felt a warm hand on his cheek, he startled back, tumbling over the armchair. But before he could fall and possibly split his head on the mantlepiece, strong arms caught him and guided him towards the chair. Severus was trembling all over, compulsively clenching the fabric of his robes. Only when Harry stepped even closer, did he realise that he had held on to the young man's garment instead of his own. When the child pulled him in, he was helpless but to yield. This situation was beyond terrifying. It felt nice to receive comfort when he could not even remember the last time someone had genuinely cared. "This renders me useless." He whispered, shaking from the strain of holding himself up.
"Oh, professor," the young man sighed. "You are so much more than your eyes. And this is not forever, I promise you. With Tom, everything is a test. I swear, to you, I will pass this one. I will find a way to give you your eyes back. You just have to trust me."
"You shouldn't bother." He tried to pull back. He was not worth it. Best to make Harry see that right now before he exerted his magical powers and possible favours, he gathered with the Dark Lord.
"Yes, I should!" The other insisted. "By god, have you always had such a low opinion of yourself? You know what, don't answer that. Let's get you cleaned up and then have breakfast. I promised to be back for training before lunch. And now I have to research the spell he used on you on top of that. I certainly have learned more magic this summer than any other year before." He helped Snape to his feet. "Then, I have never had my things available either, so …"
The Potion Master thought it wise not to address the mumbled comment. However, he kept it in mind.

With Harry by his side, they reached the first floor and though embarrassed, allowed the young man to help him undress. A towel preserved his modesty when they entered the bathroom. Soap, shampoo and a bathrobe were arranged within easy reach. Once he had showered and dried himself, Harry helped him back to the bedroom and offered pants and a shirt. The older wizard felt him turn away whenever he exposed himself and was infinitely grateful for it. It took them considerably more time than usual, but within half an hour Snape sat on his patio, hair combed by Harry, a tray of finger-food on his lap and a non-spilling cup of coffee on the side-table between them. He could smell the bacon and eggs the teenager had ordered for himself, and though the smell made his mouth water, he did not voice any desire for another portion. He would not be able to work the cutlery and preserve his dignity.
The soft ripping sound of fresh scones drew his attention. When the smell of warm butter and fruity jam hit his nose, he swallowed compulsively.
"Hold out your hand, palm up," Harry instructed and without thought, he obeyed. A warm scone was put in his hand. "It's raspberry jam. I hope that's alright."
Manoeuvring the treat so he could savour it, he nodded his head. "Certainly. Thank you." Once he was finished, the teenager offered more. "Strawberry jam?"
"Is apricot available?"
"Certainly," he could hear Harry grin but tried to take the next half as dignified as possible.
The situation was equally humiliating and comforting. The young man had shown foresight when he had ordered bite-sized sandwiches for him. But not even finding one's mouth without guidance, was embarrassing. Snape did not think he could suffer through lunch, without burning from shame. So, he dragged out breakfast and accepted two more halved scones before draining his coffee and then a glass of orange juice. He had always enjoyed the slightly tangy drink over the usually too sweet pumpkin juice.
When Harry finally rose, he tensed again. "We have to get back."
"I doubt that I can walk these woods."
"If you trust me, I can side-along you, like before."
"I thought that was forbidden."
He could hear the scarcely supressed chuckle, the teenager offered, "Have you ever heard the phrase, >It's better to ask forgiveness than permission.<?"
"Word's you seem to live by."
The young man grinned, "No comment. Come on, Sir."
Unsure of how to arrange himself, Severus tensed when Harry stepped into his arms. "Just relax. We'll take a step to your right, and that'll bring us to the terrace. Aright?"
 "Agreed." He cautiously wrapped his arms around the other. Within a moment, he felt the smooth stone floor beneath his feet. The apparation had gone smoother than anticipated, which made him wonder how much the teenagers' magic and his own were entwined.

*I hate you,* Harry hissed upon entering the salon where Ron and Hermione sat around a small table, studying.
*Dully noted.* Voldemort did not even bother to look up.

  *You're just mean because you hate him!*

Meeting the young man's eyes, deliberately switching from parseltongue to English, the Dark Lord agreed, "Yes, Harry, I hate your Potion Master. I will target him any chance I get. What do you plan to do about that?"
"You …," Harry bristled, ready to jump down the older wizard's throat, when Snape held him back, advising him quietly, "That was not a threat. That was information, so you have a chance to prepare for further assaults. You should use that knowledge wisely." Still, the human Horcrux glared at the Dark Lord when he pulled Snape down on the couch beside him, accepting the book, Hermione shoved over.
"Chapters seven to nine."
"Miss Granger," Voldemort drew the trio's attention, gesturing at a chessboard he had set up. "I challenge you for a match."
The teenagers traded glances. Hermione rose, but Harry held her back. "You want to divide our focus. Hermione is helping me right now."
"And I offered a challenge. She needs to meet it."
The young witch swayed for a moment, but then sat back down. "No, I don't. You have challenged me, but I am not obligated to accept."
With the hint of a smile, the Dark Lord tilted his head, "Where did that knowledge come from?"
After a moment, Ron replied, "Me. Charlie taught me that."
"Good. Now leave Mr. Weasley. There are brooms in the shack. Go flying."
Looking around confused, Harry demanded to know, "Where is Ron supposed to fly?"
Hermione, as always, understood immediately, "It doesn't matter, where he flies. Flying needs concentration, so he will have to do two things at once, helping me win the match and concentrate on not crashing."
"No! No, no, no, no, no. That’s not happening," Harry contradicted, approaching Tom despite Snape's efforts to keep him on the sofa. "You can put me in danger all you want. But not Ron or Hermione. Not for mere 'training' purposes! They are my friends. I'm supposed to protect them."
"Foolish child!" Voldemort hissed. *What do you think I am doing? You three need to learn to think as one or as three separate beings! That requires training if you wish to make it through your next year at Hogwarts undetected! So, stop being noble and use the resources I offer.* Speaking of resources, made the Dark Lord sigh. "Fine. Barty, go! Make sure the redhead doesn't injure himself seriously. And you, Harry, get back to your books. You have a limited timeframe to undo my spell. If you take too long, your Potion Master will be blind forever!"
Harry could feel Snape tense but decided not to comment further. Picking up the book, Hermione had offered, he sank back into the cushions. Ever so slightly, he could feel his professor reaching out for him. Yet the man only allowed himself contact with but the tips of his fingers on Harry's robes. Somehow the teenager felt as if the older wizard believed that not even that should be allowed. To ease the man, he leaned against him and started to read out in a whisper. They decided to test the reflexes in the Potion Master's eyes to determine if the problem was physical or mental. His pupils dilated as expected; the organs seemed unharmed.
Lunch was about to be served, and Harry was hoarse. He had read from three books while browsing four more. They had abandoned more than half of Hermione's sources since the problem seemed to be mental or at least located in the brain and not the eyes. After the third volume, the teenager shoved the books away, suppressing an apology at Hermione's disapproving glare. Rubbing the bridge of his nose, he still was not entirely used to not needing glasses, he thought, 'If we at least knew the wording of the spell, that might help to identify a counter.'
"The first spell I heard was the Sectumsempra. I'm not sure he spoke an incantation before that." Hermione commented, before moving her queenside castle, "Check."
'He might have cast wordlessly.' Ron offered, distracted.
Harry snapped at Tom, "How can I find the counter to a spell you did not even speak the enchantment?"
Thwarting the witch's plan of besting him, the Dark Lord smiled, "Just because your smart, little witch didn't understand the incantation, does not mean that there wasn't one. Stop thinking like a lion charging after an antelope, Miss Granger. You need more subtlety when engaging in mind games."
"This is not a mind game; this is chess!" The young woman protested.
'Ouch! Bloody Hell!'
"Ron!" Harry and Hermione jumped to her feet, ready to run for their friend, but Voldemort instructed them, "Sit down! We are not finished! Barty is perfectly capable of looking after him."
"Ron hurt himself!"
"He will survive. Won't he?"
Sighing, the teenager sat back, feeling the Potion Master relax beside him, once they were in contact again. "He's right, Hermione. Concentrate on your game. And I'll …"
"You said everything with him is a test," Snape recalled quietly. When Harry turned towards him, the Potion Master clasped his robe compulsively, as if he was afraid that the young man would abandon him to the darkness, with an enemy nearby. He needed but a heartbeat to realise what he was doing and released the fabric. "The Dark Lord always had plans within plans. What do you think is his goal right now?"
"Mind games … Hermione did not ‘understand' the incantation …" Harry mumbled, before exhaling defeated, turning towards Tom. "You really are a bastard."
The other grinned like a snake.
The teenager rose and trailed his wand on Snape, "Relax Professor. It will be alright in a moment." Then he cast, in parseltongue, *End this spell.* [Finite Incantatem]
After blinking compulsively for a few moments, the Potion Master rose and bowed before Harry, "Thank you. Now excuse me." Then he left for the guest-wing.
When Harry wanted to follow, Tom held him back, "Don't, Harry. Severus never took weakness very well. Let him regain his composure."
Scratching the back of his neck, the teenager pleaded, "Could you then maybe not target him so visciously. He's struggling as it is."
"Checkmate," After his last move, the Dark Lord rose while Hermione was analysing the board. Gently he pulled the teenager into his arms. "You have to close the link. I understand keeping it open to be available should he need help. But right now, it's unsettling you when there is no need. You need to balance. If you open yourself up to everything your friends suffer, you will go insane."
Maybe it was mostly the seventeen-year-old Tom Riddle who made Harry nod, understand that what his older counterpart said was logical. But it was all Harry, who stepped up to Tom and hugged him close, seeking comfort. For minutes they just stood together, not saying anything.
Ron barged through the door and bounded over to Hermione and the chessboard. "I didn't … you … he … bollocks. Checkmate."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    As soon as the door of 'his' guestroom closed behind him, Snape cast every ward he knew. Once he was sure the room was secure, he started screaming and slashing the curtains and bedcovers, he blasted the dresser to smithereens and then the bed frame. He raved and ranted, lashing out with his magic until he stood in the middle of shambles. Exhausted, he broke to his knees, clutched his head and screamed and screamed and screamed.
Why? Why was this his life now? Abandoned then branded anew; serving as a tool. It seemed that the only purpose of his existence was to suffer, no reprieve in sight.
"Mister Severus?"
An anxious whisper shook him out of his depressing thoughts, and he startled back from the white-clad elf beside him. Lily kneaded her little fingers nervously, but still continued, "Master asked Lil… I… me to invite you to lunch. Me is sorry to disturb you."
"I am sorry to disturb you." He corrected automatically, sighing at his reaction.
"I am sorry to disturb you," Lily repeated dutifully.
"Good," he nodded and fought his way to his feet. "I am sorry for the mess I've made. Just leave it, and I'll take care of it after lunch. Provided I have the capacity."
"Can Lil… can I do it?" The elf asked, hopefully.
"You are not my servant, Lily." Even the name of the elf hurt. Everything hurt so much …
Dejected, the girl let her ears droop. "Master Harry said that I could be if Mas… Mister Severus … you allowed it. Lil… me can do better. I," she corrected herself, "can do better, for you! I promise."
Studying the magical creature, remembering how Lucius had treated his elf, and how kind the Dark Lord had been in the kitchen the night before. Would she be punished if she were not allowed to serve him? "Would you have to hurt yourself if I rejected you?"
Frowning, the elf shook her head, "Why would Lily punish herself? Lily is a good elf. She did nothing wrong!"
Lord Voldemort was kinder to creatures than people. Severus tried not to read too much into that. Still, he had decided to take advantage. Even if he was at the bottom of the pecking order, he could make use of an elf's services freely offered. "Thank you, Lily. I would be grateful if you could mend this room."
Beaming brightly, the white-clad elf snapped her fingers. At once, his clothes were neatly pressed and free of shards and dust, hair coifed perfectly, though that irked him a little. All in all, he once again presented the perfect picture of a composed wizard. Looking into the mirror - the only thing in the room he had not destroyed - he pulled his occlumency shields tight. Tool and toy, scraping goat and whipping boy. He would get through this. Harry cared; had made every effort to support Severus and protect him to the best of his abilities. It was not the young man's fault that Lord Voldemort was targeting him, but his own for turning his back on the man he had sworn allegiance to. He deserved this treatment and would not hide from it.
Taking a deep breath, he took down the wards and left for the dining room. He would not allow Voldemort to break him. Not now when he could be free of him as soon as summer was over. The new school year had never seemed as enticing. Just him and Harry Potter; his little friends, and whatever crazy scheme fate had in store for them this year.

The crash of someone falling out of bed would undoubtedly have woken the Dark Lord, had he not been awake already. Tying the belt of his black dressing robe, he came across a sleepy Hermione and Ron, who entered the 'family' corridor from the floor below where their rooms lay.
"Harry had," Hermione started, and Ron finished, "a nightmare about the Chamber of Secrets." They were in synch at the moment.
"I'm aware. Return to sleep."
"Kind of hard when your head is filled with nightmares."
Glaring at the redhead, the Dark Lord insisted, "I have taught you sufficient occlumency to shut the connection."
"But …"
Tom Riddle watched them unwavering until they retreated.
When he entered, the occupant of the room insisted, without turning around. "I'm fine, guys. I'm sorry, I lost control of my shields."
Wordlessly Tom stepped closer. When Harry recognised his late-night-guest, he whipped around. "You! What are you doing in here? It's not as if you're not making enough trouble as it is!"
With raised eyebrows, the other demanded to know, "Really? Considering that it was you, who insisted on keeping such a big part of my soul, how could I contribute to your current misfortune?"
Angrily, Harry hissed, "Your damn Horcrux is using every chance he gets to whisper into my ear. He even forces dreams of the Chamber on me! Everything is a cat and mouse game with him, and all Tom cares about is his own bloody opinion. He nags and nags and nags until he gets his way, but not with me! I'm not your toy to bend to your every whim. I'm a person, and I will make my own bloody decisions!"
"Are you finished?"
"What?" The teenager gapped at the bored tone.
Claiming a chair in front of the fireplace, Tom looked up, "I asked if you were finished with your childish tantrum or if you want to go on for a little longer. Since you keep dragging me into your dreams, not allowing me to find any rest, I decided to accommodate you."
"Accommodate me?" Harry spat out. "This is my mind we are talking about."
"Yes, your mind. And nobody and nothing can ever change that. If you were to accept that simple truth, we could both finally get some sleep."
"Are you even listening to me?"
"Sit!"
Defeated, the young man sank into the chair in front of the dying fireplace. He was beyond exhausted and would give everything for a vial of Dreamless Sleep. But Snape was not ready to supply him, yet. He did not want to give the impression that he valued his professor only for his potion-making skills. "Seriously, I don't know if I can do this much longer. I'm going crazy here."
"Why? Because my Horcrux is whispering to you?"
"Every minute of every night, your seventeen-year-old self is around. He's trying to grind me down, to convince me of his ideas."
Shrugging, the older wizard demanded to know. "And what did you expect, when freely accepting that part of my soul? That my younger self would keep nice and quiet and speak when spoken to? You pulled him along for the ride. Now you'll have to live with that decision."
"That's what you want, isn't it?" Harry sighed, closer to tears than he wanted to admit. "To make me a mirror image of you, so I can help to further your plans and recruit at Hogwarts. What worked thirty years ago should work now as well. "
Sighing tiredly, Tom shook his head, "No, Harry. If that's what I wanted, I would have found a way. But this is not about me but you. You are the main soul inside of your body. Of course, my Horcrux can influence you; you chose him freely, after all. That gave him a lot more power than the tiny shard had I parted with fourteen years ago. But the last decision will always be yours. What to think, how to act and certainly when to lock a part of yourself away."
Hopefully, the young wizard looked up, "You mean shut him out?"
"More shut him in."
"I don't understand."
Shaking his head, the man inquired, "You have managed to shut your friends out the majority of the day."
"Of course, you taught us."
With a small gesture, Tom wanted to know, "What keeps you from doing the same with my Horcrux?"
"I …" Harry started but then thought about it. He hated his current dilemma but enjoyed the late-night talks he could share with his soulmate. Soulsharer? Soulpartner? What a weird concept. During the daylight hours, Tom Riddle was all about maintaining an image. His training methods were effective but harsh. He never gave an inch. When he was set on a course, he expected everyone to bow to his decisions. But at night, when it was just the two of them … it was nice. It was as if he cared.
With an elaborate wave of his wand, the older man expanded his chair and held out his hand, "Come to me, *my Horcrux*." When Harry curled up beside him, Tom pulled him close and kissed his hair. "I will always care about you. You know that. You are smart, have good ideas, and I know that together we can reach any goal."
Leaning into the embrace, the teenager mumbled, "You should learn to tell someone you care about him, without pointing out all the advantages this person provides for you."
"No."
"No?"
"No," Tom decided. "People would think me soft."
"Heaven forbid that." Harry chuckled.
For a few minutes, the two wizards merely bask in their proximity. In their youth, they never had anybody to simply touch them, to show affection, just for the sake of it. It was a novel concept for both, and neither would ever admit how much they wanted … even needed it. "I'm serious, Harry. You are in command. You can simply lock your mind. He manifests in the Chamber, so keep it there. Go down on occasion, talk to him … me … you know what I mean. But as long as you have a firm grip on the barrier around it, it can't influence you in any way."
"I don't know if I can do that," the teenager whispered. "What if I'm not strong enough?"
"You were strong enough to kill a basilisk. This is child's-play."
"I …"
Tom started to card his fingers through Harry's growing hair. "Lay down and close your eyes. We'll do it together tonight. Tomorrow you can use your outings to Severus for occlumency lessons."
Relieved, Harry closed his eyes, concentrated on the soothing rhythm of Tom's fingers. "Breathe calmly and close your eyes. Let the dream come. I'll be there."

Looking around, Tom commented, "You have an excellent memory. These surroundings look nearly identical to how I remember them." Turning around, he spotted a twelve-year-old. "Why are you so young?"
Looking down on himself, Harry had never noticed that he de-aged in his dreams, he shrugged, "Maybe because I was twelve when I came here?"
That was an entirely different can of worms since the boy looked closer to eleven than a beginning teenager. But Tom was not ready to go into this yet. So, he gestured towards the door, "Is he in there?"
The child nodded, and admitted somewhat fearfully, "He always tries to drag me in here. Or he creates a bridge between the chamber and my current dream. I can never find a moment of peace." He sounded afraid, more uncertain than when awake. Or maybe, the young man had just learned to hide his feelings better.
"And why don't you simply close the door? The Chamber can be sealed, as you very well know. No way in our out." Actually, in dreams, there were countless bridges from one dreamscape to the next. But if Tom could make Harry belief that he could simply lock this door, he would have his Horcrux contained for a while. In the end, mind-magic was all about conviction.
"I …" Harry studied the portal and nodded slowly. "Yes … yes, I could do that. And there is no other way out. Because if there were, the basilisk would not have been contained to the Chamber since Vol… you set him free all those years ago."
The time-frame was all messed up, but that aside, the logic was sound. "Exactly. So, how do you close the door."
*Close* The boy commanded and when the vast gate closed and the snake-locks engaged, he smiled up at the other wizard, all childish innocence and faith, "Just like that. And now he can't come out any longer."
"No," the Dark Lord caressed the child's head and didn't even tense when the boy wrapped his arms around him. "Now he's safely contained. What do you plan on doing now?"
"I think," Harry yawned, "I think I'm going to bed." And with that they were at the top of Gryffindor tower, the child climbing into a four-poster-bed, curling up under the covers. "Will you stay?" He whispered. "Just to be sure that I got it right?"
Leaning against the headboard, Tom let the child could curl up beside him. "Of course. I will guard your dreams. Good night *my Horcrux*."
"Night, Tom."

Opening his eyes, Tom Riddle slipped a cushion under Harry's head. The young man was sleeping soundly. They would have to go over his occlumency barriers, enforce and adapt them to this highly unusual situation. But for tonight, he had offered enough conviction that Harry's shields should do the rest.
After covering the young man with a blanket, he pondered the situation, when leaving for his room. He had not anticipated the part of his soul to take such an … active approach to convince the teenager of their ways. And if he remembered correctly, at seventeen, he had been impatient, full of big ideas and clever plots. Some of them had worked, and Harry would benefit from knowing them. Others had not because he had wanted too much, too soon.
Eventually, Harry and his Horcrux needed to come to an arrangement to utilise their shared knowledge. But that was a problem for another day. Tonight, they could finally get some rest.

A part of Severus wanted to rant, to demand his personal space, but another, smaller, hidden part, forced him to keep his mouth shut, every time Harry Potter came to visit. For the last weeks, the young man had developed a habit of appearing mid-morning. He apparated into the small back garden, greeted Severus with a brief hug when he was out already, or touch his arm if he was brewing.  Then Harry would situate himself on the porch. If the Potion Master was working, he left him be, but during the last week, Severus had caught himself adjusting his brewing hours to not interfere with Harry's visits. It was never smart to let one's master wait. At least that was what he told himself.
Harry usually engaged his studies, homework or some book Severus had never seen before. Right after his birthday, Harry had made a conscient effort to get to know him. The teenager had asked about his youth, parents, schooling, and career that had made him the youngest Potion Master in England since the 18-hundreds. His questions and their time together were marked by little touches, and innocent demonstrations of sympathy, that had had Severus tense at the beginning. However, he had gotten used to them over time. The longer they talked, the more Harry seemed to pick up on topics he wanted to avoid and adapted. In return, the young man shared the crazy adventures he had experienced since coming to Hogwarts. As the head of Slytherin House, Severus realised that this child had never had an authority figure he could trust. The trio had talked to McGonagall about their suspicions about the philosopher's stone. They had spoken to Hagrid. But no adult had been willing to listen. Scared as they had been for Harry's life, they had taken it upon themselves to 'fight evil' on their own. The basilisk had not been understood by anybody but Harry, and when Ginny Weasley had been kidnapped, they had to force the Defence Against The Dark Arts teacher to join them.
What the Potion Master had considered childish arrogance, had been nothing but desperation. Now, he regretted the harsh words and thoughts he had offered over the years. It helped that the young man did not look like a carbon copy of his father any longer. No glasses, haircut and wardrobe, and more confidence - without appearing arrogant - helped Severus separate tormenting memory from the here and now. Still, a part of him advised caution of this 'new' Potter. That it was only sensible to maintain an emotional distance because the young man had far too much power over him already. He had no control in their relationship, and the fact that he had come to enjoy Harry's visits had him on edge.
So, Severus was surprised when the teenager inquired about occlumency lessons. A tiny, sadistic part of him had agreed all too readily and with the command, "Clear your mind," he dove in, hoping to find something, anything he could use to his advantage.
Minutes later, Harry helped him up from where he was shaking on the floor. "Hey, I'm sorry. It's okay; you're safe." The teenager soothed, hugging him. Severus wanted to preserve his dignity, to pull back, but being chased by a gigantic basilisk left an impression that was not easy to shake off. While Voldemort's and Dumbledores' minds were walls for him, Harry's defences were purgatory. Cautiously, he closed his arms around the arms that stabilised him, needing the contact to ground himself. He should be stronger than this. More composed. He was the teacher, after all. But Harry would not let go. Was he still trembling?
"I apologise, Professor. I should have explained better about the type of occlumency I need. Keeping other people out is less of a problem. Tom taught us the basics when we realised that we would need shields to keep out of each other's heads. The basilisk is a kind of intuitive defence mechanism when someone else than Ron or Hemione enter my mind."
"A harsh choice," Severus rasped. Had he shouted, or worse screamed in terror during their connection, afraid of a monster that existed only in the young man's mind? "What about … what about the Dark Lord?" He forced himself to ask.
Rubbing his arm before letting go, the teenager smiled, "Tom's and my connection are a different matter entirely. I can't shield from him, and neither can he hide from me. We came to an … agreement of sorts. But this is not about my outer defences, but inner workings. Tom says you are the best. Reluctantly, I admit," Harry smiled. "I need your help in how to keep his Horcrux contained."
Stepping back the moment he had been released, not at all mourning the loss of comfort, Severus forced himself to breath calmly. He took a few moments to analyse the problem. Lily had served tea, so he busied himself with doctoring the cup, Harry had poured for him. He worked hard on suppressing the rage that ran over him at the thought of Voldemort's soul in Harry's body. "You wish to … get rid of it?" Was that question too audacious? Too insulting for someone who had chosen this fate? Maybe he could still find a way to get Lily's son away from her murderer.
He was taken aback when Harry rose rather abruptly. "If that is still your thought on the matter of Tom's and my association, I better leave." Interpreting his 'first advisor's' face correctly, the teenager chuckled humourlessly. "I'm not the naïve child that came to Hogwarts four years ago, Severus. I am no longer above using others' mistakes to my advantage. You never closed your mind after casting Leglimens. That's practically an engraved invitation for me to enter it. I trust Tom, with my life, even with the lives of my friends. If you can't get behind that, maybe it is better to let you go. After all, what use do I have for a man who doesn't trust my judgement?" He turned on the spot and was gone.
Severus worked hard to keep his breaths even and not let panic drown him at the thought of being cast aside again. If the young man abandoned him, he … he could not protect him. Severus would lose the last connection to Lily and the only person who had ever considered him worthy.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Harry entered the library with hurried steps. Tom was about to scold him about interrupting Ron's lessons, but the teenager demanded, "Shut up!" before crowding the Dark Lord, grabbing his waistcoat. "Shut up. Shut up. Shut up!"
"Take the book, Mr. Weasley. We'll continue tomorrow."
With a brief squeeze of Harry's shoulder, the redhead left.
Pulling the teenager close by the scruff of his neck, Tom whispered, "I know you hate it, but we can't afford divided loyalties."
"He's so … hurt, … and so fucking scared," Harry whimpered, squeezing his eyes shut.
"Your connection is still open?" At the young man's nod, the Dark Lord demanded harshly, "Shut it!"
But Harry shook his head, "No, I did this to him. I have to know what he's going through to be able to … to guide him."
Sighing, offering his hand for the taking, Tom advised, "I will show you how to shield without shutting him out completely." It was as easy as breathing for them to work Harry's mindscape. Harry, Ron and Hermione were still adjusting, patching up holes in their shields, learned to work in tandem. Together they were an unbeatable team, but otherwise, there were still hiccups; mostly strong emotions slipped through. But Tom Riddle and Harry Potter together, it was as if their minds were one. One soul older, more experienced, settled in a way the teenager hoped to achieve one day. The other young, hopeful, eager to learn, with a bigger capacity for kindness and cunning than anybody could fathom. Together, they were unstoppable. When Tom showed Harry how to erect a transparent shield between himself and Severus, the young man could still register his advisor's desperation but was not suffocated by it any longer.
Sliding onto the couch next to Tom, the young wizard kneaded his hands, apologising to the carpet.
"No need, *my Horcrux*, nobody expects you to get everything right the first time. You have done remarkably well with Severus Snape on your own, binding him to you, gaining not only his compliance but his sympathy. I might not have believed how much one could achieve with simple touches and constant proximity, but you have taught me better in such a short time. Soon, you can return to Hogwarts and work from there."
A tiny smile appeared on Harry's face. "So, the situation between you and Barty has improved?"
"That is none of your business, nosy child! Concentrate on the matter at hand," The Dark Lord snapped.
The younger's face fell. "I still feel wrong to put him through this. I understand the need, but I'm not too fond of it. Dumbledore is too good at manipulation to allow even my strongest follower a fraction of doubt, but …"
"But the little kid in you, that craved nothing, but acceptance shies away from manipulating others for his own gain."
When Harry nodded, Tom inquired, "What is Ron and Hermione's opinions on this matter?"
Shrugging, his 'equal' looked out of the window. "Ron's tired of the manipulations. He, his family, basically the majority of the wizarding world are dancing to Dumbledore's tune. He understands your agenda and that to succeed, sometimes the end justifies the means. Hermione … she's too kind. While she has an idea of what magic is capable off, she still can't understand the full scope. Occlumency, Leglimency, she is a natural at mind arts, like with basically everything else. But she can't even imagine the abuse that's possible with mind magic. I think that's why she was okay with the more 'psychological' approach I took with Severus. It would not even come to her to rewrite his mind to suit our needs. But touching him, being around, merely being kind and interested in his work, his thoughts … to her, that's just decent human behaviour. I think she's not even aware of how much a person can become dependant on his only source of comfort."
"An opinion you share?"
"Yes, … No, … I …" sighing, the teenager turned back to his soulmate. "I think sooner or later we'll reach a point where we have to rewrite him when we return to Hogwarts at the latest. If Dumbledore is really that good of a Leglimens as you say, we need to adjust Severus' beliefs to fit our story. Ron, Hermione and I have an advantage because we are three to one. Severus is alone. But I don't want to erase his memories, just …"
"Lock them up so you can return them at a time of your choosing?"
"Yes! Is that possible?"
"It will be a challenge. We need to work together, to fool Dumbledore. And that includes your Potion Master."
Tapping into the man's feelings, noticing relieved that his panic had died down by now, Harry nodded. "He will agree."
"How do you know?"
"Because the 'psychological approach' you've proposed worked. He's ready to give in."
Grinning, Tom reminded, "That was not me."
"Teenage-you, adult-you, same difference."
When their minds were one, Hermione enjoyed flying as much as Harry and Ron did. After an exhilarating afternoon and a lunch Severus had not participated in, Harry entered a small room in the attic. He and Lily had charmed everything in here to his liking, the walls a warm grey, the carpet a soft cream and the stuffy armchair had emerald upholstery. Ron and Hermione had duped it his, 'Slytherin conference room', when Harry had explained, that this was the place where he was most comfortable with his Horcrux. Hermione had cautioned against giving the soul-piece a room. But Harry didn't want to let himself be trapped in his own mind and drawing teenage-Tom out by giving it more energy to manifest was a stupid idea all around. So, he ignited the candles and unveiled the three-part mirror in the centre of the room, before closing his eyes, and started his meditation.
"See who came around to grace me with his presence." A posh voice piped up.
Smiling, the teenager opened his eyes, watching the Horcrux claim the chair that reflected in the mirror. "Did you miss me, Tom?"
Narrowing his eyes at the mockery, the seventeen-year-old hissed, "You can't keep me confined forever."
Shrugging, Harry replied, "Of course, I can. My shields are getting stronger every day. So, if you insist on being a bastard that's just adding another lock to your chamber." That was true, and both knew it. Still, the Horcrux was not willing to give up that easy.
"You have accepted me because you know we are stronger together than you could ever be alone!"
"Of course, but that didn't mean that you could make a merry-go-round of my brain." With an off-handed gesture, the teenager continued, "Anyway, we need to talk about Severus."
"Oh, your pet-Potion Master. Did you finally break him? Pet him into submission, so to speak."
Sharply, Harry contradicted, "I have no intention to 'break him'. He's brilliant and far more experienced than the two of us. We need him!"
Looking away, the other corrected, "You mean you need him. I did rather well on my own."
"Yes, and because you did so well, you're now a soul shard in your enemy's body."
"How dare you?" The seventeen-year-old rushed towards the mirror. "You can't even fathom the greatness I was able to achieve at Hogwarts. How I forged the base of an empire."
"An empire, you ruined with delusions of grandeur!" Harry hissed back. "You … alright, alright, let's stop." With effort, the teenager swallowed his anger. "I did not come here to fight."
"No, you came because you need advice from the Horcrux you imprisoned in your mind. I'm not a toy to be pulled out when you want to play with it and shove it back into the box when you grow bored!"
"No, I didn't," the teenager contradicted softly. " I came to tell you that the plan to 'make Severus want my presence', worked better than expected."
"What?" Dumbfounded the other sank back into the armchair.
Smiling, Harry continued, "I think Severus has finally realised that he can't 'save' me from Tom. That he needs to accept my allegiance to the Dark Lord."
Eyes alight, Tom Riddle wanted to know, "You think he will bend to you?"
"He will have to. If we want to return to Hogwarts, we need to adjust his memories, at least for the first few days, until Dumbledore has lost his suspicions that we are keeping something from him. I doubt we can do that if he won't let us in."
"You can. You marked him after all. But it would hurt if you did it by force." Tom conceded.
"That's not what I want."
"You're too soft, Harry."
"Love gets you farther than fear."
The seventeen-year Tom Riddle sneered, "You are naïve if you think that's true."
"Maybe," Harry agreed, "but a teenager's love for my mother made him risk his life to save mine when he had a chance to escape. And now he will yield against better judgement, just to be able to stay by my side. My way will win us this war with minimum casualties."
"At least you acknowledge that there will be a war."
Sighing, Harry looked out into the stary night, admitting quietly, "With the witches and wizards of Britain and the muggleborns as set in their ways as it is, I'm afraid there never was a chance to avoid it."
"Harry," the other drew back his attention with the calm demand, "I never wanted to eradicate the muggleborns from our world. I hated them because of their ignorance because they would not accept the ways of magic. But even at seventeen, I knew that we would die without their new blood. They just need to …"
"… be taught the right way." Harry agreed. "But after nearly thirty years of allowing the purebloods to cultivate their hatred of them, I'm not sure how much we can do. Nothing short of a revolution, overthrowing the current government would work. That will inevitably lead to bloodshed. Ron agrees, and he knows this society far better than I do."
"Sometimes, you have to cut a wound open and bleed out the infection for the body to heal."
"Yea," the muggle-raised admitted. "But that does not mean that I have to like it."
Harry had not come the next day. Had offending Voldemort inevitably ended in suffering a Crucio, disappointing Harry was worse. At least the torture Curse was over after a few minutes, even if the after-effects could last for a few days. Still, with his potions, Severus had always managed. Harry, however, would not retaliate. He would simply let him go. That meant ending his career in Britain. Start somewhere else because Voldemort would rather kill him than have him around without allegiance. For more than a decade, the Potion Master had dreamed of such a chance. He had lost the Dark Mark, the shackle that had tied him to the mistakes of his past. Yet his new mark, the one he had asked for, would remain.
Forcing himself to analyse his situation, Severus Snape realised that he did not want to leave. He had lain awake last night. Had felt like lead when he had forced himself out of bed this morning. But the conclusion had been inevitable right from the beginning. He wanted … needed Harry because, during the last few weeks, the boy had become the only master, he had ever chosen for himself. Not because of honeyed words dripping with poison. Not because a powerful wizard had demanded allegiance in return for the life of his childhood friend. But someone whose first act had been to protect him. A young man he had been willing to die for. It had been trickery and deception, a setup, right from the beginning. Yet, even if he had known, his reactions would have been the same. He could admit that, at least to himself.
Harry Potter looked at him … treated him as if he were precious, someone to care about, even though Severus had not even proven himself until now. Of course, he had tried to save the idiot boy's life. Yet, he had learned that Harry did not put a lot of stock in his own well-being. Still, he had accepted Severus into his service; had even stood up to the Dark Lord for him. Nobody had ever done that since Lily. Did that alone not make the boy deserving of his loyalty, no matter which side he had chosen? The Dark Lord had been evil incarnated; had condoned torture and bloodshed. Yet, in the end, it did not matter. Harry would never give him the chance to do anything by halves, and rightfully so. He had been named the first advisor, and what kind of advisor would he be if he doubted his master's decisions? Voldemort had been hard to advise. He had listened, but if he had not liked the suggestions, he had made his displeasure known through torture. Harry would never do that, but Severus realised that the teenager made his irritation known in a way that hurt at least as much as the Cruciatus.
Ignored.
Abandoned.
Not good enough.
He wanted this part of his life to be over. Harry had given him the chance to be someone, to be seen and heard; had defended him. For the last few weeks, the young man had given every impression that he considered Severus worthy, a friend even. He had listened to his advice, his teachings. He had not dismissed anything Severus had said, no matter if he had talked about a potion the young man had no hope to understand, or if he had suggested a book for Harry's current topic of interest. The young man had been attentive and treated him with the same kindness and affection he usually reserved for Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Not at all the arrogant, little fool he had thought him to be. Harry Potter might have started as Lily Evan's son, but Severus Snape had come to respect him as his own person. The teenager wanted to change their world for the better and had asked for his help. As a Potion Master, he could only do so much good. But as an advisor for a person of interest, of influence … the right word could make or break someone. Passing up that chance would be foolish, bordering on stupidity. Severus Snape had been many things in the past, but he had never been a fool.
An hour to lunch, he apparated to the manor.
A house-elf with a shimmering brown napkin-toga popped up behind a bush when Severus appeared. "Can Rhodes be helping Master Severus?"
"I am looking for Harry."
"The young Master is in the arena." The little elf gestured towards the side of the house. "Brian and Rhodes … I have cleared away a part of the Orchard and maze to make room for training grounds. Brian even put out sand." The elf seemed proud of his brother and smiled brightly.
Tilting his head in gratitude, the Potion Master rounded the corner and froze. The moment he passed some invisible barrier, he found himself at the edge of a duelling ring, where curses, hexes and jinxes of all colours were flying around. In the middle the trio: Hermione centre, Harry left and Ron at their backs. They seemed to alternate seamlessly between shielding, attacking and regrouped at random intervals. Voldemort and Barty Crouch were circling them, firing without holding back. The air was charged with heavy magic, making it hard to breathe. While the teenagers seemed able to hold their own, sooner or later they would falter, simply because even their combined magical cores, had nothing on the Dark Lord's experience.
As soon as he was spotted, however, Voldemort changed tactics. He left Barty to defend him and started attacking Severus. While the Potion Master was good, he too would not be able to stand up to his former Master indefinitely. When a bone-shattering curse slipped past his shield, he bit down a cry of agony. The next second, a wave of pure magic swept everybody off their feet. Casting a shield with the last of his strength – the pain was draining him rapidly – Severus watched the Dark Lord rise and approached his equal. In a surprisingly warm tone, he complimented the exhausted teenager, "Very good, now we merely need to channel this power correctly, and nobody will be able to stand against the three of you."
Allowing the Dark Lord to help him up, Harry spat out, "You had no right to include Severus. This exercise was supposed to be between the three of us."
Sharply, the older wizard scolded, "This is not about any 'right' I have! He was there, and I used him to distract you. You rose to the challenge, so all is well. Life is not fair, as you are well aware, so get over your childish views."
Stubbornly, the young man crossed his arms and glowered. "Heal him!"
Fighting his way to his feet, assisted by Barty, Severus wanted to protest, but the other wizard hissed, "Shut up you fool!"
"Os Emendo," the Dark Lord threw over his shoulder with a lazy gesture. "There, happy now? Now come on, we don't have time to coddle your advisor. We have business to attend to."
The healing charm was as agonising as the curse, but within a heartbeat, Severus felt as if the last few minutes had not happened. He had expected a half-hearted attempt at healing at best, but Voldemort had put enough power into his spell, to heal even poorly set bones Severus had suffered since childhood. Amazed Severus opened and closed his left hand, not feeling even the slightest discomfort. Since his father had broken the three middle fingers in a drunken fit, there had always been a residual ache. Now … nothing. Things simply had snapped back into place, making him feel better than he had in a very long time.
When Harry waved away his plate at lunch, Tom inquired sharply, "What do you think you are doing?"
"If I'm supposed to return to Hogwarts as some kind of prisoner of war, I need to look emaciated. Not eating for a week seems to be the easiest way to achieve that. I've already eaten for more these last three months than usually during my holidays."
"You idiot boy, you can't …" Severus growled, appalled at the ease with which Harry spoke about starving himself, or more being starved. What was worse was that Ron and Hermione seemed not surprised, though of course, they protested the plan. What happened during the summer months? Worse, how had Harry been treated before he had received his Hogwarts' letter? Such a casual mentioning of starvation spoke of a rather detrimental relationship with food. He interrupted himself when the Dark Lord merely flickered his wand, and a place-setting appeared before Harry. "Eat!"
"But, we agreed that I …"
With a deep breath, as if praying for patience, Voldemort stating, "No matter what, I won't allow any part of our plan ever to impede your mental or physical health. Starvation will never be a benefit, punishment or in any other way a feasible plan."
"But it would be easiest …"
"No!" The Dark Lord roared. His magic made dishes, glasses and even the furniture tremble. Ron and Hermione merely reached for their drinks, but Severus cautiously rose to guide his students out of this potential warzone. Yet before he could even get them to stand, the trembling ceased. He noticed that Harry had taken Voldemort's hand.
"You are not taking the food away from me. You are not punishing me or 'educating' me as they did with you. You are not like them, Tom."
"I won't let you starve," the older wizard insisted.
"But I have to appear …"
"Exactly," Hermione interrupted sensibly. "You have to look the part, Harry. I'm sure between the six of us; we can find a way to spell, charm or even curse an item, so you look gaunt."
Taking back his hand, picking up his cutlery, the Dark Lord tilted his head, "A sensible suggestion, Miss Granger."
With a smile and a consenting nod, Harry copied the action. "Fine, you win. Then all that's left to do is decide on the memories we need to take from Severus, so he can 'rescue' me."
All of a sudden, the Potion Master lost his appetite.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Sundown two days before September 1st, found Severus Snape in the middle of a dark room. Before him, face unreadable loomed Harry Potter. Not the boy he had taught for four years, but the wizard who had claimed him as his first advisor. A man who had fought, then aligned himself with Voldemort; who had become the Dark Lord's equal. Said Dark Lord stood at his back, glancing over his soulmate's shoulder at Severus as if he was vermin, a means to an end and nothing more. Ron Weasley stood right; Hermine Granger left. The four radiated power and he swayed in the eye of their storm.
"Are you ready?" Harry wanted to know. It was a mere formality. Of course, the Potion Master was not ready. Nobody could ever be prepared to have his memories re-arranged like building blocks of a children's castle. But he had no choice.
Gracefully he sank to his knees before his master, opening his arms, his hands, his mind, "I am."

  "Obliviate …"




  
    Severus found himself in a room, lit by but half a dozen candles. Through a half-open doorway, he could see others, masked yet familiar faces. He sank to his knees when a dark figure stepped out of the shadows. "My Lord." Voldemort had returned, what he had feared had come to pass. The Potion Master prayed that this new body had not come at the cost of Harry Potter's. He could not suffer another failure, not when it came to Lily's boy.
  
  
    At a sharp gesture, the door closed. Apparently, the Dark Lord was eager not to be overheard.
  
  
    "Severus," That silky voice had made an appearance in many of his nightmares. "It is so good to see you. From what my followers have told me, you remained faithful, fortifying your position at Hogwarts, preparing young snakes for their place in the new world order."
  
  
    Sealing away all emotions, the Potion Master rose to his feet. Though he kept his eyes downcast, Snape nodded. "I believed to act according to your wishes, my Lord."
  
  
    "Very well." The other man stepped closer. Not even six feet remained between them. "To reward such faithfulness, I will let you, and only you witness my greatest triumph."
  
  
    "Master," the wizard choked, dreading what was about to come.
  
  
    Pulling back the invisibility cloak, Voldemort revealed the gaunt form of Harry Potter, who was cowering at his feet. The boy's hair was matted against his head, and his clothes made him appear even smaller than his fifteen years. His complexion was of a sickly grey. Only thanks to his occlumency, was Snape able to hold his ground. If he acted irrationally now, they would both die. He needed to find a way out for both of them! The portkey he had on himself as a last resort, dug into his sternum.
  
  
    "Do you, …" he forced himself to speak clearly, "Do you wish for me to dispose of this abomination, Master?"
  
  
    Voldemort pulled out his wand. "No, this nuisance, I will get rid of myself."
  
  
    "Avada …"
  
  
    Instinctively Severus pulled his wand. "Sectumsempra!" He reached for the boy.
  
The portkey was violent, had Snape topple over in the middle of the great hall with Harry barely conscious in his arms. The screams of the students surrounded him, and his precious cargo. A headache explode violently; it nearly made him vomit. Weasley and Granger were at his side in a heartbeat, pulling Harry away from him. He suppressed the impulse to fight them. The weak boy allowed his friends to help him to his feet. Severus forced himself to rise as well, as Dumbledore came over, ushering them out. In a stern voice, he ordered, "Miss Granger, Mr. Weasley, a second, please. I just want to have a look at Harry before you can escort him to the infirmary."
Severus noticed that the students reached for their friend's hand, entwining their fingers. They were pale and jittery, obviously afraid that Harry would be taken away again. Yet Dumbledore only tilted up the boy's head and looked into his glassy eyes. He would not use mind-arts on an exhausted child, would he? He had not risked life and limb, destroying any chance of spying for the Order, for the headmaster to harm Harry Potter further. They had gotten out with second to spare. If he hadn't attached the portkey to his robes, neither of them would have made it.
"Go," Dumbledore seemed finished with his inspection. As the teenager's shuffled away, he turned towards his Potion's professor. "I expect a full report. Please join me in my office."
Exhausted, yet compelled to obey, Severus followed. He threw but one, last glance over his shoulder, to make sure that the idiotic children would indeed lead Potter to Madam Pomfrey. He was puzzled by what he witnessed. The boy stood between his two friends, eyes digging into Snape's, offering his hands for a quiet high-five, which the other two responded to with a triumphant grin. Then they left. What was going on?

The Head of Slytherin House felt like he had been through the wringer. Dumbledore had interrogated him for close half the night and nearly all of the next day, with but a one-hour break after lunch. Again, and again he had Snape tell him about all the places he had looked for Potter and where he had finally found him. How he had discovered Voldemort's return and why he had not sent word to the Order. Of course, the headmaster had agreed that rescuing Harry had been the priority. But if he had known about the Dark Lord's return, he could have initiated steps to protect the wizarding world from this madman.
Snape felt like he was on a merry-go-round and not the fun kind.
When he returned to his rooms in the evening, he was beyond exhausted. He felt not up to take dinner in the Great Hall, especially since he had a mere day to prepare for classes come Monday. Usually, he would have been at Hogwarts for the last two weeks, sorting the potion ingredients into the students' cupboards, putting the final touches to his curriculum. Now he only had Sunday - tomorrow - to get ready. Though he felt like he could sleep for a year, he was determined that with a Pepper-Up and dinner he could re-work last year's class schedule to fit his needs.
His wand snapped into his hand, the moment he entered his quarters. Someone was here! "Show yourself!" He demanded harshly, slowly turning on his axis.
He should have been surprised by the boy's audacity, but in truth, he felt somewhat … elated(?) when Harry Potter took off his invisibility cloak. Before he could start shouting, the teenager raised his hands. "If I can tell you something, nobody knows, not even yourself, will you answer one question and follow one request?"
Mistrustful, both of the request and his unexpected feelings, Snape demanded to know, "Why would I do that, Potter?" The boy was reasonable, but a tiny part at the back of his mind told him that a Potter could not be trusted. Harry, maybe, but a Potter? Where had that thought come from?
"Because I'm asking. Please, Sir." Why was the boy looking so damn earnest? Why did it feel right to give in to the demand? Why would Snape even trust anything James Potter's son said? He nearly stepped back, when the young man came closer, imploring, "Please, Professor, I promise everything will make sense in a minute. You just have to agree. I trade information against one request. I will leave immediately after if you want me to. I swear!"
Glaring, the Potion Master challenged, "What could you ever tell me, that would make it worth my while?"
Meeting his eyes, Potter disclosed, "You don't have a Dark Mark any longer."
"Get out!" The former Death Eater hissed viciously.
The teenager nodded towards his wrist. "Take a look."
That was not … it couldn't be … the mark had shackled him to the mistakes of his youth for nearly two decades … he would know if …
Dumbfounded Severus Snape stared at his blank forearm. To make sure, he pulled back the sleeve from his right wrist as well. Then he cast, "Finite Incantatem." Still blank. He did not look up, yet his breathing became laboured. "What's your question, Potter?"
When had the boy come closer? How did he dare to enter his personal space? Snape did not like people touching him, so he pulled back before the other could touch his shoulder, "Do you think that the headmaster will look into your mind again, about my rescue? "
Chuckling humourlessly, the spy snapped, "I believe the headmaster had his fill of rummaging through my brain. He used the majority of the day to do so."
The boy seemed relieved. Why was the child relieved? This was none of his concern.
"Now the request," Potter insisted.
Barely able to tear his eyes away from his bare skin, the Potion Master nodded.
"Step in front of a mirror and look at your chest."
"How dare you …"
"Professor," the pleading tone was back. No glee or cruel sneering that preceded Snape's humiliation, like he had seen on Potter Senior's face so many times. Just this earnest look. "You can go to your bathroom. I'll stay here. I'll even turn around."
Angrily, the older wizard stalked towards his bathroom and practically ripped open his robe and dress-shirt. He gaped, brushing over the lightning bolt marking over his heart. Pulling out his wand, he stormed back into his living-room. Yet before he could even start shouting, the 'Chosen One', showing both hands, his wand on Severus' dresser.
"Think, professor. Consider everything you know about yourself. Can you believe, for a heartbeat, that I could mark you without your consent?" When Snape did not shoot him down immediately, he continued, "There was more to your summer than rescuing me. You allowed me to change your memories. But they are not erased, just buried. You understand the theory better than I do. But I promise everything will make sense in a moment if you allow me to cast just one spell."
Trembling from anger at the mere thought of someone toying with his mind, Snape hissed, "You are not skilled enough for a manipulation of that magnitude."
The boy smiled ever so slightly. "You are right; I had help. But we made damn sure that I could undo it on my own. I just need one spell. With your permission, of course."
"What spell?" Slowly lowering his wand, the Potion Master pondered his options. He knew that Potter was not lying, but there was more to this than the child admitted.
"Finite Incantatem."
Gesturing towards the wand, the older wizard ordered, "Just that. Nothing else."
Picking up the tool, the teenager agreed. "Just that. I swear on my mother's grave."
Severus Snape had barely time to process that vow when Harry Potter raised his wand and hissed, *End this spell.*
He cried out in agony when a month worth of memories came flooding back.

"Harry?"
"It's alright, Severus. I'm here."
What had he done? All the unkind thoughts. All the harsh words. His master had to be furious. He clutched the offered hand. When he felt a second hand on the back on his neck, he pondered sinking to his knees. Voldemort's ire could be tempered with such gestures … sporadically. But then, Severus could barely move, sitting on his sofa with Harry on his coffee table, bracketed by his legs. The touch on his neck was not restricting, more grounding, and he was grateful for it. It felt right.
He started to tremble again when his mind began to process his returned memories. He breathed unbelievingly, "You protected me from Voldemort's anger. He was ready to kill me. You put yourself in harm's way for me. You … by Merlin, you cut your wrist!" Frantically, the older wizard turned over the hand he had been clutching, inspecting the unmarked skin at the wrist. He did not pull up Harry's sleeve, recalling perfectly what he would find there. Nothing he felt ready to go into right now.
"Of course, I stepped up to Tom. You're mine. I protect my own."
"The cottage!" The Potion Master breathed, looking up in awe. "You gave me a house."
The boy … young man, offered a smile so bright it lit up even his dreary dungeon quarters. "A home, I hope."
"A home." Severus closed his eyes, bowing his head. Nobody had ever gone to such lengths for him. Nobody had cared this last decade. But Harry … they had spent time together. Severus was safe with him. Even now, it did not feel wrong to take comfort from the other's touch. Oh, how the mighty had fallen. For years he had convinced himself that he needed nobody but himself, trapped in a tug-o-war between Dumbledore and Voldemort. But now …
"Do you want me to stay tonight? I could take the sofa."
Pulling back, the Potion Master shook his head. "No, I don't need a babysitter. I'm well versed in the art of Occlumency. I can process my memories on my own. Also, I need to revise next year's schedule. And I should greet the new Slytherins now. I think that's overdue already."
He pointedly ignored the mischievous eyes that followed him, as he made his way out of the door. He could regain his composure. Best to wane himself of the young man's presence as soon as possible. For weeks they had spent hours together every day, talking, sometimes not even that, merely existing side by side. He had not felt alone, something he had come to enjoy, no matter how reluctant. But needs a must. His new master was a Gryffindor, a student and he was the 'dungeon bat'. If they wanted to fool Dumbledore and the rest of the wizarding world, they could take no chances.

When he returned, he found Harry Potter sitting at his couch table, setting down a bowl of steaming vegetables, beside a plate of chicken breasts and steamed potatoes. Pudding stood at the end, not the chocolaty, overly sweet kind Severus despised, but a fruity tart one could enjoy with but a dash of whipped cream.
"What are you doing here?" He had told the young man that he could go. Had been prepared to spend his evening in solitude.
Grinning, Harry shared, "You forget something. The moment I touch your skin, I'm in your head. You can't shield against me."
"I told you that I don't need you to stay with me tonight. I'm not a child!" The Potion Master insisted, desperate to preserve the last of his dignity. He could not cling to a mere student. No matter how fundamentally they were connected.
"Correct," the student admitted. "But I did not ask if you 'needed' me, but if you wanted me here."
With a sigh of defeat, the professor gave in, choosing a place facing Harry. "Why are you not joining dinner in the Great Hall? Won't that raise suspicion?" They could not afford that.
"Poppy gave me a once over. She decided that, despite being slightly malnourished, I suffer nothing, that a few meals and more rest can't cure. Ron and Hermione accompanied me to Gryffindor tower, where I'm currently laying in bed, or at least an image of me is. As long as I'm back before dawn, everything will be fine. And even if I sleep in, Ron will cover for me."
"And your little friends have no problems knowing you spend the night in the dungeons?"
Smiling softly, Harry looked up, "They know I'm spending the night with you. They trust my judgement like they've trusted me all summer. If I remember correctly, you were the only one doubting me."
Busying himself with crisp vegetables and a tender chicken breast, Snape did not look up. Yes, he had doubted Harry's, or more Lord Voldemort's intentions. But there was nothing to be done. He had aligned himself with the 'Boy who Lived' and had to see this decision through. Until now, everything had worked out in his favour. Maybe, for the first time in his life, luck would be on his side. "When is the Dark Lord expecting your report?"
Swallowing a massive bite of potatoes, the young man brushed away that question. "As soon as I sleep. We agreed to get in contact every other night, so we're both up to date. He'll schedule meetings during the week that aren't important. When I'm supposed to attend, they will be Friday or on the weekends. I expect you to give me detention if I need to get away."
"A sensible solution."
For a few minutes, they both enjoyed their dinner. Then Severus dared to ask, "Are you feeling comfortable with Lord Voldemort walking in and out of your mind at will?" He hoped that did not sound too doubting, but someone having permanent access to his brains … the thought alone made him shudder.
Fortunately, the teenager did not seem bothered. "Our occlumency lessons enabled me to seal the Horcrux away. They helped with shutting Tom out as well. I'm not an expert, and he doesn't like me keeping to myself, but he knows that I won't allow unmitigated intrusion at all times."
"Not a fun conversation, I expect."
Chuckling, Harry shrugged, "We were more or less shouting at each other for four days. But if we want to work together, Tom has to learn that I'm not his tool."
Cautiously, the spy pondered, "Still, you trust him."
"With my life."
No doubt. No hesitation. It would have to be enough.
"I'll have to …," Severus interrupted himself. "I already finished my lesson plans for the year."
"Oh, yes," licking his fingers until the Potion Master threw a napkin at his head, Harry reached for his bookbag. Pulling out a slim, manila folder, he sat it on Severus desk and tapped it with his wand. It grew about three inches. "Hermione told me to keep this, that you would want to go over it tonight, before sending it in tomorrow. After breakfast, she, Ron and I will stand at attention in the Potion's classroom. If we work together, we will have all ingredients ready for the first class on Monday before teatime."
Right, he had prepared as much as possible in advance. Crates with ingredients were to be delivered at his command. They had worried about the preparations contradicting their story, but classes had to start, and getting everything ready at the last minute, was stressful enough. They had all agreed that the headmaster would not allow Severus any leniency. So why risk a confrontation when they could have everything set up in time. It would be a long day. There was only one problem, "Do you think that you and Ron will be any help? In the past, you have not exactly been shining examples of potion students." Was that taking it a step too far? Yet the good-natured ribbing felt natural. He was comforted when Harry laughed out loud.
"That's why we will keep Hermione in our heads at all time. It will be good exercise anyway. So, win-win. Wouldn't you say?"
He would, but never admit it.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Can I kill the toad?"
"That would be bad manners, Harry," Hermione scolded absent-minded dabbing dittany over his wounded hand.
"Tom will go ballistic when you tell him." Ron was pacing the Room of Requirement that had manifested as a common room of sorts, as soon as they had entered after Harry's detention. "And before you tell me that you can get through this on your own, think! We all know that your Dark Lord has a possessive streak a mile wide when it comes to you, and he certainly has spies in place that will tell him what's going on."
"Why would he spy on me?" Harry asked, confused.
Shaking his head, his friend chuckled, "Not on you, but on things in general. And he knows you nearly as good as we do. No way would he think you would not mouth off to Umbridge as soon as he learns about her."
"I did not 'mouth off'. I merely asked a question regarding the chapter we were reading."
"You made her look stupid in front of the entire class."
Harry grinned at Hermione's remark. That had been kind of the point. But while the others had been amused, some even rising to the occasion, Umbridge had singled him out and given him detention. He was not looking forward to justifying his behaviour before Severus or Tom.
Harry did not even have time to compose a letter. The dream started as soon as he closed his eyes that night.

Salazar Slytherin's library was part of the Chamber of Secrets. Tom remembered it quite well, so they had chosen those surroundings for their nightly conferences.
"And what exactly have you expected to gain from mouthing off to that ministry lackey?" The Dark Lord inquired, forcefully calming himself as he inspected the markings on Harry's hand.
He could have vanished or 'concealed' them. This was all 'make-belief' after all. But if Harry expected honesty and trust, he had to give it. So, he displayed his wound, no matter how unimportant he considered it.
Amused, Teenage-Tom replied in his stead. "He wanted to undermine Umbridge by proving her incompetence."
"The ministry sent her," Tom forced out behind clenched teeth. "Competence was never a criterion. She's Fudge's lap-dog, promoting his agenda and report back to him when anything happens."
Pacing the room, furiously, Harry demanded to know, "How am I to pass my OWLs when I have no competent teacher?"
Grinning, young-Tom challenged, "When have you ever had a competent teacher for Defence against the Dark Arts?"
"Lupin!"
With a tilt of his head, the other assented.
"You will simply have to teach yourself. There is the Hogwarts library. This library and I am sure your Potion Master will help you if you ask."
"And what about the others?"
"Find a way!"

"You want what, Hermione?"
"For us to teach the other students Defence Against the Dark Arts."
"Are you crazy?"
"Debatable," Ron piped up, evading the book Hermione tried to slap him with. "But think about it, Harry. Your name carries weight. We can teach them more than just defence. A study group could be our way in to reach larger groups of students."
Throwing up his hands, Harry wanted to know, "Who would let himself be instructed by a fifteen-year-old?"
With a shake of her head, Hermione reminded him, "If the fifteen-year-old is 'Harry Potter', I think just about everybody."
"I hate you."

"I understand that you have started a little 'club'?" Severus did not look up from his markings. The school was in full swing, and he could not afford to slack in his duties, either to his students or his new master. Though Harry was far more lenient than Voldemort had ever been, he wanted to be available when the teenager needed him. That meant staying up to date with his other responsibilities.
"Not you too," The teenager rolled his eyes, groaning over another foot on his essay about the spell effects of Protego versus Bombarda. A complete waste of time, in his opinion, as they had been taught neither spell in class.
Pressing his lips together, the professor did not elaborate.
After a few minutes, Harry put down his quill and challenged. "Alright, let's have it. I take it you disapprove?"
Debating with himself, if he should share his honest opinion, Severus startled, when he felt a nudge on his chin. He had not even heard the young man approaching his desk. That kind of neglect would have cost him his hide with Voldemort. But Harry was different. With the young man, he was letting his guard down. Harry felt … safe.
"If you are concerned, Severus, tell me."
Three nights a week, and still, the older man craved their little 'get-togethers'. He had been conditioned to appreciate his master's touch. He wondered if he should hate himself for it. Looking into concerned, green eyes, he dared to ask, "Are you teaching or recruiting?"
With a smile that reminded him uncomfortably of the Dark Lord, Harry caressed his cheek and whispered, "Why 'or'?"

'He's distracted.'
'I noticed, but I don't know why.'
'Could it be one of his Slytherins?'
The trio watched the Potion Master explain the dangers of Calming Draughts. How the user could become addicted it was brewed wrong, and why they - especially the fifth and seventh years - should not self-medicate. Since it was OWL year, Severus had little hope that his words were heeded, but the potion was part of his curriculum. The 'golden' trio observed while going through their preparations. No matter if they were paired with each other or with other students, the boys usually let Hermione take the lead, so their potions came out perfect every time. That gave Ron and Harry time to watch the other students and - more importantly - their professor.
'Have you asked him?' Hermione wanted to know.
'He said he is fine and since he can't lie to me …'
Cutting up the roots precisely, Ron pondered, 'If he doesn't lie and is still concerned, it must be someone else. Since you're unharmed, it has to be someone he cares about.'
'And since he cares only about his Slytherins, it has to be one of them.'
The trio finished the current step, and while Harry counted the clockwise stirs, Ron and Hermione looked around.
'Draco looks quite sour, and Blaise hasn't slept in a week, from the looks of it.' Hermione noticed. 'Crabbe and Goyle look confused, but that's pretty standard.'
'Pansy is talking Draco's ear off,' Ron snickered. 'I would look unwell too if that girl would not shut up.'
'Blaise looked radiant after the weekend.' Harry recalled. 'I was wondering if he had started any make-up charms. His skin was positively glowing.'
Finishing the last stirs, Harry tapped the cauldron with his wand. "All set."
'Let's keep an eye on him.' Ron decided.
However, the target of Severus' concern became apparent when the dark-skinned Slytherin swayed over his cauldron, and the Potion Master had to cast a shielding charm, before sending the boy to the dorms. When he passed them by, Harry used the chance to brush his hand over the Potion Master's. The man flinched nearly imperceptibly before growling, "Stay behind, Mr. Potter!"
Half an hour later, Ron and Hermione briefly touched Harry's shoulder before leaving the classroom. The moment the door had closed behind them, Snape was upon Harry, hissing mad. "How dare you accost me in my classroom? You had no right to invade my privacy!"
Not even rising from his seat, the young man stated, "I think you forget who you are talking to."
Rearing back, the Potion Master paled. Had he really forgotten? In this room, his mindset was that of a teacher, not of a servant. Voldemort would have strung him up for less. The audacity to start on one's master … The professor stabilised himself on his desk, nails scratching over the surface, his back to the young man. Deep breathes. He could do this.
"Come here, Severus."
The tone was soft but no less authoritative for it. The professor approached his master; eyes on the floor. "I apologise." He forced himself not to retreat when Harry reached out and covered his mark with a firm hand. "The day I gave you this, what did I tell you?"
"That I was yours. That you protect what's yours."
Nudging up the Potion Master's chin, the young man wanted to know, "Don't you think that means that I care? If you are worried, I want to ease you. That's not limited to Tom's little games or Dumbledore's interference. If you have concerns, you will share them."
Severus was struggling for solid ground. Nothing was how it used to be, where his masters had ordered him, but had left him to fend for himself in his every-day life. Harry interfered. "I … this concerns one of my Slytherins. You would not be able to help."
"First, let me be the judge of that. And second, sometimes it helps just to talk. Don't you think you should try, before deciding it's useless?"
Harry sounded so much like his mother. He was still touching Severus. Closing his eyes for a heartbeat, savouring the contact, the Potion Master allowed himself the tiniest smile. "Detention, Mr. Potter. Tonight at seven."
Harry slipped off his seat with a smile. "As you wish, professor. Have a good afternoon."

"I need to know everything about incubi."
Tilting their heads for a moment, adult- and teenage-Tom gestured towards a tall black tome in the Slytherin library. "What do you want to know?"
Reaching for the book, hissing at the blurry words, Harry put it on the table. Apparently, neither Tom could recall it with perfect clarity. "I need to know if there is a way for an incubus to live in monogamy."
Shaking his head, the teenager put the volume back where it belonged, "Incubi are notorious promiscuous creatures. Their need for sexual energy pretty much negates any chance for monogamy."
Rubbing Harry's arms, because his Horcrux seemed rather tense, Tom wanted to know, "Has one of this sex-demons caught your or Severus' eye? Have you discovered that you are the jealous type?"
Sinking against his soulmate, Harry shook his head, drinking up the comfort of not knowing all the answers. "No, just, this particular incubus is the son of the 'Black Widow', and he hates what his mother does to her lovers, how she uses and kills them, even his father. He goes so far as to starve himself, and Severus is worried that he will either harm himself or kill a student when the hunger overwhelms him."
"An incubus would make a nice pet. They are pretty convincing. We could use that." Teenage-Tom pondered.
"I'm not going to keep Zabini as a pet!" Harry hissed.
"Why not?" The Dark Lord wanted to know. "If we can find a way for you to give him what he needs. Why should you not get anything in return? He could campion your ideas in Slytherin House. No force, just quid-pro-quo."
Harry mumbled something indistinguishable.
Teenage-Tom chuckled, as he lectured, "Quid pro quo means >this for that<. The phrase is used to signify an exchange of goods, services - or in our case - favours. Originally, Potion Masters used it when they had to substitute one potion or ingredient for another of similar effect. That was common practice when their patients were allergic or a certain ingredient was not available. Over time, the meaning of the phrase was expanded to include all types of exchanges. That brings us to the here and now."
"Tit for tat."
"Exactly."
"I still don't know if I feel comfortable with this."
Grinning, young Tom suggested, "Why don't you look up spells that concentrate energy and let your pet-to-be decide if they are worth the effort?"
"What spells?" Harry felt a little lost in translation at the moment and retreated to one of the armchairs.
The Dark Lord shared. "The green volume over there is written in parseltongue, so you will have to concentrate if you want to give it to your bibliophile witch. It might be easier for you to read it yourself. It explains energy conversion and concentration for rituals and such. An incubus survives on sexual energy. That's just another flavour of life-force. If you can adopt one of the spells, you might be able to feed your little incubus, without actually fucking him. You're at a boarding school after all. I'm sure there is energy to spare."
Why Harry might not want that, remained unaddressed. But Tom was right nevertheless, and they all knew it. Grumbling, Harry reminded them, "He's not my incubus."
Grinning sharply, the two Toms traded a look, before replying in one voice, "Not yet."

A few days before Halloween, Harry was strolling down the corridors, catching up to Severus who departed from the headmaster's office. The man seemed deep in thought, but not overly angry, as had become a custom after spending any time with Dumbledore. Following the Potion Master, who appeared to have no destination in mind, merely wandering the castle, Harry spoke up after a few minutes, "Do you want to talk about it?"
Whipping around, wand at the ready, Snape snarled, "Potter, what the hell are you doing out of bed?"
Grinning, the young man pulled off his invisibility cloak. "Same as you, I would say. Thinking."
Gathering himself, the older wizard put away his wand and tilted his head. "I apologise."
"You're forgiven."
They wandered side by side for a while. At the top of the Astronomy Tower, Severus leaned against the railing. "I was never one for heights, contrary to you," he glared at the student who pulled neck-breaking stunts with his broomstick regularly, "but I always enjoyed this place. Especially at night. It's … peaceful."
'And a long way down,' Harry thought, wondering if he should be worried. "What has you so concerned tonight that you are looking for peace?"
Rubbing the bridge of his nose, as if facing a challenge, the Potion Master finally admitted, "Your godfather."
"Sirius?" They had not talked, these last few weeks. Of course, the man had inquired about Harry's health immediately after they had returned to Hogwarts. They even exchanged the occasional letter, but Harry was not desperate for a father figure any more. Someone to 'save' him from the Dursleys. He had Tom, and that was enough. Sirius had sunken on his list of priorities. "He's … he's seeing a ministry appointed mind-healer and … still living at Grimmauld Place?" He tried to scrape together what information he could recall.
"Yes, but I don't think …," the older wizard sighed again. "I can't believe I am telling you this. I can't even believe that I noticed, but I think Black is depressed."
"Why do you care?" Harry asked, surprised. The Marauders had been downright bastards to Severus. The teenager would have thought that the man to be … well, maybe not happy, but at least content to let a former enemy wallow in his misery.
"I don't!" The man snapped. Then he exhaled and occluded, sorting through his emotions before locking them away. When he was calmer, Severus explained, only a little snappish. "I could not care less about Sirius Black. But you do. He is your godfather after all, and with your bleeding heart, you would feel bad if you discovered that he was unhappy if you could do something about it."
Leaning against the railing, looking out into the cloudy night, Harry thought it over. "I think … you could be right. If something happened to Sirius, I would feel bad. But not as much as I would have last year."
"You don't care for him any longer?" A confusing thought. The man was one of Harry's few ties to his parents!
The young man found this hard to explain. Still, Severus was his advisor, someone he trusted implicitly. If Harry could not be honest with him, … But why did the idea of Sirius' suffering not make him instantly uncomfortable? Why was he not making plans to run off immediately to see if he could help? After a while, the teenager pondered. "I think I lean towards Tom's mindset in this. I care less about a person who has proven that he cared little about me in the past, even handed me over to a 'gamekeeper' instead of taking care of me after my parent's murder."
"Sirius Black was your parents' best friend. He would have hung the moon and the stars for you, the moment he held you for the first time!"
"How would you know?"
Aware that he had talked himself into a corner, Severus admitted reluctantly, "Minerva attended your christening. Something Lily insisted on. Black was … besotted with you! He did not put you down once during either the ceremony or the feast!"
Angrily, Harry stabbed a finger into his chest, "Then why did he not take care of me after mum and dad died? Why did he leave me to Hagrid of all people? Why did he go after Peter? Why was revenge more important to him than me?"
Slowly, Severus pulled the teenager against his chest. The young man started to tremble, angry and sad at the same time. After a few moments, he whispered, "No, it's alright. Severus is here."
"Miss Granger and Mr. Weasley?"
Harry nodded. After a while, the Potion Master admitted, "It's alright to hate someone … to hate someone and love them at the same time. People are just … people. With all their petty feelings and weaknesses. It does not make you a bad person for wanting him to prioritise you, nor for wanting to protect yourself from being hurt again by a rekindled relationship."
The shaking had ceased, but Harry still stayed in the boundary of his arms. After a while, he breathed, "You're talking about Lily."
Severus gave a shuddering breath before nodding. "I loved your mother, always have, always will, no matter what happened. But after apologising over and over for my slip of tongue and being cast out, I hated her."
"Like me being angry at Ron when he says something hurtful, but not loving him any less for it."
"Exactly. And I am not telling you that you must care for Black's well-being. The man's a damn adult. Just … I think he has little hope and does not know what to do with his life. Dumbledore and his Order invade Grimmauld Place every other week. The Weasleys waltz in and out, as they please. Molly acts as if the townhouse is their home instead of his. I think Black is missing … perspective."
"And I could give him some?"
"I think …" Severus pondered, only now forming a plan. "I think he could be an asset. The Black family has always leaned towards the Dark Arts. Sirius is no exception, no matter how little he likes it. He became a Gryffindor to distance himself from his ancestry, but that does not change his breeding."
"He could become a spy. Dumbledore would never suspect him."
"He once would have died for you. Maybe it is time for you to find out where his loyalties lie these days."
Finally pulling back, Severus tried very hard not to mourn the loss, Harry scrubbed his face and then smiled up at him. "Thank you for your advice."
Tilting his head, it never got old for the former Death Eater to be appreciated instead of punished. "Then let me advise you to return to your dormitory. It is far past curfew."
"And we would not want to force you to dock points from Gryffindor." The student grinned cheekily and hurried down the staircase.
Turning back towards the balcony, Severus looked up into the starless night. How much his life changed that he cared about Black's well-being all of a sudden. But then … he didn't, not really. He just cared about Harry.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I'm afraid I can't allow you to leave Hogwarts, dear boy. Especially not after what happened last summer."Kneading his hands, nervously, Harry looked up at the headmaster from under his lashes. "Please, Sir," he whispered. "It would just be Grimmauld Place. It's … after everything … I just … I can't be around to celebrate and make merry. I know that Halloween is a holiday, and people have every right to have fun, but … seeing their smiling faces, hearing their laughter, it's like … like slapping my parents in the face. They died on this very day, fifteen years ago, and I am supposed to be celebrating? After what happened at the graveyard … please, I just can't …!"Sighing deeply, Dumbledore took in the picture of misery. "Alright, Harry. While I understand where you are coming from, I still have to insist that you don't go alone. A member of the faculty will have to accompany you. And the situation being as it is, it will have to be either Minerva or Severus. I'm sure you understand.""But Snape," Harry growled, then swallowed down his anger. "Of course, Sir. I understand.""Now go, dear boy. I will talk to them and get back to you tomorrow the latest.""Thank you, Sir."When he entered the library, fifteen minutes later, Ron offered a high-five and even Hermione looked rather pleased.
During Breakfast on the 31st, Snape towered over Harry from behind. "Mr. Potter, the headmaster just informed me that I will spend my day babysitting you and your insipid godfather. You will stand by the front gate within the hour; I will not waste my time waiting for you.""Yes, Sir." Harry nodded, swallowing visibly. Neville reached out to put a comforting hand on his arm. "It will be alright, Harry. Sirius will appreciate you visiting him on … today." His fellow Gryffindor merely nodded.Fifty minutes later, Harry watched Severus stalk towards him, his robes swishing behind him. He wondered if it was a charm or merely the cut of the fabric. The ones Tom had chosen for him last summer certainly didn't do that. "How did you get Dumbledore to send you instead of Professor McGonagall?""Minerva is an extremely busy woman, and for once the headmaster's habit of treating my like an errand boy pays off."Following the Potion Master to the edge of the wards, the student reminded him, "You know that you can spend the day as you please, once we've reached Grimmauld Place.""You do not wish for my company during your conversation with Black?""Honestly, I don't think Sirius would be open to suggestions as long as you are around. So, you can take the day off. How long do we have?"Pleased with the prospect, Severus tilted his head, "The headmaster has made it clear that he expects us back at school after dinner.""How generous." Harry sneered. "But then, food or my safety were rarely a concern for him."The former Death Eater flinched. Harry's abominable childhood was partially his fault. Yet before he could sink into his accustomed pool of self-loathing, the young man reached out. "Voldemort killed them, and the Dursleys are bastards, for mistreating their nephew. Stop feeling responsible for something that's not your fault.""Had I not told him …""Then he would have found another reason," his master interrupted. "Fate always gets its way. We are freeing us from Dumbledores manipulations. Don't let him win by believing that you are good for nothing but spying or errands. You are brilliant, Severus. You have a sharp mind. You are strong and skilled. We can't change the past, but we can work for a better future. For now, we are playing his game. But Tom and I are working on upending his board. I need you for that.""I will be by your side for as long as you wish, master." The Potion Master promised. Tilting his head, Harry apparated to Grimmauld Place, Severus on his heels.Talking to Sirius was like pulling teeth. Clearly, the mind-healer was doing a poor job. Maybe Harry should find another? Even at first glance, the teenager had been able to see why his advisor had been concerned. Sirius was still far too thin, seemed to have trouble sleeping and his personal hygiene left a lot to be desired. His old clothes hung on his frame like on a scarecrow. When asked about his days, the man merely shrugged. Being here, in this house where his dead mother was screaming from the walls, and Dumbledore could control every aspect of his life did him no favours. So, they had to get him out. Regrettably, Sirius did not seem open to suggestions. After four hours of useless discussions, Harry simply left the room. Immediately, the man came after him. His godson appeared to be the only thing he had even a slight interest in.Bouncing down into the lab, Harry knocked, knowing too well that interrupting a Potion Master while brewing could end in disaster. He counted till seventy-five, Sirius was already fidgeting, before the door opened. "We're going out. We'll be back for dinner."Looking up, Severus wanted to know, "Do you wish me to prepare something. I doubt that Kreacher's cooking will be to your liking.""Oh, honey, you don't have to," Harry grinned and blinked his eyes until Severus shoved him out."See if I ever offer to cook for you again, brat."The young wizard merely squeezed the Potion Masters wrist, before bouncing back up the stairs.Confused, Sirius followed. He snatched up the robe; Harry threw his way. "Put this on; we're going out.""Dumbledore told me that it would be preferable for me to stay indoors. I might have been pardoned, but the general public still considers me a danger. I was in prison, after all."The teenager worked very hard on not knocking his head against the wall. "Your choice. Do you want to join me, or not?" He needed the big guns, and Harry had lost all scruple around hour three.Sighing tiredly, Sirius put on the winter-robe and the scarf, a green and black monstrosity that seemed to be at least twenty years old. ‘RAB', was stitched into the corner. Harry didn't mention it. "Where are we going?" The teenager, however, was beyond wasting his breath. He merely reached for the other's wrist and whisked them away."You can apparate?" Sirius asked in awe, as soon as he found his centre after landing. He grinned, and a part of the Marauder's charm seeped through the cracks. At least until he realised where they were, immediately, he stepped back. "No … I … I can't be here … I …"But Harry merely grabbed the scruff of his neck and pulled him along. "Oh, no, this is long overdue!" Had Sirius done the bare minimum, namely eating properly, and keeping at least a basic workout regime, the teenager would have never, ever had a chance to drag him along. As it were, the older wizard could offer little resistance, when his godson pulled him into the graveyard. He spotted Nagini under some bushes and looked around. There was a figure, but it stood unmoving, watching, waiting. Strange enough, that gave Harry the strength, to do what was needed. Dragging his godfather to the gravestone of his parents, he pushed the man towards it. Choking, the other wailed, sinking to his knees before the headstone, "This is all my fault!""No!" Harry insisted, "Also, whose fault this was, is completely beside the point. Tell me, Sirius, when you were eleven and came into a Gryffindor dormitory, a descendant from a dark family in the lion's den, what did my dad tell you?"Sniffing, the man recalled, "He told me that with my complexion, red and gold was doing a lot more for me than green and silver. Then he asked me if I knew any good hexes, being a Black and all.""And when mum properly met you for the first time?"Chuckling wetly, his godfather shared, "I had just tried to demonstrate a tripping jinx, when her shield bounced it back at me, making me face-plant in the middle of the common room. She merely looked down at me, and said, ‘For someone who has been using magic all his life, you are slow, Black'. Of course, I considered this a challenge.""Did you ever get her?""Not once," Sirius smiled. "Your mother was amazing with charms and shields. I know people have already told you so. But I have never met a faster caster than her. Her knowledge of what her opponent was about to do was instinctive. She always had the right counter at hand. Professor Flitwick tried to get her into duelling, but she always said that she had no interest in fighting." He tapered off. "Maybe … maybe if we had been more insistent, maybe she could have done more than just … just dying.""Was she not happy with her life before … everything?"The man shook his head. "Your mum worked in research. She worked full time at Potter Manor until she had you. She had the most amazing laboratory there. More often than not, the charms she developed would sell well. Lily even got paid now and then to charm certain objects. She planned on getting a mastery. She got pregnant with you and still planned on finishing in spring 81'. Her Charm's Master was amazing and adapted to her schedule, though that's nearly unheard of. Every company in the United Kingdom offered her a position; even a few in Europe. But Lily knew that your dad was attached to his family. So she declined and worked from home. She wanted to charm household appliances and luggage so they could work in the muggle world, without interfering with the elektrizicity.""Electricity.""Yes, that.""You enjoyed being around?""Of course," Sirius smiled. For the first time, Harry got a glimpse of who the man could be if he ever let go of the despair Azkaban had instilled in him. "Once we came together, after … mum threw me out and … James … I loved her. Not like James, just … I loved her so much, and now …" Silent tears filled his eyes. Harry, however, was not through with his interrogation."Do you think she loved you too?""Yes," the wizard whispered, brushing the headstone with his fingertips. "She always made sure to have my favourite cereal in stock. To this day, not even Kreacher knows what I like. She prepared a room at the manor, just for me, hung my favourite posters and all. Once you were born, she even put a crib in there, because she knew that I enjoyed having you close when I was around. She gave me my first bag with an undetectable extendable charm. It failed after a few months, but that way, I could take everything I cared about with me; the day my mother … when I left.""What about dad?""James was … he was my brother, not in blood but in every way that counted."Smiling like a rattle-snake, Harry went for the kill, "And you like this, right here, right now, is what they would have wanted? For you to live in a place, you hate. To spend your days looking at faded wallpapers, steering in self-loathing. To talk to a mind-healer who clearly does a poor job. After everything you have just told me, I sincerely doubt that James Potter and Lily Evans would ever have wanted that kind of life for you."Curling into himself, Sirius admitted, "No." Then he started to cry. Contrary to Harry's expectations, he did not heave in huge, ugly sobs, but had quiet tears streaming down his eyes, much like the young man himself, when he had despaired at Privet Drive.The teenager pulled back because he did not know how to deal with this kind of grief. Harry wanted his godfather to be better, to become a potential asset, but this … this was too much. The pain Sirius was feeling, the knowledge that he had disappointed his two best friends, to know they were gone. It was like looking into a future where Ron and Hermione were not with him any longer. A strong arm around his chest pulled him back against a warm body. Half hidden in the shadows, Tom was a pillar to draw strength from. *I am sorry.*
  *Me too.*

  *You did not think this would affect you as much.*

  *No, I didn't. This could be me. Somehow, that's worse than the idea of dying by your hand.*
Tom promised, kissing the back of his equal's head, *We won't let something like this happen to you. Azkaban is far from impenetrable, and I swear that we will do everything in our powers to keep your friends safe.*For a few heartbeats, Harry turned and let himself to be held. He took comfort like a child from his parent after a nightmare. When he pulled back, he didn't look up. *Thank you.*
  *You're welcome, my Horcrux, now go back to your godfather. I think he needs a guiding hand.*
When the Dark Lord had nearly retreated into the shadows, Harry wanted to know, *Why were you here, Tom?**I don't know,* the wizard admitted with a shrug and a half-smile. *I had a feeling.*"Fate has a way of getting what it wants.""Yes, now go. Black is waiting."Sirius was kneeling before the headstone. His face was still wet, but no new tears were coming. Harry put a hand on his shoulder. "I think it's time for you to take your life back, Sirius. I might not need a godfather, but I could do with a friend."The other wizard flinched. ‘Good,' a small, vindictive part of Harry thought. ‘Keep him in the defence. It will make it easier to get our way.' It did not even sound like Tom.
Before their return to Hogwarts, Harry visited Gringotts. In the Black portfolio, they found a house in a small town in Wales that would suit Sirius better than Grimmauld Place. Afterwards, they ordered a wardrobe that suited his slimmer frame and was suitable for a Lord Black. Finally, Harry talked to Andromeda Tonks, or more, let Sirius speak with her. His godfather seriously needed a competent mind-healer. On his own, he would never get better.All in all, a successful day, or so the teenager thought. The next time they saw each other, Harry could start planting doubts about Dumbledore's methods and remind Sirius who had cast the Fidelius Charm that had been supposed to protect his family. For now, the man was far too unstable to be of any use. In a few weeks … months more likely, he could become an asset.A good day, indeed. Now, Harry was about to capture himself a little incubus. Best Halloween ever!
Hermione had practically drooled over the parsel-spells Harry had helped her translate.Ron was happy that he did not have to interrupt his Halloween feast for their plan to work. Sometimes his priorities were those of a teenager. Go figure.And Harry … Harry had a pretty fantastic view from the top of the Astronomy Tower. The Marauder's map was a godsend. For weeks now, they had used it to track Blaise Zabini's every move. Ron had studied the pattern of when, where and who. About the how they had remained blessedly oblivious. Hermione had helped him perfect the spell that could concentrate and enhance residual sexual energy. It had been quite a revelation how much energy filling Hogwart's corridors. Harry had noticed that Blaise visited the Astronomy tower at least once every other week. Sometimes every week. Sometimes two times a week, depending on how 'hungry' he was. Until now the Slytherin had always retreated to the dungeons at night. But after ten days of starvation, Harry felt that the 'grace period' was over. Severus had thought so too but had been at a loss of how to help. There were no potions to satisfy a sex demon.So, Harry lay stretched out on a red and white chequered blanket, sipping butterbeer, while waiting for Zabini and his latest conquest. After nearly two weeks, he was not even sure, if one victim would do more than easing the hunger pains the incubus had to suffer. But that would not be a problem if everything went according to plan."What …?" She was … a Hufflepuff, maybe? Yes, Hufflepuff, yellow and black scarf."Picknick?" Harry made an inviting gesture over the spread that sat under warming charms. "There's certainly enough for three.""I'm not …," the girl turned towards the Slytherin. "Sorry, Blaise. I know you have a great reputation, but this is not the kind of surprise I'm in for." Aaand she was gone. Good for her.Zabini seemed to debate with himself if he should chase her, but thought better of it. Instead, he growled. "What the hell are you playing at, Potter? Isn't it enough that you and your little band of misfits watch me like a hawk? Now you start messing with my private life?""She wouldn't have been enough to sustain you anyway."Flinching as if slapped, the dark-skinned teenager whispered, "What are you talking about?""You've not eaten in nearly two weeks. Do you honestly think one little Hufflepuff – as lovely as she might be – would have sated you?"Deflecting, the other contradicted, "I eat in the hall every day. Just ask the other Slytherins."Stretching to get more comfortable, thank Merlin for cushioning and warming charms, Harry grinned, "And still you look as if you've spent a month in Azkaban. Tell me, Zabini. Is it food you're hungering for?"The incubus watched him, the curve of the neck, Harry displayed so enticingly, the lean body and the strong legs that had been shaped by hours upon hours on a broom. The teenager licked his lips. Hoarsely he inquired, "Are you offering, Potter?" Slowly he sank to his knees and crawled around the blanket. When he was but a hairs width away from Harry's lips, the other teenager fisted his hair and held him at a distance. "You will never, ever touch me, without my permission! Are we clear, Zabini?"The incubus fought the iron grip, breathing out, "I'll make it good for you. It will be a night you'll never forget.""My last, most likely," Harry snickered, not letting go. "Maybe I'll risk it if you make it worth my while. Show me what you have to offer!"Zabini seemed to like that because he licked his chapped lips and pulled back. Provocatively, he opened his robes, waistcoat, and dress shirt. He did have a nice body, no doubt about that. When he unlaced his trousers, he sat back on his haunches. What a pretty picture."Go on," The teenager encouraged. "Let me see you in all your glory."Being an incubus seemed to lower your inhibitions because the dark-skinned boy set to work immediately. He was weak, and so was his erection; not that it mattered. It was all about intent. "What a lovely picture you make. I wonder how you would look on your back, with my cock up your arse. Your legs would look so pretty wrapped around me when I fuck your hungry hole." The incubus groaned and closed his eyes, working himself up, getting more excited by the minute. "You would like that, wouldn't you? Tell me, little snake, what do you want?"As expected, Zabini started babbling almost immediately, giving Harry time to cast, without being noticed. It was a heady feeling to summon life-force-slash-sexual-energy, but even better to see it fuel the sex demon. The dark-skinned boy, who had looked gaunt and grey only minutes before started to swell. His cheeks filled out, his hair started to shine healthy again, his eyes became near feverish the longer Harry was casting. His entire body began to glow at the influx of magic. He made a picture every sculptor would drool over. When Zabini spilled over his own hand, he screamed rather fetchingly before toppling over. Despite his resolutions not to touch, Harry pulled the boy into his lap, where he was shaking as his body worked through the power boost. A quick swish of Harry's wand had the mess disappear. With a few additional gestures, Zabini was mostly clothed once more. The other teenager was clawing at his arms, pulling himself closer to Harry, curling into him like a little snake, seeking warmth. He was starved for affection because sex and affection was not the same thing, Harry realised. An exciting thought, as it gave them an edge. Despite the incubus' nature, their touches were not sexual. When Zabini's stomach began to growl, Harry offered food. The boy was either too out of it or enjoyed being hand-fed. He barely acted, just gently took everything that was offered, lips brushing over fingertips to clean them. Harry suspected the first, as Zabini's eyes were still mostly closed. After half an hour, the frantic energy seemed to ease. When his hunger was satisfied, the Slytherin curled up, like a baby snake in the nest and fell asleep.'Could you please send Severus to the Astronomy Tower? I can't exactly leave Zabini here, nor get him to the dungeons.'Snickering, Ron replied, 'It's not as if we don't know where they are.''Still, better not to take chances. I'll tell the professor.' Hermione assured him.'Thanks, guys.'
 
  
    Chapter Text
    After the feeding, Zabini acted as if on a sugar high, smiling a lot, even giggling on occasion. 'Stoned' Hermione called it. Then he became quiet and withdrawn. His spiralling mood could be attributed to his head of house, seemingly having it out for him. Even in potions, the Slytherin got reprimanded for the smallest infractions. Harry tried to talk to Severus, but the professor refused to give him detention. When the Gryffindor noticed a disaster about to happen, he threw a beetle-root into a fellow student's cauldron, making Neville's concoction evaporate in a puff of violet smoke.
"Detention!" The Potion Master snapped automatically. "This is your O.W.L. year, all students will either succeed or fail on their own. I will not allow anyone to tamper with someone else's brew. No matter if the tempering is harm- or helpful. Is that understood, Mr. … Potter?" Only at the end of his speech did the man realise who he had criticised so angrily. Still, he drew himself up to full height and glared.
"Yes, professor," Harry replied calmly, holding his gaze.
"Class dismissed!"

For the rest of the day, Severus was running circles in his head. He should not have allowed himself to get carried away. But what Pot… Harry had done could have been disastrous. Of course, it had kept Longbottom's cauldron from blowing up, since that idiot boy had left his concoction on the burner for too long but … never mind. He had to find a way to get through tonight's detention. Then he could work on his insufficient occlumency shields. For decades, he had trained himself not to feel. It had served him well in Voldemort's service. The ability to stay detached had been necessary for his sanity. Now, in Harry's service, he was lost. And he did not know what to do about it. Emotions … entirely unwanted pushed to the surface, and there seemed to be no way to get rid of them.
When the teenager entered, he claimed a place in front of the fire. Crossing his legs, presenting a mirror image of the Dark Lord, Harry studied his Potion Master, before he demanded, "Talk to me, Severus."
"There is nothing to talk about."
With a sigh, his master commanded, "Come here."
As was expected, he obeyed. Opening his palms, Harry repeated, "You will either talk to me or take my hands. The choice is yours. But I won't allow you to go on like this. I can feel your irritation."
"This is none of your concern," Severus snapped and turned away, but seeker's reflexes, allowed Harry to capture his wrist. The Potion Master fought with desperate strength, Harry, however, followed his retreat easily. A small gasp revealed that Severus' secret was out. Frantically, he tugged on his hand. He wanted to leave and hide, even though there was nowhere to hide from this.
He expected reprimand, disgust, after all, he was …
He had not expected laughter. Maybe he should have. He was pathetic after all. But it was not a cruel or demeaning sound, as he would have expected from a Marauder … more breathless and disbelieving. Finally, his wrist was released, but before he could distance himself, warm hands touched his arms, turning him around. The sweet smell of treacle tart brushed over his face as Harry's pulled him close with gentle hands. Softly the teenager whispered, "You're my first, Severus. My first follower, my first advisor. Do you think I would leave it at that?"
This was … confusing. "You've been feeding an incubus …"
His cheeks were caressed; a trembling he had not even noticed, eased.
He did not know how to react.
"What you saw was the extend of our contact. I told Zabini that he was not to touch me without permission. The spell I cast did not need my sexual relief, only his. He helped himself, so to speak." Affectionately, the young man smiled. "There is no reason for you to be jealous, my Severus. Certainly not of one of your baby-snakes."
"I don't … this is not … you're a student." Severus tried to remind himself. Once again trying to step back from the teenager who looked at him with such kind eyes. He should be grateful. This man had given him hope, a future, a home. Harry had treated him as something valuable. His insights and his thoughts were appreciated … even liked. The teenager had amused him with little anecdotes, had allowed Severus to share his everyday life. He had brought interesting herbs Briar had grown, that could be of interest to a Potion Master. One time, a book from the Peverell library had found it's way to the side-table in the cottage's livingroom. He had not slept that night, too fascinated by potions developed several hundred years ago. The days, Harry and he had spent on the back porch of his new home, … Severus had enjoyed every hour. For the first time, he had had something to look forward to, when retiring for the night. His life today was so much better than it had been months prior. And still, he wanted more. How dare he?
 "I have no interest in Blaise Zabini, at least no physical interest. But I have to admit that a kiss sounds enticing. Maybe you could 'advise' me on a suitable candidate?"
He couldn't. Severus couldn't not take this chance. It was wrong, on so many levels. This young man was his student, his master, his charge, his best friend's son. Still, for this one moment, Severus cared about none of that, as he claimed the boy's first kiss.
They lay entangled on the sofa an hour later, slightly out of breath, but honestly content. "That was … educational," Harry grinned, rubbing his forehead against Severus' chest like a lion marking his territory. "But I don't think I have grasped the full concept and all intricacies. Maybe we should repeat it."
Fighting his way up, surprised when the teenager let him go, Severus fled to his cabinet and poured himself a generous helping of scotch. Minerva might be repetitive in her choice of Christmas presents, but her offerings were always top shelf. Allowing the burning in his throat to clear his head, the Potion Master shook his head. "We can't."
"Because you don't want to, or because you think it's inappropriate? And please don't make me force this answer out of you."
After another gulp, the older wizard turned around. He closed his eyes against the alluring picture. Hair messed up. Lips swollen. There were two red spots high on Harry's cheeks. Severus thought that the young man had never looked lovelier. Still, he shook his head. "You are but a teenager, Harry. You have your entire life ahead of you. Especially now that the Dark Lord is no longer out for your blood. You will find someone your age, someone better suited for you. I am your professor, and I am your advisor. So, let me advise you: go and find someone to learn about love and everything that comes with it. No matter how little I like it, even Blaise Zabini would be a better choice than me, since you have found a way to satiate him, without endangering yourself."
"I understand." The teenager did not sound angry, more amused-slash-resigned. He rose and stepped close. Severus wanted to pull back, to hide from the inevitable pain. He was not good enough for Harry Potter. Giving in to the illusion that he could have this young man would only lead to heartache. It was unfair to the boy and himself. He was not prepared for the gentle hand and even soft lips that touched his cheeks. "I am young, I know. And you are my professor, that is true. But times and circumstances will change. I will become legal and gain my N.E.W.T.s. We'll continue this conversation then. Have a good night, Severus. See you tomorrow at breakfast."
Even after the door had fallen shut, Severus stood frozen beside his liquor cabinet. What had just happened? Had the young man, after discovering his feelings, promised to wait for him? That did not make sense because Severus was … Severus. Who would ever think him worth it?
Confused, he downed the last of his drink and then hid in his bedroom.

Harry could feel Severus' confusion but was too delighted to let himself be bothered.
'Mate, you're bouncing around in my head. Tone it down!'
'We kissed! Extensively!' He could not help but grin. Well, it was late, anyway, nearly curfew. Nobody would see.
'Zabini?' Ron asked scandalised.
'Ron, sometimes you have the empathy-range of a teaspoon. Harry is obviously talking about Professor Snape!'
'Your very own snake.' He could feel Ron's happiness for him, despite the gentle ribbing. 'I wonder if Tom's going to be jealous. First Severus and soon Zabini. Soon you can start a pen.'
Ever sensible, their friend lectured, 'Most Death Eaters are from Slytherin. Tom's followers still surpass Harry's in number and power.'
'But not in loyalty,' Harry reminded them. 'Love and kindness get you farther than fear and pain.'
'Well, if everything goes as expected, you'll soon prove that.'
'That's the plan.'
When he climbed in through the portrait hole, Ron and Hermione offered bright, triumphant grins; sharing his joy and he loved them for it. He wondered how this conversation would have gone without their connection. Ron had been so jealous last year, but now … now he could just reveal his convictions and emotions without having to worry that his best friend would misunderstand. Sharing his delight was about the best feeling in the world! Well … right after kissing Severus Snape, of course.

After coming down from his high', Zabini started to observe Harry. He did not acknowledge the three lions, but neither could he keep his eyes off them. For now, he kept his distance.
One feeding would hardly be enough. Since the 'psychological' approach had obviously worked perfectly with Severus, the trio decided to keep at it. During their classes, Ron sometimes singled Zabini out. Hermione nudged him towards Harry, and the young parsel-mage used every chance to touch the Slytherin. He steadied the boy when he 'accidentally' tripped over a root. He held him back when he wasn't attentive enough in Care of Magical Creatures or simply brushed over his back when passing him. They spaced it out, never crowding the Italian, or even speaking to him beyond a few comments in class. However, over the next two weeks, the young snake started to drift towards them. For an incubus, Zabini seemed uncommonly starved for affection. Every time he got close, entirely on accident, of course, Harry 'rewarded' him with an absent-minded caress, before turning back to what he was doing. They made sure nobody noticed.
In the middle of November, the incubus' energy started to wane. He still did not look as bad as before, but apparently, the lack of sex was getting to him. Ever since their meeting at the Astronomy tower, Zabini had refrained from entertaining lovers. He had, however, started to 'court' Harry as aggressively as he could, without giving himself away to the entire school. Little treats, funny notes, all the menial trinkets teenagers favoured. Severus had observed stoically. He had kept his distance, during their 'detentions'. Yet, he had stopped to single Zabini out. Harry considered it a win. However, the professor still ran interference when his snake tried to get to Harry alone. The teenager was unsure if the man was jealous or tried to save one boy from the other. Not that it mattered.
"Can I talk to you, Potter?" Zabini caught up with them, outside of the great hall.
As one, the three lions turned, "Yes, Zabini?"
"Alone, if you two don't mind!" He glared at Ron and Hermione.
With a wicked grin, Harry told him, "We were about to have lunch. If you have something to say, you might as well join us. I have no secrets from Ron and Hermione." Then Harry turned away, seemingly uncaring of the Slytherin following.
The boy, however, remained outside. He clenched his fists, trembling from … something.
"You can't keep this up indefinitely, Harry. Sooner or later, you'll have to feed him, not to put other students at risk."
Picking up some mutton chops with green beans, he shrugged, "I will, but not yet."
Grinning, Ron agreed, "He has to learn who holds the cards, Hermione. He's a Slytherin. He'll figure it out."

 That night, when Harry shared his experiences with Blaise Zabini, the Dark Lord wanted to know what 'stoned' was. Grinning Harry described the dopey grin and the elevated mood Zabini had displayed for days after his feeding.
"Sounds like you've overloaded him," teenager-Tom pondered. "Maybe you should tone it down."
"But that will mean he'll starve sooner."
"Indeed," the other teenager confirmed with a content smirk.
"How do I do that?"
Irritated older-Tom demanded to know, "How can you not know how to regulate the amount of energy you put into a spell? Don't they teach you anything in that ruddy school, anymore?"
Confused, Harry looked at the Horcrux, who explained. "It's a matter of energy conversion. You only have to put as much power into a spell as to see the effect. More will just slip away, not make the spell stronger. Summonings are different, as is elemental magic. The more magic you use, the stronger the effect."
When the younger student still seemed confused, the Dark Lord ordered, "Get Severus to bring you to Malfoy Manor. I wanted to talk to Lucius anyway. It might be an advantage if you accompany me."
"Do you want to introduce me?"
"Not beyond what I've said during the first meeting."
Grinning, Harry concluded, "So you just want to appear with a shadow by your side and terrify them when we speak in parseltongue."
"Yes. Afterwards, I will teach you properly, spellcasting. Something I obviously have neglected until now."

"Malfoy Manor?"
"Yes."
"Is Lord … is the Dark Lord displeased with Lucius?"
"He didn't mention anything. But we talked mostly about spellcasting last night."
Massaging the bridge of his nose, the Severus sighed. "We will need to find a reason for you to leave school."
"We could tell Professor McGonagall that you're taking me to an optometrist, to discuss eye-correcting potions." He still wore his 'decoy' glasses.
Tilting his head, the wizard agreed, "That would work."

When they wandered towards the gate, on Sunday, Severus stated, "I will stay by your side, at all times."
"Won't that give my identity away? There are not many young men you are interested in." Harry wiggled his eyebrows.
Forcing down a blush, the professor lectured, "Nobody but a selected few know that my allegiance is no longer to the Dark Lord. My attendance will be justified."
"So that you seem interested in older men?"
It needed Severus' entire composure, not to snap. It would only prove his young master's point. It was not as if he could hide his feelings, anyway.

Harry was already wearing mask and robe when he and Severus stepped out of the floo in the Manor's drawing-room. Severus had chosen the outfit Harry had gifted him. He had pretended not to see the content smile of his master. Lord Voldemort was watching the beautiful garden. "You may leave, Severus. I will return with Harry once his lessons are finished."
"No."
Turning around slowly, the Dark Lord merely looked at him, challenging his former servant to contradict him to his face.
Knowing where this might go, but considering it worth it, Severus lowered his head. "With all due respect, Milord, as long as my master is here, so am I."
Tom turned towards Harry, smiling sharply, "And you are fine with your advisor playing servant for me?"
"You will behave yourself," the teenager stated calmly.
"Will I …," the Dark Lord pondered, before turning towards the door. "We will see."
Severus had to swallow, as he followed in the older wizard's shadow. Maybe this was not the best idea. But then, leaving Harry alone with the Malfoys was not an option.

The entire morning was tedious. Tom was playing his mind-games, including Severus just to torment him. But since he kept his wand to himself, Harry wasn't bothered. He suppressed a yawn while listening to Lucius pompous speech of the influence he had garnered at the Ministry and wondered what Narcissa was thinking. The woman seemed like a wax statue.
After two hours, Harry finally gave in. In a modified voice, thanks to the mask, he interrupted the ostentatious pureblood, "All this seemingly important connections, and still, nothing can tidy over the fact that you carelessly gave away your Lord's most valuable possession."
"How dare you interrupt me," the Lord Malfoy hissed, trying to retaliate, but his smart wife, put a resolute hand on his cane and kept him from drawing his wand.
Having walked the room, during the pureblood's discourse, mostly to keep himself entertained, but also to unsettle Lucius, Tom lazily pulled his wand and stated near tenderly, "Crucio." All the while keeping his eyes locked with Harry's.
The white-haired male was convulsing on the floor within the minute. Still, the two soulmates remained lost in each other. Narcissa's quiet plea, "My Lord, have mercy," had Voldemort let go of the spell.
Lucius lay trembling on the floor. Only with Narcissa's help was he able to reclaim his chair. The sharp scent of urine filled the room when the man finally managed to relax despite his tremors. Silkily, the Dark Lord approached his 'most loyal' follower, mock-lovingly caressing his head. "Be grateful for my indulgence of your wife. There are wizards with half your blood, who have suffered the torture curse twice as long without embarrassing themselves. You would do good to remember that this wizard," he gestured towards Harry who still sat observing, "claims a throne by my side. If not, the next time your humiliation will not be so private. Have I made myself clear?"
"Yes, my Lord." The Malfoy patriarch's voice was hoarse and weak. Harry found that he did not particularly care. Ginny had suffered so much her first year. Lucius deserved every bit of pain. Still, Severus was Lucius' friend. At least as far as he had gleaned from his Position Master's thoughts. Inconspicuously, he reached back, and equally coveted; his advisor offered his hand. 'Leave a nerve tonic if you wish.'
'Thank you.' He could hear the gratitude in Severus' mind. He did not care for Malfoy, but on Severus' behalf, he may ask Tom to tone it down. Well, it remained to be seen if the pureblood had learned his place. If not … well, a Slytherin who could not read a situation had to learn the hard way, didn't he?
"I hope you will be able to offer more than empty platitudes, the next time we see each other, Lucius. Until then, Narcissa, it was a pleasure, as always." Indicating the smallest bow, when acknowledging the Lady Malfoy, Voldemort turned towards the door. This time, Harry followed, with Severus on his heels.

At Peverell Hall, Severus excused himself to see to his house and workshop. Harry smiled. This Slytherin was apt at reading a situation.
Once they have settled in the sun-room, with Merope and Lily fussing over them, the young lion wanted to know. "Who were you talking about?"
"Severus, of course. Nothing would have humiliated Lucius more than comparing his lack of composure to a half-blood, he introduced to me in the first place."
"You've tortured Severus in the past? I thought you believed him loyal?" Offering the plate of finger-sandwiches in exchange for a cup of tea, Harry watched his soulmate.
"Severus was my Potion Master. He's the youngest Potion Master in history. With that title came a lot of expectations. He was punished if he couldn't succeed in a given task. That's called incentive!"
Sipping his tea, the younger wizard contradicted, "That's bullshit, but fine. I won't criticise your methods on how you discipline your followers as long as you leave mine alone." {Harry has never called his friends 'followers' before. Slip of tongue 😊}
When he noticed the viper's grin on Tom's face, at this slip of the tongue, Harry growled, "Shut up!"
"At least you get on with the plan," The Dark Lord chuckled. "Anyway, we're not here to talk semantics. Let's start the lesson. The theory behind it isn't easy, but I have faith that, with my help, you will have the concept down before you have to return to Hogwarts tonight. Do you have plans for the evening?"
This time it was Harry's turn to grin. "Oh, yes, capturing myself a snake."
Approving whole-heartedly, Tom put down his dishes and invited Harry to join him to the training-room, "Then let us begin."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    After dinner, Harry sent Ron and Hermione ahead. Of course, the incubus took the chance to catch him alone.Reaching for his fellow student's wrist, Zabini started, "Potter, you …"The Gryffindor's sharp smile made the Slytherin pause. "We have talked about you touching me without my consent, haven't we, Zabini?"Shuddering due to the small amount of energy Harry pushed into him, the incubus slowly released him before closing his eyes in defeat. "What do you want, Potter?""Walk with me." Together they made their way up to the seventh floor.Hermione joined them on the fourth; Ron caught up on the sixth.'Are you sure that this is a good idea?''He hasn't signed the parchment. Nobody can keep him from betraying our secret.'Smiling, Harry assured his friends, 'He wouldn't dare. Not tonight. Zabini's starving. He won't risk provoking me before I've fed him.'"What are we doing here, Potter?" The Slytherin asked defensively as the three lions walked him down the seventh-floor corridor.Grinning over his shoulder, the 'boy who lived' shared, "Learning defence. Or do you consider Umbridge a particularly worthwhile teacher?"When the four students entered, every move in the Room of Requirement came to a screeching halt.Seamus Finnigan was the first who spoke, "What is the snake doing here?"Harry informed his classmates calmly, "Zabini is struggling with the Reductor curse. I thought he could tag along tonight."Ever the sensible, Padme cautioned, "But Harry, what if he tells … her!?"Glancing over his shoulder, meeting Zabini's eyes, who was clearly lost but too much of a Slytherin to show it, the leader of the DA assured them, "Zabini wouldn't betray us to Umbridge. I trust him."That vote of confidence seemed to pull the snake out of his stupor. He straightened and stepped up to Harry, "Of course I wouldn't. If the pink toad can't find out about this little club by herself, she's not worthy of being a teacher here."With an inviting smile, Harry nodded before pulling his wand. "Alright, where do you want to start tonight?"'I am not convinced,' Ron shared when they straightened up after the meeting.'He did good,' Hermione pondered. 'He even helped Luna with a charm. Didn't mock her once!'When they left the room, Zabini was leaning against the opposite wall. "Message received, Potter. I'll champion your little club. How long do I have?""How long do you think you'll need?" Yet before the Slytherin could answer, the trio turned away. "Have a good night, Zabini. See you in Potions tomorrow."
After the last lesson, Severus didn't notice when a student lingered. Yet he straightened, when he heard his master's order, "You will give both Zabini and me detention on Friday. Have us scrub cauldrons or assign an essay; I don't care. Any pretence of the two of us together will work. I will feed him, and then he can sleep his high off while I spend the evening."Swallowing slowly, the Potion Master tilted his head. "Understood.""Severus?" This voice, deceptively soft, carried authority and power. Sometimes it was hard to see that Harry and Voldemort had become equals. Not so tonight.When he turned around, the wizard had lowered his eyes respectfully. Harry, however, did not give him the chance of withdrawal. Warm fingers tilted up his head until he met dispassionate eyes. "You will watch!"He did not flinch at the command. He was better than that. Still, he was sure that his master could feel the hurt when he replied evenly, "Of course."
It was not a private meeting. This was his master commanding him. Severus could not argue, and he certainly could not circumvent it even if the thought of seeing Harry with someone else tore his heart. He had ordered the two teenagers to remove the sludge from a couple of first-year cauldrons before retreating to his office. Enchanting the door transparent from the inside, the professor summoned his fire whiskey and settled to watch the proceedings. Harry would not monitor him tonight. The teenager was confident that his orders were obeyed. Severus would never stand for anything less.Completely ignoring the incubus, Harry started on the first cauldron. Physical labour had never bothered him, and it certainly was more bearable now that he had enough food to stay healthy and appropriate cleaning supplies to get the job done. They managed two cauldrons each before Zabini admitted, "I have put out my feelers. I think a few Slytherins could be interested, but … these things take time, Potter. You don't want anyone with questionable morals or divided loyalties. That would be dangerous for you and your friends.""Aren't you, my friend as well?""I …," the other boy was licking his lips. They were chapped as if he had repeated this nervous gesture a hundred times these last few days. His complexion had retaken a greyish tint, and his appetite was waning, despite Harry's little boost on Monday. Confused, he finished, "I don't know. Am I?"With a soft smile, Harry reached out and caressed the other's cheek. The incubus immediately closed his eyes and leaned into the gesture like a snake who sought her master's warm hands. "Am I not treating you right? Am I not caring and compassionate? Have I not fed you when you were starving and watching out for you when the situation called for it?""I … yes?" The teenager replied, inching closer to the lion, who stood before the sink."Come on, *little snake*," Harry hissed, retreating to one of the available chairs. As expected, Zabini followed, folding to his knees in front of him. He was rewarded with the scratching of his head. "You have not sought out alternative food sources. Why is that?""Because I hate it," the incubus whispered, pressing his head against Harry's knee. He was rewarded with more affection. "The touching; the empty emotions; being used. I have garnered this reputation, and I need it to survive. But … but that does not mean that I enjoy meaningless sex. You're the only one I have ever met who has not taken advantage."'If only you knew,' the Dark Lord's equal smirked, glancing at the door, where he knew Severus was watching. He made no move to touch Zabini beyond petting his head."You never … you've fed my demon, but you didn't blackmail me or outed me. You're … kind." Devotedly the incubus looked up, admitting with bated breath, "I like kind."Starring into the demon's eyes, Harry swore solemnly, "I will never take sexual advantage of you. I am in a committed relationship, Zabini.""Blaise."Smiling, the lion caressed the dark boy's cheek. "Harry. I'll feed you, no questions asked. And you will find a way to make it worth my while.""Quid pro quo.""Exactly.""Will you … will you continue to touch me, even when I find a way to repay you?" The teenager inquired almost anxiously."Would you like that?""Yes!""Then that's how it will be." Harry chuckled. "But you should be aware of the rumours it might start. Best case scenario, you'll enter a harem with my two best friends and me."Cheekily testing the other, the teenager reached out to slowly trail his hands over the inside seam of Harry's pants, whispering breathily, "There are far more 'worst-case scenario's than that."Harsh fingers pulled back his head, and green eyes glared down at him, "Don't test me! You won't like the outcome."Grinning, the Slytherin challenged, "You won't let me starve. You said so.""I won't," the lion pulled back the head until it had to be painful, but the teenager did not relent. "But I can make this incredibly uncomfortable for you. Do you want that?""Maybe?"Pushing the other away, Harry crossed his legs, looking down at the boy. It took Severus' breath away of how much he looked like Voldemort at that moment. "Begin."As expected, the other teenager immediately shed his clothes. He whispered, tried to entice Harry, made promises and put on a good show, at least from the Potion Master's point of view, though he could only see the lean boy's back. Despite his earlier admittance that he had no interest in 'empty' sexual contacts, Zabini's movements were sinuous, sensual even, an invitation to touch, to take. Harry seemed entirely unimpressed. While the teenager had to be convinced that the young lion was watching him, the Gryffindor only starred at the door, seeking Severus eyes, despite having no chance to see them, since the transparency spell was one-way. When the young incubus was worked up enough, the parsel-mage started to whisper his transfer-spell, and with a shout, the young Slytherin came all over his hands and upper body before breaking down. Within moments, the Head of House entered the room. A quick check proved that Blaise was alright; his magic was just all over the place. His master had crouched down beside him, pulling the boy into his lap, easing him, "It's okay, *little snake*, everything's fine."The Slytherin's eyes were glassy, and he was grinning dopily, hugging Harry's waist, burying his face in the other teenager's stomach. With little effort, Severus helped the students to his livingroom. Harry claimed the edge of the sofa, with Zabini stretched out beside him. Not once did the Slytherin ease his vice-grip on Harry's waist. Absent, minded, the Gryffindor petted his head while nodding at his advisor to speak."You did not even look at him."Harry shrugged, "Why should I? I am not interested in Blaise Zabini."Closing his eyes, the older wizard sank back into his desk-chair. "That's why you wanted me to watch."Studying him for a moment, Harry reckoned, "You thought me cruel."Swallowing once, Severus tilted his head. "I apologise.""No need." Harry eased. "Given your track record, I understand the assumption. But I said the day I marked you that you are mine now, and I protect my friends.""But we are not friends."Smiling, the other replied as before, "No, we are infinitely more."
When Harry re-joined his friends the next day at breakfast, Ron chuckled, "Interesting date-night, Harry?""Something like that," the young man grinned, briefly glancing towards the Slytherin table where Zabini was absent. Not surprising, since he had left the incubus in his Head of House's office. The other Gryffindors immediately picked up on the topic, and within minutes, the rumours were flying. As expected.'So, you spent the night with Severus?' Hermione wanted to know.'On his couch, with Blaise wrapped around me like a baby snake.'Ron shuddered, 'I so did not need that image.''Tough luck,' Harry grinned, nudging his friend."So, I take it your date was successful?" Hermione concluded their spoken conversation.Grinning, Harry confirmed, "I think we were both very … satisfied."
Harry let one day pass, and then he joined Blaise in the library, where he was studying with his fellow Slytherins. Brushing briefly over the boy's neck, something that instantly perked him up, Harry smiled before claiming the seat by his side, unrolling a parchment to finish his Charm's essay. The other snakes gaped.Draco was the first to find his voice, "What are you doing here, Potter?"Not looking up, he replied, "Knitting a scarf.""What colours?" Goyle asked, confused, clearly not getting it.Chuckling, Harry looked at the other Slytherins, "Red and Green."Snickering under his breath, Blaise advised, "Close your mouth, Draco. It's not a good look on you.""But …" The blond protested. However, since Ron and Hermione joined them, the others didn't dare to oppose. After all, five Slytherins and three lions at the same table. No hexes were flying, and no bloodshed was happening. The speculators soon turned back to their homework. It didn't help that the three Gryffindors moved in perfect synch, unsettling everyone. Harry's occasional brush over Blaise's arm or thigh was the only exception. When the trio rose as one, indicating a bow, Hermione spoke for them, "It was a pleasure, Ladies and Gentlemen. See you at dinner."Then they left.On their way back to the common room, they ducked into an empty classroom and closed the door firmly, before Ron couldn't keep himself any longer, and started laughing tears. "Did you see them? Did you see them? By Merlin, I thought Malfoy's eyes would pop right out of his head!"Chuckling because of the infectious joy of their friend, Hermione added, "And Crabbe and Goyle, they were so not getting it. They looked like broken computers, you know, 'Does not compute.' Oh my god, that was so much fun!"Mischievously, Harry promised, "We're definitely doing that again."Two days later, they joined Blaise for lunch at the Slytherin table. You could hear a pin drop until Blaise purred, brushing against Harry, "Hello there, gorgeous. So nice of you to join me."That lunch was followed by educational decree number 23: During meals in the great hall, every student had to sit at their house table. The day after, the trio and a few Slytherins had lunch in the rose-garden's pavilion, under thick layers of warming charms. Apparently, even the Slytherins enjoyed a little rebellion now and then. Daphne Greengrass joined Blaise for their next DA meeting, signed contract and all.
Apart from toying with the Slytherins, the time until Christmas was rather dull. Harry was wrestling with his composure whenever he was in the same room as Umbridge. The toad put up decree after decree, not that it was of any use. Well, at least the twins were having fun, conjuring a swamp in one of the frequently used corridors and making an overall menace of themselves. Though Severus would never admit it, Harry could sense his admiration for the twin's spell-work. Friday evenings, detention with Severus were the highlights of Harry's week, while Defence against the Dark Arts became an exercise in self-restraint. A restraint he could not always manage.Wednesday, around nine, Harry trudged into the common-room and fell face-first into Hermione's lap. The witch seemed entirely unbothered, continued to read while she started petting Harry's head condescendingly. "There, there, Harry. It can't be that bad."Wordlessly, the teenager lifted his bleeding hand. That had her snap at attention, rousing Ron out of his chess-match against a sixth year who had been foolish enough to bet him two gallons if he could win. With an absent-minded "Check-mate," the red-head came over just as Hermione hissed, "Accio Essence of Dittany!"The entire common room gasped when Harry caught the bottle out of the air, without even lifting his head. Neville voiced their confusion, "How did you do that, Harry."Fortunately, the teenager was hidden enough, so his flinch was not overly noticeable. He merely rolled onto his back and shrugged, "Seeker's reflexes," before handing the bottle over to Ron, who applied the drops after Hermione had whispered a cleansing spell.When they were in bed that night, Hermione repeated the question, 'How did you know where the bottle was?'Watching his canopy, pondering the same question, Harry replied, 'I'm honestly not sure. I could feel your magic tethering it, and Ron saw its path. With that knowledge, it was easy to catch it.''So, you can use our eyes, our magic to orient yourself.' Ron contemplated. 'You'll have to talk to your Dark Lord. He'll want to test that. It could give us an edge in a fight.''And otherwise,' Hermione gave food for thought. 'It means we can spread our research out, and every one of us can join the other's when one finds something of value.''Bookworm,' Harry and Ron thought simultaneous with a loving tease. They never wanted to give her the impression that she was not absolutely perfect, just the way she was.'Sloths,' She replied with a chuckle.'Oh, yea,' Ron languished on his bed. 'What a perfect life, sleeping for 18 hours a day and then eating and looking for the perfect position for the next nap. If I ever become an animagus, I want to be a sloth!'To that image, the trio fell asleep.
The next few feedings worked flawlessly. Blaise did not make any untoward advances, too happy with the Status Quo. Interestingly, Millicent Bulstrode joined the DA. The portly girl with the sharp tongue proved unexpectedly helpful when working with a few younger years that had joined them. Her criticism was concise and to the point, and she always offered practical advice. While finishing their arithmancy homework, Millicent revealed to Hermione that she wanted to work with children when she grew up. However, her parents had already signed a wedding contract with a French wizard from a prestigious family. Hermione saw no reason why she could not be married and work with children, especially after having her own grown to the kindergarten-stage. Something seemed to unclench in the hard witch after that, and she often sought out Hermione in the library. Not to talk, just for the company. Since Hermione was not a fan of conversation while working, the arrangement worked perfectly.For the Yule holidays, the trio had not put down their names to stay at Hogwarts. Tom had made it clear that he expected to work with them and that they would attend the Yule ball at Malfoy Manor. Ron had moaned that he hated the Malfoys. Hermione had despaired that she did not have appropriate robes for a pureblood festivity. Harry had given in. He knew his soulmate well enough that they would not get out of this. No matter the resistance.Blaise got more and more handsy the closer the departure date of the Hogwarts express came. More than once, Harry had rebuked him that he did not enjoy being pawed at. Yet, for once, the incubus did not listen. During the last DA meeting of the semester, the dark Slytherin even pressed a kiss to Harry's cheek after the boy had helped him with a complicated spell. As to not betray their relationship, the Gryffindor had suffered it with an indulgent smile, inwardly seething. Ron and Hermione had traded a concerned glance, but since Harry's occlumency shield remained air-tight, they did not intervene. Surprisingly, it was Luna who approached him. "Sometimes, a little pain now can prevent a bigger hurt in the future.""Are you hurt, Luna?" Harry wanted to know, concerned that the bullying in Ravenclaw tower had picked up again, despite him making it clear that he expected the DA members to look out for each other."Not at the moment," the girl hummed absent-minded, conjuring a lily she then stuck to Harry's lapel. "He will like that. He was always partial to lilies. They have close to no properties in potions, but they are pretty. Don't you think?"Smiling, the teenager confirmed, "Yes, I think lilies are beautiful. But if you're okay, who will get hurt?""Blaise, of course," She looked at him, all innocence and naivete, something Harry had learned to look past by now. "I like him, but he can't go on like this. If you get too angry, you could seriously harm him on accident.""Blaise, you …" erecting a privacy ward, demonstrating an inconsequential wand-movement, the Dark Lord's equal inquired, "Do you want Blaise, Luna?"She tilted her head in a so-so gesture. "He's yours, for now.""I'm only feeding him, so he doesn't hurt other students.""And you want him to follow you. An incubus would give you an edge."Panicking, Harry reached out. 'Luna knows.'Immediately, his two best friends snapped to attention, but the dreamy girl chuckled, "I won't intervene in your plans, Harry. Magic needs you, both of you. The headmaster should know better. If he's allowed to succeed, magic will fall. Muggles are dangerous when they get scared.""So, you are willing to help me?""I want to help magic.""And you want Blaise?" Harry suggested."I like Blaise," she smiled dreamily, glancing at the other boy. "He'll complete me. With him, I will be good."Calculating, the teenager wanted to know, "If I give him to you, I'll still have to feed him. You won't be strong enough to sustain him on your own. He could harm you."Conjuring a turquoise rose, using it to pin up her hair, Luna wanted to know, "And what do you want in return? I won't let you mark me.""Advice?""Hm …" Luna seemed to get lost in thought as she left their privacy bubble. Harry stared after her.'What was that?''No clue. But it's Luna. I think this conversation is far from over.''Harry!' Hermione called out in alarm, 'Seamus is …'Boom!When the ash had settled, and nobody had gotten hurt, a teasing group of Gryffindor's left the Room of Requirement until only the three lions and Luna remained."Hurt someone now, may spare him pain or worse in the future. You did it with Severus. He trusts you now. You'll need to do it with Blaise, or he'll never accept the boundaries of your relationship. You'll need it again before school is over. A blasting curse can break a spine. But a broken spine can heal. From behind the veil, there is no return."Harry went cold all over but bowed respectfully. "Thank you, Luna. I'll keep your advice in mind."'Do you think Luna is a seer,' Hermione pondered, looking after the girl.'No,' Ron decided, 'Seers talk in riddles. They don't know their prophecies until they are repeated to them. Luna is … I think she's fae. She sees possibilities but can easily get lost in them. We should look out for her.''She won't take my mark,' Harry informed them. 'How can I look out for someone I have no connection to?'Hermione slapped the back of his head for that stupid comment, "The old-fashioned way, of course. With your eyes and your magic!""Sorry," the teenager mumbled, brushing his head. "Tom's too strong at times. I easily get lost in his convictions.""Work on that, mate," Ron advised, "You have a unique point of view. Don't let a teenage-Dark-Lord trap you in his outdated ideas. We're better than that. Especially together."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    When Blaise kissed him after Care for Magical Creatures, Harry clamped down on his throat, hissing angrily, "Tonight in Professor Snape's quarters. I don't care how you explain your presence."
Purring, the Slytherin tried to rub himself against his 'boyfriend', "Snape? Kinky. I like it!"
Only Ron's hand on his shoulder kept him from cursing the incubus six ways to Sunday. Tomorrow they would depart for Peverell Hall. Harry wanted to get this out of the way. He had looked forward to the holidays, seeing Tom, spending more time with Severus. Now, this stupid incubus was ruining his mood!
"Easy, mate. Now is neither the time nor the place. You can get it all out of your system tonight."
"I will hurt him!" the teenager hissed viciously, and for once his friend did not protest.
"I know. Just keep it contained until then. Your Dark Lord is showing."

Despite his insistence, Hermione joined him in the dungeons. Once Snape opened the door, she insisted, "Give him a Calming Draught!"
"Excuse me?" The Potion Master couldn't help but bristle at the commanding tone.
Harry, protested angrily, "I do not need a Calming Draught."
Looking entirely unimpressed, the witch warned, "If you don't give him something now, you'll have to scrape your snake off the wall, in an hour, professor." Then she turned towards her best friend, "And if you don't drink it, Harry, so god help me, I will shove it down your throat myself!"
Since Hermione was in that mood, Harry took the offered potion and downed it. Within a minute, he shuddered and scratched the back of his head, looking ashamed. "Sorry, Hermione."
"It's okay," she hugged him. "See you tomorrow."
Once the door had closed behind the young witch, Snape asked carefully, "Do you want to tell me what happened?"
Whipping around, Harry's hand snapped out for Severus'. Immediately their connection flared to life, and the scene from the afternoon unfolded. Severus had to clamp down on his jealously.
How dare that little snake …?
What gave him the right …?
As if Severus' anger had eased his own, the teenager reached out and caressed the other's cheek. For a heartbeat, the Potion Master closed his eyes and leaned into it. When he felt Harry step closer, he whispered, "Please, don't." If the young man kissed him now, he did not know if he could keep his distance.
The teenager merely touched their foreheads. "I won't," he breathed, "I promised you I wouldn't. I will never do something without your consent. I swear."
Severus was helpless to quell the impulse. He pulled Harry into his arms, breathing in the scent that was so unique to him. After a few heartbeats, he pulled back, "You are carrying a lily?"
Chuckling, Harry opened his robe and pulled out the flower Luna had given him during the last DA meeting. It had yet to wilt, and a small spheric charm around the head kept it in perfect condition. "Luna conjured it for me. She said it was pretty."
Brushing over the delicate petals, the Potion Master confirmed, "It is. Useless, but pretty."
"Well," the young man sighed, looking towards the Head of House's office. "Let's hope the 'pretty' thing in there has more use. Otherwise, he's not worth the effort."
"Harry, I know you are angry. But you should look at this from Mr. Zabini's point of view. He is entirely dependent on you. Until now, you have asked little in return. He just wanted to establish a rapport between you, where he could be sure that he is of equal value to you, as you are to him."
"By making advances, I have explicitly told him I do not want?" The teenager hissed.
"By using what he's best at: Seduction."
"So, you are not angry at him!"
"I am," Severus admitted. "and you very well know it. Still, I am advising you not to let go of a potential resource so easy and maybe think of a way to keep him tethered, beyond the feeding."
"Are you suggesting that I should mark him? The Zabinis stayed out of the last war, according to Tom."
The Potion Master confirmed, "They did, and I don't suggest that you make him fight for you. But his mother is a player on the international social stage and, as her son, he learned the art of manipulation on her knees. He has a lot to teach you."
"And you would tolerate him by my side."
Drawing back, the former Death Eater titled his head. "I have no say in who you mark. I will work with whomever you chose. But …" Shaking his head, he caressed the teenager's cheek. "You made me your advisor. You protect me. You even gave me a home. I can work with a little upstarting snake if that brings you an advantage. And Zabini loyal to you would be an advantage."
"I'll think about it. Luna said that she wanted him."
"Luna Lovegood is a category of her own. Do you think it's either/or for the pair?"
Thinking back to their confusing conversation, Harry shook his head. "No, to be honest, I think she expects me to mark him. She seems prepared to work with that … or around that? She just told me that she wouldn't let me mark her."
Massaging the bridge of his nose, Severus made a dismissive gesture. "One problem after the other. For now, deal with your incubus. He's pacing my office, and I'm afraid in a few minutes, he'll have lost the last of his clothes. He has already removed his robes, his jacket and opened his dress-shirt."
"Enticing," Harry wiggled his eyebrows. "I'll follow you, Professor."
Blaise's eyebrows shot up when they entered, but within a heartbeat, he had regained his composure. "Two for one," he chuckled, "I like it."
Severus remained behind Harry's right shoulder; arms clasped behind his back. Harry glanced at the boy. Calmly, he stated, "I told you, that I would sustain you, Blaise. I told you that I would touch you without taking advantage. I also told you that I do not like being touched by you."
"You did," the incubus smiled. "But rules can change, and I can make it good for you. You'll enjoy yourself so much that you will want to come back again and again and again! I promise."
"Oh, I'm going to enjoy this." Harry smiled all teeth and no humour. For the first time, the Slytherin realised that he might have taken this a step too far. Seeking help with his Head of House, Blaise shivered when he noticed Snape's stoic expression. Maybe there was indeed more to Harry Potter and Severus Snape's relationship than even he had thought. He took half a step back, but Harry had already started chanting.
As first, the energy was like a ray of sunshine, warm and healing. The incubus' body soaked it up, smiling dopily, rubbing himself through his trousers. It was a lot and increased steadily, but only after the first orgasm, did the energy really start to fill him up, to travel through every part of his body. His core. His arms. His legs. His head. It was a heady feeling, and he revelled in it.
"So good …" he purred, slowly sinking to the floor. But contrary to experience, Harry did not stop. The warmth turned hot, burning. But he could prevail. He would not see Harry for nearly a month. He would need this boost. The burning turned smouldering. Blaise looked up, eyes glassy, filling with tears. Desperately he whispered, "Stop, Harry. It's … it's too much."
The Gryffindor, however, merely stepped closer, looking down at him, eyes hard and cold. His chant did not falter.
The energy started to scorch Blaise from the inside out. His veins filled with lava, travelled through his body, leaving no part untouched. He started sobbing, pleading for forgiveness from a man who had none. He held out, held out as long as he could because his pureblood upbringing would not allow for anything less. But in the end, he screamed. He screamed until he was hoarse and then some. Eventually, his world turned black.
For a few seconds, silence reigned in the office. Then Severus stated tonelessly, "I am grateful that Miss Granger forced the Calming Draught on you."
Looking down at the Slytherin dispassionately, Harry agreed. "Me too." Then he left for Severus' quarters.
New tears started to leak out of Mr. Zabini's eyes when his Head of House lifted him from the floor and carried him to his living room. Harry had conjured a narrow cot with railing on either side. After placing a few monitoring charms, Severus relaxed into the corner of the sofa. He took his time and watched his master, who was pacing the room. After a few minutes, he summoned two glasses and his fire-whiskey.
"Bribing me with alcohol, Professor?"
"You look like you need it."
Wordlessly, the student took the offered glass and sat. After a few minutes, the former Death Eater wanted to know, "What concerns you more, that you did it, or that you enjoyed it?"
"Hurting someone to get the point across is usually Tom's approach."
"It is," Severus admitted. "The carrot and the stick. You convey your expectations; you reward good behaviour; you offer punishment when they are not met."
Sinking back into the buttery soft leather, Harry mumbled, "Usually, I prefer the carrot."
Tilting his head, the other gave food for thought, "The carrot works better for those who've known the stick." People like you and me. Severus didn't say it, but both could hear it loud and clear. "Mr. Zabini, for all his pureblood upbringing, has known little hardship. Of course, nothing is ever easy for an Italian wizard of colour in the depth of Scotland. But Mr. Zabini's mother has taught him how to get his way. He is a true Slytherin, out for his advantage. He mistrusts arrangements where he cannot see every possible angle. Things you don't understand, you can't manipulate."
"Words Tom lives and died by."
"Only the Dark Lord?"
Chuckling, Harry admitted, "I have Hermione for all the things I don't understand."
"While I appreciate Miss Granger's studious nature, she is not your personal library. You should thrive for understanding on your own."
A whimpering from the corner made the pair lookup. "Am I a bad person for not regretting this?"
"Maybe," Severus admitted. He studied the young man, at the quiet question, "Are you afraid of me, because I've proven to be just as sadistic as Tom?"
This was important, the former Death Eater realised. So, he took his time to think about it. To think about all the things Harry had done and everything he could do in the future. Finally, he admitted, "No, but then … I've not been afraid of pain for a long time. There are worse things you could do than hurt me physically." Then, as if to prove his conviction, he opened his arms. Harry leaned in with little incentive. "I won't, Severus." The young man promised. "But I understand that you don't trust that. Not now. And that's okay. As it is, I'll have all the time in the world to prove it to you." The Potion Master did not reply, he merely hugged Harry tighter, before letting his arm sink around the young man's waist, picking up the journal he had started after dinner. Their evening past with no conversation but both slipped into a comfortable sleep after retreating to their respective beds.

The next morning, Harry stepped up to the bed where Blaise Zabini was opening his eyes. He was still in his pyjamas, and the bed had not transformed back to the couch yet. Severus was occupying the bathroom, leaving the two students to talk. The Slytherin's eyes were wide and fearful; his body still trembled from the power Harry had overloaded him with. Swallowing thickly, he breathed, "It won't happen again."
"I know," the Gryffindor replied easily. "You will join me for the Yule Holidays. Severus has removed your name from the list of those who stay at the castle."
Glancing at the door Severus was rummaging behind, Blaise only looked back at Harry, after it became clear that nobody would 'rescue' him. "I will," he gave in. Not that he had a choice.
"Good," offering a sharp smile, the teenager petted the incubus head, not caring when the other flinched back. "See you at breakfast."

While the headmaster had tried to insist that Harry stayed at Hogwarts to be 'safe', the teenager had claimed that he would spend the holidays at a safe-house Sirius had organised. Barty had helpfully implanted the memory, into the ex-convict's mind. Eventually, Harry wanted to introduce his godfather to his new allies. Still, since he was not entirely sure how firmly the man was in Dumbledore's pocket, he and Tom had agreed that that could wait until summer.
Still, Sirius provided them with an excellent alibi when the trio arrived at Kings Cross. Patiently they waited until everyone was gone, then used the Portkey Barty had given Sirius. Rhodes, Briar and Lily were waiting for the students in the entrance hall to welcome them and pick up their trunks. After the meet and greet with the bubbly elves, Hermione and Ron traded a knowing look with Harry, before retreating to their rooms on the second floor. That left Harry alone with his first advisor and a trembling Blaise Zabini, who half hid behind his Head of House.
"Did you give him the potion?"
"Of course."
Harry smiled sharply, "Excellent, in that case, be welcome to my home, Blaise. Walk with me. I will introduce you to your other host." Walking to the green salon, he inquired, "Do you wish to inspect your house before you join us for dinner, Severus?"
Calmly, his first advisor replied, "I have complete faith that Lily set everything up to my expectations." Translation: I wouldn't miss this for the world. Harry merely tilted his head, but Severus could feel his amusement. Somehow, around here, the connection between them came a lot more natural than at Hogwarts. As if the surroundings wouldn't allow for them to temper it down. Severus had to admit that he liked it. It felt closer.
When entering the room with the emerald green carpet and the warm, brown fixtures and furniture, Harry could not help but smile when seeing Tom, sitting regally in an armchair by the fire, reading the Prophet. It was such a mundane picture, yet so very fitting. Where else could the Dark Lord idle away an afternoon with a cup of tea and a newspaper if not in his own home. Watching his companion like a hawk, Harry introduced, "Tom, allow me to introduce you to Blaise Zabini, son of the Black Widow. Blaise, let me introduce you to my housemate, Lord Voldemort."
Tom took his time folding up his newspaper, inspecting the Slytherin, enough for all colour to drain out of Zabini's face. He rose, elegantly, and approached Harry for a hug and a kiss to the forehead. Keeping his arm around Harry's chest from behind, the other toying with his wand, he studied the teenager. "Harry's 'boyfriend', as rumour has it."
Blaise tried to retreat, but Severus kept him in place. Pleadingly, he looked at his fellow student. "I'm sorry," he whispered, "I won't do it again. I'll be good, I swear. Please, Harry, please, give me another chance. I'll do as you say. I'll promote your club. I'll spy for you in Slytherin. Everything you want, just … please!" He withered before red and green eyes, lowered his head as if waiting for the final blow.
With exaggerated intensity, Tom sighed. "Fine, you can keep him. But make sure he doesn't …"
"… pee on the carpet?" Harry chuckled. "He's a smart boy, Tom, not a puppy."
"That remains to be seen. Merope!"
"What can Merope do for the Lord?"
"This is Blaise Zabini, Harry's … boyfriend, for lack of a better term. Please assign him a suit on the second floor and make sure has everything he needs."
Pleased by the command, the elf with the dark napkin tunica gestured towards the door. "Please, follow me, Mr. Zabini-Sir. Merope will be showing you your room."
With a respectful bow, Severus decided, "With your permission, I will retreat until dinner."
Studying his former Potion Master, the Dark Lord nodded. "Do that, Severus. I … your work has been … acceptable."
Once the door had fallen shut, Harry chuckled. "Carrot!"
Tom opened a narrow door at the side with a sigh. They passed through the residential wing until they reached his office. "If you insist on throwing random vegetables into conversations, at least explain yourself. Or has Hogwarts rotten your brain?"
"You've just offered Severus a carrot. Usually, you're the one with the sticks."
Stiffly, the Dark Lord contradicted, "He has kept you safe and educated. I could be pleased with the addition of an incubus, if … and only if, he proves up to standard. That deserves to be acknowledged."
Noticing the body-language, Harry stepped back into Tom's arms once they had reached their designation. For a few minutes, neither said a word, merely revelled in being together. It had truly been too long. "I've missed you."
"And I you, *my Horcrux*."
Pulling the Dark Lord onto his couch, sitting down right beside him, Harry wanted to know, "So, how did you and Barty do these last few weeks on your own?"
"That is none of your business, you nosy child!"

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Blaise had pulled an armchair into the corner of his room, as far away from the door as possible. Hugging his knees, he looked out of the window and back to the door. To and fro, door, window, torn between his desire to flee and prepare himself for an all-out assault. It wasn't as if he was locked in. He had checked. Sneaking out and finding a fireplace connected to the floo should be possible. He had snatched some floo-power when leaving Snape's quarters. The little pouch was a comforting weight in his pocket. But then what? He had no idea where he was? Would the powder be enough to return to Hogwarts? And even then, what would happen when Potter returned? They had an arrangement. Would the other boy simply leave him be? A month … even a week ago, he would have thought so. But after today … not likely. He knew too much.
Blaise groaned and pressed his forehead to his knees. What has he gotten himself into? At first, the golden boy of Gryffindor had helped him, and that had seemed like a blessing. Even propagating his little club had barely taken an effort. But contrary to Blaise's expectations, he and Harry had not grown closer, despite everything he had to offer. The lion had shut him down again and again and again, seemingly content with his efforts in Slytherin house, despite only managing to convince two other year mates to join the DA.
In Blaise's experience, that was not enough. If he could not prove himself valuable, support could be cut off at any time. The Slytherin had not wanted that, hence his efforts to court Harry. To prove his worth, to entice; something he had learned at his mother's breast. But nothing had worked. Finally, in a last, desperate attempt, he had kissed Harry and had tuned up his powers to the nines, despite having barely anything left. But once more, the 'chosen one' had not reacted. As if he was immune to the incubus. Though that did happen on occasion, mostly with people who had no interest in a male companion, Blaise had felt that Harry was different. He could not enchant him because … why?
In the Potion Master's office, he had finally understood. He would never be able to seduce Harry. The teenager had already given his heart to another. That kept him safe. But Blaise had not heeded his mother's warning of giving up on lost causes. He had tried his best to seduce Snape along with Harry, and what had followed had been the worst pain he had ever experienced. Burning with excessive energy was even worse than starving. He had no idea how Harry had done it. An energy transfer without sex should have been impossible! But of course, the 'chosen one' had found a way. A way to not only feed Blaise's nature but to punish him at the same time. Resolutely the boy brushed away the tears that had started to roll down his cheeks when he recalled last night. He was not weak. He would not break down crying every time he remembered!
Still, it had driven the point home about how little chance he had when standing up to Harry Potter. If he didn't want to abandon this relationship and possibly Hogwarts and the United Kingdom altogether, he had to bend to the lion's will. His mother had gone to great lengths to enable him a place in the prestigious school. His father had been at Hogwarts. One of Blaise's first memories of the man was tales of the magical castle in the middle of Scotland. After his dad's death, his mother had given him his journals. His little eight-year-old self had devoured them. Needed them to feel close to the parent he had lost. From then on, he had been sure that Hogwarts was the right school for him. And now, to abandon it because of a mistake?
Potter was a good guy, kind even if you played by his rules. He hadn't and had been punished for it. Now, he had been … abducted? There had to be a lesson in all of this. Had the ‘Saviour' wanted to kill him, he would have just needed to keep up his chant a little longer. Blaise was sure his body would have exploded eventually. Instead, he had been brought here. The house was grand, beautiful even. The house-elf in the white napkin that had greeted them had seemed delighted to see the Potion Master, so it stood to reason that the witches and wizards who lived here were kind, at least to their servants. Then the three lions had arrived. The moment the Gryffindors had passed through the doors, a change had washed over them. They had stood straighter, moved more in sync, the strange behaviour that unsettled students at Hogwarts was even more prominent here. But somehow, it felt … natural. Severus had … his Head of House had deferred to the golden Gryffindor, and that too had felt natural. Blaise had been too scared to voice his confusion, and then …
"Lord Voldemort."
Blaise had been convinced that it would be the ultimate punishment. That the Dark Lord would aim his wand, and they would all die. Well, maybe except for Snape. He had worked for the man before. But instead of sadistic cruelty, the wizard had hugged … hugged!!! Harry and had started bantering with him. None of this made sense! Then the Dark Lord had greeted Blaise and offered him a room and … and he would be expected to join them for dinner.
For the first time in his life, Blaise was not sure that he could rise to the occasion. His mother had thrummed into him never to show weakness. To always study his surroundings, to determine motives and learn how to use them to his advantage. But now … this was You-Know-Who! Someone who had tortured and killed countless wizards and muggles alike. Someone who had killed Harry's parents and the 'Saviour' had just returned his hug. As if their past didn't matter.
At a knock on his door, he shot up from his chair, clutching his wand. "Enter!"
He was honestly unsure if it was a good or a bad thing when Severus Snape appeared on his doorstep. The Potion Master seemed more relaxed here than he had ever been at Hogwarts. He wore midnight blue robes of outstanding quality. His hair was clean and shimmering. Yet his gaze was as stern as ever. "Mr. Zabini, I advise you to freshen up and change. We are expected in the dining room in twenty minutes."
Swiftly Blaise tore off his clothes and dashed into the bathroom for a quick shower. A few drying and styling charms later, he returned to his bedroom, where Snape stood beside his trunk, in deep conversation with the house-elf who had shown him his room. "… I am aware, but the Dark Lord will hardly consider student's robes suitable. Even if they bear the Slytherin Crest."
"Merope has an idea, Sir." Then the little elf snapped her fingers, and a set of dress-pants, shirt and west, along with the other necessities, jumped out of his trunk.
Dressing, Blaise licked his lips. "Sir, if you would allow me: what is going on?"
Folding his arms before his chest, the Potion Master studied his student as if pondering on how much to reveal, "You are given a chance, Mr. Zabini. A chance not many will get."
Thinking about that, Blaise offered, "A chance to prove myself to Lord Voldemort."
"No," the other wizard smiled softly. "The Dark Lord will go along with anything Harry Potter decides. He might try to change his mind if he disagrees, but the ultimate decision about your fate lies with your fellow student. If you are smart - as I know you are - you will watch, listen and learn and then provide what is expected of you. If you can do that, without playing games, Harry will take care of you. He will protect you."
"Is … did the Dark Lord put him under some kind of spell? Or … or did you? We all know the official story, that you were loyal to Dumbledore, that you were his spy, but …"
Chuckling darkly, Severus revealed his bare forearms. "It is not Voldemort's mark I carry."
"What …" They knew. Every Slytherin knew that Snape bore the Dark Mark! First-Years were told within on the eve of their arrival and in the same breath advised never to mention it. This … "This doesn't make sense."
Merope popped in the same moment, offering a cream-coloured robe that would make Blaise's skin glow.
"In this house, loyalties are chosen, not forced. So, choose wisely, Mr. Zabini. You won't get a second chance."

When following his Head of House, Blaise could not help but gape at Ron and Hermione. The Gryffindors wore short, elegant robes of deep charcoal - he; and a soft, warm brown - she. Both looked dashing and certainly a lot more stylish than he had ever seen them at school. Hermione had even twisted up her hair. It seemed so effortless and natural yet looked so good that Blaise wondered why they never wore such attire at Hogwarts. He only got the tail-end of their conversation before they spotted him.
"All I'm saying is that it's wrong. And I won't stand for it." Hermione snapped.
Ron merely rolled his eyes before addressing him, "Zabini, Sir, let's get going. I'm starving!"
"You're always starving, Ron," Hermione shook her head, then proceeded them along the hallway.
"What can I say? I'm a growing boy."
This was surreal, Blaise thought. Maybe he had gone mad yesterday? The pain had undoubtedly been enough. This theory seemed to be confirmed when the Gryffindor's entered a dining room, greeting the Dark Lord and Bartemius Crouch with a courteous bow before the witch started, "Sir, Barty, good to see you. Thank you for having us over for Yule. I would like to talk to you about the wardrobes!"
"Harry insisted on you accompanying him, as you very well know." The Dark Lord replied in a bored tone. "Don't flatter yourselves in assuming I want you here." Looking them up and down, he wanted to know, "What about the wardrobes? Bartemius did a passable job."
Claiming a seat by the Death Eater's side, Hermione started, "It is unseemly for you to buy us an entire wardrobe. I have clothes. We are here to support Harry, not to be treated as ‘dress up' dolls!" It seemed to bother her a lot since she gestured widely to emphasise her words.
Putting down his cutlery after the first few bites, the Dark Lord inspected the young witch. Blaise felt the need to hide behind Snape. Did Granger have a death-wish to talk to Voldemort like that?
Sneering, the Dark Lord shared, "Yes, I have seen the so-called ‘clothes' you chose to wear at Hogwarts. No self-respecting witch would ever allow herself to be seen in something like that. They barely fit your sleeves, and the front was already tight around your, …" He cleared his throat. "Mr. Weasley's wardrobe I won't even go into detail about. Sufficient to say, if you wish to stay here, you will adhere to proper standards."
As if praying for composure, Hermione took a deep breath. Then she forced out from behind clenched teeth, "I will not be held as a ‘kept woman'. If you were so unhappy with my attire, you could have said something. I would have bought robes that fit your standards."
It was evident that Voldemort did not believe a word of what Granger had just said. Blaise was still tense but started to relax a little when nobody was cursed. With an elaborate gesture, the Dark Lord informed the young witch, "These robes alone were fifty gallons each. Tell me, Miss Granger, how many could you have bought on your own? Let alone an entire wardrobe suitable for a person of your standing?"
Ron spat his drink over the table, turning red, "Bloody hell!"
Chuckling, Harry raised his wand and vanished the mess. "Believe me, Ron, that's nothing. You should have seen him going all out on my wardrobe last summer."
Granger had paled at that price. She realised that her muggle families' income would never suffice. Still, she protested weakly, "It's still not right for you to pay for our clothes!"
"What makes you think that I have paid for your clothes? That would be highly improper!"
"Then who …" The three teenagers exchanged confused looks.
Rolling his eyes, the Dark Lord picked his cutlery back up. His input for the conversation was about to end. "Harry, of course."
"Oh," the teenager in question perked up. "Good for me." He then beamed at his two best friends. "We should do an entire wardrobe overhaul!"
"But that's …" Hermione started, but this time Barty interrupted her.
"Actually, that is more than appropriate, considering your and Harry's relationship."
"Excuse me?"
Gesturing at the three lions, Bartemius shared, "This custom might have fallen out of favour a few hundred years ago, but it is still accepted. If a muggle-born witch or wizard prove themselves exceptionally skilled or powerful, it was common for a pureblood family to take them under their wing. They would teach pureblood traditions, provide wardrobe and lodging – if needed – in short, everything to keep that witch or wizard safe. In turn, the muggle-born would increase the family's reputations with her achievements."
"Why would they need to be kept safe?" Harry inquired.
"You remember the Salem witch burnings?" The Death Eater reminded him. "Just because the American town was famous for them does not mean that witches were safe everywhere else. At times being called a ‘witch' was akin to a death sentence."
"What about Ron? He's from a pureblood family himself. I can hardly justify championing him when he knows everything already."
Understanding where this was going, his best friend answered, "No, with me, it's the other way around: You were muggle raised, so – even though you are from an old family – you don't know enough about our traditions to make it on your own. I provide you with knowledge, and you provide me with something of equal value."
"Quid pro quo," Harry grinned.
Voldemort tilted his head. "It is uncommon to provide a payment as ‘mundane' as money. That indicates that your family has nothing else of value to give. However, since Mr. Weasley here is hardly interested in your family heirlooms, a wardrobe will have to do."
"Twilfitt and Tattings?"
"Naturally."
"Mate," Ron berated, throwing a wax grape, "stop grinning like that. You're positively creepy."
Sighing, as if all this were incredibly tedious, the Dark Lord berated, "Please refrain from throwing the decoration, Mr. Weasley. We are not at Hogwarts."
Grinning, Ron lowered his head, "Apologies, Sir."
The rest of the meal passed in pleasant conversation, mostly between Bartemius Crouch and Granger. Occasionally the Dark Lord or Harry added to it, but the atmosphere remained calm and relaxed. Only when Harry and Voldemort had left did Blaise realise how this dinner had felt: like family. He had no clue what to make of that.

"You are not enticed by your little incubus," Tom stated while relaxing in front of the fireplace of his office. Belladonna had provided hot chocolate with rum for him and Harry, a guilty pleasure he would never admit to, but here, with just his Horcrux, he could indulge.
Licking his lips after the first sip, the teenager shrugged. "I never was. I thought I just wasn't interested."
"The very magic of creatures like incubi and succubi make you interested. The fact that you don't warrant further studies."
Leaning against the man's legs, luxuriating on the thick carpet, Harry shrugged. "Let's do that tomorrow. When will you have the tailors in?"
"Tomorrow at nine. The Yule Ball at Malfoy Manor is on the 21st. Your robes have to be perfect."
Looking up, the young man wanted to know, "Do you think it's smart for me to attend?"
Smiling, Tom messed up Harry's hair. "It's a masked ball. And I have already chosen your costumes."

"If you ever put me through something like that again, I will hex you. Repeatedly!" Hermione groaned, sliding boneless into a chair. The seamstress had just left, and while Harry and Ron had been quite easily measured and equipped – Ron had a surprisingly good understanding of what kind of robes and other attire would be needed – the witch had taken trice as long with Hermione.
They had talked about fabrics, colours, and cuts for more than two hours until the Dark Lord had come in and taken mercy on the three teenagers. With short, concise sentences, he had decided what was to be made. After that, the tailor had needed but little input from Hermione to round up her wardrobe. Rather than flowing dress-robes that resembled actual dresses, Hermione would go with a more military design that would leave her arms free and show off the beautifully embroidered dress-shirts she would get. After a few tries, they had all seen that she was not comfortable in long dresses and skirts.
 Harry grinned and petted her head. "There, there, Hermione. It can't be that bad."
"Stop patronising me, Harry Potter."
"I would never," her friend grinned. "But I will tell you that I have seen a rather interesting book on counter-curses in the library. Maybe Lily would show it to you?"
Instantly perking up, Hermione was on her feet in an instant. "Lily?"
"What can Lily be doing for Miss Hermione?"
Smiling, the young witch leaned down, "Would you please show me the book on counter-curses in the library?"
"Certainly," the house-elf beamed. It was so rare that this witch asked for anything. Hence, all elves felt honoured to assist her whenever she asked for anything. "Please, be following me."
"Please, follow me," Harry corrected immediately.
"Please, follow me, Miss Hermione," Lily then corrected herself, colouring slightly when her master looked at her proudly.
"You know that we won't see her again for the rest of the day?" Ron inquired.
"Yep," Harry shrugged, "But Tom wants to experiment later. I doubt Hermione would approve."
"Experiment?"
"He wants to find out why I'm immune to Blaise's magic."
"Aaaaaand I'm out. See you at lunch." Ron rolled off the sofa, and hastily left the room.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Call for your demon-pet!"
"Blaise is not my … fine." Harry deflated and went to look for the Slytherin. When they returned to the sun-room, the Dark Lord commanded, "Seduce him." Then he claimed an armchair, wand at the ready.
Zabini flinched back as if he had been struck. "No!"
"Excuse me?" The older wizard merely raised an eyebrow. How dare this upstarting little boy to contradict him?
The Slytherin immediately caught up to the precarity of his situation. He licked his lips and gazed from Potter to the Dark Lord and back again. "I'm sorry … ahm … Milord, but Harry has made it very clear that he is not interested in me."
"And why should that matter? You are an incubus, are you not? Make him interested." Angrily, Voldemort tipped his wand against his palm. Still, inwardly he was pleased that the demon-pet deferred to Harry, even when faced with his ire. Harry had trained him well.
"Tom …" His Horcrux stepped forward but was shut down instantly. Time to put the pet's deference to the test. "No! How dare you contradict me? I have wizards' trice your age cowering at my feet, upstarting, little snake!" He rose from his chair and approached the teenager menacingly. "You will do as I say or suffer the consequences! Cru…"
"NO!" Harry stepped in front of Blaise and raised his wand to conjure a shield. "You will not harm one of mine. We had a deal!"
"Did we?" The Dark Lord inquired deceptively soft, stalking towards the pair. "I remember something about not harming your friends and followers. However, if I am not mistaken, Mr. Zabini is neither."
"You. Will. Not. Touch. Him." The teenager growled, meeting the older wizard head-on. "I brought him here to introduce him to the family. I did not bring him here to be tortured or threatened. Are we clear?"
"Harry," Blaise choked, torn between talking reason into his fellow student or hiding behind him. The soulmates seemed to be locked in a battle of will. When he approached, Harry immediately reached for him and herded him behind his back. "Please," the Italian whispered, "I won't go far. I'll stop before anything happens. The Dark Lord just wants to see how my magic affects you … or doesn't affect you. I won't … I would never let you be unfaithful."
Stepping back, calm as you please, Tom nodded, "That would be acceptable," reclaiming his chair.
 *You're such a bastard!* Harry hissed.
Tom looked at him unemphatically, *I am, and your little pet knows it. And now he has learned that no matter how much he displeases you, you will still protect him. An incubus who is afraid of your very touch is of no use.*
Groaning, the Horcrux rubbed his forehead, "I so hate you."
"However, will I survive? Now begin!"
Turning towards the dark-skinned boy, Harry sighed. "Alright, Blaise, you have my permission. But keep in mind that …"
"I know," the other hastened to confirm. "I won't make you hurt Professor Snape. I promise." After a confirming nod, he inquired, "Can I kiss you?"
"Is that necessary?"
"Ahm … no."
"Then I would prefer if you didn't."
"Okay … alright, let me see." Hesitating, Blaise reached out with a reassuring smile, the other teenager laced their fingers. "It's alright, Blaise. Just go all out, and we'll see where that leads us."
So, the Slytherin did. He gently caressed the Gryffindor's palm, rubbed his pulse point. He offered little pets and kisses to Harry's hands, neck and shoulder. He pulled the other into a warm embrace and started to move against him. Everything looked soft and sensual. Even the Dark Lord had to admit that the two teenagers made an alluring picture. However, this display was not the reason for them being here. So, he raised his wand and started to chant.
"You can stop now." He stated, satisfied, after the quarter of an hour.
Dazed, Blaise pulled back when Harry gave a little nudge. He was … not hungry but … but he had liked the contact, had enjoyed being close, being touched and be allowed to touch. Seeing the dispassionate look in the other teenager's eyes was like a bucket of cold water. "You didn't like it at all."
"No, that's not it, you're good, Blaise, really. Your touch felt nice."
"You're not interested." Voldemort pointed out. "Thank you, Mr. Zabini. You may go now."
After a glance towards Harry, the teenager fled.
After a light lunch, Tom ushered Harry into the training room. Since parseltongue was a rare gift, few books were written on the subject. Hence the magic was best taught by example. The soulmates were locked in combat when Tom asked out of the blue, "You felt nothing when Zabini targeted you?"
Hissing a jinx, skilfully evading the rebound, the teenager shrugged, "It was nice, I mean … you know, touching someone warm and fit, … Blaise is an attractive bloke, but overall … no, not really."
"Your pet thinks it's because you are in love with Severus."
"Did he tell you that?"
Exasperated, Voldemort threw a bone-breaking curse, watching satisfied when it dissipated on Harry's shield. "I don't have to ask."
Reflecting a jinx from a mirror behind Tom, Harry fist-pumped when the spell hit its target. He even turned a little red when the Dark Lord swayed while complimenting him, "You're thinking outside the box. Good."
Claiming snacks and drinks from a tray Belladonna had provided, the two soulmates sat on the mats facing each other. Stretching had become part of their routine since more flexibility meant a wider range of motions.
"Do you think you are in love with Severus Snape?"
"Do you?"
Shaking his head, Tom held out his hand to assist his Horcrux in stretching his back when they sat cross-legged, facing each other. "It hardly matters what I think. I ask about your feelings."
"And you're not getting a rash?" Harry teased, allowing his opponent to bend his back so that he could touch the floor with his forehead. After a moment, he rose again, only to meet concerned eyes. "I don't know," he admitted, looking at his hands.
"You don't know if you love him?"
"How do you know that you love someone? I remember flashes … impressions of mum and dad. Most of the night, they died. I know she gave her life for me but … but that doesn't mean that I felt loved at that moment. I think I was mostly confused, … and scared." After gathering his thoughts, the teenager continued. "I know that I love Ron and Hermione. They were my first friends. I would die to make sure they are alright. But Severus is … different."
"Can you explain how?"
Laying back, giving a formidable star-fish impression, the young man shook his head. "Severus … he just makes sense. He was a bastard, but he never treated me like a celebrity or a pariah, according to public opinion. He protected me, and …" He rose agitated and started to attack the training dummies. "Dumbledore he, … he manipulated me from day one. Do you know how that feels? To discover that every bad thing in your life can be traced back to one man? A man who claims to have had your best interest at heart. Bill told Ron that he's still scheming with the Order to get me back from Sirius. Who does that to an orphan, take him away from the only 'family' he has left? Do you know how hard it is to open up to someone after that? But Severus … he is … reliable. I trust him. To know he's there is … safe." With a slashing motion, a training dummy was cut in two.
"Are you trying to sell him to me?" Oh, to be young and having the luxury of such feelings again.
"No! I just … he'll stand beside me, no matter what. I can trust him to have my back unconditionally."
"Trust does not equal love. Ron and Hermione would do the same. They've followed you into danger since you were eleven. They switched sides for you, even though it will make Ron's life very difficult. Yet I don't see you getting romantically involved with either of them."
Exasperated, Harry lowered his wand. "Then what do you think?"
"I think you are not allowing yourself to love."
"Why?"
With a deep sigh, Tom centred himself before admitting, "Because I recognise the sentiment."
Tentatively, the teenager reached out and touched his soulmate's arm, "Barty worships the ground you walk on. He would do anything for you."
"As would Severus for you. Harry, the man was willing to die for you, several times over. Every time he returned to me, he knew that he was at risk of being discovered. Still, he came to keep you protected!"
"I know, that's why …" Rubbing his head, the young man deflated. "I can't … I can't imagine anybody who I could believe in as implicitly as Severus Snape. The thought of him not being there … it's unfathomable. I need him."
"Need is …"
"… not love. I know. It's just … he's been alone for so long, torn between two masters who couldn't care less about him. To act like that, to promise him something I don't know I can deliver, hurting him even more … I don't want that."
"You think he's afraid of pain?"
Harry snorted, "I think he stopped being afraid of pain the moment he realised that you would kill mum."
"I had no intentions of killing your mother. I asked her to step aside three times."
"A mother stepping away from her child. Please, Tom, even you could not have been so foolish as to think that would work."
The Dark Lord shrugged. He still did not like to admit to a wrong. "Severus lived to play the game for both sides after that."
"No," Harry breathed, sinking back down cross-legged. "Severus stopped living the moment he held mum's dead body in his arms. Dumbledore had forced a vow in exchange for hiding my family. The moment Lily died, his only reason for living became to protect me, simply because he knew no other way to honour her memory."
"You think he gave up."
"I think the first time he thought about himself for the last sixteen years was when he begged me not to put my mark on his forearm."
"So, he became your follower to honour a woman's memory, who died fifteen years ago? Is that what you're saying?"
"He became my follower because he loved mum. Enough to give up everything for her son. Love is stronger than fear. I told you so."
Trying a different approach, Tom wanted to know, "What is the status of your relationship?"
Shrugging, Harry admitted, "We don't have one. I'm a student; he's a professor. There are hundred-and-one rules against us being together."
"Still, you don't keep your distance."
"I feel comfortable with him. He smells of herbs, and his rooms are … I like it there. It's the only place in the world that comes without expectations. I promised not to do anything that could compromise him. No kissing or … you know,"
"Oh, I know," Voldemort chuckled, then he became serious again. "Harry, those we care about can hurt us with callousness and thoughtless words. But those we love have infinitely more power. I know that you're scared. I also know that you're playing for time under the pretence of respecting Severus' boundaries. That's fair, honourable even, but what will you do when you are still unsure the day you graduate?"
Scratching his neck, Harry repeated, "I've come so far with him. I don't want to hurt him."
Reaching for the young man's wrists, Tom rubbed them soothingly. "I know, Harry. But that in itself should tell you something. You have a chance."
"Like you and Barty?"
Lightly pulling the messy ponytail, the Dark Lord confirmed. "That is none of your business, *my Horcrux*."
After a while, a shadow vanished from the window. "Is he gone?" Tom wanted to know. Harry nodded.
"You knew he was there all along?"
"He was in the library after lunch, and he approached the room the moment you started throwing hexes at me."
"Why did you continue our conversation?"
Burrowing into the older wizard, the teenager admitted, "Because talking feelings with him is like pulling teeth. Still, I don't want to give him the wrong impression. Nor do I want to string him along. He deserves to know how I feel, so he can make an informed decision of how to proceed."
"Do you think he will keep his distance? That he would even be able to?"
Pulling back, Harry re-did his hair. The longer it got, the easier it was to manage. Looking less like his father was a bonus. "No, I think he is too far gone on me for that. We did a good job with him last summer. I enforced that during the evenings I spent with him at Hogwarts. He never got the chance to 'wane' himself off my presence. He's used to me being a part of his life. Still, I want to be honest with him. He has been lied to often enough. I'm not Dumbledore, and I'm certainly not you!" Needing a change of topic, he inquired, "By the way, did you discover why Blaise can't ‘put a spell on me' so to speak?"
"Of course," Tom rose and pulled Harry to his feet. "Your mind is trice protected. He wouldn't stand a chance against Ron or Hermione either."
Laughing, the teenager concluded, "So all this talk about love had absolutely nothing to do with the matter at hand."
A gentle hand turned him around. "You needed to talk. No matter the Horcrux or what you have suffered in the past, you are still a teenager, Harry. And sometimes, it's good to get things off your chest."
"Be careful, oh big, bad Dark Lord. People will start to think you care."
"No need to be insulting," Tom sniffed, then picked up throwing hexes. They had merely three weeks before Harry had to return to Hogwarts. Best to thrum as much knowledge into his equal's head as possible.
Severus stared into an empty cauldron. After overhearing the conversation between the Dark Lord and Harry, he had fled to his laboratory. He had planned on brewing something. But what? There were dozens of recipes he had been eager to try these last few years but had never had the time or resources. Now he could not even recall how to toss together a headache potion.
It was ridiculous. What had he thought? That the child would share his feelings? That Potter … Harry would be as gone on him as he was on the young man? He had never said anything. Never lied about his feelings or lack thereof. They had kissed, and the young man had enjoyed that. They touched, and Harry seemed to draw comfort from that. Them being together was more than 'nice'. He had also promised not to cross any boundaries, Severus had. His new master had done everything right. So, why did it hurt so much to hear that he did not love him?
"I'm sorry." The young man's voice was soft and apologetic.
Straightening his robes, Severus turned. "There is no reason to apologise for not loving me."
"I'm not." Stepping closer, Harry caressed Severus' cheek softly. "I'm sorry that you are hurt. You, of all people, don't deserve that."
"I can assure you …"
"Don't," the young man interrupted, "Severus, please, don't. We both know that we never talk about it. But I needed you to know how I feel." Stepping closer, the teenager wrapped his arms around the Potion Master and pressed his forehead against the man's shoulder. Severus was helpless, but to pull him close. This was … safe, comfortable, everything he wanted.
"I don't want to lose you," Harry sighed as if defeated. "I can't bear the thought. You're the only one I can trust not to put me on a pedestal or tear me down because I won't fulfil your expectations. Don't make me do this without you, please."
"I won't," Severus breathed hoarsely, tucking Harry's head under his chin, the most intimate contact he could allow himself without getting carried away. It was gentle … reassuring. Maybe they did not need love; trust could be enough. After all, how many couples suffered in their relationships because they kept secrets? Severus was an open book because of the mark. Harry had just proven that he would not keep secrets about the status of their relationship. It was enough.
"I'll be by your side. Always"
"There will be a meeting tonight. The annual ball at Malfoy Manor is in two days. We need to discuss our approach."
Hermione spoke up, "Our robes are ready. Masks will be provided, I assume."
Ron wanted to know, "When are we leaving?"
Smiling at their reaction, Tom shared, "In an hour."
Blaise sat by Harry's side, trying not to be seen. It was not like a Slytherin to remain inconspicuous, but here he could not figure out what was expected. "Am I supposed to come?" He asked quietly.
Surprisingly, it was Barty Crouch Jr. who replied, with a condescending, "You don't even have a master, little snake. You're not ready to play with the big boys. Better slither back into your corner."
Harry made a mildly disapproving noise, but Barty only grinned and licked the corner of his lips.
"When he's right, he's right," Hermione nodded, then looked at her friend, "Do you plan on changing that?"
Blaise swallowed when the three Gryffindors turned their attention on him. He was not even sure which answer he preferred but felt undeniably relieved when Harry stated, "Not yet." Then, as if nothing of significance had happened, the young man turned back to Tom. "If Lucius mouths off again, I won't keep my composure. I hope at least Malfoy Junior is absent. It's bad enough that I have to deal with him at Hogwarts. I would prefer to spare myself that ordeal during the holidays."
Snorting, Ron reminded him, "Annual Ball at Malfoy Manor. No chance that Draco is not prancing around."
"Kill me now!" Harry groaned, slipping down in his chair.
Blaise felt torn between defending his friend and saying something ‘wrong'.
"If you insist," Tom replied, drawing his wand. The Slytherins barely had time to scramble back from the table before a fight broke out in the dining room.
Blaise flinched at every curse. Compared to how his duelling lessons, this was an all-out war. He could not understand how Professor Snape could be so calm. The teacher merely stood in a corner, wand at the ready, but not interfering beyond the occasional shield to keep them safe from stray spells and curses. At his pupils questioning look, he merely shrugged. "Better for them to get it out before the meeting."
Doubtfully, the Slytherin watched the duelists.
With a tilt of his head, the Potion Master gestured to were three teenagers seemed engaged in a perfectly choreographed dance around the older wizard, alternatively dodging, shielding and attacking the man. After a few minutes, Belladonna popped in and cleared her throat. Immediately, all fire ceased.
With a snap of her fingers, everything was put to order again. The wizards had been careful not to disturb the dishes. "The Lords and Lady will sit down and finish their supper. Now! Or there won't be pudding."
"Yes, Belladonna," the quartet replied contritely.
"Only my Inner Circle will be there tonight. A dozen people at best, yours included," Tom tilted his head towards Ron and Hermione.
"Fine. Let's see if what they have to say is more interesting than Lucius' monologues."


  
    Chapter Text
    Tom and Harry had covered Ron and Hermione in disillusionment charms and silencing spells before they departed from Peverell Hall. As before, two chairs had been placed at the head of the table. More thrones than chairs, and Harry, with his dark robes and black mask, claimed one without a word. Severus stood behind his shoulder while Barty took a seat at the back, though he had entered right after Lord Voldemort. The other Death Eaters seemed unsure what to make of that. Ron and Hermione claimed the sides of the room, watching, waiting, unseen.
While political moves and blackmail material was discussed, Harry wanted to gouge out his ears. This was mind-numbingly boring. He would never go into politics. Never! Hopefully, Ron had a better head for it since he would sit for both the Black seats. That came with a lot of expectations.
‘Are you crazy, mate? You can't have me representing you at the Wizengamot!' His best friend thought, thunderstruck.
‘Why not? You clearly get what they are talking about, and I have no interest whatsoever to spend my time in stuffy dungeons.'
‘Harry,' Hermione thought sensibly, ‘It is your duty as Lord Potter to represent the will of people and to act in their best interest as an active part of the Wizengamot.'
‘No,' the Gryffindor shared triumphantly, ‘the duties of a Lord include but are not limited to: guiding the political decisions of the governing body; and: to act in the best interest of the witches and wizards of Great Britain. Nowhere in the carter is it written that I have to do that in person.'
‘You've actually read the Wizengamot Carter?'
‘Tom made me,' Harry grumbled. ‘Anyway, Ron gets this stuff. He has a brilliant head and the necessary logical thinking to understand the plans the other Lords could devise within the plans they propose. Even Tom agrees that you would be the best representative available.'
Ron choked, ‘You have talked to Lord Voldemort about me representing you at the Wizengamot?'
Before they could continue their conversation, Lord Avery had drawn his wand and cast a hex at Hermione. It was not hard to avoid, but this meeting had just gotten a lot more interesting. "My Lord," The Death Eater hissed, "There are spies in our midst!"
All attendees froze. Then, out of the blue, hexes and revealing spells started flying. Ron and Hermione had no trouble dodging, but one managed to weaken their invisibility spells. "I would stop now if I were you," Harry advised quietly, not moving from his chair.
It was impossible to identify the intruders, only that one was male and one female. The well-meaning advice was ignored, as Lord Nott brandished his wand and threw a curse at the witch.
"Protego," Harry stated, pressing his fingertips together. He studied the Slytherin before looking at Tom. *Are you particularly attached to him?*
*No, though he might be useful in the future,* Lord Voldemort grinned viciously, making an inviting gesture.
"Immobulus," Harry spoke quietly, and together with Hermione's casting and Ron's wand-movement, the Death Eater was frozen. Then the Horcrux rose from his chair. In perfect sync, the three black-clad figures circled the table. The attending witches and wizards seemed unsure whom to follow with their eyes. Harry served as their voice since he was the only one with the voice-distorting charm woven into his mask. "One of you has already made the mistake of underestimating me. I would have expected him to share his experience about what happens when one attacks me or mine. Obviously, I overestimated him."
The Death Eaters seemed torn between standing up to these unknown entities and acting without their Lord's approval. Since Voldemort just sat in his chair and watched the proceedings, they dared not interfere. Once Harry had reached the frozen Lord Nott, he held out his hand. "Knife."
As expected, the Potion Master held out the small, wickedly sharp blade. He would have to discard it since it would be as good as useless to cut potion ingredients once polluted by blood. Yet, that was a price he was glad to pay. Watching Harry stand up to the arrogant Lord, radiating power, was awe-inspiring. Slowly the young man dragged his blade over the wizard's cheeks. The gauge went down to the bone. The man could not even cry out when the blood started to drip onto his robes. Harry folded his arms behind his back, letting the blood from the blade soil the floor.
"How dare you?" Lord Goyle hissed, brandishing his wand. Yet before he could fire the first spell, Harry's head whipped around, and he whispered, "Flagellum." This time Hermione executed the wand motion since she was the one who could see the face. In quick succession, two ugly whipping marks appeared on the man's cheeks. The Death Eaters edged away from the two victims. Slowly completing the circle, until they all were at their original positions, Harry sat down again, glancing at Voldemort, who seemed unmoved by the proceedings. Then he studied the Death Eaters around the table, ordering quietly, "Proceed."
Nobody dared to make a sound.
"Since nobody has anything to add, we will see each other two days from now." Voldemort rose, and Harry followed.
"My Lord, please, …" Lord Avery spoke up. "How should we have known that you were aware of them?"
"Really, Avery?" The Dark Lord looked over his shoulder. "Do you think me so reckless as to allow intruders in our midst without knowing about them?" He glanced at his Inner Circle, "You better not disappoint me at the ball. Because I will not be as lenient as my partner." He gestured at the two injured Death Eaters, "Let these marks be a warning for all of you, never to underestimate those who sit by my side."
The Inner Circle barely breathed when Barty followed his master, three perfectly synchronised black figures tailing them.
Back at the Dark Lord's office, Harry leaned against Tom's legs as soon as the man sat down. Ron and Hermione claimed places next to him on the carpet. Barty and Severus chose armchairs in front of the fireplace.
Surprisingly, it was Ron who spoke up first, "I think Lord Crabbe will be a problem. And the one facing Avery, I think. They both were … irked when Harry injured their friends."
"Lord Suffolk," Barty spoke up. "He tends to oppose Lord Avery every chance he gets. Apparently, he doesn't like it when someone's playing in his sandbox."
"They will continue to test you," Tom warned his Horcrux, carding his fingers through his long, dark hair. "When I took your side, I elevated you above all others. I usually don't interfere in their infights, since they know better than to quarrel during meetings. That I didn't reprimand you proves that I accept your decisions. Now they will start looking for weaknesses."
"Bring it on," Harry shrugged, raising his eyes. "I won't attend any meetings without Ron and Hermione. They'll have my back. And with Severus by my side, I'm as good as invincible."
"Me interfering on your behalf will make you look weak."
Grinning, Harry looked at his first advisor, "I don't need you to interfere. Your emotions are enough to give me an edge. You feel protective and tense when you think someone is about to make a move against me."
Turning back to the matter at hand, the Dark Lord inquired, "What is your opinion, Miss Granger?"
Hermione took her time. "I think Malfoy Sr. tries to elevate himself by not admitting to a mistake. Today Harry cut that plan off at the feet when outing him. If you want him out of the picture, it would be easiest to continue needling him like that. However, the man has considerable influence both on the board of governors and at the Ministry. We need to find a way to gain leverage over him."
"Reasonable," Tom tilted his head. "And how do you propose you do that?"
Grinning, the three Gryffindors replied in one voice, "Draco."
Barty chuckled, "Another Slytherin for you to play with?"
"Draco's a diva," Severus gave food for thought. "He will easily accept an elevated position in your circle. He will consider himself superior to everyone else if you claim him before others. He likes to appear grand and influential."
"Arrogant, you mean," Harry concluded. When his advisor nodded, he pondered, "So if he had to fight for his place, if he were not the first, we could keep him on his toes."
"You're still thinking Zabini," Ron pondered.
"Maybe. But I'm not sure Blaise has the stomach for it."
‘We were not sure if Ron and I had the stomach for this either. Tonight was a baptism by fire for all of us.'
Pulling up his knees, resting his chin on them, Ron nodded, ‘It bothered me less than I thought. Though I don't think I want to go around hurting others, these Death Eaters … they are not particularly good people.'
‘It's not bad to take them down a notch.' Hermione agreed.
"That's a tight rope to wander," Harry whispered.
Tom caressed the young man's head. "We want to change the world, but we have to start where we are. A transition can only happen gradually, and for now, that includes a certain degree of violence."
Smiling weakly, the teenager reprimanded, "You should stay out of my head."
"And the three of you should speak out loud."
"Apologies," the trio offered. Then they rose as one.
"Goodnight." Ron and Hermione left.
Harry looked at his first advisor, "Walk with me."
Gracefully, Severus got up and followed his master.
Though it was a chilly December night, the sunroom was beautiful. The stary sky beyond the bay-windows created a tranquil atmosphere. For a few moments, Harry took the time to collect himself. He reached into his robes and held out a blood-speckled handkerchief. Severus unwrapped it and revealed his potion knife. The hint of a smile graced his lips. The young man had preserved the blood. He approved.
"I will buy you a new one." Harry didn't look at him. Hands loosely clasped behind his back, he gazed out. As before, he reminded Severus of the young Tom Riddle who had once tempted him with promises of power and equality amongst his peers, no matter his blood-status. But Harry was different. He had to believe that, or he had traded one tyrant for another.
"I have enough potion knives."
"Not one like this."
No, not one like this. The blade was old, the handle worn, but it had stayed sharp for more than ten years. "It was a gift from my Potion Master." Severus shared. "He gave it to me the first time he had me cut my own ingredients. It was the most expensive tool I have ever owned. I can sterilise it. It can still be of use."
"But not for all ingredients. It has tasted blood. The blade will remember."
"So, you have been paying attention." Severus rumbled contently.
Drily, Harry replied, "Let's just say, you can't be around a Potion Master all the time and not pick up a few things."
Slowly stepping closer, the older wizard tried to see his master's eyes. They were contemplative, without any real expression for him to read. "You've brought me Avery's blood. I will make good use of it."
Harry chuckled humourlessly, "I have no doubt."
When he didn't continue, Severus inquired, "I cannot advise you if you don't tell me what is bothering you, master."
Reluctantly, the young man admitted, "I'm not sure I like the person I become."
"Because you don't want to hurt people?"
"No," Harry whispered, looking up with cold emerald eyes. "Because I liked it."
For a heartbeat, Severus said nothing, allowed himself to get lost in the jewel-like eyes. Then he slowly reached out, unsure if he was allowed to touch, but daring, nonetheless. Reaching for Harry's hand, the man brushed a reverent kiss over his knuckles before pressing it against his forehead. Tonight, he had been in awe.
Harry was just wrapping one of the owl-ordered presents, occasionally petting Hedwig, who had decided that she had time for him today. When Nagini slithered into Tom's study, she regurgitated a white bunny in the middle of the carpet, fur and everything. Sighing, the Dark Lord wanted to know, *Nagini, why are you bringing dead animals into my office?*

  *The feather duster is working too much. She has no time to hunt.*

Slowly Tom and Harry turned towards the white owl, who studied the prey in the middle of the room. Nobody said a word. After a minute, Hedwig decided that this was worth her time and dived for the mammal. She then claimed a position on the mantlepiece and started to strip the rabbit off its skin.
"Did your snake just feed my owl?"
"And what does it say about my life that this is not the weirdest thing I have witnessed today?" Tom pondered.
Harry immediately perked up and looked at his soulmate.
With an absent-minded gesture, the Dark Lord shared, "Barty and Ron are sitting in the library, studying law. Your boy decided to learn wizarding law from the ground up so that he could represent your interests in the best way possible."
"How could Barty be of any help?"
"You forget that Bartemius Crouch was a member of the Wizengamot. Barty grew up in the political circus."
Viciously, the young man hissed, "Putting his job before his son is not something any father should do! Crouch was an absolute bastard!"
"And Barty killed him for it. Justice was served."
"Not really," Harry replied tonelessly, starring at the book about Southern American plants and the seed-package he had just wrapped for Neville. "Had his father been more of a father to him, maybe Barty would not have fallen for you and Neville's parents would still be there for him."
"The Longbottoms?"
"Yea, your lovely trio of mad Death Eaters tortured them to insanity. They've been at St. Mungos for the last fourteen years."
Perplexed, Voldemort stated, "But Severus has developed a potion to counter the effects of that curse more than seventeen years ago."
Drily, Harry pointed out, "It's not their bodies that are the problem."
"I see," Tom replied, then rose and left the room.
"This is too much," Hermione whispered. Her robes were of a shimmering light-grey, covered in hundreds and hundreds of tiny feathers that reflected the light. Once she put on her mask, her hair became white and straight, reaching the small of her back. Her make-up was discreet and made her skin radiant.
Ron stood beside her, admiring himself in the mirror. His outfit was of a similar cut; anthracite hair reached his nape. "We are Lord and Lady Crow, companions of Lord Corvin. I say you look perfect." Gently guiding up her head, the redhead smiled at her, "You are beautiful, Hermione. With or without a costume. Don't ever doubt that."
The witch opened her eyes but did not know how to reply to the compliment. After nearly a minute, she croaked, "You look very handsome yourself."
They fidgeted in front of the mirror until Harry peeked through the door. "Wow, you look amazing." Entering fully, he revealed his costume, similar to that of his friends, just raven-black. His mask had a larger beak than Ron's and Hermione's, making him nigh unrecognisably.
Sitting down on the bed, Hermione wanted to know, "So, what's the plan for tonight?"
Shrugging, Harry toyed with his mask. "No idea. Us attending was Tom's idea. For my part, I want to see how much I can annoy Malfoy without making it too obvious."
"Are you still thinking about recruiting him?" Ron wanted to know.
"To be honest, I don't know. Malfoy would be an asset in Slytherin. The others listen to him. But what reason could he have to work with me? I won't coerce people into joining me. We can't trust them if we do."
"Isn't what you are doing with Zabini coercion as well?"
Harry reached for his neck to scratch it. Ron caught his wrist at the last second. "If you mess up your hair, Lily will murder you in your sleep."
"Right, thanks," Harry mumbled, then he shook his head. "I hope that I'm not forcing Blaise to join me. I wanted him to come out of his own free will. That's the whole reason for bringing him here. I will continue to feed him - I would not let him hurt Luna – no matter how he decides. But I must admit that a Slytherin of his talents could be a major asset. None of us is particularly socially savvy. He could bring knowledge to the table we are lacking."
"I'm not sure he has the stomach for bloodshed," Ron gave food for thought.
Grinning, all teeth, "None of us did, and then that bastard Avery targeted Hermione, and all of our scruples flew right out of the window!"
"That was different!"
"No, it wasn't, Ron," Hermione spoke up. "Not really. Every person is capable of violence. The only question is what triggers it."
Ron whipped around, "Nobody has the right to hurt you!"
Weaving their fingers together, the witch smiled, "I share the sentiment."
"So, the only question is, who is Blaise willing to shed blood for? Maybe he would do it to protect himself. Maybe it will be me, though I doubt that."
"Maybe it will be Luna. Have you thought about that?"
"I … no," Harry admitted. "No, actually, I haven't." Then he shook his head. "It doesn't matter anyway. Tonight, I want to watch him in his natural habitat. Let's see what he has to offer and then decide if we want him."
"Alright, so one potential recruit and annoying Malfoy as much as possible." Ron grinned.
"Gentlemen," Hermione put on her mask and brushed her white hair over her shoulder. "I believe we have a plan."

  

There had been hushed whispers when the six walked down the open staircase that led into the ballroom of Malfoy Manor. Tom had opted for a shimmering dark scull-mask that covered the upper part of his face. His robe was of an opalescent black. Barty complimented that with a horse-mask in light grey. Rider and steed were not the most expected pairing, but it got the point across. Harry stood at Tom's right shoulder, mirroring Barty. His black raven-mask swallowed the light, as did his robe. Ron and Hermione walked behind them, identical costumes in light- and dark-grey. Severus was last, a raven-mask not unlike Harry's own, anthracite robes that shimmered black in the right light. The Potion Master had dreaded the event, unwilling to entertain the thought of embarrassing himself in some random costume. But the Dark Lord – or more Barty – had proven impeccable taste. Their costumes complemented each other with their cuts, and the pairings were quite obvious.
Tom introduced himself as Death, Barty as Binky, wherever that stupid name came from. Harry was announced as Lord Corvin and his friends as Lord and Lady Crow. Severus himself was presented as Lord Raven. He was the only one widely known from their group. Blaise had chosen to use his real name. Unsettling their hosts with their synchronised movements, the trio walked around, watched and listened. This evening promised to be interesting.

  

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Merlin and Morgana, he's going to offend half the Wizengamot!" Blaise hissed, watching Harry from across the room. His fellow student's costume was impressive, as was the power he emanated, since, for the first time in memory, Harry was not holding back. He was radiant and beautiful and took Blaise's breath away. But his lack of social grace … it was a disaster! Frantically, the Italian looked around to find Ron and Hermione. Poste haste, he stirred them away from their companions, instructing, "Ron, watch and tell Harry to copy me."
Blaise then leaned over Hermione's hand, lips not touching the back of it, as he stated, "Lady Crow, may I be so bold as to introduce myself." He rose again, "He does not touch anything but the Lady's hand. Especially not with his lips. He does not shake her hand. He awaits her permission to continue this conversation. This is Lady Philippa Mortimer, the 9th Countess of Ulster. She's the current head of one of the oldest families in the country, a direct descendant of the Pendragon line. Her family has founded the Wizengamot, and though her son holds the seat, she's still the authority behind it."
As one, Hermione and Ron turned around, looking at Harry, who, out of the blue, tilted his head before turning toward an elderly witch, introducing himself as instructed. She was obviously charmed, and Blaise relaxed marginally. Turning back towards the Gryffindors, he mumbled, "Also, you should stop doing that. You, moving in synch, is seriously unsettling."
Together, they turned towards him and offered sharp smiles before answering in one voice, "We know." They turned to go, calling over their shoulders the last moment, "Get Malfoy to stay away from Harry." "He'll mess with him and will only get more creative as the evening wears on." "Just a friendly reminder." Ron winked before guiding Hermione to the dancefloor.
Confident that Harry would not commit a social faux pas in the next few minutes, Blaise joined his Slytherin friend at the buffet. As always, Draco looked absolutely mouth-watering. Had Harry not charged him far beyond what was needed, the incubus would salivate over his best friend instead of admiring him from an aesthetical point of view. The blond wore cream-coloured robes with a pair of white wings at his back. A charm made them occasionally flutter – all in all, the picture of the perfect angel. Draco looked aetherial. Of course, people admired him, but that was nothing on the attention the Dark Lord and his partner drew. Draco did not like that. "Who does he even think he is?" He ranted. "I'm sure he does not even have an invitation!"
"Does he need one when he enters in the Dark Lord's company?" Blaise stated drily. But his best friend cut him off.
"Why would Lord … the Dark Lord associate with someone of no standing?" Draco hissed like an enraged kitten. "I asked around. Nobody knows who he is. The three crows are just a bunch of upstaters. Their synch act is just a cheap way to garner attention!"
Watching the ‘golden trio' waltzing over the dancefloor, three different partners but still in perfect unity, Blaise smiled, "They are drawing attention."
Draco huffed and turned away.
"Why don't you show me the gardens. I am sure I can make it worth your while."
Leaning away, Draco growled, "I don't swing that way. Go play your games with someone else, Blaise!" With a huff, was off.
So far, so good. At least now, Blaise could be reasonably sure that his friend would stay away from the Gryffindors. When McNair engaged him in a conversation, the Slytherin only paid half attention, too determined to keep an eye on Harry. When he was led away, he met Prof. Snape's eyes, gesturing towards the Gryffindor. A subtle nod indicated that the Potion Master would keep an eye on them. Next to the ballroom in a lounge, a few Lords and Ladies were engaged in a lively discussion. McNair smiled sharply as he guided the young Slytherin into the room and locked the door behind them.
Harry did his best to adhere to all the rules and regulations Tom had thrummed into his head. He had nearly messed up with the Lady Mortimer, but fortunately, Blaise had saved him last minute. Now he did his best to appear interested, while at the same time, discreetly unruffling the bindings of Draco's wings wordlessly. They had slipped off two times now, and Harry wanted to know how long he could keep it up before the Slytherin would tire of his unruly costume. He would look like a beige candlestick without the wings, and Harry contemplated if he should spell his hair black or maybe red with the illusion of flames? At Barty's insistent nudge, he returned his attention to the conversation at hand, realising that being pompous and self-important was not a trait reserved for the Malfoy family. Few had to say anything of substance. Harry wondered how Tom could suffer such unimaginative people. Neville, the twins, even Luna, … especially Luna, were a lot more interesting. Conversations with them kept you on your toes. But here, it was politics, one scandal or the other or boring laws that would make the rich richer. Harry wanted to go home.
A cool drink was pressed into his hand, something that had happened countless times before, and every time Harry had smiled at the server and abandoned the glass first chance he got. Not to drink anything in good faith had been one of the first lessons Tom and Severus had drilled into him. Too many potions could be slipped unnoticed. The young man relaxed when he realised that Severus had served him. He even took a sip after the Potion Master had given a miniscule nod. God, he was parched.
Discretely, the older man informed him. "Mr. Zabini was guided into the lounge half an hour ago. I am not sure that these are safe surroundings for an incubus. Many followers have realised that he is with us. He could be in danger by association."
Nodding, Harry promised, "I'll look into it eventually."
The older wizard hesitated.
Calm, the young man looked at his advisor. "If a chosen … associate can't hold his own against a group of people during a party, he's hardly worth my time."
Severus did not like that but lowered his eyes and stepped back. After a dance with an eligible young Lady he had been introduced to – and by god was Pansy a bore – Harry contacted his friends.
‘Lounge?'
‘North-West door.'
Ron and Hermione took their places behind his shoulder while he crossed the dancefloor, not caring that he was making a spectacle of himself. Hands loosely clasped behind his back, he spoke quietly, "Alohamora." Ron pushed the magic; Hermione made a coveted motion. The overpowered spell had the double doors swung open, bouncing back from the walls. Allowing the other guests a good view of what was happening inside the anteroom. Harry could not suppress a proud smile.
Blaise was lounging on the piano bench, occasionally playing a key, while watching the other inhabitants of the room in various states of copulation. The Death Eaters had clearly underestimated him. Overcharged, Blaise had not had any problems to light up their desires and push enough force into it to nurture them into bonfires. Two Ladies were rolling on the floor. McNair and McGregor were fucking on the sofa. Several other pairs, not those who had entered the ball together, engaged in copulation in various stages of undress. For several moments, the monochrome trio stood just beyond the entrance. Then Harry offered one word, loud enough for all to hear, "Good."
When he held out his hand for Blaise, the Slytherin rose, straightened his attire, was guided into a slow waltz. Ron and Hermione remained vigilant, watching the couples, taking vindictive pleasure in their embarrassment. Only after the room was empty did they join Harry and Blaise on the dancefloor, once again making a spectacle of themselves on opposite sides of the room by moving through the exact same steps. Whispers surrounded them now. This would be the scandal everyone remembered.
Tom had been prepared to indulge his Horcrux tonight. He had studied the young Malfoy heir, as he got green with jealousy over all the attention his equal was receiving. Two dances later, he joined them, claiming Harry's as his partner. Barty chose Ron and Severus requested a dance from Hermione. After that, they crashed a conversation between Lucius and Cornelius Fudge. The Lord was apparently irked that his master planned to leave the ball so early. The Dark Lord merely stated, "Since a few of your guests decided to entertain themselves with my equal's chosen follower, it is safe to say that I wish not to dwell in such lewd company."
Harry gave a half-bow, "Lord Malfoy, it was an … interesting evening."
He then bowed properly before Narcissa, who hovered at the side, indicating a kiss on her hand. "Lady Malfoy, thank you for the invitation."
The group left the ball the same way they had come, the trio in perfect synch. Blaise was the only noticeable difference. Instead of following Severus, he walked in the centre of the monochrome trio. This evening would surely leave an impression.
Once they were back at Peverell Manor, Belladonna popped up, "Snacks have been prepared in the winter garden, Sirs and Lady."
"Excellent," Tom sighed. "I'm famished."
Grinning, Ron followed the Dark Lord, gaping at the buffet that was laid out for them. "I so love your house-elves, Sir." Before starting to fill three plates.
Hermione sank onto a sofa, groaning blissfully, when Harry went down on his knees, taking off her shoes. Her pain had been more distracting for Ron and himself than it had ever been for her. Heels hurt; that was a simple fact of life, no need to be bothered. He settled on the floor, leaning back against the sofa, when Ron came over and claimed the seat beside Hermione, handing over one plate each. Barty served drinks and food for himself and the Dark Lord before relaxing into an armchair next to Tom.
Severus was the last to help himself before claiming a place next to the Gryffindor trio. He was still surprised how relaxed he could feel, despite Barty and Lord Voldemort being in the same room. Blaise seemed unsure of where he fitted into this. Finally, he probed, "You were testing me tonight." The little snake had caught on. Helping himself to some food, he took the proffered seat, waiting for Harry to speak.
"Course we did," Harry swallowed a bite before setting his half-filled plate aside. "What use would I have for a follower who can't hold his own?"
"So, you were prepared for them to attack or rape me? And you would have just considered it me failing your test?" The Slytherin spat out.
"Yes," the young man replied drily. "That's why a monitoring charm was woven into your mask. Had you become seriously distressed, I would have been notified."
"What?"
Hermione summoned Blaise's mask from the dresser. She then turned it around and pointed at a dark rune in the middle of the forehead. "It's a parsel-rune, kind of a mood-ring that relates your feelings to Harry."
Inspecting the mask, the Slytherin sagged ever so slightly. "So, you didn't leave me alone." Why did he feel like crying suddenly? He had always been self-sufficient; his mother would have never allowed for anything less. With his nature, he could not form bonds beyond friendship, and even that was hard at times. ‘Friends' usually couldn't understand why he got needy at irregular intervals. A tiny part of him had wanted to believe that Harry, with all his power and his overwhelming presence, was different. That the fellow student could actually care about Blaise. To now have proof was … overwhelming.
Looking up from the floor, Harry took his time with the answer. This was hard for Blaise. They all could see it, so he gave the Slytherin time to compose himself. He looked at Tom, unsure if it was wise to reveal the full extent of their plan. His equal nodded. "For the duration of these holidays, you are under my protection. That's not limited to satiating your hunger."
"What about after?" Blaise whispered.
"What I have told you, Mr. Zabini?" Severus stated calmly.
"It's my choice."
"Always has been. Always will be," Harry confirmed. "I punished you because you broke the rules. Now, you know what to expect in a worst-case scenario. So, do you want to go back or forward?"
"You can't let me go back. I know too much."
Chuckling, Hermione piped up, ">Three may keep a secret if two of them are dead.< What's happening here is very much not a secret."
Blaise swallowed compulsively. Despite her addon, the Gryffindor witch sounded vaguely threatening.
"Benjamin Franklin," Ron shot out. "Who's Benjamin Franklin?"
"American president," Harry replied, absent-minded, "Not the point. The point is, as Hermione's said, this," he gestured around the room, "is not a secret. First, because there are already several people in the known, and second, Severus gave you a potion before you flooed over. Tom could obliviate you, and you would not remember a single thing about these holidays. We would make you think that you've gotten food poisoning. You would wake-up in the Slytherin dorm tomorrow, feeling fine, being none the wiser."
The Slytherin shook his head. "It can't be that easy."
"That potion is very complex," The Potion Master snapped, insulted at someone belittling his art. "But it will serve its purpose. For you, it will be just that easy, Mr. Zabini."
"And if … if I don't want that?"
"Then you must choose me, Blaise. But that's a one-way street. No second guesses."
Defiantly, the young man challenged, "Like it is for Professor Snape and Ron and Hermione."
Feeling his friends' hands on his shoulders, Harry looked at his advisor before shaking his head. "No, for Severus, Ron and Hermione, there never really was a choice."
Licking his lips, the young Slytherin turned towards the Dark Lord, "Since you can obliviate me, there seems no harm in asking: What are your plans, Milord?"
Grinning, Lord Voldemort challenged, "Shouldn't you ask Harry? He's the one who offers you a place in his circle."
"No, Sir. Harry and you are one and the same in this. What you want, he wants and vice versa. So, I would like to know about your plans. I will only make an informed decision."
Looking at his equal, the Dark Lord tilted his head, "Very well …," Then he started to explain. About the threat of the muggles. About the need for secrecy to protect their world. About the need to change their system from within, rather than overthrowing it, risking all-out war.
It was so different from everything that the young Slytherin had learned about Lord Voldemort and the first wizarding war that he asked flabbergasted after nearly an hour, "What happened to you? Why all the fighting and destruction and carnage? There are far easier ways to achieve your goals through political and social means than through bloodshed."
"That, young snake, is none of your business." The Lord replied coldly.
When Blaise looked at Harry, the young man shook his head, "His words are mine and vice versa. You were right; we are one. Now you have to decide: are you in or out?"
Looking at the people who were lounging in the candle-lit room, entirely at ease with each other, the young Slytherin realised that they would change the world. His family had always stayed neutral. His mother was determined that with their creature-inheritance, they could not afford to draw attention to themselves. But Blaise did not want to stand at the sideline any longer. Tonight, he had helped Harry. He had contributed, not merely received charity! Lord Voldemort's plans were ambitious but necessary for the survival of their race. Muggles were a danger to their world, and wizards had become so very careless. So, the young Italian nodded and asked, "What do I have to do?"
Looking at his advisor, Harry let Severus give the command, "Undress."
"Here?"
"Do you wish for Tom and Barty to leave?" Harry mocked.
Another test. For a heartbeat, the young Slytherin hesitated, then he started to unbutton his robes. Within a minute, he was naked, trembling in the middle of the room, barely refraining from covering himself. That would not do. He was an incubus. His body was created to entice. He had nothing to be ashamed of.
"Where do you want your mark?"
Hermione and Ron had risen as well, flanking Harry once again. Blaise fought with himself not to take a step back when the trio started circling him like a pride on the hunt. He had to clear his throat before he demanded to know, "What will it be? The mark, I mean."
Chuckling, the other wizard shared, "It's different for every follower. Something that suits them specifically."
"And what suits me?"
"Wings," Hermione spoke, and big, callused hands brushed over his back. Ron emphasised, "White demon-wings, right here."
They were now at his back – another set of hands, fingertips brushed over his spine. "Left and right of your spine, indicating the shape of lightning bolts," a whisper of touch went down his spine. "Sharp … like wings of a demon, covering your entire back." Leaning closer, Blaise could feel the heat of another body. Sweet words caressed his ears and made him shiver. "You will look absolutely gorgeous, my little snake."
 
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Christmas was a quiet affair. Ron and Hermione had to return to their parents. Both were sent on their way with presents in sealed bags that would not open until the 25th. Ron had growled but inevitably accepted that he had to return to the Burrow. With Bill around, it would be tolerable. At least his brother had an inkling of what was going on. Maybe he could even update Ron on the Order's plans. Hermione … her parents knew too little to be a concern. It would give her the chance to recharge and recuperate after the last few months. They agreed to come together again on January the 1st.
On the 24th, Blaise had the time of his life. Harry had commandeered the kitchen, charging him and Barty, as well as the elves, with various tasks throughout the day. Together, they created the most delicious Christmas dinner. Even the Dark Lord peeked into the room on occasion but was quickly shoved out after tasting the dishes three times in a row. The feast was mouth-watering. Blaise seemed embarrassed when he was offered a present just like everybody else. He had not had the chance to return the favour, but Harry convinced him that spending time with his family and friends was the best present for him. Blaise, having chosen him, was enough. The Slytherin could not help but smile when he opened his box. Inside was a shimmering, black pendant. Melanite formed into a snake that was biting the silver chain. It could go around his neck, sitting just below the hollow of his throat. Inspecting the jewellery, Blaise noticed that the underside of the snake's head held the same symbol that had been engraved into his mask the day of the Yule-ball. He put it on immediately.

The sun had barely risen when Tom entered the breakfast room. As expected, Harry sat curled up on one of the window-seats, a steaming cup of tea in hand. Stepping up to him, the Dark Lord caressed his equal's head. "Are you sure that you want to go?"
"He's my godfather. I can't let him celebrate Christmas alone."
"First of all," the older wizard lectured, "a member of the Black family should celebrate Yule and not Christmas. And second, you could always bring him here."
Shaking his head, Harry took a sip of his tea. "He's not ready for that. You … you killed his best friend after recruiting another. I can't see that going over particularly well. For once, I don't want added drama to my holidays. Just to spend time with my family." When Tom stepped closer, he leaned against the taller man. "I have a present for you."
"I know."
"Stay out of my head!"
Chuckling, Tom nudged him, "You've been excited about this for two days. You should practice your occlumency if you don't want me to peek."
Grumbling, Harry pulled a small packet out of his trousers and enlarged it. He smiled when Tom opened it eagerly. "So, you don't know what it is."
Glowering at the younger man, the wizard unwrapped the book and started to read the summary. ">Drawn from 3,000 years of the history of power, this is the definitive guide to help readers achieve for themselves what Queen Elizabeth I, Henry Kissinger, Louis XIV and Machiavelli learnt the hard way. Law 1: Never outshine the master. Law 2: Never put too much trust in friends; learn how to use enemies. Law 3: Conceal your intentions. Law 4: Always say less than necessary.< You bought me a book about how to manipulate people? Don't you think that I'm an expert, already?"
"To be honest, no." Harry shook his head. "You entice and promise. But in the past, you've mainly ruled through fear and terror. If we want to go the social and political route, we must do better than that. The muggle way is more subtle. It doesn't rely on magic. I think you could learn a great deal from this, Robert Greene."
Deadpanned, the Dark Lord challenged, "You want me to act like a muggle."
Smiling like a snake, his equal corrected, "No, I want you to manipulate like one."
Tilting his head, Tom brushed over the cover. "I will read this with great interest." Then he pulled out a small, rectangular package and enlarged it in Harry's lap. "Now, open mine."
With wide eyes, Harry looked up, "You … you didn't have to. I didn't expect …"
Caressing the young man's neck, the older wizard whispered, "We never do because life taught us not to expect anything. That makes the presents we receive even more precious."
Reverently, pulling the matt silver paper, Harry revealed a wooden body with a single drawer. The top was smooth, and the edges carved with intricate knotted designs. The wood was polished to a shine. When he pulled out the drawer, there were two small compartments. One held a beautiful black raven-feather quill, self-inking from the looks of it. Beside it was a small and sealed part. The central part of the drawer behind it was empty. "It's beautiful! It's like a mobile desk, right?"
Tom tilted his head. "Yes and no. While it can be used that way, that is not the main purpose." With a spell, he opened the sealed compartment. "This is floo powder. If you put correspondence in the big drawer and sprinkle floo-powder over it, it will send the items, letters, scrolls to the address you specify. I have a similar box that can be reached by using >Marvolo Riddle<."
"You use your father's name as your mail address?"
"Harry, there are three people on this entire planet who know about this box. My former Gringotts account manager. My current Gringotts account manager."
"And me," the young man concluded. "So, this is for general communication with Gringotts?"
"Most Lords of 'old' families prefer to conduct their business as privately as possible." Tom shared. "They don't even make each other aware of those direct lines of communication. This box is certainly more secure than an owl."
Carefully, Harry set the box aside and hugged Tom. "Thank you."
"You are welcome, *my Horcrux*, but now you should leave. I am sure your godfather is already expecting you."
Sirius would not expect him since he was not aware that Harry planned on visiting. So, the young man collected a sobering and hangover-potion from the kitchens and flood out. He hoped to be able to spread more doubt in Sirius' mind about Dumbledore's ways. Maybe, around Easter, he could finally bring him home.

Harry star-fished in the middle of their lounge the moment he passed through the floo in the evening. Time with Sirius was in equal parts fun and stressful. Being a Black-family member made him prone to mental instability. His twelve-year stint in Azkaban had done little to improve his faculties. However, the mind-healer Andromeda had found seemed to be helping. Sirius had gained weight since Halloween, and his eyes looked less haunted. But their conversation had made it clear that the man still had a long way to go. Also, all subtle probing of Dumbledore's questionable methods had fallen on deaf ears.
So, Harry had left his godfather with a book about muggle developments over the last five decades and then returned home. The volume had looked entertaining, but no amount of glossy presentation could tidy over the weapons of mass destruction and surveillance systems it spoke about. Muggles truly were a paranoid bunch, setting up cameras on every corner. Harry hoped that this literature would open his godfather's eyes to the dangers that surrounded their society. If not … No! He did not want to think about worst-case scenarios. At least not today. Sirius Black had been his father's best friend and a good friend of his mother. He would try to pull him out of the headmaster's clutches, and then he would get at least a tiny part of his family back!
When the door to the garden opened, Harry heard Severus enter. The smooth, inconspicuous gait of the former spy was a dead give-away. It seemed that the man had used the relatively mild December night for a walk. Folding his hands behind his back, the Potion Master seemed to fight with himself for a few moments before he cleared his throat. "Thank you for the book. And the ingredients."
Holding out his hand, so Severus could help him up, Harry offered a brief hug, where he smiled in the older man's chest. He was well aware that his present would make Severus uncomfortable, but not to the extent of even consider giving it back. The Potions Book had come directly out of Salazar Slytherin's library in the Chamber. Harry had practised the Gemini charm over and over and over again until Hermione had confirmed that he could do it perfectly. Then they had gone over the recipes, and Harry had ordered ingredients from all over the world. He had wanted to give Severus the chance to try a few of the forgotten potions. They were either too exotic or too old to rely on 'standard' ingredients. Conspiring with Lily, Harry had asked her to place the journal in Severus kitchen and spread the ingredients over his worktop in the lab. He doubted that the Potion Master had left his lab since breakfast.
"You are welcome." Harry tilted his head. "Let's eat. Sirius only had ingredients for macaroni and cheese and copious amounts of beer and fire-whiskey."
Severus sneered but knew better than to comment. Harry appreciated it. No matter how little his first advisor liked it, he would not give up on his godfather!
Dinner was cheerful, though far less elaborate than the day before. Barty excitedly shared his newfound knowledge of manipulative curses, while Tom parried the magic with 'muggle' means of manipulation. It seemed that offering books for Christmas had been a good idea all around. At ten, Ron and Hermione flood in to share a night-cap with them. The four students entertained themselves with Exploding Snap in the middle of the floor, scorching not only their cards but also the light-yellow carpet they were sitting on. After the second explosion, Tom had growled and woven a protective charm into the fabric. Yet, the teenagers were having too much fun for him to tell them off.

The day after the New Year, Harry was walking down a non-descriptive street on his way to St. Mungos. His Potion Master had received a request for a special brew, and since Harry had wanted to stock up on a few things before departing for Hogwarts, he had offered to deliver the potions after he had done his shopping. With a parsel notice-me-not charm, it was nice to be out without becoming the centre of attention. Though, a tiny part of him reminded him that with Tom, it would have been more fun. His soulmate was busy, so Harry had been sent out with Barty as a watchdog. At the hospital, a frazzled witch had signed for the potions, but before the young man could depart, his former professor Lockhart had engaged him in a conversation. Before Harry knew it, he followed the man into the building, watching patients, visitors, and staff alike who studied the photos the former professor's handed out liberally.
Barty's chuckle drew his attention. There was a familiar maniac gleam in the Death Eater's eyes when he studied the nameplate on a door.
"What is it?"
"Longbottom. I remember two of them. Terrible nuisances. They hurt master during a raid. The Lestranges and I cornered them after. They got what they deserved." He licked his lip excitedly. "I wonder if the people here are related to them."
Dreading what he was about to discover, he had learned about Neville's parents' fate by mere hearsay, Harry turned towards the door. And really, there was Neville, standing small beside his grandmother, hesitantly reaching out … touching a woman who … oh god! Harry flinched back when his fellow Gryffindor left the room, brushing away tears. Tom's magic was strong enough to conceal him. At least if he didn't draw attention to himself. But seeing his friend like this. "Neville?"
The young man flinched, turning towards him. "Oh, Harry, I … I didn't expect you here. Are you okay?"
"Yes, I … it doesn't matter." Reaching out, he hesitantly rubbed Neville's arm. "What about you?"
Looking at the candy wrapper, Neville pressed his lips together and shook his head. "No, I … Gran and I were just visiting my parents." Swallowing thickly, Harry looked over their shoulders into the room where Augusta Longbottom was still talking to her son. She acted as if the man could do more than just sit there and tap the tray in front of him with a spoon. Seeing Neville like this; knowing that your parents were alive but unreachable; tore Harry's heart. He wanted to make it better, but these two would suffer for the rest of their lives. All thanks to a megalomaniac maniac with delusions of grandeur and followers with more devotion than sense. "Do you … do you maybe want to introduce me? I mean, we've shared a dorm for four years. Maybe your parents would like to get to know one of your friends."
It got even worse when Harry got the chance to meet Alice and Frank Longbottom face to face. When he really learned what had happened. With Harry by his side, Neville seemed to gather some courage. He told his parents about Hogwarts, the greenhouses and how much he enjoyed herbology. Though his grandmother apparently wanted to direct the conversation into another direction – his low grades in Defence or his lack of skill in Potions – Harry made an effort to only praise his fellow students' accomplishments instead of allowing his only sentient family to tear him down. When they turned to leave, Harry bid Augusta a proper goodbye, as was suitable for a Lady of her standing. She seemed to like that and offered an invitation to Longbottom Manor in return.
Once Neville and Augusta were gone, he went to look for Barty, inwardly seething. When he found the Death Eater, toying with Lockhart, he clamped down on his arm and dragged him into the room of the Longbottoms. Angrily, he growled, "Tell me … look at them and tell me that whatever they did to your master is worth existing like that!"
Obviously lost, the Death Eater licked his lips nervously and turned his gaze from the Longbottoms to Harry and back again. It was clear that he had not known the consequences of their retaliation. But he was too lost in his mindset to understand the gravity and injustice of what he had done. Pushing him away harshly, Harry ordered, "Get out of my eyes!"
"But Tom … Master told me explicitly to not leave you alone!"
Emerald eyes gleaming hard and cold, Harry let his wand fall into his hand. "Tough luck, Bartemius. Think about who is more likely to make you suffer right now and then make a choice whom to obey."
After the man had fled, he soothed a frantic Frank Longbottom. Apparently, a small part of the man was still there. He had gotten distressed the moment Barty had entered. He had even shifted to cover his wife with his body. Maybe not all was lost. Casting a diagnostic spell in parseltongue, Harry learned that Alice and Frank Longbottom were basically healthy. So, there were no physical consequences of their torture. The question was, was there ever a chance to heal the damage that had been done to their minds?

Harry divided his time between the library and the attic for the rest of the holidays, conversing with teenage-Tom. He needed to know if there was a chance to help Neville's parents. In the end, neither of them could find even a hint of a cure. The day before Harry was meant to depart, Tom called him to his office.
"Barty is miserable, you know."
"Good," Harry spat out vindictively. He had avoided the man as much as possible, unsure if he would be able to keep himself from hurting him if in the same room. Since Barty was Tom's … partner … lover … whatever, the young man thought restraint was advisable. He was angry, but not enough to hurt Tom. To Lord Voldemort, Frank and Alice Longbottom had been of no consequence once he had chosen baby Harry as the prophecy child. He still did not know how to feel about that and was too scared to discuss it. It was far easier to let the past rest than to face up to the horrors his soulmate had committed.
He resisted for a heartbeat when Tom guided up his chin, so their eyes could meet. "I did not order the hit on the Longbottoms. But I didn't condemn it either."
"Please, don't," Harry whispered, clutching his soulmate's arms. "This is all so messed up. I don't want to … I can't … fuck."
"How eloquent you are, *my Horcrux*." The man pulled him close. "I understand that you are angry on your friend's behalf. But instead of gripping about the past, you should try to find a solution."
"I tried," Harry mumbled against Tom's chest. "There seems to be no counter-curse for Cruciatus induced insanity."
"Maybe," the older wizard whispered, "you've been looking in the wrong place." He then pulled a slim book from his robes and handed it over. It was written in strange lines, parsel, Harry identified after a moment. "I'm not saying that this is a solution, but it might offer a clue."
"What … where did you get that?" Pulling back, Harry immediately started to leave through the volume. It was a book on mind-magics, an abbreviation of the obliviate spell as far as he could see. "You want to erase their memories since before the spell?"
"No, Harry, you want to change their memories, so the pain of the spell is no longer the most prominent thing on their minds. It's a complicated ritual. One that needs an anchor that would make them want to come out of their mental hiding. It's not easy and certainly not without risk, but it can be done."
"Where did you find this?"
Shrugging, Tom claimed the sofa and made an inviting gesture. "When you talked about Neville at Christmas, I started searching. I knew that I've read something about trauma healing at one point. I merely needed time to recall where."
For several long moments, nobody said a word. Then Harry made a choice. "I will look into this, but I won't force Neville to join me, just to heal his parents."
"It is not smart to forgo a good argument like this." The Dark Lord berated.
Yet, Harry shrugged. "Maybe, I still won't do it."
With a small smile, Tom nodded, "I know. Now go to bed. You have a long day ahead of you tomorrow."

Harry and Blaise were about to depart, for Kings Cross, when Barty slipped into the room. Before Harry could leave, the Death Eater reached for his arm. Severus was tensing, but the teenager shook his head. "What is it, Bartemius?" He asked coldly.
Flinching, the other looked down, licking his lips several times in quick succession. "I am … I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry. About … about what happened to your friend's parents."
"Really?" Harry raised his eyebrows.
"Yes," the Death Eater nodded empathically.
Shrugging, the Dark Lord's equal, pulled away his arm. "That's nice." Yet, when Barty looked up, Harry's eyes were hard and unforgiving. "The problem is: I don't believe you." Then he apparated away.

When he stepped up to Blaise, his follower wanted to know, "What kept you?"
"Teaching."
"What did you teach?"
"A lesson in humility."
Sighing, the Italian led them through the hustle and bustle on the platform until they reached the train. Once they were safe in a compartment, he cautioned, "I am not sure that you can teach Barty that particular lesson since - from his point of view - he did nothing wrong."
Coldly, Harry replied, "Well, then maybe he should adapt his point of view! Even our enemies are human! Nobody deserves to suffer like that."
Not wanting to go into this, Blaise reminded him, "If you can find a cure for the Longbottoms, you might revolutionise mind-healing. Many have suffered trauma that made them neigh unresponsive. You could help many people if you succeed with them." He gestured to Ron and Hermione when they passed their compartment.
With a small smile, Harry offered, "I am glad that I have found someone who can see the bigger picture."
The incubus purred at the compliment. "Always a pleasure, Harry." Forcing a laugh from the other. "You're impossible!"
"And you would not have me any other way."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    After the welcoming feast, Harry was called to Dumbledore's office. Thanks to their combined forces, his occlumency shields were strong enough to convince the headmaster that he had really spent the holidays with Sirius. However, they all grew irritated when the man continued to prod and probe to discover his godfather's whereabouts. Harry was determined to keep Sirius as far away from Dumbledore as possible. It was bad enough that the Order meetings were held at Grimmauld Place, where the Black heir had no choice but to attend.During their conversations on Christmas day, Harry had sometimes felt as if Sirius was clinging to the headmaster because he was the last authority figure who would tell him that he was 'good'. The teenager suspected that, if he were as talented with the mind-arts as his first advisor, he would discover a whole lot of guilt in Sirius. Guilt, the man, did not know how to deal with. So, what better way than to follow the guidance of someone undisputedly 'good'. Regrettably, his godfather was not up to date on the facts. Well, they would get him there. Maybe it was childish, but Harry wanted Sirius on his side. And as long as Dumbledore regularly got the chance to dribble poison into his ears, the harder it would be for him to convince the man that he and Tom were … no, had to be, the winning side in this war.
Breakfast was in full swing when Harry entered the great hall a week later. There was palpable tension in the air, but he was too tired to care before his first cup of tea. Slipping into his seat next to his friends, Harry started to fill his plate when he noticed Neville toppling his goblet, two seats down. Hermione gasping beside him, drew his attention. Without a word, his friends shoved over the Daily Prophet. At the exact moment, a head-splitting headache made him nearly vomit. Curling into himself, he felt Ron and Hermione accessing his mind, strengthening his shields against Tom's overwhelming anger."I have to go," Harry forced out from behind clenched teeth. Looking up, he searched for Snape at the head table. The professor looked up from his own copy of the prophet, eyes wide in an ashen face. This was bad. The young man gestured towards the entrance hall, and Severus gave a slight nod, hissing and clutching his left arm to his chest. "I need …""I've got you," Ron assured him and before making a plate explode, right in front of the twins' faces. The predictable mayhem provided enough distraction to cover Harry's departure. He was racing to the ward-line, Severus hot on his heels.‘We'll stay here and cover for you,' Ron thought, making sure that the commotion would not abate in the next few minutes. Hermione added, ‘We'll tell the headmaster the truth, that Voldemort is furious and that you were incapacitated because of it. We'll insinuate that we brought you back to the dorms.'Harry nodded grimly and sent a feeling of gratitude through the bond. His thoughts were racing. Despite his best friends' assistance, he could feel Tom's rage battering at their shields. He was already at the ward-line when Severus' hand clamped down on his arm hard, preventing him from leaving."Let go of me!" He snarled, but his advisor looked unimpressed."He's not at home?""Malfoy Manor, I think.""Lily!" As soon as the elf popped up, Severus ordered, "Mask and robe for your master." With a snap of her fingers, the concealment washed over Harry. "Malfoy Manor is heavily warded. You can't just apparate in.""I can. A part of me is already inside." Then he was gone.With a sigh, Severus conjured his own robe and mask and followed.
Tom's white-hot fury got harder to bear the closer Harry got. He had chosen an apparition point as close to his soulmate as possible. Currently, Lord Voldemort was tossing out Cruciatus Curses like candy. Half of his Inner Circle was already on the floor. With a sigh, the Horcrux fought through the anger and stepped in front of him. *You'll gain nothing if you destroy your Inner Circle.*He noticed Nagini in a corner and wondered why Tom had brought her. Maybe he had expected her to feast. It was always deeply unsettling to watch the Dark Lord's familiar swallow a man whole. He did not flinch when Tom hissed furiously, *They staged a mass breakout from Azkaban! How can I work with such IDIOTS? They basically destroy all of our attempts at subtlety, and worst of all: They went behind my back!**I know,* Harry hissed, pressing both palms against the other's chest to give him an anchor. *Tom, I know. This puts us at a severe disadvantage. But you can't just torture all of them to insanity. At least find the ones responsible and make an example out of them.*
  *If I enter their minds now, I will tear them apart!*
A reasonable concern. Harry smiled coldly when Severus entered. *Then don't do it yourself.*Lord Voldemort sneered, following Harry's line of sight, *You expect me to believe a single word out of that traitor's mouth?*Harry removed his mask with his back to the Death Eaters who sat or lay around the table. Calm, emerald eyes bore into incensed red ones. Still, Harry met them calmly. Softly he replied, *No, Tom. I expect you to believe me.*Something eased in the Dark Lord. Enough for Harry to gently push Ron and Hermione out of his mind. Being linked took something out of them. Not much, they had trained too hard for that, but it was a strain in a crisis. His friends needed to concentrate on covering for him at Hogwarts. Opening his mind, allowing Tom to see the connection he had to Severus. After a moment of hesitation, the older wizard nodded. "Let's try this your way then." He reached for Harry's mask and gently put it back on his face. Then he turned towards Severus. "Find me those responsible!" He glared at his Death Eaters, ordering them wordlessly to cooperate or else.After a confirming look from his master, Severus approached the Death Eaters.Since a dozen people were present, Lord Voldemort claimed a seat. Harry remained standing at his back, a hand on his soulmate's shoulder, should Tom get too impatient or curse-happy again. More than two hours later, Severus stood at the side, swaying slightly. He might be the best Leglimens after Dumbledore, but mind-magic still took a lot out of a person, even with his master fueling him. Slowly, the Dark Lord rose and circled the table. "Tell me!""Thomas Wilkes.""Francis Mulciber.""Antonin Dolohov."Wilkes fell victim to a cutting curse to his neck.Mulciber whittled on the floor, his entrails spilling around him.Dolohov choked on his own tongue since he had gotten up and tried to defend their actions."Leave." Voldemort offered silkily when Severus seemed to be finished. "I will deal with the rest of you later."Only Lucius and Narcissa remained. It was their house, after all. Tom had nearly completed the circle when Harry spoke up unexpectedly. His voice was cold and with a note of warning. "Chose your next words very carefully, Severus."The man in questions shivered at the tone and closed his eyes against the pained whimper from Narcissa. "Lucius Malfoy.""Av…!""NO!" Severus desperately rushed forward to shield his friend with his body. Lucius had jumped back and now stood frozen behind him, barely daring to breathe.A heartbeat passed, where nobody knew how to react. Than Voldemort cast, "Crucio!"The all-encompassing pain sent Severus to his knees instantly. Having exhausted himself, he had no strength to resist the curse. Harry had closed their connection. When he choked on a sob, Harry softly pulled down the Dark Lord's arm, ending the curse. Severus was trembling all over as the pain ceased. Behind him, he heard Lucius take a step forward. Yet Voldemort stopped him before the Lord could reach his friend. Severus couldn't hold it against him, though he would have appreciated the support. Slowly lifted his head, he looked at his former and current master. They towered over him like vengeful gods. Once more, the similarity between them took his breath away. He fought not to flinch when Voldemort gripped his hair and pulled him up. Red eyes burned into him. "No matter how much *my Horcrux* values you, if you ever do something like this again, his sympathy won't save you."When he was pushed away, Severus swayed on his knees. Only with effort was he able to get up from the floor. He had been ready for the Dark Lord's anger. However, he froze when Harry ordered icily, "Go home until I come for you."Obviously, his new master was as displeased with him as the Dark Lord. "Yes, master," he whispered, then limped out of the room.
After a sigh, Tom prompted, *I assume Lucius can still be useful. I will educate him on the consequences of going behind my back. You can return to Hogwarts.* Harry was nearly at the door when he heard a mumbled, *Thank you.**Any time.* Harry nodded. In the next room, the young man started to rub his pounding head. God, he felt drained, and it was not even lunchtime. Harry took a moment to watch the white peacocks prancing around the garden. He needed but a few moments of quiet before apparating back to Hogwarts. When he heard the door, he identified Lady Malfoy by her reflection in the window.As soon as Narcissa noticed his attention, she gracefully sank to her knees and, with an open gesture, requested, "I request the honour of becoming one of your followers, Milord."The laugh that action startled out of Harry was more like a bark. He claimed one of the armchairs and took his time to look at her. When he didn't comment, she spoke once more. "My husband works at the Ministry, yet I could support your cause with the high society. I am well acquainted with the majority of the sacred families, and they trust my judgement. I could be a valuable asset.""And what would you expect in return?""Merely the honour of serving you, my Lord."She was good, so good in fact that Harry was sure that a few months ago, he would have bought it. But ever since the ritual last summer, he had learned, not only from Tom and Barty but from the teenager inside his mind. Even at Hogwarts, Tom Riddle had been well versed in power-play. Now it was time for him to join the game. "You have no idea who I am, yet you presume to be familiar with my agenda?"Slowly lifting her head, meeting the mask's black eyes, Narcissa rose. Once she stood tall, she contradicted, "It does not matter."He merely looked at her. Having seen Tom interrogate with silence, Harry was still surprised how well it worked. After but a few minutes, the Lady explained, "I can be an asset, further your agenda, dependant or independently from Lord … Lord Voldemort's."Shaking his head, the Dark Lord's equal replied, "Lady Malfoy, I respect your offer and understand your motives. You are an intelligent woman who knows how to play to her strengths. However, the criteria for my followers are vastly different from my Lord's. I understand that you try to buy safety for your husband. But I am not the person to grant it. First, because I couldn't care less about Lucius. Second, all influence I have I use in furthering our agenda. As long as your husband is useful to us, he will survive. He might be hurt, injured even if he continues his idiocy, but at least his life will be spared. If you want to help Lucius, bring him to heel. Make him think with his brain and not with his cock, because this dick waving contest he has going on with the other Death Eater's won't end in his favour."For a minute, the Lady said nothing. Maybe his crude language had shocked her. But then she inquired quietly, "Will you punish Severus?""Yes."Pressing her lips together, the witch seemed ready to protest. Yet, in the end, she merely nodded. Smart girl. So, Harry was willing to throw her a bone. "I will punish him. I won't harm him.""Thank you, Milord." She nodded. After a heartbeat, she left.
When he heard the door open again, Harry closed his eyes with a sigh. Would this day never end? When he looked up, it was Tom. Immediately, he relaxed until he noticed that his soulmate looked as drained as Harry felt. Meeting in the middle of the room, they wrapped around each other, the parts of Tom's soul finding comfort in proximity. "The escapees are currently residing here. A few healers are working with them. I'll deal with them tomorrow or the day after. Few are in any state to do more than eat and sleep at the moment. We'll see how many can be useful.""After twelve or more years in Azkaban … We need to be cautious. We can't afford any mistakes that support Dumbledore's side. A bunch of rampaging Death Eaters wouldn’t do us any good." Harry shuddered."We'll see."Before Harry could depart for the Cottage by the Sea, the Dark Lord removed his mask, caressing his cheek, "Thank you, Harry. I appreciate your support.""This won't go over well," his Horcrux mumbled. "Neville was barely responsive at breakfast. The backlash of this could set us back months!"With a chuckle, Tom prompted, "Have you talked to Ron again?""No," Harry replied mulishly. "I can understand difficult situations on my own, just fine!""We'll find a way," Tom assured him. "Now go. And make it clear that I won't tolerate defiance from Severus ever again."Eyes lighting up in anger, Harry took a step back. "Believe me, I plan to."
Severus had barely been able to remain on his feet when he arrived home. Hoarsely, he had called for Lily and requested the necessary potions. When the little elf popped in, offering two vials and a small cup with yoghurt and strawberries, the Potion Master took the dish with trembling fingers. He had barely managed to swallow two bites at breakfast, but it would not do to take the potions on an empty stomach. He sank down on the sofa and fell into an uneasy doze.When Harry apparated straight into his living room, he shot up. His body was still healing the nerve-damage, so he swayed but managed to stabilise before he could embarrass himself further. Harry … didn't say a word. After a while, he offered, "Master, I … I can explain.""Really," the young man snapped. With a sharp gesture, he prompted. "Then, please, I would be delighted to hear your explanation why you considered not only lying to Lord Voldemort but to me once you discovered Lucius' involvement in the breakout." Folding his arms behind his back, becoming once again a mirror image of Tom Riddle, Harry just stood there, awaiting his follower's answer.This was bad. Severus swallowed a few times compulsively. Yet before he could offer any reason for his potential betrayal, Harry continued, "Or maybe, you want to explain to me why you chose to step in front of Tom's wand, forcing me to intervene on your behalf and make him look weak in front of his followers?"He hadn't even thought about that. Only about Wilkes, Mulciber and Dolohov, dying within minutes, of being revealed and how he hadn't wanted that for … "Lucius is my friend," he whispered.Coldly, he was informed, "Then remember the next time you chose a friend over your master and your Lord that I might no longer consider you worth protecting from Tom's ire." When Severus looked up, he expected burning fury in Harry's eyes, but contrary to expectations, the young man merely gazing at him with cold indifference. As if he was the last person on this planet he wanted to concern himself with.It cut right through Severus' heart when he was dismissed, "I'll see you during Potions Class on Monday. Go."Evicted from his own home, the older wizard straightened and turned on the spot to return to Hogwarts.--- NaNoWriMo 2020 ---It was barely lunchtime when Harry returned to school. He briefly considered entering the great hall since he hadn't had any breakfast. However, 'Ron will bring you something, Harry, sleep. We can feel your headache and exhaustion through the shields. It's distracting!' Since Hermione's suggestion seemed sensible – as always –Harry pulled off his jumper and crawled into bed. When he woke two hours later, stew under a warming charm stood at his bedside, a thick slice of crispy bread beside it. Devouring the meal, Harry decided to join his friends for the rest of the afternoon. Yet, when he entered the common room, he only found a few Gryffindors lounging around. What caught his attention was Neville, sitting at a desk, staring at nothing. When he put a hand on the boy's shoulder, he barely even flinched. There were an empty scroll and a herbology book beside it. Yet Neville hadn't written a word. Crouching down beside him, Harry noticed his glassy eyes and the far-away look.'I need you. Neville's … not alright!''Infirmary?' Hermione wanted to know.'I'm not sure that this is something Madam Pomfrey can heal. He seems physically fine but not … all there. I can't explain it better. It's as if his mind is far away.'‘Still,' his friend insisted. So Harry crouched down beside Neville. “Hey, Nev, do you think you can follow me?”“Harry?” the other teenager seemed confused. “I … the essay … I …”“It’s okay,” Harry promised, gently taking Neville’s ice-cold hand. “Why don’t we go for a walk, away from these people and all the hustle and bustle. Just the two of us. Alright? You can finish the essay later. After all, Herbology is your favourite subject.”“Oh, … I … sure …”Gently, Harry put Neville's things away and prompted him to follow. It took a while to reach the infirmary since his fellow Gryffindor didn’t seem ready to walk faster than a snail pace. The matron paled when she spotted them. Guiding Neville to a bed, she cast spell after spell. Wrapping his shivering friend into a blanket, Harry gestured Madam Pomfrey to the side. “Have you seen the newspaper today, Madam?”She nodded, “He’s obviously in shock. Some dreamless sleep might help him recover. But I’m not sure how he would wake up. I’m a nurse, not a mind-healer.”Trading a look with Ron and Hermione, who had joined them minutes into the exam, both nodded decisively. Harry closed his eyes and put a hand on his mark. There were two Leglimens at school, and he didn't trust Dumbledore. Neville obviously needed more help than any of them could give him. Leaving him simply wasn’t an option.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Being dismissed by his master had done Severus no good. Even if he had come out of it without being cursed again, he couldn’t grade papers. He should, but he was aware that he would be even more vicious in his comments than usually. So, he let it be. He could brew but wasn't in the right mind for it, either. That left reading to occupy his time, and though Potion's Monthly was usually interesting enough to catch his attention, today, he only stared at the page. There was a tugging at his chest, and he knew it was the mark. Oh, how he longed to follow it and explain himself. He hadn't wanted to betray Harry's trust. But after years under Voldemort's thumb, it was … hard. Lucius was the only friend he had at school, as far as a pureblood could be friends with a half-blood two years below. The thought of 'betraying' him by revealing his involvement had been unfathomable. But of course, his new master had noticed, and he had been punished for his attempted deceit. He wasn't sure what was harder to bear, the Cruciatus from Voldemort or the cold dismissal from Harry.
The tugging grew more insistent, bordering on becoming painful. Only now did Severus realised that he was being summoned. With Voldemort, there had never been any doubt. The Dark Mark's pull like fire in his veins, created to cause suffering, even madness, when a Death Eater resisted. While Harry's mark was not comfortable, it was far from unbearable. Though, just because it didn't hurt did not mean he could effort to ignore it.
Following the pull, he found the three lions in the infirmary, surrounding Longbottom of all people. Harry was crouched down before the teen, rubbing his hands.
“Severus, are you alright?” Poppy wanted to know, having just noticed him entering.
“Yes … no, I … do you have a headache reliever? I’m afraid I’ve overtaxed myself, and I don’t want to brew right now.” Fortunately, this wasn’t even a lie. The mind-magic had taken a lot out of him, and while he always had a few potions in stock, it had happened on rare occasions that he had requested one from the nurse.
“Of course, just a minute.” The matron bustled away.
“Neville has been beside himself since reading the newspaper,” Ron mumbled.
Hermione added, “I’m afraid he has gone into shock.”
His master merely stepped back and gestured towards their fellow Gryffindor. The command was clear. Though this would do nothing for his buddying headache, Severus obediently looked at the boy and cast, “Legilimens.”
After a few minutes, he shook his head to dispel the feelings of fear and despair overwhelming this child. Looking at his master, who stood shoulder to shoulder with his friends, he revealed, “Mr. Longbottom is terrified and does not know how to deal with the situation.”
The trio looked at each other, and from their facial expressions, they entertained a serious discussion. After a few moments, Harry looked at Madam Pomfrey. “Madam, would it help for Neville to go somewhere where he feels safe?”
“Possibly,” the nurse agreed. “But I can’t say for sure. It would be best for him to stay here, at least overnight.”
Brushing away the suggestion, the young man instructed, “Take him to greenhouse one or two, Ron. And don’t take your eyes off him. If you can get him to eat and drink something, that would be brilliant. With your permission, of course,” Harry added as an afterthought.
“The greenhouse would probably be a good idea. But you can’t leave him alone, Mr. Weasley.”
“Of course not,” Ron confirmed, sinking to his knees before Neville, prompting softly. “Neville, hey mate, I know this is scary. I can’t imagine how you feel, but I promise we’ll protect you. Do you remember Fluffy and the Basilisk and the Tournament? Harry and us, we are pros at danger management.”
They counted it as a win when their classmate offered a weak smile.
“So, what do you say, should we lock us into greenhouse two and help with the Leaping Toadstools? I’ve heard that Prof. Sprout is quite unhappy with their handling by the second years.”
“They’re not that hard to handle,” Neville hummed. “You just can’t let them crawl under the garden benches.”
Sharing a smile with his friends, Ron held out his hand. “So, you think we could manage them while Harry and Hermione care about the boring stuff?”
“Boring stuff?”
“You know, research.”
“Oh, Hermione … research … right.” The teenager nodded and took Ron’s hand. Gently the redhead guided him out of the infirmary.
Poppy looked after the two boys with concern. Then she turned towards Hermione and Harry, “And what do you plan to do now?”
Harry smiled brightly at her, “You heard the man: research.”
Yet the nurse blocked his path, “Not so fast. I was told that you keened over at breakfast, Mr. Potter. How could you not come here, immediately?”
The young man shrugged, “Not the first time Voldemort was in my head. I slept it off. Now I’m better.”
“I will be the judge of that.”
Patiently, Harry waited for her to finish her diagnostic. After she had given him a reluctant all clear, he turned towards his friend, “I need to get my book bag from the tower. I’ll meet you at the library.”
Snape could just see them part at the door. He had not even received a lingering glance after fulfilling his task. He forced a smile when Poppy made small talk. After half an hour, he fled back to his cold, empty dungeon quarters.

Hermione’s eyes rose straight to her hairline when Harry started to pull a notebook, a biro, a water bottle, and a small volume out of several compartments of his new bookbag. Noticing her look, the teenager chuckled, "The elves noticed that my bag was falling apart. So, they gave me this for Christmas. It's huge and seems to have a hundred compartments. I can carry the invisibility cloak, the box for messaging Tom and all of my schoolbooks simultaneously. There is even a compartment at the bottom, where I can put in a change of clothes. It's also lightweight and has something like a notice-me-not woven into it. Barty fell over it twice already."
"And by clothes, you mean …"
Looking around, Harry nodded. "Exactly. Better be prepared."
With a small smile, Hermione shook her head. "Anyway. What did you want to research?"
"Alright," erecting a few privacy wards, Harry opened the slim parsel volume. "I want to help Neville's parents. Here's what Tom has found so far …"
After going over what Harry knew, Hermione shook her head. "I don't think that's possible. To cut out one specific memory … that seems ill-advised. This memory tormented them for nearly fifteen years. To simply erase it … you don't know what psychological damage you could cause."
Scratching the back of his neck, Harry tried to come up with a different approach, "What about not erasing it but … encapsulating it? Like with the shields I use against the hor… Tom. As long as they are active, he can't influence me. Maybe if we … I don't know …" Frustrated, he pushed the book away. "Hermione, I don't know! But there has to be a way! This … I can't accept how the Longbottoms are now. I cast diagnostic spells on them. They are physically fine. Sure, they lack muscle mass, but their bodies are okay. Neville has two healthy parents who simply can't be there for him because of what happened."
His friend reached out for him, asking in a severe tone. "Are you doing this to increase your chances of recruiting Neville?"
Looking out of the window, watching the grey January afternoon, Harry admitted, "I would like to say 'no', but honestly, I'm not sure. Tom asked me, and I told him that I would try to help Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom either way, but Neville … he's a great guy. To have him on our side would be an advantage."
'Neville is a walking nightmare in potions. At times he's scared of his own shadow. His magical prowess leaves a lot to be desired. His only talent lies with plants,' Ron summarised what they all knew about their fellow Gryffindor. A harsh statement, but true, nevertheless.
'Yea? Fuck magical prowess!' Harry hissed angrily. 'Nobody deserves to see his parents like this year after year. At least mine are dead. This … this is torture! If we can help them, I want us to try!'
With a soft smile, Hermione nudged him, 'And I was wondering when you would send Tom back into his corner. He's far too calculating for my peace of mind. Let's see if we can make this happen.' And with that, the witch vanished between the bookshelves, finding volumes Harry had most likely never even heard about.
Harry looked after her in honest gratitude and tremendous confusion.
'Your thoughts become cold when you lean towards your Tom's choices,' Ron shared. 'That's a dangerous path to treat on. Especially with Voldemort already being half of your equation.'
'Thank you, guys. I don't know what I would do without you.'

When Ron brought Neville back to the common room that evening, the boy was slightly more responsive. Though he did not engage in conversation on his own, he gave more than monosyllabic answers. The trio counted it as a win.

Severus was watching Harry like a hawk during their following potions lesson. He was looking for any excuse to have him stay behind. However, Hermione, Ron and Harry worked seamlessly together, despite their teacher having separated them at the beginning of the lesson. Once the potions were corked and labelled, Harry made sure that he was the last student to hand over the vial. He looked at his teacher with cold eyes. Then he wordlessly left the room.

After the next DA meeting, Blaise lay at Harry's feet, leafing through a book the Room of Requirement had provided. Harry himself was studying another, though it gave him next to no information on how to alter someone's memory. It spoke of Occlumency as the art of locking away emotions. As if that would help.
"He won't make it another week," Blaise stated, not looking up.
Harry replied evenly, "He'll make it as long as I decide that it takes for the lesson to sink in."
With a sigh, the Slytherin scrambled to his knees and turned towards the Gryffindor. Parting his legs, Blaise kept kneeling between them. Unimpressed, Harry looked up from his book. "Seduction as means of conviction only work if the person you try to seduce is interested, Blaise."
"I'm an incubus," the Slytherin grinned. "Everybody's interested in me." Still, he pulled back the hands he had kept on Harry's knees when his master raised his eyebrows, obediently placing them on his thighs. He did present an alluring picture without even trying. "But that's not the point. Here, this," he gestured between them, "being close to you, seeing, smelling, touching you, it eases me." The Gryffindor dragged his hand through the other's hair, making the incubus purr. "You overloaded me when you were angry with me, but I think you and I know that it would be much harder for me if you withheld your affection."
They did but, "How's that relevant?"
"Harry," Blaise sighed. "You seem to have forgotten that I have spent two weeks at your home. I know Professor Snape, and I have seen that you have 'trained' him to need this as well. You've created a weakness, and now you are exploiting it. If you go too far, stay away too long, he will shut himself off, as to not suffer any longer."
"It's barely been a week."
"Please," the Slytherin insisted quietly, "trust me." Before turning back to his studies.
"Hey," Harry held on to him, keeping him from sinking back to the floor. When the teenager looked up, his master pulled him closer and brushed his lips over his forehead before looking into his eyes. "I trust you, Blaise. Otherwise, you wouldn't carry my wings."
When the Slytherin curled up before him, putting his head into his lap, the Dark Lord's equal wondered how he could not have seen this. Of course, Blaise was a snake, but that did not mean that the boy did not need assurance. Especially since he came from the house, Hogwarts seemed to distrust on principle. Vowing to do better, what use did followers have that did not know their status, Harry pulled the teenager closer and brushed over his hair and the back of his neck, assuring quietly, "You are one of mine, now. And that means my trust is unconditional. That's why Severus is punished. He tried to lie to me. I can't have that."
"He'll do better," the Slytherin championed on his Head of House's behalf. "I know he will if you would just give him a chance."
Tilting the other's head up, Harry wanted to know, "Did he ask you to intervene?"
Chuckling, the Italian shook his head, "He's much too proud for that. But … I've seen him. He's short-tempered, even with the firsties. And even when he apologises for it afterwards – in private, of course – the little ones become scared of him. We need him, Harry. Slytherin House is already in a bad position. Don't make it any harder on us."
"I won't."

Frustrated, Harry shoved the book away. "This is useless!" He growled.
"Just because we have not found the right book yet, does not mean that our research is useless. If there is a solution, we will find it," Hermione replied, determined. True, they had not come across any helpful information for the last week. But that seemed only to spur her on. To his best friend, every question could be answered with the right book. They just had to find it.
"Well, I've had enough," the young man decided. "I'm going to get help."
Looking up from his potion's essay, Ron wanted to know, "And who do you intent to ask? I doubt that Madam Pince would be the right person. She's worked under Dumbledore for more than two decades."
Frowning, their friend pondered that problem. Then he rose, "I need a mirror. Moaning Myrtle's bathroom is just around the corner, isn't it?"
Hermione traded a look with Ron but decided not to ask. She merely pointed towards the door and to the right.
Two girls giggled when he passed them by. After participating in the Triwizard's Tournament, Harry had stopped wondering about these things.

Pacing around the bank of mirrors, Harry huffed, frustrated, "This is entirely useless! How can I help them when I just find a general >memories can be erased even after years< but no guide on finding specific ones?"
The handsome young man in the mirror massaged his temples. "If you would stop pacing, I might be able to concentrate. You are giving me a headache."
Glaring at the other, the Gryffindor contradicted, "You are a soul-shard in my body. How exactly can you get a headache if I don't?" Still, he stopped and sagging against the wall.
"Thank you." Ignoring the question, Tom lectured, "The fact that the books don't give you the right answer could be either because you are asking the wrong questions, or you are consulting the wrong books!"
"The library is vast, but their content on mind-magic is rather limited," Harry shared.
Tilting his head, a crimson gleam in his eyes, teenager-Tom looked around, "Do you know the definition of a fool, Harry? To try the same thing again and again and expect a different outcome."
Following the Horcrux's eyes, Harry brightened. "I am an idiot!"
"If you say so, who am I to contradict you?"
"Shut up!"
"Harry," Tom called him back when he was nearly at the door, "get Severus."
"You too?"
"You've seen him," the other teenager advised, "also, he can help you. Locating the memory will be as important as learning how to remove it."
Pressing his lips together, Harry nodded. Maybe it was time. Seven days could be enough for the lesson to sink in. And if not, he had a direct line to Severus' emotions. He could detect a lie, no matter how subtle. And if his advisor needed another private lesson, …

Saturday morning, the teenager studied the Potion Master during breakfast. The man held himself rigid and straight. However, Harry could see the underlying exhaustion pulling at him. Blaise was right. Severus was at a breaking point. The man had been a spy, hardened by curses and torture. But Harry had decided on a different approach, and now the man was not as resistant any longer, especially not towards psychological torment. He had gone great lengths to meet the man's eyes all through the week, transmitting without a word how disappointed he was. Evidently, the message had been received.
Once again, he looked at his first advisor. As before, Severus met his eyes, not daring to avoid them. This time, however, Harry allowed his gaze to soften. When he gestured towards the hallway, the older man nodded. Dumbledore had noticed their exchange, but apparently, Severus was able to dispel any suspicions. Ten minutes later, they met in the corridor.
"Do you have anything to do that demands your time today?"
Swallowing slowly, the Potion Master shook his head. "Nothing that cannot wait until tomorrow, master."
"Excellent, get your oldest robe and meet me in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom."
Ten minutes later, Severus entered the bathroom with greyed robes that were frayed around the edges.
"Excellent," Harry nodded.
"Would you allow me the question, why we meet in a girl's bathroom?"
Tilting his head, the student looked over his professor's shoulder, "Do you want to answer that, Myrtle?"
But the ghost barely dared to peek over her stall. "No," she whispered. "You're like him. I can feel it. I can see it all over you. You have changed, Harry."
"I have," the teenager confirmed before turning around, hissing at a sink, *Open.*
Gapping, the Potion Master watched the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets being revealed.
"Don't hurt yourself, Severus," Harry grinned. Then he jumped into the hole.

"A basilisk," The Potion Master gasped, nearly choking on his tongue. "it's huge, and it's lying here since …"
"… second year," Harry helped him, already passing the cadaver, heading towards the back.
"This … but … this is worth hundreds of thousands of gallons, possible closer to a million. Do you have any idea how rare basilisk ingredients are? You can't just leave this lying around!"
"Severus," the young man snapped, "I promise, we can harvest all this to your heart's content. But right now, we are here because of Slytherin's Library. Come along. I need your help."
Harry was not sure if Severus looked like Christmas, Easter, and his birthday had come up wrapped in one because of his promise or because he was forgiven. Either way, he would count his blessings when the man hurried after him, awed by the library Salazar Slytherin had hidden in these tunnels. Reverently, Severus brushed over the shelves. Touching the books seemed out of the question. At least until his master explained, "I want to obliviate Frank and Alice Longbottom. I want to make them forget the night they have been tortured to insanity so that Neville can have his parent's back. Tom gave me a book that spoke about selective obliviation. But I can't make heads nor tail of it since it says that it is possible but doesn't give enough instructions as to the how. The Horcrux-Tom suggested this library, and since you are the only expert of the mind-arts I trust, here we are."
The man seemed to sway at that admission. Maybe hearing that Harry was still trusting him was as important to him as Harry. Looking at his master, he admitted quietly, "I never wanted to lie to you. I just … Lucius was my friend, and I saw how the Dark Lord cut down his loyal followers without a thought. I couldn't bear that, I … I am sorry, master. It was never my intention to offer falsehood. I just wanted to save my friend."
"Severus, look at me," Harry commanded, calm and detached. "What did I do on our first night, when Tom broke his promise, implying that I couldn't trust him."
Swallowing heavily, the former spy recalled with horror, "You cut your wrists."
"Shouldn't that tell you how far I am willing to go to hold people to their word? That I simply can't have someone lying to me?"
"It won't happen again," Severus promised. "I will swear an unbreakable vow if you wish, master."
Such vows bound a wizard's magic, sometimes even their lives. Harry shook his life, "If I needed a vow from you, we would have gone about this the wrong way, from the beginning. Tell me you won't lie to me, and I will believe you."
"I won't lie to you ever again!" His advisor promised empathically. And finally, finally, Harry stepped close, wrapping his arms around the other, hugging him. "I won't lie again. I promise. I promise!" Severus whispered over and over into the teenager's hair. For several minutes, Harry allowed that, allowed his follower to draw comfort from their proximity. Only when he felt the man calming down did he pull back and look into the other's eyes. With conviction, he stated, "I believe you."
And with that, the incident was put behind them, and they started to explore Slytherin's library for all texts they could find on trauma healing and altering someone's mind.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Harry and Severus went down into the Chamber every free minute for two weeks. Both for Harry – with the DA – and Severus – with his duties as a Professor and Head of House – free time was in short supply. The research wasn't easy since some of the books in Slytherin's library were written in parseltongue. When they discovered a few Potion Journals, apparently Slytherin had been an avid brewer, Harry thought that Severus would start salivating. But the man kept his composure. Maybe with Tom's help, he could translate one book or the other. If Severus was good. Harry grinned and pulled out the next book of the mind-magic section and deciphered the summary. It wandered onto the mountain of volumes he would have to translate in full.
The basilisk was another thing that took up a lot of their valuable time. Though the Potion Master had not 'insisted' per se, he had strongly suggested stripping the cadaver of useful parts, reasoning that Gringotts would need to access the quality before putting them up for auction. There was more flesh, blood and poison available than Harry would have anticipated, especially after all this time. He could not suppress a shudder when removing the teeth. He kept a finger-long tooth for himself, sealing it in a big vial before hiding it in his seemingly bottomless bag. One could never know.
"I am still amazed that you came out of this fight unharmed," Severus mentioned after a fortnight. The man had started to relax as Harry returned to their easy comradery. Absent-minded, Harry replied, "I didn't. I got poisoned when dealing the killing blow."
A crate of scales slipped out of the Potion Master's fingers. "What?"
Harry turned around, pulling up his left sleeve. "I thought everybody knew. It got me with a tooth when I rammed the Sword of Gryffindor through his skull. Without Fawkes healing me, I would not have survived."
Trembling fingers reached for his arm, inspecting the fading scars. "Basilisk venom and phoenix tears. How are you even alive, you reckless boy?!"
Both noticed the derogatory addressing the moment it had left Severus' mouth. Harry pulled back his arm with a shrug. "Luck, I guess. Let's finish this."
His first advisor, however, hesitated for a bare second before reaching for his shoulder. He allowed himself only a brief touch, still not convinced that he could initiate contact. "I apologise for my harsh words. I am aware that you tried to save Ginevra. You were very brave."
"I was stupid," Harry turned away, staring at the massive statue of Slytherin that had spat out the monster. There were still basins of water surrounding it. He caught the reflection of a seventeen-year-old in one.
'You were twelve years old,' the teenager he had defeated reminded him.
"Still," Harry shook his head. "When we learned of Dumbledore being gone, we went to Lockhart. You can imagine how that went." He snorted. "We should have come to you." He didn't turn around.
Severus was unsure who the young man was talking to. He stepped closer. "I doubt that I could have helped you against a basilisk, though I certainly would have tried. In the end, it will always come down to you against Lord Voldemort. The fates seem to consider the two of you their favourite playthings."
"I'm so tired of all this. Why can't anything ever be easy?"
Stepping closer still, the professor wrapped his arms around Harry from behind. He barely dared to breathe when the young man relaxed against him, seeking comfort. "Just this once, I want to help people instead of being set out to destroy something … or someone."
"We'll find a way," Severus promised, though he had no way of knowing if he could make that promise come true.

Valentine's Day was approaching, when finally, Hermione admitted defeat. Of course, they still had books to study, but while she and Harry might have become quite savvy in mind-magic, parsel, and otherwise, they were no closer to helping Neville's parents. "Maybe you simply can't delete a traumatic memory. I mean, if were that easy, the Janus Thickey Ward would be only half as filled as it is."
Popping a bubble of gum, filling the air between them with green smoke, Ron commented off handily, without looking up from his law-book. "Well, it's not exactly as if you need to remove the memory. Just the negative emotions tied to it."
"Hey, Ron, have you finished your divination homework?" Seamus Finnigan called out from across the room.
The redhead rolled his eyes, "It's tealeaf reading, of course, I did." At the exasperated gesture, he closed his book and joined their year-mate to help him invent dreadful ideas, so Seamus could, for once, score a better grade than A in Divination. The boy had the unfortunate habit of giving every prediction a positive spin.
Hermione and Harry were gapping, starring at the receding back of their friend. "Ron's …"
"… brilliant!" Hermione finished. They looked at each other and then gathered their things to rush out of the room. In a flat run, they reached the first-floor corridor and burst into the bathroom.
*Open* Harry hissed, jumping down as soon as the hole was big enough. Before springing along the gloomy corridors, he merely had the presence of mind to cast a cushioning charm for Hermione.
Hermione froze at the entrance to the actual chamber. He only looked back when he felt her fear mounting. "Hermione? Hey … it's dead, you know. Has been for two years."
Tears sprang into her eyes when she hugged him for all it was worth. "You fought this. It nearly killed you. Oh, Harry."
"Hey … shhh." He soothed, somewhat helpless. "It's okay now. It's over. We have other things to worry about. Okay?"
"I … yes, of course." Resolutely she brushed away her tears. "I'm sorry, I just … nothing Ron and you ever said prepared me for this." Harry merely shrugged. When they passed the cadaver, she wanted to know, "Why is it half-naked?"
"Snape and I are stripping it for parts. The library is through here." He guided her along.
As soon as they had entered Salazar Slytherin's library, Hermione seemed to forget all about the basilisk. With an exciting noise, she started to browse the books, leafing through this and that, taking note of volumes she planned to read.
'Mate, what just happened? It felt like Hermione was exploding with glee.'
'We're in Slytherin's library.'
'Oh,' Ron thought. 'I'll … call you for dinner?'
'Please,' Harry chuckled. 'I doubt we will be able to make it out otherwise. Maybe we will need to carry her out? With the number of books she plans to read, we might even need an elf.'
His friend chuckled mentally. 'I'll be down by seven.'
The boys grinned before Harry turned towards the parsel-section. Emotional Manipulation. It couldn't be that hard, right?

Yes, it could. But for the first time since Christmas, Harry felt cautiously optimistic.
If they could identify the trauma, they might 'mute' the overwhelming terror attached to it. Frank and Alice Longbottom would not 'forget' what had happened per se. They would just stop being terrified of it. If they could come out of it somewhat functional was another question. In the end, it all depended on how much Neville's parents wanted to join the world again.
They should start to think about incentive.

"You are making progress?" Tom asked two days later when meeting Harry in their dreams.
Watching his Horcrux with amusement, the teenager had started to browse the books. As soon as Harry provided the memories of them, the student nodded. "We are. Hermione is cautiously optimistic. But we have to find a way to identify the trauma. From what I've learned, the mind is interconnected, and it can be dangerous to just cut one part out."
"That is true," the Dark Lord admitted. "Usually, I don't care about the damage I cause when looking for information."
Shivering, Harry tried to push the thought of Charity Burbage out of his mind. "You are more of a blunt instrument. I need a scalpel."
"We both know the best candidate for the task. But are you sure that you can trust him?"
"Yes … No … I'm not sure, to be honest." The teenager admitted. "Severus is not entirely convinced that we can help the Longbottoms. I'm afraid he considers this research a waste of time."
Voldemort approached his soulmate and tilted up his head. "No knowledge is ever wasted. If you can't help the Longbottoms, it might prove useful in another way. Don't let him discourage you."
Leaning into the dream-caress, enjoying their proximity, Harry sighed. "He would do it if I asked him to. But … mind-art is a delicate subject."
"Maybe you should put it to the test. Find someone to experiment on. We all have memories buried in our subconscious. Even without added trauma."
"You know …," the teenager pondered, "I might have an idea." After a moment, he pulled back. "But you didn't come to ask about my project. What are you up to that you need my help with?"
As expected, the Dark Lord was planning to introduce Harry to the Azkaban escapees. In fact, not only Harry but Ron and Hermione as well. It would not do for his former Death Eaters not to know about his current allies. The teenager Horcrux and Harry traded a look. They had been looking forward to meeting Bella for the first time. Maybe she would give them an excuse to get revenge on Neville's behalf.
"Tom?"
"Yes."
"Get Barty to pick us up."
The smile was barely there when the Dark Lord nodded. "I will."

They had decided not to hold a meeting on Valentine's Day. A good idea, since Harry had been swarmed by girls who had subtly, and not so subtly, stalked him for the entire day. By six, he fled to Severus quarters and took refuge on his follower's couch.
At the raised eyes of his professor, he had grumbled, "I'm taking cover. I don't want to talk about it." Then he had pulled out a book and hid behind it. A cup of camomile tea had appeared at his elbow a few minutes later. After a few sips, Harry wondered if it was laced with Calming Draught. He didn't consider it important enough to ask.

During the DA meeting on the fifteenth, Harry noticed Luna watching Blaise. After half an hour, she even requested the teenager's help.
While the Slytherins had been found tentative acceptance with the other houses, it was unusual for someone to ask his assistance. Though surprised by the request, Blaise came willingly, even smiling at Luna, when he corrected her wand-movement and incantation. Baffled, Harry realised that Luna was flirting since he had seen her master that particular spell a week prior. Blaise appeared unaware.
The incubus, however, took the invitation of physical contact almost instinctively. The boy edged closer and closer to the Ravenclaw when she leaned against him 'on accident'. A quick look around told Harry that no one had noticed them. For him, however, it was pretty entertaining.
"Testing the waters, Luna?" He wanted to know when she was the last to leave.
Tilting her head, the girl smiled, "I had to ensure that we are compatible. And though your incubus is a little slow on the uptake, I think I will enjoy our time together."
"Don't you think you should enlighten Blaise?"
"Oh, I'm sure he will catch on eventually. Probably next week since he'll be hungry by then."
Reaching out, Harry tentatively put a hand on her shoulder. "Maybe I should feed him before you make your pass? I don't want him to hurt you."
Tilting her head, the girl studied him. "You are concerned about me."
"Of course, I am. You're my friend."
"Because I can provide you with insight?"
"No, Luna, because I like you."
After a few seconds, the girl beamed up at him. "I like you too, Harry, even when your Dark Lord is showing." Then she skipped out of the room.
'Luna is so weird,' Harry thought while straightening up the room. It wasn't necessary. For the next meeting, the Room of Requirement would present itself exactly as it had the first time, impeccable with everything required for the lesson he had planned. But somehow, it felt respectless to Harry to leave things in disarray.
'It's Luna,' Ron shrugged mentally, but Hermione contradicted them, 'I've read up on fae, and I think Luna sees a lot more of this world than we do. She just keeps it to herself until she thinks we can process that information. And when she doesn't know how to explain it, she makes up imaginary creatures and attributes them certain characteristics so we can get a frame of reference.'
'Like the big bad wolf in Red Riding Hood, to warn the children of danger.'
'Exactly.'
'Maybe,' Ron agreed. After a few moments, he wanted to know, 'Who's Red Riding Hood?'

On the sixteenth, Barty was waiting for the three Gryffindors an hour after sundown. The Death Eater hovered just outside the gate, watching Harry but not daring to say anything.
"You will help me to prepare the ritual for Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom. Severus will work with you to identify and isolate suppressed memories."
Swallowing heavily, Barty nodded. He would be an ideal test subject since he had been held under the Imperius Curse for many years. Also, Severus wouldn't have any qualms about hurting him for the sake of this test. They usually behaved civil towards each other but were by no means friends.
"Good," Harry nodded, briefly stepping up to the man and hugging him. For a heartbeat, he allowed the Death Eater to pull him close and bury his face in Harry's neck. Barty seemed a little more at ease when he pulled back. "You take Hermione, and I'll take Ron."
With a small smile, the man held out his hand, "No biting."
"No promises." Hermione teased and stepped close.

The meeting was boring, as usual. Harry seriously doubted that they could find any use for the Death Eaters that had been broken out. Their best bet was telling them to lay low and care for administrative duties. Tom's desk was already bending under the paperwork. To let them out seemed not like a particularly inspired idea since they clearly were not ready to get on with the new program. All they talked about was chaos and mayhem. Things that would disrupt Lord Voldemort's campaign to join the Wizengamot. As heir of the Peverell family, he could gain significant political and social influence.
Ron, Hermione and Harry were making bets on who would be crucioed first because their blood-thirsty ideas would make Tom snap. Currently, it was neck-to-neck between Bellatrix Lestrange and Augustus Rockwood. Where her blind adoration for her Lord was undoubtedly taxing, his insistence of all mudbloods being inferior was most vexing. In the end, it was Rodolphus Lestrange, since he was unable to control his wife and for repeatedly suggesting to simply storm Hogwarts and kill all muggleborn.
'I win,' Ron commented, watching the Death Eater witling on the floor with polite disinterest. 'Told you the megalomaniac would make him break first. He sees too much of his old insanity in him.'
Hermione could not help but smile, something her friends could not see but feel. 'You certainly did, Ron. Very good.'
Ron's ears started to burn, and he was grateful for the masks they wore.

Severus swallowed when they convened in the ritual chamber of Peverell Hall later that day. The Dark Lord seemed restless and agitated, and the Potion Master wondered how he always got himself in these situations. Barty was standing at the side, fidgeting with his sleeves.
After a few moments, his master reached out for Voldemort, offering the tips of his fingers. After a deep breath, the older wizard came closer and connected their hands. For a heartbeat, nobody said a word; the two soulmates merely looked into each other's eyes. Then they turned as one. Cold emerald eyes and burning red ones dug into his mind as the Dark Lord cast, "Leglimens." His defence was instinctual, disconnected memories of study topics, potions with his Slytherins and dinners in the Great Hall where Dumbledore had annoyed him, rose to the forefront of his mind. Little tidbits of information. Too much to be considered useless but nothing of real value.
'If you don't let us in, I will tear your shields down, and we both know how long it takes to rebuild them," Harry told him calmly. There was no maliciousness behind the statement, merely information. Reluctantly, Severus let go. He expected the Dark Lord to take advantage and dig deeper into his mind, but his master held him back. 'We are here to learn, Tom. Leave Severus' memories alone. They are mine now. We had an agreement.'
Red eyes flashed in anger, and Severus realised how defenceless he was. If Voldemort wanted to act against him, he could destroy him in this moment of vulnerability. Yet the Dark Lord merely gestured impatiently. "Fine, get on with it, Severus! The children don't have all night."
Turning towards Barty, who looked very much like he wanted to be anywhere but here, the wizard nodded, "Ready?"
"Not even close," The Death Eater licked his lips compulsively before nodding. "Begin."

It was nearly midnight when Tom finally called it a day. He ordered Severus and Barty, who was dead on his feet, to return Ron and Hermione to Hogwarts, promising that Harry would join them tomorrow, Sunday at the latest. Afterwards, he pulled the teenager into his room and wrapped around him. The young man went willingly. Barty's mind had been a mess of anxiety, the half-remembered terror of his father and Voldemort's mercurial mood swings.
"It's not easy," Harry whispered, "to see how much others were suffering for you … from you and still remained loyal."
"I don't deserve him." Tom breathed in an unusual display of vulnerability.
"That's not your choice to make. If you care for him, you have to accept his decision to stay."
"Like you accepted Severus?" the older wizard challenged.
Turning around, tugging his head under his soulmate's chin, the teenager thought about it. "I'm not sure if I'm accepting his decision to love me or if I'm trying to keep him infatuated with me to gain an advantage. Maybe that's the Horcrux. Maybe I just don't know how to be loved."
Concerned, Tom tilted up Harry's head. "You are loved by more people than just Severus Snape."
Avoiding the other's eyes, the young man tried to reason, "Yes, but Ron and Hermione are my friends first and foremost. And for you … I'm your Horcrux, literally a part of your soul. That's not love. Not really."
Pulling the other close again, the Dark Lord sighed. "Maybe we both need time to get used to the feeling of being worthy of love. No matter what our mothers say. We didn't grow up with them."
"Is it bad that I hate him sometimes?" Harry whispered.
"No," Tom decided, not needing to ask who his soulmate was talking about. "His decisions might not have made a difference for me, but you would have suffered less in your childhood without his meddling. Maybe Sirius would have raised you a spoiled brat. But anything would have been better than these muggles." He was lying to himself, and they both knew it. Dumbledore had written Tom off the moment he met the powerful child in the orphanage. But Harry didn't want to poke that with a stick.
"Hermione once thought about this freedom fighter called Martin Luther King. He said something along the lines of 'Hatred only destroys the Hater'. We've both been set on a road to destruction. I don't want that anymore. We have the power to save people. We just have to find the right way."
"So idealistic, *my Horcrux*. That's why Lily instructed me to listen to you."
"Lily instructs you?"
"Your mother, not your elf."
"Oh."
"Sleep now, Harry. We have a lot of work to do tomorrow."
"Love you, Tom. Good Night."
Swallowing, the orphan closed his eyes before he whispered around the lump in his throat. "Love you too, Harry."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    The semester progressed, and the O.W.L.s approached. While Hermione still followed Harry to Slytherin's library at least once a week, she had drawn up study schedules for all of them and insisted that they followed them. Of course, it helped that the Death Eaters had more or less gone on with the program and kept to themselves. Harry found that increasingly suspicious as time passed.
Detached, the trio watched the power-play between the headmaster and the Ministry. When Umbridge got promoted to High Inquisitor, Harry wanted to bang his head against Gryffindor tower's walls. Fortunately, 'his' Slytherins had warned him about the 'Inquisition Squad', so the DA would be safe.
Towards the end of April, after they had finally established their shop, Fred and George left Hogwarts with a bang. Oh, how Harry wished to join them. The school had become a mad-house, and he hated every second of it. But to beat them at their own game, Tom had advised him to lay low, watch and listen. The Dark Lord wanted to introduce himself to the Wizengamot as Lord Peverell in this legal period. Since he had the rights to this name, they didn't expect any problems.

The Easter holidays, Harry wanted to spend with Sirius. The man was still reluctant to believe that the headmaster could do anything wrong. However, his faith in the older wizard was waning. He and Harry visited the graveyard at Godric's Hollow, and Sirius told Harry stories of his parents. Not something from Hogwarts. The young man wanted to learn about their time in the Order and his baby year. It became apparent that Sirius had loved baby-Harry very much and had trouble reconciling the calculating teenager with the innocent newborn he had held in his arms.
When Lupin joined them, it became easier. Somehow the werewolf boosted his fellow Marauder's confidence to make him less unsure of how to act and thus go overboard. Sirius could still be juvenile at times, but overall, he conducted himself a lot more mature. Harry was grateful and even allowed Lupin to hug him. At least until the wolf inquired, "Why do you smell like dark magic, Harry?"
Aware that the werewolf would most likely notice if he lied, the teenager merely replied, "Because I'm connected to it."
"Can you explain that to me?"
He looked over his shoulder towards Sirius, who was currently talking to his therapist. The witch had insisted, since: No, his godson being around was not enough reason to skip two sessions. "Not yet."
Remus Lupin studied his best friend's son before he whispered, "What have you done, prongslet?" Fear lighting up his amber eyes.
A part of him was sick of hiding, of pretending to be this 'golden boy'; Dumbledore's loyal, little pawn. So, Harry met Remus' eyes and let his conviction and determination shine through. "I finally took control of my life, and I will be damned to let Sirius or Dumbledore, or anybody else, take that away from me again."
"You are angry."
"Rightfully so, I would say."
Tilting his head, Lupin wanted to know, "Why would you think that the headmaster of your school tries to control your life?"
">No. 4 Privet Drive, the cupboard under the stairs<. That's where my first Hogwarts letter was addressed to. At the Dursleys, I was given the bare minimum to survive despite being expected to cook, clean and do gardening. Tell me, who leaves a magical kid with relatives who hate magic and not even check upon him?" Remus wanted to say something, but the teenager would not be interrupted, "Then a troll, a three-headed dog, and a magical artefact that could trap the mind in a school full of children? I'm not even talking about the delightful obstacle course I had to complete at the end of my first year or that I had to kill at eleven!
"Then there was a basilisk in second-year and the parseltongue incident. A headmaster lets a boy being shunned by the entire school because he possesses a gift he didn't ask for and wasn't even aware of? How is that responsible teaching? Oh, and let's not forget the Dementors on Hogwarts' grounds, just because the board was afraid a 'mad man' would come and get me. I mean, seriously, does this school have wards, or not? And then, the delightful tournament."
"That was a binding, magical contract!" Lupin contradicted weakly.
"Really?" Harry grinned like a snake. "Tell me, Remus, who is my magical guardian?"
"Albus …"
"Thought so," the teenager continued when the other broke off. "Ron talked to his brother. Do you know that there are ways to get an underaged(!) participant out of a magical contract if the guardian invokes the rite of wardship? It's not common, but shouldn't the Chief Warlock or the Supreme Mugwump know about such loopholes?" With an absent gesture, he continued his rant, "But no, I had to participate; face dragons, mermaids, and a bloody maze with death-traps around every corner, only to be ported away at the end. Bartemius Crouch had orchestrated the entire thing, right under Dumbledores' nose. I've heard that Dumbledore and Moody were friends during the last war. How likely do you think it is that someone would not recognize a friend as an impostor, especially when that person is around for an entire year? Face it, Remus, the headmaster, wanted me in that tournament to see what would happen. He wanted to gain insight. And he was willing to sacrifice me for it!"
"What happened that night?" The older wizard swallowed his voice barely louder than a breath. Still, after a heartbeat, he looked into Harry's cold eyes and repeated insistently, "What happened at the graveyard?"
Baring his teeth, Harry challenged, "I talked to my parents, and they gave me some much-needed pointers. Now excuse me, I still have homework to do!"

For the rest of the holidays, Remus avoided him. But before Harry departed for school, the werewolf had promised, "I will talk to Sirius. I'll make sure he comes around."
Suspicious, because this sounded too good to be true, the Dark Lord's equal wanted to know, "Did Dumbledore talk to the Order about what supposedly happened that night?"
"Voldemort came back."
Neither confirming nor contradicting the statement, Harry dug deeper. "And you are aware that neither he nor I are dead as of yet?"
Swallowing around a constricting throat - that madman had killed two of his best friends by turning another against them - the werewolf whispered, "I am. But …" he took a deep breath. "But I know that you were telling the truth three days ago, and if Lily and James … I have to trust in someone Harry, that's what being a werewolf means. You need a pack. If I have to choose between … Dumbledore and you, there is no choice at all."
Harry wanted, he really, really wanted to resist, but for the first time in his life, someone, who had no hidden agenda, told him that he would choose him over someone with influence and power. Squeezing his eyes shut, he hugged his father's friend, whispering brokenly, "Thank you, Remus. You have no idea what this means to me."

"Please, no more," Barty whispered towards the end of May. They had bi-monthly sessions with Severus, who taught him and Tom how to find and isolate memories and unravel the thoughts and feelings connected to them. They were learning a lot, especially Voldemort. With every session, the Dark Lord grew more and more confident that no other Death Eater would ever be able to do what Severus had done. It still smarted that Severus had been able to go behind his back. To Harry, isolating an emotion was easy, but finding it was nearly impossible. However, if he and Tom worked together, he was convinced that they could help Neville's parents. Probably …
Lord Voldemort's first Death Eater was shivering before them, ready to go to his knees. Barty had mostly hovered in limbo during the last decade. Winky had cared for his body, while his mind had floated in a cloud of bliss, created by the Imperius Curse. The more they unearthed, the more Barty realized how long his father had imprisoned him. The utter emptiness of his previous existence was slowly grinding him down.
Seeing that the man was at the end of his endurance, Harry stepped in. "Alright, let's use me as target practice. Maybe, if you rummage around in my mind, I will be able to understand better how to find and isolate memories."
Uncomfortable, Severus cautioned, "It might hurt."
"I tremble in fear." The young man stated drily, "It's not the first time that I get hurt. It certainly won't be the last."
"Your disregard for your wellbeing is disconcerting," Tom sighed.
Harry brushed the comment away. "Come on, gentlemen, I need to be back at Hogwarts before dinner, or Hermione will make me revise until after midnight."
Unable to contradict his master, Severus pulled his wand after Tom had connected to him. "Do you have any idea what you would like us to look for?"
After a heartbeat, the young man offered a sad smile, "Mum." He had only one real memory of his mother, and if possible, he wanted a lot more.

When Harry came back to himself, he was curled up on Tom's lap, holding Severus' hand in a vice-grip. Detached, he realized that he was trembling all over and that his cheeks were wet. His voice was hoarse when he asked, "Did it work?"
Holding on to his composure by the skin of his teeth, Severus asked, "What did your mother give you for your first birthday?"


  
    >Casting his eyes back in time, Harry was able to recall a sunny afternoon. Sirius was wearing a sparkling blue party hat, and Remus an amber one. A man with an unruly mop of black hair was looking down at him. Harry realized that he was being carried. Reaching for the man, he got a hold of his glasses, and a warm voice chuckled, "Not now, baby, look, mummy's got cake," And when he turned, there was his mother. She looked like an angel, illuminated by the single candle that flickered on a massive cake. He clapped, excited by the flickering light, but his dad wouldn't let him touch it, and he didn't like that. Instead, he was put in a high-chair, and his hand was being held. "You have to close your eyes, Harry, and make a wish." Sirius encouraged. So, he closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, the pretty light was gone. Mum was looking at him. Her gaze was so warm and loving; it took Harry's breath away. She offered a soft, grey … something. "Happy birthday, love." The grey thing had more stuff in it; items of different colours and textures. Some items were firm, others squishy. He liked the squishy ones. Nothing happened when he pulled them out, one by one, to inspect them. They tasted of barely anything, but a few had a funny texture he liked to gnaw on. But when he put some items back in, smoke erupted from the grey thing. Adding the squishy items made sparkles appeared. At one point, he had been offered cake, but his new toy had been far more interesting.<
  
Laughing through his tears at the beautiful memory, Harry revealed, "She gave me a toy cauldron. It made smoke and lights." Looking at Severus, the young man realized that he, too, had seen the happy memory of his childhood friend. A recollection of a happy moment, through the eyes of someone who had loved her unconditionally. Harry traded a look with Tom, who helped him rise and then left the room. Harry stepped into Severus' arms. The Potion Master did not say anything. Instead, he clung to him for dear life. "We don't have to include Tom every time. Maybe we could work on a meditation technique that lets me recall memories on my own. Afterwards, I could share them."
Swallowing thickly, his first advisor nodded. "That would be appreciated." After a few minutes, Severus wanted to know, "Do you think you have learned more from this experiment than from working with Bartemius?"
"Maybe, I'll guess we'll need to test it."
"I'm afraid I would be the most convenient test-subject for that."
Harry nodded. "Without a doubt. But I think we can postpone that for the weekend after the next. I need to return to Hogwarts. I still have a charm's essay to write."

Harry had learned a lot from being the target of the Leglimens spell. So, he used it on Severus without touching him. Unearthing memories from his first advisor was like walking through a hall of mirrors observing something too similar to his childhood. Things hit far too close for comfort. They repeated that lesson two more times. Then Harry had had enough. Although the Horcrux told him that gaining leverage over a follower could be helpful. However, the teenager had no interest in gathering more memories of torment through the eyes of another.
Severus seemed more than grateful.

The O.W.L.s went surprisingly well. Though Hermione kept herself firmly shut off from him and Ron, Tom was more than willing to help out. The material might have changed over the last fifty-or-so years. Yet, the seventeen-year-old Horcrux was still helpful during the History of Magic test. For two weeks, the three Gryffindors cared about nothing but their Ordinary Wizard Levels. At least that had been the plan. However, after the charm's exam on the 20th, Harry nearly toppled over in the hallway when his scar exploded in anguish. His friends were immediately by his side and guided him into an empty classroom.
Stabilizing through his friends, Harry opened his mind's eye to Tom's study. Until now, his soulmate had never pulled him into his own mind. So, he was immediately concerned. Looking up from his desk, where he seemed to coordinate an attack by placing miniature Death Eaters on blueprints of what could only be the Ministry of Magic, he demanded, "I need you in the Department of Mysteries. Rookwood had just informed me that a prophecy can only be touched by those it concerns."
Frustrated, Harry wanted to know, "What's with your bloody fixation on that damn prophecy? I thought mum told you that it's useless if we decide to ignore it!?"
Tom merely looked up at him, and Harry could see the wheels turning behind his Dark Lord's eyes. "Oh," he stated weakly. Brushing over his face, he sighed. "You realize that I'm in the middle of my O.W.L.s? Couldn't you have waited for two more days?"
"I'm afraid not. It would have far less impact that way."
"Fine," Harry grumbled.
"Then be on your way. The attack will start at sundown."
"Whoof," Harry replied sarcastically and then let go of their connection.
Ron and Hermione merely raised their eyes when he came around. "We need to go to the Ministry. Tom has this great idea to launch an attack to get the bloody prophecy."
"Didn't your parents tell you the prophecy?" Hermione wondered.
Ron, however, got it, "Death Eaters at the Ministry. The escapees, most likely. And Harry Potter comes to the rescue. Not a bad plan."
Rolling his eyes, Harry left the classroom. "Let's go."

Of course, nothing in their life was ever simple. Before the trio could make their escape from school grounds, Ginny, Neville, and Luna had caught up to them. Only when their Slytherins tagged along did Harry put his foot down. The snakes immediately started to bristle.
"Are only Gryffindors worthy of fighting by your side?"
Harry rolled his eyes. "Luna's a Ravenclaw."
"All your talk about house equality, but in a crisis, you still won't trust Slytherins to have your back?" Daphne challenged.
Calmly, the 'golden boy' demanded, "Tell me, you are one-hundred percent sure that neither of your parents or any other member of your family will be at the Ministry tonight, Greengrass. Tell me, and I will let you come."
She couldn't. None of them could. Blaise was the only one who stepped forward. "I know that my mother won't be there. But I am not sure that I could raise my wand against Draco's dad or even Theo's. I've been a guest in their homes, and I …"
Caressing his follower's cheek with his thumb, Harry pulled him in and kissed his forehead. "I know, and I would never expect that of you." He turned towards the others, "From any of you. We're not at war yet. If you want to help, cover for us. We'll tell you what has happened tomorrow. You know, in case the Daily Prophet allows itself some 'artistical liberties'."
They were laughing nervously, but the tension dissipated, and the Slytherins watched them go.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    It was pandemonium. While the DA could have sneaked in and stolen the prophecy, the Death Eaters on scene were far too eager to finally get a chance to 'come out and play'. Harry ground his teeth as his friends were tortured. He shielded and countered for all it was worth, but he could not spare them all. Ron threw out curses and jinx, some magical, some mundane, when he started bleeding. Hermione bit through her lip but mirrored his viciousness spell for spell. All three pressed on. There was a price to pay to achieve their goal, and they had agreed that it was worth it.Managing to pick up the prophecy, Harry wanted to roll his eyes when Lucius Malfoy taunted and threatened him. The pureblood would not even be able to touch it, so why did he want Harry to hand it over? Obviously, the man was not thinking with his head. Still, Tom was convinced that he could be useful.Things got out of hand as the Order appeared. When Harry spotted Remus and Sirius, his blood ran cold. Mainly because Luna froze for a second when seeing his godfather, a heartbreakingly sad expression clouding her features. No, the Dark Lord's equal decided. This day would not end in torment and the mourning of his godfather. Tom trusted him to eliminate the unwanted Death Eaters and establish himself firmly on the light side. They were a team and had to be able to rely on each other. He would. Not. Fail!Spellfire and curses lit up the room, and Harry had a hard time keeping an eye on both his friends and the 'important' Death Eaters. He relaxed when Severus joined them. Subtly, they protected each other's back. Bella got too trigger happy, not that Harry had not suffered worse. Tom's Cruciatus was ten times more powerful than hers. However, the young saviour had not expected his godfather to step into the spell, engaging Bella in a fight that took Harry's breath away. Their movements while duelling were like an intricate dance, deadly and perfect. Nobody who witnessed it - and more than a few stopped to watch - could deny that those two were members of the same family, trained by the same tutors, versed in the same kind of violent magic. Yet, when Bella herded Sirius towards the veil, Harry instinctively knew how this would end. Nothing that touched that arch could ever return. Suddenly Luna's warnings made horrible sense: a curse, a sway, and Sirius would be lost to him forever."Bombarda!" The spell left Harry's wand before he could comprehend what he was doing. Sirius Black was thrown against a wall like a ragdoll and slipped down just as boneless. Fortunately, Lucius had the presence of mind to pull the former Black witch away from the fight. They would have to leave immediately if they did not want to be caught. Unfortunately, the Order had been joined by Unspeakables. Anti-apparition wards had gone up. For daring to touch his godfather, Harry wanted to see them rot in Azkaban, but that had not been the plan. So, he tugged the pendant he had received earlier today, free from his neck, and threw it at the pair. Hatred burned in his eyes, still Lucius closed his hands around the pendant reflexively. Harry hissed *Voldemort*, before the pureblood could think about dropping it. The portkey pulled them away.While the other Death Eaters were subdued, he ran towards Sirius, who lay lifelessly on the floor. Remus had laid him out and was currently casting a stabilising spell.'They're already around the corner. Whatever you want to do, do it now!' Hermione thought, leaving him no choice if he wanted to save his godfather. Harry heard another wall of prophecies shatter. Good, that should give him a few moments. "Briar, Rhodes," he called out. When the elves popped up, he ordered. "Immobilise Sirius. I think his back is broken. Bring him and Lupin home. Tell Tom that he can do whatever he wants, but Sirius has to survive.""Harry, what?" Remus looked at him with big eyes. But the teenager only shook his head. "I'm sorry, Remus. But I can't wait for him to come around any longer." Then he urged the elves, "Go. Now!"As soon as the last Marauders were gone, Harry let go of the hold he had on their combined magic. It lashed out, giving voice to the anger and grief that had built when he had been forced to watch his friends suffer. The moment the first Order member came around the shelves, he was screaming. At Bellatrix. At Voldemort. At some unnamed Death Eater, who had taken his godfather and professor away. Then he pulled the magic in again and ran for the Atrium. The Department of Mysteries was the best-protected area of the Ministry. Far too few people were around to witness what they were supposed to see. The Atrium was the centre.It was a game of cat-and-mouse Voldemort played with Dumbledore, with Harry as his willing puppet. The Order. The Unspeakables. Countless Ministry workers. Cornelius Fudge. They could not have set this up more perfectly. Now Voldemort, their boogeyman, was back. Lord Thomas Cadmus Peverell would have no problems to endear himself to the Wizengamot, granting support in such difficult times.
Though Harry wanted to leave immediately, after the charade was over, to see if Sirius was alright, Dumbledore and Snape insisted that the students spent the night at the infirmary. Since they were all magically exhausted, Harry managed to only offer token resistance. As soon as he opened the eyes to Salazar Slytherin's library, he looked around for Tom. It took two endless hours for his soulmate to arrive. "Is Sirius going to be okay?"Tiredly, Tom sank into a chair. "You broke his spine clean in two. I had him checked over by Narcissa and - under her guidance - used a parsel-spell to mend the broken bones. The nerves in his spine will have to grow back together for him to move again. Narcissa says that it's a delicate process but not impossible. He should make a full recovery. His mobility will be limited for the foreseeable future, but he will live.""Thank God." Harry fell into an armchair as if his strings had been cut. Roughly scrubbing his face, he revealed, "I was supposed to lose him tonight. Luna saw it. She warned me, but I wasn't sure if I didn't make everything worse. Thanks, Tom, for … you know, caring.""I don't care for Sirius Black," the Dark Lord contradicted coldly. Yet he rose from his own seat and crouched down before Harry, hugging the young man. "I care for you, so I promise that I will do my best to help your godfather.""Thanks," Harry mumbled into his shoulder, gratefully leaning into the mental embrace. After a few minutes, he pulled back a little. "How are they taking their imprisonment?""I don't think they've realised yet. The wolf was too worried about his packmate. But you should definitely talk to them when you come around tomorrow.""I will." Harry yawned … in his dream. "But now, I need some rest. Ron, Hermione, and I overtaxed ourselves tonight. I doubt we'll be up before lunch, and Hermione has her last exam at 1 p.m. She'll be unbearable if she doesn't get a chance to review one last time before it starts."Kissing his soulmate's forehead, the Dark Lord mumbled, "Sleep well, *my Horcrux*." Then he turned towards his younger self. "And you will …" but whatever instructions one soul was giving to the other, Harry no longer heard it, descending into sweet oblivion.
Nott, Avery, the Lestranges and the Malfoys sat around the long table, defending themselves against their perceived failure of not acquiring the prophecy when Harry entered with Severus by his side and Ron and Hermione flanking him. The moment Hermione had finished her Ancient Runes exam, they had rushed through the hidden corridors towards Honeydukes and apparated to the Manor as soon as they had passed the ward line. Severus had waited for them, robes and masks ready.The Potion Master took his usual position behind the chair next to the Dark Lord. Harry, Ron and Hermione walked around the table languidly. The friends chose their accustomed places while he completed the circle before claiming his seat next to Voldemort.Having watched the spectacle, holding on to her composure by the skin of her teeth, Bella outright screamed as he claimed his place. "And where was this coward, my Lord? He didn't even dare to fight at your command! He is not worthy to sit by your side!""Be careful, Bella," Harry replied silkily. "Without my intervention, you would be back in Azkaban by now, losing what last shreds of sanity you managed to hold on to these last few years."She pulled her wand with a furious scream but froze when the stick flew out of her hand. Hermione, who had cast the Expelliarmus, just shook her head. The Dark Lord's equal, slowly rising, pulled a cloth from the depth of his robes, revealing the prophecy. "Despite what our misguided Bellatrix thinks, I actually was successful in gaining what you could not!""How?" Avery breathed out, glaring at the orb.Amused, the Dark Lord looked at his equal. "Are you willing to share the prophecy now?"Taking the orb into his hand, Harry smashed it onto the table, watching the image of Sybill Trelawney rise from the shards and spoke simultaneously:

  
    >The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ...
Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ...
And the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal,
but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not<
  
He looked down at his soulmate.

  
    >... and either must die at the hand of the other, for neither can live while the other survives ...
the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ...<
  

  
Turning towards the Death Eaters, only one made the connection. Lucius Malfoy turned white as a sheet as he breathed, "Potter."All whispers ceased as the followers gapped at the black-clad figure by their Lord's side.Pulling back his hood, taking off his mask, cold, emerald eyes dug into their very souls."It was you who threw the portkey.""Of course," Harry replied icily. "Tom still has use for you. I won't deny him a pawn if it's in my power to save him. Not without good reason," he added, remembering the day the pureblood had whittled on the ground, in the throes of the Cruciatus for attacking him. From the terror in the other's gaze, the Lord was able to recall that moment vividly. The young man then turned towards Narcissa. He could see the wheels turning in her head. "I forbid you from telling your son what you have learned tonight: no hints, no advice, no guidance. I respect you, Lady Malfoy, but you will not sic your child at me to gain political influence. Frankly, Draco and I will more likely be at each other's throats than work together. So, I would be grateful if you could spare us that particular experience."When the Lady hesitated, Lord Voldemort reminded her silkily, "His word is mine, Narcissa. Remember that before you act.""Yes, my Lords," the Lady bowed her head, readily accepting the new authority. At least from the looks of it.Then the Dark Lord turned towards the rest of his Death Eaters. "You are the privileged few who learned the contents of this prophecy. Words the Light had hinged their entire war on. Believing in them cost me my sanity and nearly my life. But let it not be said that Lord Voldemort cannot learn from his mistakes.""All prophecies are self-fulfilling," Harry continued, standing side by side with his soulmate. A power-couple that took everyone's breath away. "And we have decided that this one would have no further bearing on our future. As of last summer, we are working together and will continue to do so until the Wizarding World is safe again. There will be no war, no unnecessary casualties.""There will be skirmishes to confuse the light side. To draw their attention away from our actual plans. I have already introduced myself as the Lord of an ancient family. This time, we will go the political and social route. You were lucky, Bella, that you were in contact with Lucius when Harry threw the portkey. I have no use for insane lieutenants this time around." The Dark Lord looked at the Lestrange twins. "Get her all the help she needs. Bellatrix has been loyal beyond reproach. All of you have. Consider this your reward for decades of faithful service. And my followers: do not disappoint me."They wouldn’t. They swore. Feverishly! When only the Malfoys remained, the patriarch offered a respectful bow to Harry. "Thank you for saving me."After a brief glance at his soulmate, Harry nodded. "You are welcome."
At Peverell Hall, Tom caressed Harry's forehead. "Without this, I would have already won."Leaning into the gesture, the young man nodded. "Most likely. I mean, you could still mark Neville," he grinned.Rolling his eyes, the Dark Lord nudged him. "Go and talk to your werewolf. He's made quite a ruckus after discovering that he wasn't allowed to leave their rooms.""Yes, my Lord," Harry bowed exaggeratedly. Then he turned towards his friends, "Stay or go?"Hermione shrugged, as did Ron. "If you don't need us, we should head back to Hogwarts. Easier to cover for you that way."
"Can you check his spine?" Harry and Severus walked the Manor's ground floor towards the 'suite' where Sirius and Remus had been 'encouraged' to stay."I have basic qualifications, as a healer, like every Potion Master in Britain. But I am no medi-wizard.""Maybe we should get him to St. Mungos.""That would complicate matters. I would advise against it. Let us see how much the mutt's own magic can aid his body. If that fails, we can still transfer him." On an afterthought, the older wizard offered, "We could alter his memories, as you've done with me."Scratching the back of his neck, Harry considered that. "We need to keep Remus locked up if they stay here. That will stress him out. A stressed werewolf seems like a bad idea."A faint shudder ran over Severus' form, making Harry stop. "You don't have to come in with me. I'm absolutely able to talk them down on my own.""You want to know how he is fairing. And your healing magic is far away from being acceptable.""So, encouraging," the teenager rolled his eyes before knocking at the door."Come in," Sirius weak voice offered. There was faint shuffling, but nobody opened."I shield, you disarm.""With pleasure," Severus replied, readying his wand. He would enjoy throwing the wolf through the room with an overpowered Expeliarmus.
Helping Remus to his feet, Harry chided, "Honestly, you could have considered that whoever came in would be prepared.""We didn't expect you," Sirius forced out through a pain-filled moan. Immediately, his friend was by his side. "Lie still, you fool! You'll only aggravate your injury.""The healer said it should get better on its own.""Healer?" According to Tom, only Lady Malfoy had been around. And as far as Harry knew, she wasn't a licenced healer.Sinking back into the pillows, defeated, his godfather gestured, "Handsome fellow, about my size. Early thirties, I would say. He cast one spell or the other, was mostly mumbling to himself. In the end, he told me that I would get better. I just needed time."The Dark Lord's equal and his first advisor traded a disbelieving look. Picking that up, Remus demanded to know, "Who was that man?""Tom Marvolo Riddle," Severus revealed before gesturing. "Step aside, Lupin. Harry wants to know how his godfather is, and close proximity confuses my diagnostic spell."Having picked up a piece of parchment Harry write down Tom's name before offering it to Remus. When the werewolf looked at him, confused, the young man revealed, "You wanted to know who healed Sirius. He did." Then he tapped the paper with his wand, and the letters started to shift."No."The parchment fluttered to the floor when the Marauder let go of it as if it had burned him. "No," he repeated, shaking his head stoically. "You're lying. Voldemort would never …!""What? What's going on?" Sirius wanted to know."Come on," Harry reasoned. "You lot did not think that >Lord Voldemort< was his birth name. Isn't that a little too pretentious, even for a Dark Lord?""Lord Voldemort?" Fighting to sit up, Sirius only stopped when the Potion Master hissed at him."Would you stop moving, you idiot! If the Dark Lord has graciously healed your wounds, don't you think you should do everything in your power to actually get better?""You!" Harry's godfather growled, reaching for his wand. "You set him up; you snivelling, cowardly bastard! Isn't it enough that Lily had to die? Now you've delivered her only son to his enemy's door?!"An all too familiar rage rose in Severus. Clutching his wand, he lifted it, ready to retaliate, not being hindered by petty concerns for childhood friends or …"Don't!" A quiet voice ordered. He still had his wand at the ready, was still trembling, but his master's voice bound him more effectively than a hundred Incarcerous. "Show him your arm."Pulling back his sleeve, the former Death Eater revealed his bare forearm."That's a trick … a glamour," Lupin mumbled.Sneering, Severus threw him his wand. "So, dispel it."Remus tried. Two spells, Harry had already learned about. Three, he had never heard off. Hermione would get all excited when being told about them. After a few minutes, he wanted to know, "Are you satisfied, Professor Lupin? I need to return to Hogwarts eventually, you know.""What happened?" The werewolf inquired. "There is only one way to be released from Voldemort's clutches: death.""Or being his equal," the Potion Master replied, nodding towards his master."The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not." The teenager recited. "That's the extent of the prophecy, Tom knew before today. The day he attacked us in Godrics Hollow, he only knew the first two sentences, but that was enough for him to go after a baby. Not his most glorious hour, as we've agreed.""Why … I don't understand.""Because I never heard more of it," Severus admitted grudgingly."You?" Sirius hissed; betrayal was written all over his face."Did you really think that anything but a danger for Lily could have made me switch sides, Black?" The former Death Eater challenged.Floundering around the bed, the wounded wizard fumbled for his wand once more. This time, his motions were interrupted by Harry's cold, "If you dare to cast a single spell at my advisor. I will leave and not come back! Do you want that, Sirius?""Your advisor? Harry, why would you care for him? Didn't you listen? That bastard is the reason your parents are dead!""I know. I knew even before I bargained with Tom for his life. Mum and Dad made a choice. Tom made a choice last summer, and so did I. Now, it's your turn. Mum and dad's ghosts were there at the graveyard. They told me many things, the prophecy among them. They said that I could either kill Tom or help him because, as enemies, neither of us would make it, but we could actually pull our world back from the brink of extinction as a team."Tell me, Sirius, have you read the book I've given you for Christmas? Have you learned about the weapons and the surveillance techniques the muggles have developed? If they discover us, this time, there will be no pyres or hangings. There will be bombs and entire stretches of land laid to waste. Muggles don't even have to look into our eyes to eradicate us. Not any more."Sinking onto the bed beside his friend, Remus wanted to know, "What are you saying, Harry? What do you plan on doing?""I want to separate our worlds, make magic strong again. Basically, the same thing Tom wanted at the beginning before he started heading into the wrong direction, full steam." He looked at his godfather. "You are the Lord of the Black family. With that title comes a lot of political sways, even outside of the Wizengamot. We would not need to fight if the general public was on our side. If the Wizengamot would enforce the Statute of Secrecy. Hide us more completely, so we could live in peace and prosperity, respect and cherish our magical inheritance, instead of allowing it to be deluded by muggle traditions.""You're talking like a pureblood!" Sirius spat.Severus put a hand on Harry's shoulder, calming the young man. "No, I am speaking like a wizard. Because magic is more than weaving a wand. There are rituals we should honour. Sacrifices we should make. I'm not talking about blood or people, but livestock, flowers or even baked goods. It worked for thousands of years, strengthening our ties to nature, to magic itself! But we've forgotten about it. Magic, the old traditions, nature, these things deserve our respect.""What about the muggleborn? You can't just ignore them. If you leave them to fend for themselves, you risk a whole lot more than accidental magic.""No, at the first trace of magic, the children would have to be integrated into our world, and the parents swore to secrecy."Remus studied the young man, who looked much older than fifteen. "You seem to have it all puzzled out.""No," Harry shook his head. "Actually, we only have a general idea, no detailed plans on how to go about it. That's why we could use Sirius' help. And yours if you are willing."Whispering from the bed, his godfather gave food for thought, "Dumbledore will never allow that. He has worked for an integration of our world into the muggle world for the last fifty years."Turning his head, gazing at the wizard coldly, Harry recalled, "You mean the man who left a fifteen-month-old baby on the doorstep of a magic-hating household; on the first of November? Who left a kid to be raised like a house-elf, humiliated and abused, without ever checking on him? Who did not even send a teacher to introduce this child to the magical world but his gamekeeper, a man loyal only to him? That man?"Why. Should. I. Care?" He hissed, glaring at the two adults.Shaking his head, Sirius contradicted him, "While I might believe, that your childhood was not happy. It could not have been that bad. Dumbledore would have never allowed that."Harry clenched his fists, taking deep breathes. "And how would you know?" He inquired finally. "You went after a traitor to get revenge, rather than look after the godson you've vowed to protect.""Harry.""We're leaving." The teenager decided, then turned around and exited the room.Severus didn't need to be told to follow.


  
    Chapter Text
    "That could have gone better," Harry sagged against a wall.
"You don't owe them anything," Severus reasoned, not at all discontented with the turn of events.
Rubbing his face, the teenager shook his head. "I do. They were my parent's best friends. I doubt that James or Lily would want them to suffer Dumbledore's manipulations."
"And who says that ensuring that is your responsibility?"
"Fate," Harry deadpanned. Then he looked at his advisor. "Look, I get it, and I am grateful that you try to make this easier for me. But I can't turn my back on them. That's not how family works." He noticed Severus pressing his lips together, obviously wanting to deny his childhood tormentors being 'family' to Harry. Still, the man was wise enough to recognise a lost cause. "Lily?"
"Yes, Master Severus?"
"Could you keep an eye on our 'guests' and tell your master every other day how they do?"
Beaming because of the new responsibility, the white-clad elf bowed low. "Yes, Master Severus, it would be Lil… my pleasure!"
Watching his house-elf with a smile, she was always so happy when receiving a new order; Harry frowned, "Lily, why are you covered in paint?"
"Lily has been painting, Master!" She beamed, visibly proud of herself.
Somehow a logical conclusion. "Sweetheart, what are you painting?"
"Master Severus has given Lily permission to work at the cottage. But Daisy said that good work includes making the house homey. But everything is so dark, not happy and colourful like Peverell Hall. So, Lily made some paint to decorate."
"I see," Harry gave no indication about what he thought about that project. He merely nodded his approval, and Lily popped away. Without a word, he headed towards the office to tell Tom that they would be leaving.
After a few moments, Severus stated drily, "Don't think that I did not notice that the dots were all colourful. You assigned that elf to me, Potter. If I return home and my cottage looks like a pastel rainbow, I will hold you personally responsible!"
Not able to keep his laugh in any longer, Harry burst out, "Duly noted, Sir. Duly noted."
Though Harry, and therefore Hermione and Ron were quite content with what had happened at the Ministry, the rest of Hogwarts – actually, the rest of Wizarding Britain – panicked. Finally, there was irrefutable proof that Lord Voldemort was back. Fudge tried to downplay the danger. He explained how the majority of the Death Eaters had already been captured. That not enough remained to put the lives of the general public in danger. Few were really comforted, waiting with bated breath for the raids to pick up again. Tom would not allow any attacks or bloody retaliation against light families, only a few scrimmages to keep people on edge. Thus, painting the Minister incompetent, showing a lack of foresight. The students talked in hushed whispers. Slytherins became more isolated than ever.
The Greengrass sisters, Nott and Blaise, sat separated even from their own house. Of course, nobody would ever confirm that they were on speaking terms with the Gryffindor Trio, but the fact that Harry, Ron and Hermione hung around Blaise regularly seemed to rub off on them. So, the Gryffindors made the conscious effort to integrate their little group even more often. It turned out that Astoria was brilliant, rivalling Hermione. Her biting sarcasm worked quite well to hide that. Hermione had wondered why Astoria was not on top of all of her classes, only ever in the top three. Yet, the second-year seemed uncomfortable to talk about it. Finally, Daphne enlightened the muggle-born witch. "Witches are supposed to be clever and pretty. No husband wants his wife to outshine him in terms of intelligence. So, we have to work twice as hard, to always come out second best."
"That's bloody stupid!" Ron had mumbled around a pastry they had nicked from the kitchens. "If it were me, I would be proud of my wife, no matter what she's good at."
"Oh, Ron," Hermione beamed, wrapping her arms around him, kissing his cheek.
For a moment, nobody said a word and Ron turned bright red. "Well … I … you …" He sighed, drying his sweaty palms on his trousers. "You are the smartest witch of our age. How could I not be proud of you, being friends and all."
There was no end to the ribbing that afternoon. But he suffered it easily since Hermione seemed so happy with his compliments, she seemed to glow.
Though the exams were finished, Harry decided to hold one last DA meeting before the end of the term. There were confusion and a little grumbling, but all members entered the Room of Requirement in pairs and triples to enjoy one last evening with their friends. The room was dark when they entered, and Harry was whispering with the Weasley twins he had smuggled into the castle. After a nod, he cleared his throat.
"Listen, guys, I'm holding this meeting because the Daily Prophet is a sensationalist tabloid rather than a serious newspaper. I wanted to tell you what actually happened the week before last so that you can all make informed decisions on what you want to believe and where to go from here." He then gestured towards a plethora of bean-chairs that had popped up. Once everyone was settled, he caressed Blaise's neck, who had flattened out his own seat and now lay stretched out before him. The demon had been particularly needy these last few days, their impending separation causing anxiety. The others were huddled together in pairs, seemingly taking comfort from each other. "It's true that there was a Death Eater attack on the Department of Mysteries. And yes, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna and Neville, and I were there to prevent them from stealing something. You all knew the trite about me being the 'Saviour', the 'Boy-Who-Lived' who beat the Dark Lord when I was merely a year old. That I am 'fated' to defeat him. The truth is, there was a prophecy. One made by our very own Sybill Trelawny some fifteen years ago."
It was a lot to take. Ron, Hermione and Tom had talked quite a while about this. Should they reveal the prophecy or keep it a secret? In the end, it had actually been Tom who voted for ruthless candour. The prediction, he had argued, had been made about them. What everybody else thought did not matter as long as they decided to ignore it. So here they were, waiting for the inevitable question. Yet, nobody seemed to dare voice it.
After nearly a minute, Luna spoke up. "They won't ask, Harry. Prophecies are quite controversial, and even those who tell themselves that they don't believe in them harbour lingering doubts about the 'what ifs'."
Looking at the DA, who had worked so hard, fought so valiantly, knowing that whatever they did, nothing would change his and Tom's plans, Harry offered, "I don't have to tell you. I just rather, you hear it from me, knowing it's the truth than from someone else, who might twist the words for their own purpose."
"Someone like You-Know-Who?" Came Seamus voice out of the semi-darkness.
"No," Hermione shook her head, "Someone like Fudge, who adapts information to suit his needs."
Surprisingly, it was Theodore Nott, who spoke up, "I would like to know. My father …" well, they all knew, or at least strongly suspected, but as a Slytherin, the boy chose not to confirm that. "I prefer to have all the facts so that I can make my own choices."
Rising from his slouched position, Blaise looked at his friend, "You could come to Italy with me. I'm sure mother would approve."
"Thanks, but … just tell us, Harry."
"The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other, for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ..." No fanfare or dramatic elaboration. In fact, Harry thought that the prophecy sounded rather stupid from an outside perspective. He looked at his fellow DA members. Nobody said a word.
"Born to those who have thrice defied him," whispered Neville. "Born as the seventh month dies."
Slowly looking at his friend, knowing that he could draw the correct conclusion, Harry nodded. "He chose me, Neville."
"The scar."
"Yes."
"I'm sorry," his fellow Gryffindor breathed, tears rising in his eyes, though he valiantly tried to suppress them. "But I …"
"I, too, am glad that he chose me and not you." There was no way around it. Neville could have been the 'Chosen one'. But for everything that Harry had suffered, he was grateful that things had not been different. He would still be looking forward to a miserable summer at the Dursleys, fearing for his life.
"Do you think my family knew?"
This was the wrong forum for this, and the other DA members knew it. Still, nobody interrupted.
Harry pondered the question, looking at his friends for guidance, but neither Ron nor Hermione could offer any insight. So, he went with his gut feeling. "To be honest, I am not sure about your grandmother. But your parents fought for you, beyond the point of no return. So, yes, I think your mum and dad knew that it could as easily have been either of us and chose to do everything in their power to spare you that fate."
Pressing his lips together, Neville just nodded, not saying another word. To everyone's surprise, it was Daphne Greengrass who pushed out of her chair and sat down beside him. She did not offer words of comfort. Just sat there, in silent support.
Looking at the others, the 'Chosen One' sighed. "Look, I did not tell you this to make myself look important. I hate all that fame and the articles and being hailed one minute and condemned the next. But I think you should all know where I stand. Lord Voldemort made his choice. Now I am making mine. I am not going to be anyone's 'Saviour'. Wizarding Britain can go fuck itself, for all I care. Nobody should pin all their hopes on a fifteen-year-old. That's wrong!"
"So, you won't fight him?" The question sounded almost like an accusation, but they had been prepared for that.
Harry shook his head, "If he attacks my friends and family or even Hogwarts, I will fight with everything I have. But I won't let myself be made into a figurehead for the Light Side because the average witch and wizard on the street are too scared to stand up for what is right."
"I'm with you, Harry." Neville decided, looking at his friend with determination.
"Thanks, Neville, but I did not tell you this, for you to make a choice right here and now. I just wanted to give you all the facts."
"Is it true that You-Know-Who possessed you at the Ministry?"
He turned towards Parvati and nodded calmly. "Yes."
"Did it hurt?"
Harry thought about it. Of course, it had not hurt because he and Tom had discussed it before. Harry had not put up a fight. Otherwise, … "Let's just say, it was not the most comfortable experience. He was angry, and sometimes his feelings bleed into me."
"Do you know Occlumency?" Padma wanted to know. "We learned at home. I could give you a book. The one we studied before our father began our practical lessons. Maybe that would help you too … you know … keep him out."
Smiling, Harry agreed, "I would appreciate that." If nothing else, Severus and Tom would enjoy reading about a different approach to mind-magic. "But now, I think we should shelve this discussion. Think about what I've told you. If you want, send me an owl. I will try to be as open and honest as possible. And in September, we can meet and talk about it once more."
There were still questions, but Harry had not planned to let this evening pan out in a discussion about Tom and himself. So, he nodded towards Fred and George, who stood at the corners of the room, wands at the ready. "And since this is the last DA meeting, let's have some fun."
On that cue, fireworks began to explode over their heads, illuminating a buffet and board games, muggle and wizard alike. A music box picked up a happy tune, and despite the initial scare, all students admired the twin's handwork and started to celebrate another successful year passing.
It was already past curfew when Neville approached Harry, who sat curled up in a corner, nursing a butterbeer. The evening had gone better than expected. The purebloods had been fascinated by a muggle game called 'Simon Swipe' where you had to memories colour-combinations of four buttons to be pressed or swiped or something else. All in all, it seemed to be great fun. Maybe he had done more about the consolidation of purebloods and muggleborn than anticipated. When his fellow Gryffindor approached, he looked up with a smile.
"I wanted to say thank you," Neville stated, sinking down to the floor beside him.
"What for?"
"For telling me the truth."
Harry shrugged.
Looking at the others, Neville played with his wand, shooting sparkles from it. He still seemed to revel in having a wand suitable for him. "I think you are wrong about my grandmother. Dad's mother is … she's kind of overbearing, but … I think she loves me and is scared for me. I need to be good, better than dad even, because … well, because of …" he gestured between Harry and himself. "But I doubt that she would have ever told me. I think I understand her a little better now, so, thank you."
Squeezing his friend's arm, Harry nodded. "You are welcome."
The train departed on the 30th, leaving the students an entire day to pack, track down lost items and for Harry and Blaise to have one last 'date' on top of the Astronomy Tower. The energy transfer had become easier now that Blaise had taken his mark. Yet, it still ended in the teenager coming all over himself and falling into a restful sleep. Harry just cleaned him up and levitated him into Gryffindor tower. Fortunately, all boys in his dormitory were members of the DA, so their misgivings about all things Slytherin - especially Harry's 'boyfriend' - had eased.
During the train ride back to London, Harry was debating how to sneak away at the earliest opportunity to spend as little time as possible with the Dursleys. Luna entered their compartment about two hours into the journey. Blaise was currently dozing in Harry's lap, and Neville and Harry were playing Simon Swipe. The young pureblood had sneaked it out of the Room of Requirement because he wanted to show it to his parents. The light and sound might intrigue them, prompting them to react to something outside of their own minds.
"Hello Harry, hello Neville," she greeted, slipping into the compartment. Then she turned towards the pureblood. "Could you please leave? I would like to have sex with Blaise, and that might make you uncomfortable."
Turning beet red, Neville immediately gathered his bag and jumped out of his seat. "I … you … I'll just … I'll find Ron and Hermione and tell them that … you know … bye!"
"That was quite rude, Luna," Harry chided.
"Was it?" The blonde wondered. "I thought it would be impolite to negotiate the sex with Neville still here. I mean, he's not the incubus master. It would have been embarrassing for him. Don't you think?"
Scratching his Slytherin's neck to wake him gently, the Gryffindor agreed. "Maybe, but you were quite direct."
"It's the fastest way."
"Without a doubt."
"Whasit?" Blaise blinked, looking around in the sun-filled compartment, smiling dopily up at Harry. "Hey, gorgeous."
"Hey, little snake. Luna has something she would like to talk to you about."
"Oh, I …" sitting up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, the Slytherin gratefully took the bottle of water the young Ravenclaw offered. "Thanks. What do you want to talk about, Luna?"
"I would like to have sex with you." She stated calmly.
She got sprayed with water, with Blaise hacking up a lunge before he wheezed, "I … excuse me, did you just propose me, with my boyfriend sitting right next to me?"
Tapping away the water that had gotten into her eyes, Luna shook her head, "Of course not. Harry's your master, not your boyfriend. I would never do something like that."
Paling, the Slytherin looked at Harry. "I didn't … I never talked about it at Hogwarts. I swear!"
Chuckling, Harry caressed his cheek. "I know. Luna told me about our relationship even before you chose me. She's kind of … special. She also mentioned an interest in you. I told her that I would not interfere in your personal affairs and that she had to talk to you personally."
"I … you …" Blaise looked between the two. "You want me to …" he studied the girl far more intensely than before, maybe actually seeing her for the first time. "You're not all human, right, Luna?"
"Neither are you."
"She promised to share her gifts." The Slytherin concluded. "And I am the payment."
"Luna, could you give us a minute?" The girl left the compartment, only to stand guard outside of the door. Harry cast a privacy charm, Tom had taught him. Then he reached for his follower. Looking into his incubus wary eyes, the young man assured, "Listen, Blaise, yes, Luna offered me insight that has proven invaluable already. And yes, she has requested your time, so to speak. But what I've just said still stands. If you have no interest in her, I will not allow her to touch you. You bound yourself to me, and with that promise comes protection. It's your choice, who you sleep with. Always has been, always will be."
"Except when it's you."
Grinning, Harry confirmed, "Except when it's me. I know Luna is quirky and sometimes strange. But she is a good person. I don't know why she's interested in you. I think it has something to do with her fae nature. But I have not asked about it. That was too private for my liking. She told me that she would never let me mark her, but she would provide insight on a need-to-know basis. I try to protect her at Hogwarts. But I won't whore you out. That's not how it works. Say the word, and she will never touch you!"
Licking his lips, looking at the waifish blonde through the compartment door, Blaise pondered, "You … you touch me but you never … I thought that I hated sex but …"
"But you miss it," Harry deduced. "We've charged you. So, any sexual contact you have for the next two weeks at least should be safe. And if you want me to, I can stay outside of the compartment to make sure I can immediately intervene should anything happen. But you have to tell me that you want this. Or I will send Luna away."
"You wouldn't have to send her away," the Slytherin took a deep breath. "What if …"
"What if …?"
"What if I wanted you to stay?" The Slytherin whispered.
"Show off!"
"No … I mean yes, but that's not … that's not why I want you close. It's just … I'm afraid to get lost again. It's been so long. And Luna is a really nice girl. I don't want to put her at risk."
"Does this mean that you want to have sex with her?"
"I … yes, I think so."
"Because of what she could offer me?"
The incubus shook his head. "Because of what she could offer me. I miss intimacy, and somehow I don't think Luna's the type for one-night-stands."
Laughing out loud, Harry shook his head.
"What?"
"Just wait until September. Wait until it hits the school that 'Looney Lovegood' managed to steal the boyfriend of the 'Boy-Who-Lived'!"
Rolling his eyes, Blaise nudged the other. "Having sex once does not make a relationship."
"Just you wait. I think Luna has everything planned out."
"In that case, let's not keep the Lady waiting."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    After more than an hour, Ron dared to inquire, 'Is our compartment safe again?'
'Sure,' Harry replied. 'But could you hunt down Neville and Luna's trunk? I think Blaise has worn her out, and I would prefer to have her things at hand. I still don't trust the other Ravenclaws.'
'We need to work on that,' Hermione decided. 'Bullying should never be tolerated. Not between the houses, and certainly not within.'
Mentally, Harry agreed, even if he remembered somewhat ashamed how they had treated Neville in their first year. In hindsight, that had been little better than bullying. He weaved a silencing ward over Blaise and Luna, who now lay curled up on the bench beside him. Blaise, again with his head in Harry's lap, reading a book. Luna cushioned by his upper arm, fast asleep. Harry had enlarged the bench to make it more comfortable.
When Ron, Hermione and a reluctant Neville entered, the Slytherin grinned at them and stretched like a cat.
"Yea, we get it, Blaise, Luna's good!" Ron teased, inviting Neville to the window seat, furthest away from the pair.
"Very good," the incubus purred. "I've already forgotten how good sex can be."
When Ron swatted him half-heartedly with his bag, the Slytherin held up his arm to take the hit, so Luna would not be disturbed.
"Has Harry talked to you about his expectations when it comes to Luna?" Hermione wanted to know.
"You mean if he made it clear that he wouldn't lend me out like the latest muggle car for anyone to test-drive?"
Neville made a choking sound, resolutely looking out of the window. Blaise grinned, "Yes, Hermione, Harry has made it very clear that I can fuck or not fuck whomever I want."
"Blaise!" The pureblood protested weakly. "I really don't want to hear about you and Harry's open relationship!"
"Okay," the Slytherin shrugged and returned to his book.
Embarrassed tension filled the compartment while everyone hung after their own thoughts or enjoyed on their literature until an elderly witch knocked on the door, "Anything from the trolley, dearies?"
"Yes," came Luna's dreamy voice. "I'd like a tuna wrap and a chocolate frog, please. With a Scamander card, if at all possible." She then rummaged around her dress pockets, but Blaise interrupted her, "Allow me, my Lady."
After a few bites of their lunch, Luna smiled and kissed Blaise's cheek. "I only came here for the sex but thank you for lunch. It was nice of you to invite me."
This time, Harry was fast enough with the shielding charm so that the soda, Neville spat out, didn't soak him through.

At Kings Cross, Harry searched for a chance to slip away when someone reached for his collar and pulled him behind a pillar. In half a heartbeat, Harry, Ron and Hermione had their wands trained on the attacker.
"Not bad," Bill praised. "But you should keep an eye on your surroundings. They could make or break you in a fight."
The trio relaxed somewhat and looked down. Their feet, up to their ankles, had sunken into quicksand. "What …" Hermione began, pulling out her feet, feeling like she was moving through tar.
"It's an Egyptian curse. The longer I hold it, the further you will sink until you're gone."
Trying to move out of the area, Ron commended, "That's all very interesting, but why did you accost Harry?"
"Because he needs to return to the Dursleys." Bill looked over the trio's heads, spotting fellow members of the Order. "They are watching you. Moody and consorts will interfere if you try to escape."
"No way!" The teenager barred his teeth. Now that his feud with Tom was through, he had no intention whatsoever to return to his former family. The last summer had been amazing, challenging, draining, but he had been happier than he could have ever imagined. For the first time, he had felt wanted!
Bill reached out, and reluctantly, Harry allowed a hand on his shoulder. "Please, Harry, trust me. You have to return to the Dursleys. Just for a few days, a week at most." He pulled out a vial with a piece of papyrus in it. "Give me your hand." Pricking Harry's index finger, he instructed. "Three drops into the vial and then seal it."
After doing so, the teenager observed the paper soaking up the red liquid, then turning pristine again. Bill wrapped the cord around his neck and hid the vial under Harry's shirt. "Keep this on your person at all times. As soon as you enter your 'home'," he exaggerated, "your family will feel everything you feel. If you are hungry, so will they be. If they make you work in the garden, without shade or drink, they will feel hot and parched. If they hurt you … you get the picture.
"I have watched them. And I think this is the fastest way for them to evict you. The moment they do, you can't call Privet Drive your home any longer. The wards will fall. There will be no trace, no guardian, nothing the Order, Dumbledore or even the Ministry can do to keep track of you. They are watching, but not all day. Once you are thrown out … " He tempered off. His face looked like one of his employers, vindictive and mean. Strangely, the trio found comfort in that. Ron had taken a risk when revealing the location of Harry's home. However, Bill had shown constraint and not done anything that could be traced back to them.
Looking up, Harry chuckled. "I think you seriously overestimate their endurance. The moment they realise that they've been bewitched, they'll throw me out. I give them four days at most." Trading a look with his friends, the Dark Lord's equal offered a vicious smile. Then he closed his arms around Bill, whispering to him, "I'm in your debt. Should you need anything, call me, and I will do everything in my power to help you."
The curse-breaker mirrored the embrace. Yet, when he pulled back, he hesitated. "If I could take your word for it, look out for Fred and George. They've started their shop, but …"
"No," Harry held up his hand. "Fred and George are their own people. Any support I can offer will depend only on how they treat me and mine. The bon I offer to you and you alone."
"Alright," Bill relented, then he looked over the trio's shoulder once more. "Go now. Or the Order will get suspicious."
"Thanks, Bill. See you around."
When they had all gone their separate ways, Harry contacted Ron one last time, 'Keep an eye on the twins. If they are in trouble, I want to know.'
'Like a hawk, mate. If something's wrong, I'll find out.'

The Dursleys only needed three days to realise that someone had put a spell on them. Having been fed and watered at Hogwarts, it took Harry two days to get hungry. After nearly breaking down in the garden, Petunia accused him that there was a spell at work.
Looking up from his third glass of water that day - it was nearly six in the evening - Harry merely grinned and pulled out the vial. Immediately Vernon reached for it, pulled it from his neck … ouch, they did not seem to have a high pain tolerance since they all cried out … and stomped on it. When that didn't work, he put a hammer to it, tried to burn it and then throw it out. With detached interest, Harry watched his uncle. He had faith in the curse-breaker to make the anchor of his curse indestructible. After the vial had been thrown into a gully, Harry took a knife to his arm and made a shallow cut. No apparent range limit, or a massive one, knowing Bill. An interesting piece of magic. He would have to get Bill and Hermione to discuss it. Maybe even Bill and Tom.
Ignoring the burning pain in his arm, Vernon reached for Harry. His grip was somewhat loose, but the teenager had no intention whatsoever to shake him off. When the meaty man propelled him into his room, he allowed himself to stumble and hit his head on the bed frame; not enough for a concussion, but definitely enough for a headache. That would teach them.
The following day his trunk, backpack, and everything he had ever owned, even his broken toy soldiers, sat on the front lawn of No. 4 Privet Drive, Little Winging. "Out!" Vernon shouted as soon as Harry had left his room to prepare breakfast. "You are no longer welcome here. Leave this house and never, ever come back!"
"But this is my home!" He offered token protest; inwardly, grinning triumphantly.
"This is not your home any longer!"
Petunia protested weakly, obviously recalling Dumbledore's letter. But magic was all about intent, and Harry could feel the blood-wards crumble. Showing his teeth, Harry gave a mocking bow, "Thank you, Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia. As a parting gift, have this: >Accio Pendant!<" They waited for nearly a minute before the little vial flew towards him. Catching it easily, Harry threw it into the air and hissed >Bombarda<." A thousand glass-shards rained down on them. Good luck getting them out of the lawn. Then he apparated away.

"That was faster than anticipated," Severus remarked, putting down the newspaper, looking at his master over the breakfast table.
Grinning, Harry plopped down on the second lawn chair and helped himself to some coffee. "You knew?"
"Ron send a letter Sunday evening. He was concerned that you would call for help to get away from Privet Drive."
Taking a slice of toast, slathering it with jam, the teenager grinned, "Wasn't that hard. Tom removed the trace from my wand last summer."
"Did you come only to steal my breakfast? If so, please, help yourself. It's not as if I wanted to have a meal this morning."
"In the last two days, I had two slices of stale bread and a can of noodle soup I shared with Hedwig!"
"Lily!" When the elf popped up, beaming when seeing her master, she nodded enthusiastically, when Severus ordered, "A full English Breakfast for Harry, and a few more slices of toast for me, please."
"Lily will be bringing them immediately!" She bounced once and then popped away.
After Harry had eaten his fill and was curled up contently with a cup of tea, Severus inquired, "Why did you come here and not to the Peverell Hall?"
Scratching the back of his neck, the young man admitted, "It's easier to apparate somewhere familiar, and your mark serves as a guideline. Also, I don't trust Dumbledore and his monitoring spells, charms, bits and bobs. Your cottage is under Fidelius. I didn't want to accidentally betray the position of my home. Could you check me and my stuff for tracking spells, please?"
"A sensible thought." And wasn't that high praise from the Potion Master. Gesturing towards the beach, the wizard instructed. "Spread everything out. I will check your belongings in groups to speed up the process."
By lunchtime, Harry fell into the arms of his soulmate, hugging him close. "I missed you, *my Horcrux*."
"I missed you too. It's good to be home."

After his elaborate breakfast, Harry spent the rest of the day in his room to finally make it his own. He had never had anything this grand and comfortable. Though he had spent the last summer here, it had not felt like his. Despite knowing that Tom wanted him here, a part of him had still considered Privet Drive his home. A home where he was not wanted, but home, nevertheless. Now he sorted his books onto the carved shelves next to the window. Then he sorted his clothes - even his old ones - into the enlarged wardrobe. His photo album was carefully stored in the bedside table. Only one picture of his parents dancing was put on top. Harry had bought a frame two summers ago, and of course, Dudley had broken it. But the chipped wood somehow suited the decades' old picture. Even his kid's toys found a place on the slim shelf that lined the top of his desk. They looked shabby and out of place, but somehow it felt right to have them there. Then he sorted through his schoolbooks to start his summer homework. He knew Tom had no intention of going easy on him. They would cover charms, hexes, curses, basically everything else Harry could ever need. Also, parselmagic, as he was one of two people in Great Britain who could actually use it. So, the faster homework was out of the way, the better. Thinking about where to start, Harry was toying with one of his little soldiers. Nearly inaudible, Nagini slithered into the room.

  *You did not greet me upon your arrival.*

*You were hunting,* The thick bulge in her body gave her away.
*That's no excuse.* Grumbled the snake.
*No, but it's an explanation.* How weird had his life become, that he could spend his days arguing with a snake, not looking over his shoulder if someone would call him a freak, the heir of Slytherin or something equally ridiculous.
She inspected his room, the little decorations he had brought along and finally him. Her head in his lap, she took in the little soldier. *Can I eat that? You have more.* Reasonable, since there were three more and a horse.

  *They are plastic. I seriously doubt that you would like it.*

*I will be the judge of that.* Nagini replied haughtily.
Shrugging, the teenager held out the toy for her to 'taste'. Flickering her tongue over it, the snake reared back. *That is vile. Why do you have it?*
Putting the soldier back to his comrades, lining them up, Harry shrugged. *Sentiment, I guess.*

  *They don't look alike. What is wrong with them?*

*They are broken.* When Nagini did not reply, he felt the need to elaborate. *The only toys I had in my childhood were my cousin's cast-offs. Those I rescued from the bin. I hid them under my mattress and played with them whenever they locked me … sometimes.*
Her tongue flickered over his cheek. From the top of her perch, Hedwig shrieked. She must have come in at some point, but Harry hadn't realised. The snake hissed and then, demonstratively, tasted Harry's cheek again before returning to the floor. The teenager chuckled, watching the two, *You still get along, I see.* Had Hedwig honestly thought Nagini dangerous, she would have attacked. His owl, however, still sat on her perch, looking down haughtily.
*Your feather duster is acceptable. We were hunting the other day. She caught a rabbit.* Then she slithered out of the room.
Chuckling, Harry rose and approached his companion. Caressing her soft feathers, he offered his head for grooming when she stretched her neck. "I'm glad that the two of you get along." After a bit of peck, he put his arms around the perch and stroke her belly. "Yes, I'm glad to see you too. Sorry that I ignored you when you came in." Her grooming turned gentle again. Apparently, he was forgiven.

Severus had decided to join them for dinner. It seemed that he had missed Harry, despite having seen him four days prior. But even the teenager had to admit that seeing someone at school did not necessarily mean that you could spend quality time with them. So, he enjoyed snuggling up to Severus, who - after a few minutes of uncomfortable fidgeting - put his arm around Harry and finally relaxed with his digestif. Trading a triumphant look with Tom, he wanted to know, "So, did I miss anything these last few days?"
"Fudge resigned in disgrace," the Dark Lord shared.
Nearly slipping off the couch, remaining only thanks to Severus tightening his arm around him, Harry whipped around. "And you didn't think to mention that during breakfast?"
Severus, however, only glared, "Two pieces of bread and noodle soup. You'll forgive me for thinking that feeding you was more important than satisfying your political curiosity."
"The muggles starved you?" Tom growled, red eyes flaring up in anger.
"Don't bother," Harry made a dismissive gesture. "Ron's brother Bill will take care of them."
"Is that the dragon tamer?"
The Potions Professor chuckled vindictively, "No, William works as a curse breaker for Gringotts, with a special interest in Egyptian Tombs."
Pondering the information for a moment, Lord Voldemort relaxed back into his seat. "That is acceptable."
"Glad you approve, my Lord. So, Fudge resigned. Who's Minister now?"
"Rufus Scrimgeour."
"What do we know about him?"
Sipping his drink, Tom recalled, "He was Head Auror, so people think that he will make short process of the threat I pose. But I've already put Lucius and a few others on his case. Though our Lord Malfoy has a harder time at the Ministry, now that Fudge is gone, he still can swarm Scrimgeour with rules, regulations and engage him in political play. That should keep his interference to a minimum."
"Plus," Harry reasoned, "No raids. As long as we keep them on the down-low, he has no political foothold to work against us. Lord Peverell can act independently from your Dark Lord persona, changing the necessary laws right under his nose."
"That's the plan," said Dark Lord agreed, looking proud at Harry.
"You are getting good at this," Severus mentioned quietly. When the teenager looked up confused, his professor elaborated, "Politics and the necessity of having plans within plans. A Slytherin approach."
Shrugging, the young man admitted, "I don't particularly like it. But Tom's past with Dumbledore has proven that being honest will get us nowhere. Not when our enemies are convinced that we should all integrate into the muggle world because we'll all get along swimmingly."
"What makes you think that we won't? Mankind has come a long way from the Witch Burnings." Severus had never dared to discuss this with his former master. He had accepted the Dark Lord's believes and had not dared to question them. Harry was different. He usually saw no harm in being questioned, as long as his advisor was respectful about it.
"Not as long as you think," the young man mumbled, pulling back a little so he could face him. "I know that my relatives are not a prime example of muggle behaviour. They are narrow-minded, arrogant and greedy. Vernon is jealous of everyone who is even a little better than him, and Petunia abhors not having the best of everything. They are prejudiced against those who are different, be it in skin colour, educational background, or sexual orientation. I was in elementary school when two really nice young women bought a house in Privet Drive. They were friendly and kind and gave me ice tea once when I helped them with their groceries. They were well educated and well clad. Aunt Petunia curried favours with them at every opportunity. Then she realised that they were in a relationship. From that day on, she started scheming against them. The majority of the neighbourhood was on her side since the Dursleys have lived at Privet Drive longer. The couple moved within the year, despite Mrs. Alexandra being seven months pregnant by then."
"You are aware that same-sex relationships are viewed quite differently in the wizarding world?" Tom wanted to know. He had not interrupted, too interested in his Horcrux's thoughts on the topic. Though they had agreed on the need for a strict separation of witches and muggles, they had never discussed Harry's reasons for believing it necessary. He had always assumed that his own arguments had been accepted as valid.
Shrugging, the young man admitted, "I honestly don't know. It's not as if we have any gay couples parading around Hogwarts."
Surprised, Severus inquired tentatively, "If you are not sure that same-sex couples are accepted, why were you not opposed to pursuing an affair with me?" then he bit his own lip, immediately regretting the question.
"Because I like you," Harry replied, confused. "We've talked about this, Severus. I like you. I trust you! I feel sexually attracted to you. I think those are ideal conditions for a relationship. Also, when have I ever conformed to public opinion?" He snorted. "I get this whole 'continue the line' thing, but there are surrogates and adoption. I believe I've even read of a blood adoption once. We could do that, and everything would be alright, wouldn't it?"
Baffled by the young man's rational view on the subject, Severus had to admit that trust, attraction and sympathy were indeed good reasons to pursue a relationship. Yet, at the same time, this clinical view felt … strange. He shook his head. From Harry's point of view, their shared future seemed all but certain. On the one hand, he felt gratified to be viewed as a suitable candidate.
On the other hand,… those statements were so … cold. Uncomfortable following this line of thought, he returned to their original topic. "If you are aware that your family was out of the norm, what makes you think that the other muggles wouldn't be more accepting."
"Because I read. Every year, during the summer, I pick up discarded newspapers and get snips and pieces from the news Uncle Vernon watches in the evening. Though he usually talks trash about whatever is on, I can see that people discriminate. Some even go to war against those of different races, beliefs, or even resources. If muggles ever suspected our existence, they would set up facilities where they would use us as lab rats to discover the source of our magic, finding ways to use it for their own gain. Ultimately, they would eradicate us if they could not bend us to their will." Nodding towards Tom, Harry added quietly, "And this time there wouldn't be pyres. They would bomb us off the face of the earth. Some of them even going so far as to accept civilian casualties. I can't … we, can't let that happen. Not if we have a chance to prevent it."
"So, you did learn."
"I'm slow, Tom, not stupid!"
Rising to kiss his Horcrux's forehead, Tom assured. "I never thought you were."
Harry snuggled back under Severus' arm, and for a while, the three wizards hung after their own thoughts. Around ten, Harry wanted to know, "Before I go to bed, how far are we on the ritual for Neville's parents?"
"The crescent moon is on the seventh. It will make it easier for us to pull the Longbottoms into a meditative state to identify their fears and triggers. Passions and desires are closer to the surface on a waxing moon. With the right anchor, we might be able to pull them out."
"Two days," the young wizard pondered. "I'll be in the library tomorrow at six. If you could make your notes available, I will try to go over them, so you can bring me up to speed over breakfast."
After Tom's nod, Harry turned towards Severus and kissed his cheek. "Good night. See you tomorrow for breakfast."
After his departure, the Dark Lord only rolled his eyes on his former servant. The besotted look on the Potion Master truly was a sight to behold.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    When Harry returned to his room, he found a worn-down stuffed bunny on his bed. "What?" Picking up the toy and turned it over. The fur was shabby, and the cream and pink bow around its neck torn. Overall, the toy was a little damp and a lot dusty.*Disgusting soldiers are not a suitable toy for children!* Nagini informed him, from where she lay curled up in the last patch of sunlight. *Since Tom is alone now, I will go and talk to him.* Then she escaped via a vent.Harry could only look at the old bunny and felt tears rising. How blessed was he to have found a family where even the familiar cared enough about him to offer tokens of comfort? "Lily?" He called around the lump in his throat. When the little elf popped up, he held out the rabbit. "Could you maybe clean this up?"Reaching for the toy, the little elf promised, "I will make it as good as new.""No," the teenager called out, nearly taking it back. "It's … actually it's perfect the way it is. I just … I just want it to be clean and … brushed a little?" He was not sure what could nest in the clumped-up patches of fur since the toy seemed to come from the attic. In magical households, anything could be infested if it lay dormant for decades or even centuries. It was better to give it a deep cleansing.Studying the stuffed rabbit, Lily nodded after a few moments. "Lil … I will do my best." Then she popped away.After showering and slipping into his pyjamas, Harry caressed Hedwig's feathers before he went to bed. "I think we have finally found our home, Hedwig. This is the place for us, and we should do everything to protect it!"The quiet coo from his owl and her bobbing suggested that she agreed.
  
When he woke, a brushed up stuffed bunny, who still looked worn around the edges, sat beside Harry's pillow. The fur had been cleansed, and though the frayed ends of his bow had been clipped, you could still see the hand of time. All in all, Harry thought it perfect and hid it under his blankets after making his bed.It was 11 p.m. on Sunday, July 7th, 1996. Ron and Hermione were ready to open their connection in case Harry needed a boost. With Tom as his partner, that was unlikely, but the trio was prepared. Entering St. Mungos in the dead of night was not hard. You only had to act like you belonged and knew where to go. That worked right until a healer and his 'apprentice' entered the Janus Thickly Ward. The first nurse that tried to intercept them flinched back from the Black Masks they had donned. Immediately, she rang the alarm. Fortunately, she was not fast enough to keep them from entering the Longbottoms' room. Frank and Alice were sleeping peacefully. That would work in their favour. Harry cast a silencing spell over the bed, while Tom wove the first wards to keep everyone out.Gently sliding the bed into the middle of the room, the Dark Lord pulled out the paraphernalia while Harry drew the circle. "Do you think thirty minutes will be enough?""Knowing Augusta Longbottom, she will be rung out of bed as soon as someone enters the room of her precious Frank without permission. I think even I was only able to get in here last Christmas because Neville accompanied me.""Then how come that I could?"Smiling, though the other could not see it, Harry offered, "We share a soul, don't we? Where I go, you can go and vice versa."Chuckling, Tom tilted his head, "That does come in handy. Here are the candles. I will draw the runes. You are still not precise enough."Offering the calk in exchange for the blue candles, Harry looked at the door when the commotion started. "Fifteen minutes. Lady Longbottom slacks off.""How can you be sure that your friend will come along?"The young wizard gestured towards the door. Neville stood on the other side, ignoring the screaming at his back. He watched the two black-clad figures with hawk's eyes. For a few moments, Harry hesitated, then he raised hiw and to briefly lift the ward on the door. It was now or never. They needed Neville's cooperation, but if he allowed his grandmother or, worse, any of the healers in, they would miss their window of opportunity. The door closed behind the young man before anybody had even realised that it had been opened. His grandmother was immediately hammering against it, but the student merely lifted his wand to put up a silencing charm. He hovered at the entrance, studying the scenery, not interrupting their preparations.Seven minutes.Then he turned towards the smaller figure. "Where do you need me, Harry?"The black-clad couple froze."How …?"Finally relaxing, Neville fully entered the room. "A couple of Slytherins worked in greenhouse six this year. Nobody notices the 'useless' Longbottom heir, who can't even cast a descent shielding spell. So, they talk. Since January, they've talked about a new player on the field. Someone the Dark Lord," he tilted his head towards the taller man, "introduced as his 'equal' during the Death Eater meeting before Yule. A month later, this 'equal' comes with two followers: a witch and a wizard. They move in synch, unsettlingly so. Nobody understands how this wizard casts his spells. He rarely talks, only sometimes gestures, and few can feel his power, though it has to be vast judging by his word- and wandless magic. I'm weak, but I'm not a fool, Harry. It could only be you. You dispelled the last of my doubts when you told us about the prophecy and how you didn't want to be a pupped for the 'Light Side'. That does not leave much room for interpretation.""Harry is not a puppet for the Dark Side, either." Tom felt the need to point out, as floored as his 'equal' by the Gryffindor boy's conclusions.Glaring, Neville pointed out, "Forgive me, Lord Voldemort," he spat, "but I'm afraid I have to see that to believe it."Nobody said a thing. Finally, the pureblood sighed. "You think you can help them, don't you? You wanted to, at Christmas. I could see it in your eyes."Harry nodded."What do you want in return? Because I don't think I could follow him, after what the Lestranges and Crouch did to my parents!"Taking off his mask, barely noticing that Tom was layering another ward over the door and windows, Harry approached his friend. "That's not how it works, Neville. I am here because I think we can help. That comes with no obligations on your part.""You want to tell me that you are doing this out of the goodness of your heart? And he," Neville gestured towards Voldemort, "goes along with it."Shaking his head, Harry corrected. "No, I am doing this because it's the right thing to do! Barty and Bella should never have cursed your parents. I know they can't understand how wrong it was, though I have certainly tried with Barty. If this works, your parents can see their son growing up. My parents will never get that chance.""I'm not sure I trust you, Harry. I feel like I don't even know you anymore."Reaching for Neville's arm, relieved that his friend didn't pull back, Harry prompted, "You don't have to trust me, but believe in me for twenty minutes. That's all I need. Five years of sharing a dorm, for twenty minutes. Can you do that?"Studying green eyes and red, the young pureblood finally took a deep breath and nodded. "Moonrise is in two minutes. Where do you need me?"Alice Longbottom's mind was different from anything Harry had ever experienced. He had learned to organise his own thoughts. They mainly presented as books, scrolls and pictures in a library. It was chaotic at times, like the Gryffindor common room, where scrools lay haphazardly on tables or pictures on the walls showed memories of people he knew. He had rummaged through Severus' when they had manipulated his memories last year. The Potion Master's mind was structured and neat, much like the men himself. Tom was different altogether. They met in rooms he conjured, but Harry did not know if any of them had ever been real. But this …Entering Alice's subconscious was like drowning in the Black Lake in February. Everything was dark and hostile. There was pressure from all sides that suffocated Harry, and he was scared … so very, very scared. Untold dangers surrounded him, and all he wanted was to hide and to protect the precious golden spark that … was somehow more important than anything else, even his own life. If he could save that spark from harm, everything he suffered was worth it. But Harry did not know the danger, did not understand how to defeat it, and he felt like drowning.'Breathe, Harry!' Tom's calming presence was suddenly beside him, holding him, surrounding him with an intangible barrier that kept the fear at bay. 'Remember, this is not your mind. Whatever happens, will only hurt you if you allow it. Think of it as similar to the Horcrux. If you don't feel like dealing with it, you can lock it behind an invisible wall, watching but safe from harm.'Harry concentrated, and it got easier. He was able to imagine a kind of bubble around Tom and himself. There were impressions of Quidditch Games, fragments of beautiful poems that made him feel content. Once he was sure of himself again, he looked around. 'What should we do now?''Now, we identify the triggers and unbind them from the terror.' The Dark Lord explained, lighting up the memories around them, and for the first time, his equal could identify certain instances. There was Auror training, where Frank had made a fool of himself because he had overestimated his abilities. Augusta who looked down on a pureblood witch of no social standing until her fiancé put his foot down. Oh, how much he loved this man! There were aches and sometimes even pain as his belly grew. Yet, at the same time, such an infinite amount of love and care for the little boy that grew inside him. Neville! Harry realised. The most precious being in the entire universe! The Death Eaters had been looking for his baby boy, and he could not go out there, could not be tortured again, because this time he would break and put the light of his life at risk.'Alice … shhh … it's alright. It's over. Neville is here with you. He won't get hurt.'It was not easy to convince the broken mind that their … no, her child was safe. He and Tom worked on unbinding the overwhelming fear from the experience of torture. Since the body was healthy, without the negative feelings attached, the fight became less … overwhelming, less destructive. They had survived, so it wasn't as devastating any longer.Frank was different because he opposed them every step of the way. He seemed to be more aware than Alice that the torture happened a long time ago. That he and his wife were safe. But something kept him from 'waking'. His precious Alice, his beloved baby, he had to keep them safe. He could suffer any torture, even if it destroyed his body, but he could not allow his mind to be broken. If that happened, his family would be in danger, probably even killed. His mother was a formidable witch, one not to be trifled with, but his little boy … he was just so small, only at the beginning of his life. His boy still had a lot to learn before he could stand on his own. James and Lily … and the little Harry … that could not happen to his beloved Alice and Neville. It just couldn't. Better to give up on life and take the secret of his family to the grave.Harry's eyes flew open, and he stared at his friend. "Longbottom Manor is under Fidelius, and your father is the Secret Keeper.""What?" Neville protested. "No, the Manor is …" but he couldn't, could not share the address of his home, because … "That's why he locked himself away," the teenager understood. "All grandma does is tell him how useless I am. So, he thinks he has to stay locked in his own mind to protect me.""Exactly," the other Gryffindor nodded. "You have to talk to them, Neville. Touch them and tell them what you've learned this year. How much you have grown and that you could more than hold your own, or at least defend yourself until you can run away.""He'll think me a coward.""No! He'll think you smart. You are just a teenager, Neville, not an Auror. Keeping you safe is the only thing that matters to them!"Nodding, his friend concentrated on the two semi-awake figures on the bed. He touched their faces, their hair. He told them how he had mastered the shielding spell and that he now could disarm his opponent. He shared that Harry had taught him the Patronus Charm, and though his was not corporal, it certainly would hold back a Dementor.Meanwhile, Harry and Tom dove back into his parents' minds and started to unravel their emotions. They would need therapy and hours upon hours of mediation because they could not afford to be overly selective. Most likely, they would be emotionally all over the place for the next few months. However, none of that mattered if they were finally willing to wake up."It's done," Harry opened his eyes, looking at Neville, only to pale and fly around the bed to catch Tom, who had smiled triumphantly, before crumbling to the floor. A thin trail of blood dripped out of his nose."Neville? Baby?" Someone whispered. The voice was hoarse from disuse but no less determined for it."Son?" A stronger tone, yet more unsure at the same time.Having taken over the ward that had crumbled, Neville wasn't exactly sure what was going on when the Dark Lord lost consciousness. However, there were far more important things to attend to. Slowly, he turned around, and for the first time in his life, he met the clear eyes of his parents. "Mum? Dad? By Merlin …" He started trembling.Casting a featherlight charm, Harry picked up his soulmate."You are Lily's boy, aren't you?" Alice wanted to know. She seemed confused, but her mind was obviously working through the situation. So, she studied Harry and the adult wizard in his arms."Who are these people, Neville?" His father wanted to know. Frank seemed a little more alert than his son and clearly worried.Neville swallowed a sob and shared, "This is my classmate Harry Potter and … a friend, I think." Then he turned towards them. "What happened? Is he alright?""Magical exhaustion.""How is that possible? He's …"Shrugging, Harry pulled his soulmate close to his chest. "It doesn't matter. He's still just a man. A powerful man, but still only one person with a set amount of power.""You are only a teenager. How come you are not bleeding out on the floor?" His friend wanted to know.Somewhat sheepishly, the Gryffindor admitted, "Well, I'm not exactly alone …""Ron and Hermione … of course," rolling his eyes, Neville prompted, "Go. I'm not strong enough to keep up his wards for much longer. If you can take him to the lobby, there is a fireplace. It's almost two. I doubt anybody will be around to stop you."Steeling himself, Harry closed his eyes and gathered the last reserves he dared to take from his friends. "Now." He ordered. The moment Neville let go of the wards, he apparated out of the room.Lowering his wand, trembling all over, Neville slowly turned around and drank in the picture of his startled parents. Parents who looked back at him. Reaching for his back pocket, he pulled out a wand. "Grandma gave it to me, but I'm afraid it didn't work."Hesitantly taking his wand back, marvelling at the magic that coursed through him after such a long time, Frank smiled at his amazing son. "No, I imagine it wouldn't, too much power and too little finesse. Your mother's wand would have suited you better."They hovered, for a heartbeat, then Alice burst out into tears, reaching for her son. "Come here, baby. Oh, how much I've missed you." Only slipping off his shoes, Neville crawled into the bed, like a child after a nightmare, curling up between his parents. His mother immediately wrapped his arms around him, and his father hugged them both from behind. After a moment, he broke down in huge sobs. Rocking back and forth in his parent's arms, the teenager whispered again and again, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I love you. I love you so much.""It's okay, sweetheart. It's fine. We're here now. Everything is going to be okay." His mother whispered.His father was clutching his wand with trembling fingers. He … they would need months, maybe years, to return to their former strength. But tonight, he could hold his son and wife, promising them, "It's alright, son. We are together again. Whatever happens, we'll deal with it!"After an exhausting hour, Neville finally lost consciousness. His parents were guarding his sleep. The wards he had cast upon entering the room held until morning.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    It was still two hours till sunrise when a soft pop in his bedroom woke Severus Snape on Monday. As a seasoned spy, he had his wand trained on the intruder before he had even made the conscious decision. Shivering, Lily stood beside his bed, already close to tears. "Lil… I is sorry to wake you, Master Severus. But Merope said that Master Harry and Master Tom need you."
"I am sorry," Severus corrected her, already pulling a warm robe over his pyjamas and reached for his potions bag. Socks. Boots. That had to do it. He held out his hand. "Bring me to your masters."
His heart stopped when he found Harry and the Dark Lord crumbled to the floor in Harry's bedroom. Merope standing beside them, twisting her hands in agitation, tears streaming down her face. "Master is not waking up," she whispered wetly. "Merope doesn't know what to do."
The teenager looked grey but not visibly injured. Lord Voldemort was bleeding from his nose, a thin trail that indicated brain injury. "Get Barty," Severus ordered and started a diagnostic charm.
The Death Eater rushed into the room half a minute later, paling when noticing his unconscious Lord. "What happened?" He demanded to know. Sinking to his knees, he used the sleeve of his pyjamas to gently wipe away the blood.
After a second diagnostic charm on Harry, Severus relaxed. "They are okay, just magically exhausted. Lord Voldemort even more so than Harry."
"They were doing the ritual on the Longbottoms tonight?"
"Yes," the Potion Master confirmed. "It seems that your master has overestimated his abilities."
"We should get them to bed. Best to let them sleep it off." Barty decided and started to pick up his Lord.
The dizzy teenager next to him did not like that at all. Snapping at attention, a holly wand was trained at the two adults. Burning red eyes dug into them, and a quiet voice hissed, "You will not harm them. They are under my protection." Harry's body was swaying from the strain, but Severus and Barty still pulled back carefully. A trigger-happy Horcrux was to be treated carefully.
The Potion Master tried to act as a voice of reason. "Tom, nobody is trying to harm them. The Dark Lord and Harry are magically exhausted. We need to get them on the bed."
Mistrustful, fighting to stay conscious, the Horcrux trained his wand first on the Potion Master and then on the Death Eater, clearly undecided if he should allow them close. So, Severus pressed on, "You are running on borrowed energy. You could be harming Ron and Hermione. Harry won't like that. We'll just get them into bed. Barty can guard them. You trust him, don't you?"
"I … he …" the Horcrux stammered, only holding on to consciousness by the skin of his teeth. "That is acceptable." Then he toppled to the floor.
"That could have gone better," Barty reasoned, picking up his Lord while Severus cared for Harry. The teenager was still too light for his liking, but the last year had helped him gain more weight. "It also could have gone a lot worse. The damage they have suffered is neglectable. With a few potions, they should be as good as new within the week."
"A week?" The Death Eater licked his lips nervously. "Master won't like that. To be confined to his rooms for a week, I mean."
"Well, if we are lucky, he'll be asleep for most of it."

Of course, because nothing was ever easy for Severus, Tom Riddle did not stay asleep. While Harry was an agreeable patient, you only had to threaten to call Hermione for him to stay put; Lord Voldemort would only remain in bed if his paperwork and a few books were brought to him. So, Severus and Barty set up a 'mobile office'.

Four days later, Lily came to Harry's room, anxiously rubbing her hands. Frowning, Harry sat his last homework assignment aside. He had only just started, but two weeks into the holidays and most of his schoolwork was already done. Hermione would be proud. "What is it, Lily? Is your paint not staying put, sweetheart?"
Severus had already admitted that the colours Lily had chosen suited his little cottage rather well. The attic bedroom had been painted a soft rose-gold colour, reflecting beautifully the light of the morning sun. The kitchen was pastel teal that contrasted with the eggshell-coloured shelves. The living room had received a coat of warm green-gold paint. The maroon sofa and furniture made it look bigger than it actually was. The outside of the cottage had been primed with the palest yellow. Now the dainty house was glowing in the sun. The Potion Lab had been last a broken white, not blinding but certainly light enough to enhance the natural and artificial light. The warm tones made working there quite enjoyable. It was different from Severus' old dungeon quarters. But that was just a passing thought. So, since Harry's elf had proven such brilliant eyes for colours, he was willing to indulge her again. However, the girl seemed close to tears.
"No, I … the guests … Daisy …" by now, she was squishing her fingers together. Since that looked painful, Harry slipped out of bed and reached for her. After trading a helpless look with his soulmate, he prompted, "What is it? Talk to me, Lily. Did they hurt your sister?"
However, Tom had little patience for such displays of emotion and called out sternly, "Daisy!"
The yellow-clad elf popped in and bowed low. "Master has called?"
They waited, but she did not look up again.
"Look at me, Daisy."
When she finally lifted her eyes, Tom and Harry realised that they were red-rimmed and with huge circles under them. All in all, she appeared to have not slept in a week. Considering how resilient house-elves were, this was a concerning development indeed.
A little softer, Tom asked, "What's wrong, Daisy?"
"Daisy is being a bad elf," the little one whispered, "but she's not punished because Master Tom said that we aren't allowed."
"I never said that you are not allowed to be punished, only that you are not permitted to do it yourselves. After all, isn't it my decision if an offence is worthy of punishment?"
"But I can't do the decorating," she wailed, "Daisy is responsible for the decorations, and she can't do it right."
Rubbing Lily's back to calm her down – the little elf seemed agitated on her sister's behalf – Harry wanted to know, "The Manor looks beautiful. You never see a wilted flower. You even change the vases and knick-knacks every month. I can't think of a single decoration that is not flawless. You are doing a great job, Daisy."
"Not in the room the guests are not allowed to leave! They are sad and angry and don't like anything I put in there!" She sobbed.
"Why do you think they don't like it?"
"They throw out the flowers and ruin the vases and destroy the figures. Daisy has even looked in the attic for something the guests would like, but everything gets broken."
Rolling his eyes, Tom ordered, "They are your family. Deal with them! I won't have them upset my household."
Pulling a soft robe over his lounge clothes – since they had been 'heavily discouraged' from leaving his room, they hadn't bothered to dress formally – the young man headed for the first floor.
Tom turned back towards the elven girls. "Now, the two of you will tell me exactly what has happened these last two weeks."

Harry knocked on the door of Sirius and Remus' suit. At the hesitant, "Enter," he called out, "I'm alone this time and would appreciate not being attacked in my own home."
"Harry?"
"No, Hermione," Harry rolled his eyes. Honestly, what a stupid question. How many attackers tended to knock on the doors of their potential victims? When he opened the door, he found Remus at the ready, wand in hand and Sirius propped up against a dozen pillows on the bed. His godfather wore a corset-like contraption to stabilise his spine. Apparently, it also helped him sit. All in all, he looked considerably better than the last time Harry had seen him. Before he could even properly greet them, Remus was upon him.
"Harry, what did he do to you? You smell … weak … what happened?"
Sighing, the young man admitted, "It's just magical exhaustion. And I'm nearly at full strength again, so don't bother."
"You are …," Remus gaped, "If you are better now, how bad was it at the beginning?"
Shrugging, Harry shared, "I lost consciousness. But I wasn't brain damaged." Contrary to Tom, who had given him quite a fright when he had finally learned of his soulmate's dire situation.
Fighting to get up from the bed, Sirius bellowed, "Not brain damaged? What did the bastard do? Harry, you have to get out of here. Why would you even …"
With a loud bang, the Dark Lord appeared in the middle of the room. Anger emanating off him in waves as he trailed his wand on Remus and Sirius as he roared, "You have been invited as guests into this house! You have been healed from a life-threatening injury, and in response, you attack my house elves, creatures who are peaceful and trusting, as you very well know! How dare you?"
"What?" Having pulled back from Tom's anger for a moment, his soulmate seemed to radiate coldness. "Why would you attack the elves? They are defenceless!"
"We …" Remus stammered.
But Sirius was beyond reason, "You kidnap first Harry and then us. You keep us here against our will, and now you care about what a stupid elf says? Who do you think you are?"
"I," Tom stated coldly, "am Lord Voldemort. Cru…"
Harry sighed, took his soulmate's wand away and started massaging his forehead. "No unforgivables in our home. We've talked about that. Belladonna, Briar, Rhodes, Daisy, Merope, Lily!" When the six elves popped into the room, he inquired, "What have Remus and Sirius done to you these last few weeks?"
Fortunately, the two wizards seemed to be at least ashamed when the elves listed their wrongdoings: From purposefully destroying bouquets to throwing vases against the walls, to screaming at them, throwing plates and cutlery and - Remus on one memorable occasion - growling and biting at them, when in the throes of transformation. He had primarily been confined to a separate room, heavily dosed with Dreamless Sleep since Severus had not had the chance to brew Wolfsbane last month. Still, their behaviour spoke more of unruly children than grown men.
Once the elves had finished their tale, Tom dismissed them. "Girls, you are not obliged to enter these rooms. Meals can be send up from the kitchen. Rhodes, Briar, if there is a problem with the day-to-day maintenance, come to me. Best do it when the gentlemen are sleeping. Daisy, please remove all decorations from the room."
With a snap of her fingers, the room was barren. Just the furniture and the sheets and pillows on the bed remained. It looked more like a prison that way, no matter the rich quality of the fixtures. "None of you are allowed to punish yourself over this. Have I made myself clear?" Once the elves had nodded, Harry offered his wand back.
"Find a punishment that fits the crime."
Studying the two perplexed wizards, he ordered, "Apologise to our elves and mean it!" Once that had happened, and the elves had popped away, he added in a hiss, "And I want an essay, at least twenty inches each on what motivated you to behave so abhorrently and how you could have done better! I want them on my desk by Saturday!"
Indignantly, Sirius barked, "An essay? We are no unruly children!"
Coldly, the Dark Lord met his eyes until the former Marauder looked away. "Then do not behave as such!" Then he swirled and left the room.
That could have gone … actually, Harry thought, that had gone pretty well. He, too, turned towards the door until his godfather reached out for him. "Harry, what is going on here? Why are we imprisoned? What does he have in hand against you?"
Remus added softly, "If it's Ron and Hermione or one of the other Gryffindors, we can help you. We can find a way for all of us to get out."
Taking a deep breath, fighting against overwhelming fatigue, the teenager shook his head and looked at the two grown men who were the closest thing to family he had. "The Department of Mysteries was a setup. The two of you should have never been there. Bellatrix nearly killed you, Sirius. Only because you matter to me did Tom heal you. I am not held here against my will, Sirius, Remus. This is my home. The first home I have ever known, where I am not treated with scorn or contempt. I brought you here because … because I want you by my side. Maybe that will happen. Maybe not. Honestly, from what I've seen today, I think that you are not ready to leave the past behind and work towards a better future for all witches and wizards of Britain. I can certainly see the appeal of thinking and acting like schoolboys, though I have not had that luxury since my first elementary school year. Dudley frightened away everyone who tried to be my friend. Also, I learned that having better grades than my cousin would get me punished. It was not really all that different at Hogwarts were, at the end of my first year of learning magic, I had to pass through an obstacle course set up by Dumbledore to rescue an object that would have been far safer at Gringotts in the first place."
They didn't say anything. When he pulled his arm away, Remus took half a step closer. "Can't we talk about this?"
Looking at them, Harry nodded, "We'll talk Saturday. After you've handed in your assignments."
Back in his rooms, he crawled into bed and curled up next to Tom.
His soulmate caressed his head, assuring him, "You don't need them."
"I know," Harry whispered, brushing away the stupid tears that came unbidden. "But I want them. They were the best friends of my parents. My last connection to them. Losing them would be like …"
"Losing James and Lily all over again." Tom sighed, kissing Harry's head. "I wish I could promise that they will come around. But I can't. Only they can make that decision."
"I know. Can we … I don't know. Can we just take a nap and not talk about it?"
"Certainly, *my Horcrux*. It's tea in two hours, anyway. We can rest until then." And with that, the Dark Lord slid down on the bed and pulled the distressed teenager into his arms. Comforting someone had never come naturally to him, but for Harry, he would try.

Saturday came and went, but neither Remus nor Sirius asked to talk to Harry again. While they had done their 'assignments', Harry's godfathers showed little concern about what he had actually done wrong, only apologised for it and offering some non-descriptive phrases on how to treat the elves better. Lupin's had been distracted. A mere task to perform without any personal touch to it. Harry had been frustrated but let them be.
Tom, who wanted his soulmate not to get attached to people who might disappoint him yet again, had not shared that the werewolf had done more than a half-attempted excuse on paper. Remus Lupin had actually requested a copy of the book Harry had given Sirius at Christmas. The request had been made via parchment and put on the tray with dinner on Friday. Afterwards, he had asked for newspapers, more books and essays from political campaign groups and civil right movements. Tom had not only offered the requested materials but added a few other volumes as well. Field reports from people who had been parts of cults, freedom movements, equal rights movements, and radicalisation pamphlets from various belief systems, both inside and outside of the UK, for the werewolf to study. Maybe a heavy dose of reality would do these two wizards some good.

"Can Ron come around for breakfast tomorrow?" Harry asked Tuesday evening, blowing air over his last assignment, to dry the ink before handing it over. They had retreated to the office now that they were not chained to bed any longer. And while Tom had installed a second desk for Harry to work on, his soulmate preferred the low table by the fireplace.
Glancing over the essay on plant-animal transformation, Tom nodded. "Of course, Barty will pick him up five minutes to eight."
After relating that information, Harry bounced on his toes, waiting for the verdict. After a few minutes, the Dark Lord lowered his essay and looked at him. "It is unbecoming for a Lord to fidget." Under his stern gaze, the young man calmed down for a minute and presented the picture-perfect pureblood, straight, detached, slightly bored. After an appreciative nod, he went back to bouncing. "So, is the essay alright? Can I go flying?"
"Do you plan on displaying this level of nervous energy the entire time I go over your schoolwork?"
"Pretty much, yes."
Looking at the other, Tom wanted to know, "And why is that, after I have just explained that it is inappropriate?"
Harry smirked, "Because then you'll get annoyed and shoo me out before reading the entire four pages."
Narrowing his eyes, Lord Voldemort looked at his equal disapprovingly. Grown Death Eaters were known to quiver before this gaze, but Harry merely grinned. After a full minute, the wizard sighed, "Shoo!" The teenager bounded out of the room, nearly hitting Barty on his way to get his broom.
"He has finished his last essay?" The Death Eater asked, surprised, remembering Harry's less than stellar performance at Hogwarts. While the boy had always done good in the lessons' practical parts, his written works would have been sorely lacking without Hermione's help. But this summer, his work ethic was exceptional. Without the distraction of chores from his muggle family or at Hogwarts, Harry could apparently perform admirably. They only needed to teach him to use this determination during the school year. The boy would pass his NEWTs with flying colours.
"Yes, and while his rhetoric could certainly improve, his understanding of the theory is sound."
"You want to correct it right now?" Barty licked his lips discretely.
Taking in his closest Death Eater, the Dark Lord pondered, "Well, since Harry is flying, I guess I have a while before he expects my response."
Grinning, the younger wizard inserted himself between his Lord and the desk. "Maybe, I could serve as a distraction."
Caressing Barty's face, Tom decided, "You certainly could," before pulling his lover into a heated kiss. Having his own home, where not a whole plethora of his followers could barge in any minute, certainly had its merits.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    That night, Harry came awake with a start. Dread was filling him – a fear of something he could not name. For the first time since binding with his friends, it was not his nightmare that woke him.'Hermione?' A non-coherent mumble whispered over their connection. Not her, apparently.'Ron?''No!' Fear. Uncertainty. Desperation.'Ron, mate, wake up! You're having a nightmare!''Harry? I …,' Ron came to rather slowly, and the anxiety abated a little. 'Bloody hell …''What's up?''Nothing, I … I'm fine.'Concerned, Harry sat up, rubbing the mark on his chest subconsciously. 'Ron, don't lie to me, please. You are not fine. We all have nightmares, but yours are never strong enough to leak through the shields. What's the matter?''Nothing, … I … look, I'm sorry. Can we … can we talk about this tomorrow?''Is this why you wanted to join us for breakfast?''Yea.''Should we get Hermione?''No!' Ron replied hastily. 'No, please, this is … private. No need to get her involved.''Ron,' Harry tried to send soothing emotions. From his point of view, it worked, but with minimal success. Still, his friend calmed a little, so he promised, 'you were my first friend. Whatever it is, we'll get through it. Alright?"'Yea,' the redhead agreed reluctantly, then relaxed and confirmed with more confidence. 'Yea, sure. I mean, we've tamed a Dark Lord. There's nothing we can't do.''You've said it. Back to sleep now?''Sure, good night, Harry.''Good night, Ron.'As soon as the other drifted off, Harry cast "Tempus". Quarter to five, good enough. Slipping out of bed, he knocked on Tom's door before slipping in.Surprised, the Dark Lord looked up from his first cup of tea. He usually took it in bed around half past four, studying various newspapers or reading a book before joining them for breakfast around eight. Tom had once told Harry that those first few hours were the most relaxing of his day. Since he needed very little sleep, he enjoyed watching the sun come up. Content just to be for the first time in his life. "Harry, what's wrong?""It's Ron." Then the teenager slipped onto the bed and stole a cup of tea before explaining what had happened. "What do you think could have happened to scare him that much?"Scratching his unshaved chin, an unusual look for the usually so immaculate wizard, Tom tilted his head. "There has been no Death Eater activity since the Department of Mysteries and your friend was there, so it's unlikely that he will develop nightmares nearly a month later. You are well again, even after the backlash of the ritual. If it's not outside influence, I assume Ron's distress comes from his family. He has already told you how manipulative his mother can be and how firmly she is in Dumbledore's pocket. I think it would be best for you to let him come to you. As your friend, he certainly would not like being investigated."Nodding, Harry suppressed a yawn. The Dark Lord shook his head and pulled his duvet over the teenager's shoulders. "Sleep, Harry. You still have two hours before you need to get up. Being sleep-deprived will help neither of you, and I assume that Ron will need you to have your wits about you when he finally shares his troubles."Curling up beside his soulmate, Harry mumbled. "This is nice, you know."Already distracted by his newspaper, Tom asked absent-minded, "What is?""Having someone to talk to. Someone who cares." The teenager breathed, drifting off again. "It's like … having a dad … I like it.""I like it too," Tom admitted, caressing his Horcrux's head.
Ron was pale and more introspective than Harry had ever seen him. He was tempted to call for Hermione but held on to his promise not to. They were already past their first cup of tea when Ron spoke for the first time, "Harry, during the Yule holidays, we've talked about compensation for me providing you with the knowledge you need to survive in the wizarding world."Tom sat down his cutlery and studied the Weasley boy.Harry did as well and looked at his friend. "We did."Turning towards the Dark Lord, Ron recalled, "You said that providing money in return was 'mundane', but not unheard of."The wizard in question nodded. "So, I did.""So, I could …," the redhead hesitated, secretly rubbing his palms over his robes, before steeling himself, looking at his best friend, "I need money, Harry.""Okay, how much?"Ron gaped, "Just like that?"Shrugging, Harry explained, "You are my best friend. Whatever you need, I'll give you, if it's within my power. Money shouldn't be a problem. I have gold to my eyeballs at Gringotts.""How, …" the youngest male Weasley croaked, turning back towards the Dark Lord, "How much would my services be worth?"Studying the young man, Tom decided, "Maybe you should first share the amount you actually need before we start our negotiations. What do you need it for anyway?""Fred and George,""No!" Harry interrupted decisively. "You've heard me talking to Bill, but I'll repeat myself for you: Fred and George are their own people. My support or lack thereof will always depend on how they treat me and mine." Pushing back his chair, he requested, "May we use your office?"After an agreeable tilt of his head, Tom picked up his cutlery and return to his breakfast. He pretended to ignore the indulgent look Barty gave him. If he yielded to every wish Harry made, that should concern nobody but himself!The door had barely closed behind them when Harry called out, "Belladonna?""Master Harry?" The 'head elf' bowed deeply before looking at him with bright eyes."Tea and some ham sandwiches, please. Oh, and cucumber with the dill mayonnaise, if you have any left!"The elf smiled and nodded before popping off.Ron was pacing the room until the elf returned with their modified breakfast spread. Harry had already claimed half of the sofa and helped himself to a new cup of tea and a cucumber sandwich. How he adored these! After another minute, he demanded, "Ron, sit down and have breakfast. Honestly, when have you last eaten? You are jittery, and I know you only get that way if you're hungry.""I …""Sit! Eat!"Plonking his bud on the sofa, Ron reached for half a sandwich and had another cup of tea. After having forced another half on him, Harry picked up their previous conversation. "Now, tell me what the hell is going on with the twins. It must be serious if you and Bill are both worried. Also, I would like to know why you feel the need to ask for my support in such a roundabout way, instead of simply spitting it out?""I … they, …" Looking lost for a moment, Ron finally broke. "You know that they've opened their shop in April, barely a week after leaving Hogwarts. Since Bagman never paid them back their Quidditch winnings, they were only able to scrape together enough money for the first few months of rent and a starting supply."Harry nodded and encouraged his friend to go on. Of course, opening a shop was never easy, but that didn't explain the concern he had seen in Bill and now in Ron."As you can imagine, Mum was not exactly … thrilled to see them drop out of school. But since they are of age, she couldn't do anything. She just kept nagging them to go back and finish their sixth year and the N.E.W.T.s whenever they are at the burrow. Usually, they take it in good humour, play a harmless prank and are off again. But since the holidays they are … quiet and … Harry, I think they are not doing so well. I mean, they look great, but … something is off. I have talked to Bill, but he didn't get far with them either. Whenever we ask them if they need help, they reply: 'We're fine.' or 'Just minor hick-ups, we're handling it.' But after four months, shouldn't they be beyond hick-ups? I'm worried that they are getting sick.""Why?""They eat like they are half-starved. And when I came across them Sunday afternoon, George had just thrown up into a hedge. Fred was rubbing his back, berating him of overeating. But his portion was nothing out of the ordinary. He had not even had second helpings. It was like …" Ron tapered off. The pain in his eyes was apparent because they both knew what he was thinking. It was like all the times after they had met Harry after months with the Dursleys. When he had been only able to tolerate small portions of bland food before he could build up his tolerance for the rich dishes served by Molly Weasley or at Hogwarts."You said they looked good.""They did, but …""You think they are wearing glamours."Ron bit his lips and nodded reluctantly. His stomach started growling. Cursing, Harry pushed the sandwich plate over, "For heaven's sake, Ron, starving yourself won't help Fred and George in the least!" Reluctantly, the redhead picked up one of the cucumber sandwiches. After he had eaten the first, he practically inhaled two more before coming up for air."Fred and George helped rescuing you after first-year. Isn't that worth something?""Do you really think that your brothers would take money for rescuing a skinny twelve-year-old from an abusive home?"Dejectedly, Ron shook his head. "No, of course not."Scratching the back of his neck, Harry admitted. "I need advice.""We all do.""And you don't want me to ask Hermione.""I … we …" his friend looked down at his hands, embarrassed. "This is a family business. It feels wrong to pick her brain for that.""You know that leaves only one alternative." Ron hesitated. "He would never, ever betray my confidence!""But isn't this … I mean … it's not war-related and has nothing to do with the welfare of the witches and wizards of Britain."Shrugging, Harry admitted. "No, it doesn't, but his vow wasn't limited to 'only if it's for Wizarding Britain'. He swore to serve me, and this is definitely a problem that I have.""Actually, it's a problem I have.""Tomato - Tomahto.""What?""Same difference," the muggle raised explained, reaching for his chest, concentrating. Within two minutes, Snape stood at the patio door, eyes wide, wand at the ready. As soon as Harry had flickered the door open, the Potion Master stepped into the room, looking around cautiously."I need your advice."Relaxing marginally, Severus took an offered seat and helped himself to tea and a sandwich after an inviting gesture from his master. "How may I be of service?"The two explained.Massaging the bridge of his nose not ten minutes later, the professor growled, "You have pulled me away from my potion for this?" Rolling his eyes, he explained, "Mr. Weasley, did it occur to you that you would insult your brothers if you offered them money? What proof would they need to be unable to make it in the 'business world' beyond their little brother supporting them? You would be no better than your mother, though slightly more accommodating.""But I …""I was not finished."Ron snapped his mouth shut, and the man turned away from him. "And you, you need to start thinking like a Lord. A considerable part of your duties is making sure the money you have is well invested and will sustain not only you but future generations as well.""Of course," Harry nodded, confused, "Gringotts manages my portfolio. Since I have given them permission to re-negotiate my contracts, they are doing rather well.""Have you ever thought about making your own decisions about which companies you want to invest in? Maybe you could even find a promising one, set up a contract and go from there.""You mean I could …""… invest in Weasleys’ Wizarding Wheezes?" Ron finished for his friend. "That's bloody brilliant! Not even Fred and George could say no to an investor because that would certainly mean that they have no faith in their own success!""But if someone offers money because he believes in them. Because he expects them to make a profit ...""Go to Gringotts," Severus advised. "Set up a contract and then go and talk to the terror twins. If it's a business proposal, it will be more likely for them to accept it." On an afterthought, he added, "Oh, and include a stipulation of three to five hours of practical labour, each fortnight, in an environment of your choosing."Smiling, Harry mused, "You want to pick their brains.""I want to teach them," Severus corrected. "Believe it or not, Fred and George could be master potioneers if they took more interest than merely cooking up pranks. You wish for them to succeed. Their chances are better if they have at least a N.E.W.T. in Potions and maybe Defence against the Dark Arts.""You think you can get them to N.E.W.T. level in Defence?" His master probed interested."Me, maybe," Severus admitted with a calculating smile. "But Tom Marvolo Riddle certainly could."
After ending their breakfast on a happier note, Harry wanted to talk to Tom before disappearing to Gringotts. "You won't go alone," was the wizard's only comment."Excuse me," Harry bristled, "I've bested crazy Death Eaters, megalomanic professors and insane Dark Lords since I was eleven! I can very well go to Gringotts on my own!""You have," the Dark Lord agreed, not looking up from his papers. "and while I would trust you, that courtesy does not extend to the rest of the Wizarding World. So, for my peace of mind, you will take Barty with you."When Barty perked up, he had barely returned to Harry's good graces, the teenager rolled his eyes. "That was a quite obvious move and not worthy of the Slytherin you are."Finally raising his head, grinning like the viper he was, Tom replied, "And still it worked.""Yes, it worked," Harry admitted defeat. "We'll meet in the salon in ten minutes, alright, Barty?" When the Death Eater nodded, he pulled Ron out of the room. "Come on, we need to change. No goblin will take us seriously if we come in casual clothes. Not even my account manager, and he's used to a lot."
The day was winding down when Ron and Harry left Gringotts eight hours later. Once more, Ron had proven his recently acquired knowledge of legal matters. If, after Hogwarts, he wanted to pursue a career in law, Harry could see him doing spectacularly. He had asked once how a subject as dry as law texts could hold Ron's interest, but his friend had only shrugged, "It's like in chess, but on a bigger scale. You have to know all the rules and their little loopholes to be able to work around them. There is literally nothing you can't achieve with the Wizengamot if you know the right law and precedent cases. It's dry and boring as hell, but when you get to the bottom of it, it's not all that complicated, just really out of date." Harry had offered to pay for Ron's law studies so he could become a solicitor. But his friend had shaken his head empathically. "No, thanks. I would never want to deal with idiots who think of themselves in the right day in and day out. I learn this to represent the Black Family to the best of my ability. That's enough."And he would. Harry was sure of it. Right now, Ron had cared for Harry's interests in ways he had never thought possible. The contract they had come up with would not cheat Fred and George, but it certainly would work for Harry's benefit. Especially if the twins would become as successful as they imagined them to be. The two teenagers had not managed to cover all legal points. The goblin account manager had offered advice more than once, for a fee of course, but the contract was good enough to approach Fred and George.Since it was almost six, Diagon Alley was winding down. Only a few witches and wizards strolled through the streets with an ice-cream cone or shopping bags. Ron and Harry stopped at a hole-in-the-wall restaurant to buy dinner before entering the twins' shop."Look, Barty, I appreciate the guard-dog services, but I am sure Ron, and I will be perfectly safe here," Harry promised.Licking his lip nervously, the man still nodded. Yet, he only apparated away after Fred and George had opened the door."Hello, little brother.""Hello, Harry.""How may we be of service?" They ended in one voice, indicating a bow, looking at them with mischievous eyes. "Do you want to buy one of our excellent products?" "Or did you merely come around because you've missed us so much?" "We could understand, of course." "We are pretty great, after all." They grinned.Their body language was open and inviting. Slight dust covered their hair as if they had been cleaning, nothing unusual when the day came to an end. Still, something was off, but Harry couldn't lay a finger on it. He would find out. He always did. "We were at Gringotts and then thought you might enjoy dinner."The twins traded a brief look before smiling brightly. "Dinner sounds excellent. We were pretty busy today and skipped lunch."'Something feels wrong,' Ron mentioned.'I know.' Harry replied but merely looked around for now. The product isles were in the process of getting restocked. A stray broom was moping the floor. Fairy lights over the shelves served as illumination. Everything seemed homey and welcoming. It was quite an achievement when considering that half of the jokes had severe repercussions, like the nosebleed nougat or the canary cream. Fortunately, not one yellow feather was in sight. Maybe the twins didn't allow their products to be sampled inside of their shop."Do you mind if we go to the back? It seems that this is no good place to have dinner," Harry suggested after a few moments.The brief look of alarm in George's eyes had him smile inwardly. "It's just through here, isn't it?" He walked past the brothers until he reached the backdoor. Looking over his shoulder, he merely raised his eyebrows."We could eat here …" Fred offered weakly but apparently realised that Harry would not change his mind. With a sigh, he pushed the door open.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Apart from the large table in the middle, the back room was crowded. There was a potion's laboratory on one end and a free area with a granite top on the other. Though everything was clean, it was evident that this storage area doubled as their workshop. Preferring not to ingest … something, Harry enlarged a napkin from their take-away bag and covered the table before setting out the food. George produced cutlery from somewhere while Fred and Ron transfigured some boxes into chairs. The twins served cans of muggle drinks with dinner. Harry watched them eating closely.
Towards the end of the meal, where the twins had wolfed down white rice with ginger sauce and steamed vegetables, he offered fried dumplings with honey. "Knowing your sweet tooth, I am sure you will like them," he smiled, pushing a big box over.
'They will get sick.' Ron cautioned.
But Harry only responded, 'I know, and so do they. The question is, how to hide it.'
The twins again traded a wary glance before reaching for a dumpling each. They savoured the treat, and while Ron and Harry 'distracted' themselves with their own deserts, the twins hesitantly took a second piece each. Not wanting food going to waste, Harry inquired quietly, "Are you really going to make yourselves sick just for the sake of appearance?"
Fred and George froze.
"Ron told me that you didn't do so good with the rich food your mother cooked on Sunday."
They glared at their little brother, betrayal written all over their faces. The youngest redhead, however, met their eyes, replying calmly. "I saw you throwing up, but I would not have needed to see that, to realise that something was wrong. I know how someone looks when they hadn't gotten enough food for a while."
"And how would you know that?" George sneered, and Fred added viciously, "You've never gone hungry a day in your entire life!"
"By watching me," Harry drew their attention. "Do you really think that the summer after the second year was the only one where I was locked up and starved? Do you think that, just because you helped me, everything magically went right with my muggle family? Ron has a better idea of how to care for a malnourished person than anybody else I know."
"Except Hermione."
"Except Hermione, of course." The emerald-eyed teenager agreed. "Do you really think that it was a coincidence that we brought bland food for you?"
Bristling, the twins rose from their seat, "We don't need …"
However, Harry spoke over them, "Do you want to remove the glamours yourself, or should I do it?"
Discretely reaching for their wands, Fred and George pulled back from the table, "We don't know what you're talking about."
"Expelliarmus!"
"Finite Incantatem."
Harry caught their wands while Ron hit them from behind with the counterspell. Nothing happened. The Dark Lord's equal studied them. 'Together! I'll do the incantation.' When Ron nodded, he hissed, *End this spell.*
The parselmagic ripped over the entire workshop. For a moment, the air turned dark, then all concealments were washed away. Ron took a deep breath when taking in his brothers. Fred's lips were bitten raw, and George had laced his fingers so tightly that his knuckles were turning white to suppress nervous tremors. The skin on their hands appeared translucent, and Ron felt like he could see every individual vein. The shirts they wore had once been on the tighter side, emphasising their figure. Now their little brother could count their ribs. They looked nearly as bad as Harry had after his second rescue from the Dursleys. Harry took in the rows and rows of half-open boxes with products and scattered ingredients. The worktop was uneven and covered in burns and scars from failed experiments. It appeared as if the twins were working 24/7 with no reprieve. Most interesting, he found the corner of the workshop where a queen-sized bed and a small kitchenette was hosted. The furniture was sturdy but poor.
Defiance blazed through the eyes of the two eighteen-year-olds. Apparently, they were more than ready to jump down their throats for revealing their secrets. Harry, however, claimed back his chair and stared calmly, "Alright, gentlemen. Now that that's out of the way let's talk business."
"What?" Fred and George gawked at him, but Harry merely gestured back towards their chairs, pulling a box of strawberry sorbet out of the take-away bag, handing it over. "While you have a dessert you won't throw up, I'll explain my proposal."
Dumbfounded, the two, looking from Harry to Ron and back in utter confusion. Ron claimed a position behind Harry's shoulder, while his best friend explained. "It has recently been brought to my attention that as a Lord of not one but two families, I have to care not only for myself but for future generations as well. And while the Goblins are skilled in making money, their investment plans are rather … conservative. As I have seen the development of Weasleys' Wizarding Wheezes from its cradle, it is my belief that you will get far with this. I would like to climb on the bandwagon, so to speak."
"What?" The question was repeated in a mere whisper, so the young Lord clarified.
"I wish to buy shares of your company. Calculating the time and effort you have put into opening this shop, my advisor," he gestured at Ron, "and my account manager at Gringotts, have calculated a fair price. I offer you 2.187 gallons, as I was told seven to the power of three is the amount that promises the best outcome."
"You want to give us money?"
"Yes, George."
"I'm not George; he is."
Grinning sharply, Harry replied, "No, he's Fred. And of course, I don't want to just 'give' you money. I'm not a charity. I want to invest, that's business."
"But we can't guarantee…" Fred hesitated. This was a fantastic opportunity, but they both knew how they had struggled these last few months. The last thing they wanted was to be in someone else's debt if they blew it, especially not Harry's.
Ron brushed off that argument, "Investment is never a guarantee for success. This offer comes with a few stipulations you should think about carefully. Harry is willing to offer money, but not for free. You will need to make your books available for quarter-yearly inspection by Gringotts. Also, you will agree on a turnout you can offer at the end of the year. In addition to that, you are required to make yourselves available for a few hours every fortnight."
"You want us to work for you?" George wondered. Controlling how his money was doing was one thing but personal labour …
"I have someone interested in your approach and wants to work with you."
Immediately defensive, the twins crossed their arms. "We won't share our recipes."
Ron and Harry chuckled, confusing them. "That won't be a problem."
"Honestly, guys, read the contract and decide if you want to sign. We are amendable to adaptations as long as they are reasonable." Ron advised his brothers. It was strange to have the youngest helping the twins. But Ron had really worked on understanding legal implications and strategies this last year. He might not be a solicitor or manager, but he had developed a good idea of what was and wasn't essential, and Barty had told Harry on more than one occasion that Ron had excellent instincts. While Hermione was all logic, Ron came the furthest when relying on his gut.
Puling the contract close, Fred and George started to make notes in the margins. Meanwhile, Harry and Ron entertained themselves with half-finished products, though they knew better than to consume anything. After half an hour, George inquired quietly, not even turning towards them, "You are really going to do this."
Trading a confused look, Ron and Harry approached them again, "Do what?"
"Help us," Fred clarified. He looked up at Ron. "You could have told mum. Told her that we weren't doing as well as we were pretending. There would have been hell to pay, but … but …"
"But in the end, you would have to come crawling back to the Burrow. Admitting that you've failed, like she always said you would." Ron finished when his brothers wouldn’t. He was not sure why he felt as hurt as he did at that accusation. He was a good brother, wasn't he? How could they believe that he would not help them given a chance? They were family, and family stood together. But then he remembered how much closer he had become to Harry and Hermione. How they had created their own family unit, not by blood but by choice. His life had become so much better for it. His brother's awed tone drew him out of his thoughts.
"But you didn't," George whispered, "You went to Harry, and now you are here to … help us because …"
"Because I know you are worth it," Ron confirmed, pushing his own concerns aside. "Despite the many pranks you've played on me in the past … or maybe because of them, I always knew that you would make it."
"We both believe it." Harry confirmed, "Otherwise, I wouldn't be here. I'm here because I believe in you, not merely because Ron's my best friend."
The twins pressed their lips together, nodding. They still sat at the table, the contract … their salvation, between them. They would sign, no doubt about that. When Fred exhaled sharply, and a shiver ran over him, Ron stepped close and pulled his brother against his chest. Harry mirrored the gesture with George. They held on when the twins broke down in their arms. All the stress and the desperation seemed to finally push through. Harry knew how that felt. Though Fred and George had always had each other, sometimes that wasn't enough. He was glad that he could be there for them, to assure them that they weren't alone.
He looked up when Ron thought, 'Thank you,' gratitude lighting up his eyes.
He only smiled and nodded, 'Any time, Ron. We're in this together.'
'No matter what.'
'No matter what!' Harry confirmed.

"Doesn't this building come with a first floor? It looks like that from the outside." He inquired an hour later. The twins had calmed down and consumed the last of their strawberry sorbet to cover up their embarrassment. Since Ron and Harry had nothing but time, they didn't particularly care to wait until they were calm again.
"Sure," the twins shrugged. "But it's easier to stay down here. The flat above the shop is not quite …"
"… ready for habitation?" Their brother suggested.
"More or less. Think Grimmauld Place, less Dark Magic but more pests."
Frowning, Harry investigated the top floor, "This looks like a two-bedroom apartment. Three tops."
"Actually, it's one room," Fred shared, and George emphasised, "It's an open floorplan. Only the facilities are separated. We think the previous owner used it more as a storage area and thus removed the walls."
Slamming the door shut behind himself, hoping nothing would escape, Harry, scratched the back of his head. "I can see the problem."
Apparently, the twins couldn't because they merely traded a shrug. Meanwhile, Ron brushed frantically over his hair and clothes to get rid of potential pests. He had never been particularly comfortable with tiny, crawly things. "There is no chance for us to get this cleaned on our own in a reasonable timeframe."
Grinning, Harry praised, "You're brilliant, Ron!" When his best friend merely shrugged, twisting around himself to make sure that nothing was crawling up or down his back, the other teenager called out, "Briar, Rhodes!"
When the two elves popped up, he crouched down before them. "There is a … well, actually there are several pest infestations in the apartment behind this door. Do you think you could get rid of them in a reasonable amount of time? I know it's late, but …"
The elves beamed and vanished with a pop. The four teenagers sat down on the stairs when Rhodes called out after a few seconds, "Rho … we will not even need an hour, Master. Is that acceptable?"
"Perfect!" Harry called back. "Daisy!"
When the yellow-clad elf appeared, he wanted to know, "You are familiar with our stores. Do you think we have enough left-over furniture to equip a single flat apartment?"
"Harry, you don't …"
"Shush!" Ron silenced his brothers.
Daisy seemed to think hard about that question, "What period and colour scheme would Master prefer?"
Biting his lips, Harry explained, "I would prefer sturdy and resistant to explosions."
"Daisy was told by the portraits that Lord Cadmus enjoyed the occasional explosion. So, his furniture should do. But the bedroom furniture is dark brown, and the sofa is cream and light brown, as is the couch table. They are also a tiny bit singed. The dining room set should suit. The wood is brown as well, and the upholstery is cream. Daisy does not know if she can find suitable decorations for that colour scheme."
"I think decorations are not the first concern here." Ron soothed the elf.
"Could you pop in with Rhodes and Briar to find out if the furniture will fit?"
"Sure, Master, Dai… I will find out immediately," and off she was.
"Their grammar is getting better every day."
Proudly, Harry nodded before calling out again, "Belladonna?"
"Master Harry was not around for dinner." The elf berated immediately after popping up. "Master Harry is not allowed to skip meals! Master Tom said so!"
"I had dinner!" The teenager immediately defended himself. "Just ask Ron!"
Hastily nodding, since the redhead knew how fatalistic the head-elf was about her master's eating habits, he confirmed, "He even had pudding, and there were lots of veggies on his plate."
Studying the two wizards to find out if they were trying to trick her, the female elf with the dark-cherry napkin tunic nodded after a few moments. Then she bowed deeply, "How may I serve you, Master Harry?"
"Briar is slowly starting to bring in the fruits and vegetables, am I right?"
"Yes, Master. A part of our outcome goes to the next town, as the previous masters have decreed. But at least a quarter of it is still conserved and stored."
"Could you maybe deliver a pound of a product here each day? I don't care what it is, fresh fruit or vegetables. Just something fresh and healthy."
Chuckling, Ron stated, "Mum will love that."
"Harry, stop." Fred and George interrupted the proceedings with firm voices. "We appreciate the offer, but we don't need you to feed us. We are perfectly able to do that on our own!"
"Is that your pride speaking or sound judgement?" When the twins opened their mouths, nothing came out, so Harry asked, "When I was a scrawny twelve-year-old, locked behind bars, how would you have felt hearing me say 'I can do this on my own?' We all know that I would have survived. The Dursleys were hateful, but they would never have seriously harmed me."
"Debatable," Ron piped up. When Harry glared at him, the look was returned dispassionately.
"What I'm saying is: I know that you can manage on your own. But that does not mean that you have to. Sometimes it's worth swallowing your pride and accepting help."
Trading a long look, the twins finally nodded. "Thank you."
Softly, Harry replied, "You are welcome."

When Harry kissed Severus' cheek the next day, joining him for lunch, he was still a little bleary-eyed. He and Ron had gotten back long after midnight. Daisy – with Rhodes' and Briar's help – had really outdone herself. The flat had become a hodgepodge of outdated furniture. But the little elf had made it homey with colourful cushions and thick blankets. Briar had taken it upon himself to fill the kitchen cupboards with various fruits and vegetables from their gardens, and from the looks of it, Belladonna had sent at least the ingredients for breakfast along. He would have to find something nice for their elves, as they had all gone above and beyond the call of duty.
Fred and George had become quite emotional when seeing their furnished apartment. Yet after Ron's prodding, had curled up in the twin beds Daisy had arranged behind a folding screen that was covered with carved snakes and ivy. It was not much, but it gave the illusion of a separated bedroom. Afterwards, they had thrown together some breakfast muffins to heat in the morning. Around one, Harry had apparated Ron back to the Burrow before returning home, falling into bed face first. He had slept right through breakfast.
"I take the twins needed a little more persuasion to accept the contract?"
"Actually, no. But they … they are really bad off. Like me after two months with the Dursleys' bad off." Harry admitted, looking longingly at sea. "You know, I never realised how horrible it is to see someone you care about half-starved and stressed out of their minds."
For a few minutes, neither said anything before Severus decided to take a plunge, "How bad was it? With your family? Dumbledore always told us you were protected, and we left it at that."
"I guess I was, but protected, happy or even loved are entirely different things. I was basically their house-elf." Downplaying what he had suffered at his 'families' hands had always been second nature to Harry, and now that it was over, he had no intentions of getting weepy over his past. He was stronger, better connected, even loved. He wanted to look into the future and not reminiscent of the past.
The Potion Master rose and came back, holding out a small cup with a slippery ball inside. "Here."
"Why would I …?" Then the young man looked back at the open sea. "You know what, thank you." Then he took off his clothes and swallowed the Gillyweed.
When Harry dived under the waves, Severus wondered if he had done the right thing. But since Harry had not been ready to talk about his family, he had decided that a little recreational therapy was in order. Help could not be given to those who were not prepared to receive it. So, all he could do was make it easier for his master to cope. He settled in for the wait. Who knew if the boy remembered to come up in time for the Gillyweed to expire?
Sixty-three minutes later, Harry popped up on the patio. Water was glittering all over his body, making him appear as if he was covered in diamonds. His eyes were bright green, rivalling the waves, and his breath was accelerated, his lips ruby red and glistering. For a moment, he studied his Potion Master. Then he slowly stepped closer and crawled into the man's lap.
"Harry," Severus croaked but was helpless but to put his hands on the younger man's hips.
"Tell me you don't want this, Severus," Harry whispered, out of breath. His fingers traced the other wizard's lips, leaving a salty trail. "Tell me you have no desire to kiss me, and I will leave."
For a heartbeat, they were at a standstill. The hot summer air prickled with electricity. Then Severus growled and roughly pulled Harry's head down to claim his lips. The teenager enthusiastically followed, at least for the first few minutes. Then he got a lot more creative. Trailing kisses over the man's cheeks, ears and down his neck had Severus squirm in his seat. These movements were met fervently. Soon they were grinding against each other, with the older pushing the younger's head back so he could decorate his neck and shoulders with love bites, making Harry hiss in bliss. Only after endless minutes did Severus realise where this was heading. His body was going up in flames, and he wanted nothing more than to push Harry down on the patio, to kiss, to claim but … "No!" He sobbed, squeezing his eyes shut. He knew he was at the end of his tether. Just one more kiss and he would lose the last of his composure. Harry was a vision, and he wanted him, so very much, but …
His master stopped mid-motion. Both were trembling, sharing their breaths. Their bodies were burning, and it would be so, so easy to tip over. If Harry wanted, Severus could not stop him. And the teenager did want him. He could feel the proof of his desire against his stomach, against his own cock that strained his tight trousers. But Harry pulled back. A gentle hand caressed his cheek, prompting him to open his eyes. "Severus, it's okay."
A part of him wanted to pull the young man back, to finish what they had started, but he couldn't. "There are …," he forced himself to say, "There are laws in place. I can't … we can't. It would be wrong."
"Hey," Slipped off the chair, Harry crouched down before Severus. Then he took the older wizard's hand and kissed the knuckles. "I don't care about the laws. The only thing I care about is you telling me no."
Closing his eyes again, Severus knocked his head back against his deck chair. Maybe this had been his last chance. He wanted. Gods, how much he wanted! But Harry was his student and still underage. He …
Soft hands pulled him into a tender embrace. The younger man caressed his neck. After a few minutes, Harry whispered. "Thank you for the swim, and … just thank you." When they pulled apart, his master kissed him again. More a brush of lips than an actual kiss, but infinitely more precious. "I'll be back tomorrow. Tom wants to go over my last essay. I swear this man is a slave-driver; worse than McGonagall." Only when Severus nodded did Harry disappear.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    When Harry entered the Manor through the back door, his soulmate and Sirius Black and Remus Lupin looked at him. Realising that he was still in his boxers, sea-salt caking his limbs and hair, the young man blushed crimson. "I … we … I'll go change?"
"That seems advisable." Tom studied him dispassionately.
After a quick shower, Harry returned in breeches and a short-sleeved button-down. His soulmate might let him get away with a laxer dress code because of the summer heat, but shorts and a t-shirt would be pushing it. The lightweight robe on top framed his slim figure. Studying their 'guests', Harry claimed a place on the floor, leaning against Tom's legs. The inevitable tea and sandwich – Tom was even more fastidious than Belladonna when it came to him missing meals – were pushed at him. After the first few bites, he wanted to know, "What are we talking about?"
The two men seemed at a loss, so the Dark Lord replied, "Surveillance systems."
"Central London, or generally speaking?"
"Generally speaking," Tom answered while Lupin asked simultaneously, "What do you mean, 'Central London'?"
"What I've gathered from the news, the City of London is thinking about putting cameras in all major parts of downtown London. And since a camera can't be confounded, at least not with the means available to us right now, that puts our world in considerable danger."
"Britain is not a surveillance society," Sirius protested weakly.
"They don't need to evaluate everything that is said. Just one wizard caught on camera could put our lives at risk." Lord Voldemort stated coldly, while his equal added, "Rats in a lab best-case, total annihilation, worst-case scenario."
"That's widely exaggerated!"
"Is it, Sirius?" Remus gave food for thought. "Your own mother disowned you because your tie had the wrong colour. Is it really so far-fetched that muggles, who are by far not as powerful as we are, will get scared and try to eradicate a possible threat? There is a reason for the Statute of Secrecy. The Salem Witch burnings were neither the first nor the last time our people were prosecuted."
Folding his arms before his chest, the last Lord Black shook his head. "You can't convince me that killing all muggles and muggleborn is the only way to protect us!"
Rolling his eyes, accepting more food, Harry replied evenly, "We are not trying to convince you of anything, Sirius."
"But you said …"
"I never said anything to you! Mostly because I couldn't trust you, not to run to Dumbledore behind my back, pulling me back to my 'loving family'," he spat out. "I have been manipulated all my life; I'll never go back to that if I can prevent it!"
"So, you are working with the Dark Lord, the greatest manipulator of all!" Sirius accused.
Looking up at his soulmate, Harry nodded, "Yes, I am, because I know that he'll do what's best for all witches and wizards of Great Britain."
"He killed your parents!"
Harry could only feel Tom's imperceptible flinch because he was leaning against him. He pressed his body closer against the other's legs when he replied, "My parents, other witches and wizards, muggleborn and purebloods alike. He was mad, … crazy, … insane, whatever you want to call it. But that's in the past. We are trying a different approach this time. One with far better chances of success."
"And you want Sirius on your side because you think he could help?" Lupin wanted to know.
"Yes," replied Tom.
"No," countered Harry. The two traded a look, and the Dark Lord rolled his eyes. *Sentiment … it will get you killed, one day.*
*Or save me, as it has in the past,* Harry answered before looking back at the last Marauders. "I want both of you on my side because you were my parent's best friends. James and Lily cared for you, which makes you the closest thing to family I have. Of course, I have Ron and Hermione now, Tom and Severus, even Barty, but … but they are not you. Even if you couldn't understand a single thing, we've tried to explain. Even if you were against us to the very end, I would still want you by my side. As long as you don't go to Dumbledore and betray my secrets."
"Why are you so angry with the headmaster, Harry," his godfather asked quietly.
"Because he left me at the Dursley's, to begin with. Because he left you rot in Azkaban when you could have been a suitable guardian. Because he cares less about me than the 'boy who lived'. But mostly …," he took a deep breath when Tom put a hand on his shoulder. Steadier, he continued, "mostly because everything he does is for 'the greater good'."
"How is that a bad thing?"
Looking at Lupin, Harry shook his head, "Because there is no 'greater good'. There are only witches and wizards who deserve to be healthy, safe and happy."
"Happiness is for children," Tom berated quietly. Quite unusual to display a conflict before their 'guests'. Still, they were well used to each other by now, so Harry looked up, unbothered. "Well, they all start out as children, don't they? And every child deserves a happy childhood."
"And how do you plan to achieve that? Even the pureblood families don't always create a 'happy' environment for their children," came the bitter question.
"By watching and listening. We don't even have child services in the wizarding world. Every child who can do magic needs to be monitored, as does his or her living situation. If a child grows up in a resentful family, it needs to be taken away."
"Don't you think you take on too much?" Lupin cautioned. But Harry shook his head.
"Not really, our society is not that big. Hogwarts had about forty to fifty new students each year. Maybe there will be more in future, as there was no war for the last decade. Let's add around a quarter more for home-schooled students. That makes not even a hundred births each year. If it's done in blocks, a department with two people could cover that easily if they wanted to visit each child at least once."
"You are not accounting for problems."
Growling, Tom replied, "If there are problems, child services will get help from the Aurors or our Department of Law. Children must be our priority! Dumbledore is a fool for taking chances with their education and trying to make them 'soldiers' in his war."
"I am not convinced," Remus admitted.
"Well, fortunately, we are not trying to convince you of anything. We are just stating facts," Harry replied drily. This time, his soulmate rolled his eyes. "You have read books and newspaper articles concerning the state of the muggle world, Mr. Lupin. Can you honestly tell me that you believe the headmaster's campaign to fuse our worlds is a wise choice?"
After a minute, Lupin shook his head, "No, there is too much danger for both sides. But that does not mean that I have to agree with your plans."
"It doesn't," Lord Voldemort agreed. "But it could at least mean that you don't agree with his either."
"No, … I … I guess I don't." The werewolf admitted.
"What about you, Lord Black?"
Studying his godson, who sat relaxed against the Dark Lord's feet, Sirius shook his head.
"In that case, feel free to move around the Manor. However, I would request you to stay off the third floor, since it's the residential wing. Also, my office is warded. You are not to enter without permission."
"Where is Harry's office?" The werewolf piped up.
"I don't have one," the teenager chuckled. "Can you imagine me in an office? Far too grand and intimidating. I could never pull it off."
"So, you have decided to claim the couch table of mine," Tom ribbed.
"Exactly," Harry beamed, clearly pleased with his decision.

Having shown the two Marauders, the first and second floor, Harry left them to their own devices. Remus had immediately immersed himself in the library, and Sirius had gone out to explore the gardens. After updating the elves - once more, thanking Rhodes, Briar, and Daisy on their excellent work the night before - Harry returned to Tom.
"You want to go over my essay now, or do you want to work a little longer on the surveillance spells for Sirius and Professor Lupin?"
Rolling his eyes, Tom instructed, "Sit down. I have put my comments into the margins."
Grinning, since his soulmate had not denied the use of surveillance spells, the teenager picked up his essay and started reworking it. Today had gone better than expected. He would be content with that.

Friday, Harry met with Fred and George at Gringotts. Ironclaw went over the changes the twins wanted to make to the contract. After signing, Harry offered one of his rarely used vaults for them to use. Since it was already open, they would save that base fee, but the running costs needed to be covered. It turned out that the 'inheritance' vault of the Black family was suited to their needs. The amount available just had to be roughly halved.
Once the twins were gone, Harry and Ironclaw went over a few business proposals and things that needed both his and Tom's attention. They finished in the early afternoon hours. Walking down Diagon Alley, helping himself to some wizarding pastries that promised to turn his tongue yellow, Harry sighed and called out, "You could be a little less conspicuous, you know?"
Savouring his ice cream, the Death Eater grinned, slowly crossing the street. "I could, but then you would hex me."
"True," Harry admitted. "I wanted to pick up some treats at Eeylops Owl Emporium and then go window-shopping for a bit. Any interest in Flourish and Blotts?"
"I could be persuaded," Grinning, Barty followed him through the crowd. Harry preferred to keep his face down. The 'Notice me not' charm Tom had applied to his robes did the rest for him to remain inconspicuous.

A beautiful barn owl landed on Harry's chair during breakfast a few days later. Since Severus had made it a habit to join them during the weekends, he remarked, surprised, "That is the Longbottom's owl."
Caressing the bird, offering some bacon, Harry took the gilded letter. "We are invited to Neville's sixteenth birthday."
"Not surprising," Tom mentioned, "You have gone to school with him for five years. While sixteen is not as important in the wizarding world as it seems to be for muggles, it is still an important date."
"You don't understand,' Harry interrupted, handing over the missive. "This does not mention Ron or Hermione. This invitation is for you and me."
"Is this Augusta Longbottom's writing?" The Dark Lord pondered. It would be understandable to include Lord Peverell since he has joined the Wizengamot only a few months prior. But no, nobody knew that there was a connection between Lord Thomas Peverell and Harry Potter. Severus further disabused him of the notion.
"No, this is Longbottom's handwriting. His grandmother's style is far more elaborate."
Fiddling with the hair at the back of his neck, Harry wanted to know, "Why do you think is he inviting us? Nobody should know that we are living together."
"Barty, when did the Longbottoms leave the hospital?"
"I don't know, my Lord. I will find out immediately," the Death Eater offered, but Tom waved him off.
"Finish your breakfast. The birthday is on the thirtieth." Tilting his head, he added, "As the seventh month dies."
Harry nodded. "Nice choice you made there. Neville wouldn't have been nearly as much fun as me."
Glaring at his 'equal', the Dark Lord ordered, "Finish your breakfast, cheeky child."
"Yes, my Lord," Harry grinned. Sometimes things turned out just the way they were supposed to. Right now, he couldn't say that he was unhappy with that.

They were a little late, but Harry had trouble wrestling the book into submission he had chosen as a birthday present. Unfortunately, the Peverell library did not like giving up individual volumes. In the end, he had appeased the bookshelf by creating a copy and offering that instead.
"Your hair is atrocious," Tom remarked, straightening his robes. He had donned his 'Peverell' disguise, a subtle change of his features, just enough to not be recognisable for members of the 'light' side. Patting down his unruly mop, renewing his plaid, Harry defended himself, "If our books were not as aggressive, I would still look presentable."
"Lord Peverell," a surprised voice greeted them when they exited the floo at Longbottom Manor. "To what do I owe this pleasure?" Augusta Longbottom was a vision. While for 'casual' clothes her style left a lot to be desired, she had gone all out for her grandson's birthday. The elegant robes accentuated her figure quite nicely; only the vulture on her head kept things … interesting.
Harry and Tom traded a quick look, unsure of how to reply. Fortunately, Neville entered the receiving room, that very moment. "I invited him." He improvised, glaring at Harry. Clearly, he did not like being surprised by one of his guests arriving in disguise. Especially since it was such a famous disguise. Still, he smiled when turning back towards his grandmother. "I thought since I'll be of age next year, we should expand our social circle and include Lord Peverell since I expect to see more of him in the future."
"A logical decision," his grandmother replied, "I approve." Then she held out her hand. "Milord, would you follow me to the garden?"
Offering his arm, Tom bowed deeply. "It would be my pleasure, Lady Longbottom. Heir Longbottom," he indicated a bow, "thank you for the invitation." Then the adults left.
Accepting the wrapped present, Neville berated on their way out. "You have so much to explain, Harry. You can't even imagine."
Contrite, Harry fiddled with his hair. "I know. I'm sorry, Neville. But could we maybe postpone that? I mean, today is your birthday and all that."
"No mayhem and carnage. Promise me that!"
Surprised, the Gryffindor looked at his friend, "If I thought Tom a danger to your guests, I would not have brought him."
For his friend, that seemed to be enough.

Greeting Ron and Hermione, Harry realised that nearly their entire social circle from Hogwarts was present. Even a certain Italian wizard, who had featured himself as quite the supporting character during their DA meetings, had managed to snatch an invitation. Enjoying some iced lemon water, Harry startled when Luna spoke up behind him, "I am not sure that lipstick is the right colour."
"What?" He followed her line of sight, spotting Blaise throwing his head back, laughing at something Padma had said. The Indian girl seemed delighted and empathically spun her story.
"Blaise is wearing make-up," Hermione explained after a glance.
Ron nearly spat out his drink. "Blaise's a boy. Why would he be wearing make-up?"
Good question. Studying his follower, Harry realised how stiff he was holding himself. Oh, to an outsider, he appeared perfectly at ease, gesturing on occasion, smiling brightly. But his smiles rarely reached his eyes, and whenever someone came closer, he always pulled back as if he was afraid of skin-to-skin contact. Luna pulled him out of his musings when she asked, "Can you only transfer energy or amplify it as well?"
"What?" Why did Luna have this uncanny ability to make him feel like an idiot?
"At Hogwarts, he's … happy after he has spent time with you alone. But you are not in love with him. At least not physically. So there has to be a spell of sorts."
"And are you? In love with him, I mean?"
"I don't know yet." The blond Ravenclaw admitted, tilting her head. "I could be … I think I would like that." After a minute, she beamed up at him, "Let's get our boyfriend and have sex."
"Sentences that are only slightly less disturbing because Luna Lovegood says them," Ron pondered. "Go on, mate, Hermione and I will cover for you."
"You are really going to have sex at Neville's birthday party?" Hermione piped up, somewhat scandalised.
Looking around, Harry shook his head. "No, I think we will drag Blaise into the woods. There should be sufficient privacy."
"I have never had sex in the woods."
"You have only had sex in a train compartment," Harry deadpanned.
"Exactly," Luna beamed, "This is going to be fun!" Then she bounced off.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?"
"No, but Blaise is starving and sooner or later, he will lose his grip. I'm surprised he managed to stand in this group of hormonal teenagers and not even tried to kiss one of them."
Hermione shook her head, "He's far too Slytherin for that. He has a setup and won't put it at risk. Now go. I think Lady Longbottom wants to cut the cake around four. That doesn't leave you a lot of time."
"Maybe we should … come on, Ron. Let's go."
Confused, he followed them. "What's going on."
"Harry needs sexual energy. We could … ahm …" Hermione turned bright red. "That does not necessarily mean sex but … passion."
Nearly swallowing his tongue, Ron staggered after her. "But we only ever …"
"Let's hope that's enough."
"Bloody hell."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Luna slid under Blaise's arm and kissed his cheek. "Hello, love."
The Italian pulled her close, nearly painfully so and inhaled the scent of her hair. "Hey, Luna," he breathed adoringly.
Harry put a hand on his shoulder, kissing his temple, mumbling warmly, "Hello, love."
"Harry!" Blaise went still, like prey before a predator.
The students around them were gaping. The Gryffindor, however, brushed over his incubus' neck soothingly and smiled at the others, "Excuse me, may Luna and I borrow our boyfriend for a little bit?"
Speechless nods were their only reply.
"A sickle says that tomorrow I make headline in the Prophet for being part of Blaise's harem." He chuckled, guiding them into the trees.
"A knut says, you are the centre of the harem," Luna grinned, lacing her finger's with Blaise, who seemed confused and still uncertain if things were turning out good or bad for him.
Ron and Hermione had found a small clearing with a tiny pond. The air was a little fresher here, and thousands upon thousands of tiny pink blossoms covered the grounds. Luna spun in the middle. "This is beautiful."
Chuckling, Harry pulled off his robe and enlarged it into a blanket. Luna shrugged off her dress and started to weave a flower crown. With only her negligee, she looked like a wood nymph.
"I don't understand." Blaise croaked, looking around helplessly.
Gently brushing over the Italian's cheek, Harry stirred him towards the little pond. "Come on, Blaise. Let's get this make-up off of you."
"No, I can't, you don't understand, Harry, I look …"
"… famished."
Embarrassed, the incubus nodded, closing his eyes. "I'm so hungry all the time. I know that you fed me before we left, and I tried to make do, but I needed … I slept with two Italian girls, and it still wasn't enough, I …"
"Hey, Blaise, it's okay." His master assured, starting to gently rub the make-up away. Blaise was right; he looked horrible. His skin was grey, his eyes were dull, and the pupils nearly unresponsive. "Luna will help you."
"No!" The other pulled back. "You don't understand; I can't touch anybody right now. I would hurt her!"
"Blaise," Harry replied sternly. "You will let Luna help you! I am here, so are Ron and Hermione. You need to feed. It won't allow you to put anyone in danger. So, do as you're told!"
Glancing over his shoulder, the Slytherin shuddered when watching Luna, sitting innocently on the blanket. She was beautiful, like a goddess with her semi-transparent shirt and her long, blond hair falling over her shoulders. He hesitated for a second before approaching her. Sinking to his knees in front of the blanket, he asked, breathless with yearning, "Are you sure?"
Smiling up at him, placing the weave on his head, Luna held out her hand, "Of course."
He kissed her with an intensity that bordered on desperation. He sobbed, like a man who had walked the dessert and was now receiving his first drop of water. Luna was willing, pliable, and when he kissed his way down her body, she happily spread her legs.
Harry chose a seat on a log nearby and opened his senses. Ron and Hermione were close. While their desire was not flaring as bright as Luna's and Blaise's, it was just as strong, deeper, more honest. It was the difference between lust and love, and he could not help but smile at the thought that his two best friends felt so deeply for each other. They were a trio, but this was only for them. He would never be a part of it, and that was alright. They should have something for them. They deserved it.
For a few more minutes, he probed the air around them, took in the rising emotions. Then he slowly started to weave a spell. This would take time. Tom had taught him enough about parsel-magic to know how to make modifications to suit changed circumstances. While at Hogwarts, it was easy to pull energy. Here it was more important for Harry to amplify what was available. Luna had thoroughly enjoyed herself once, and it had given Blaise enough of a boost to get worked up himself. He had pulled the slight Ravenclaw into his arms, and she was riding him. Was it okay to watch? Hermione would be mortified, but Blaise had no such qualms. Luna didn't seem to care either. He tried to time his casting. To make the most of the energy provided. Harry realised that he was enjoying himself, as well. Did he have voyeuristic tendencies? Was that bad? Or did he imagine himself in Luna's position, maybe with a fair-skinned, dark-haired partner? Did he really want that, or did he want it only because Severus desired him? Did that even matter?
Gathering every last scrap of energy, he pushed it all at his Slytherin, who roared as he emptied himself into Luna. The girl seemed to like it because her powers peaked as well, rushing out over the clearing, tingling over Harry's skin. He could hold out a little longer, fuel what was given and amplify it for his pet. When the spell ended, he nearly slipped off his log. Wanting to stand up, he just toppled over, his legs not strong enough to hold him. Had he done something wrong? No, Blaise was crawling closer, skin gleaming in the afternoon sun, eyes shining again. His little snake was alright, and Luna lay spread out on the blanket, quietly humming to herself. Harry seemed to be the only one who was experiencing this strange sense of vertigo.
"Mate?" Ron was leaning over him. When had he and Hermione come over?
"Hey, Ron," he smiled. "Did you have fun? It felt like it. Hermione is pretty great, isn't she? The way you love each other is beautiful, like sunshine and treacle tart. I'm so happy for you."
His friends traded a shocked glance. Hey, Hermione was there as well. Her hair looked funny. No longer up in an elaborate updo but falling over her shoulders. "I like your hair that way. You shouldn't try so hard. You're pretty either way."
A slightly squished chocolate frog appeared in his line of sight. "Eat that, Harry," Luna instructed. And since it was always easier to do as Luna told, Harry picked up the squirming sweet and bit off its head. "Thank you," he smiled with chocolate smeared over his lips.
"Did you sit on that?" Blaise's warm voice came over.
"No," Luna shared, "I was lying on it while you went down on me."
"That was delicious too," the incubus purred, kissing her forehead.
Smiling, Harry watched his friends. Slowly the chocolate was hitting his system, and he blinked a few times. Then he realised what he had said. Turning his head, he looked at Ron and Hermione apologetic. 'I'm sorry.' He begged. 'I didn't know what I was saying … I didn't mean to …'
After a deep sigh, the witch brushed his apology away. 'We all know, it's true. Ron and I … we need time. Let's not talk about it today, okay?'
"It is," Ron confirmed quietly, kissing the knuckles of her hand. "But I think it would be best if we returned to the party now. They are surely missing us by now. And the way you and Luna dragged Blaise away, there is no doubt in anyone's mind what happened here."
Grinning, Harry held out his hand, so Ron could help him up. After a quick wash, the transfiguration of a blanket and a few wardrobe charms from Blaise, the five re-joined to the other guests.

Spotting the birthday boy, the Gryffindor trio approached their friend. "Hey, Neville, are we doing presents already?"
Smiling, the pureblood turned towards them. "Grandmother wanted to wait until after the cake. But it doesn't matter anyway."
"Why?"
Gesturing behind them, Harry and his friends watched as Frank and Alice Longbottom left the Manor, a three-tiered cake hovering between them. "Because you have already given me the best present imaginable," Neville whispered before joining his parents. They were too thin and too pale to ever be considered healthy. But they were beaming with pride when they watched their son cutting into his cake, offering them the first piece.
Ron squeezed his shoulder, and Harry could not help but grin happily at his friends. To see Neville share this special day with his parents was elating. Right this second, Harry felt like he could fly. "You did good," Hermione spoke quietly, leaning against his shoulder, "you and Tom both." Hugging her, the emerald-eyed teenager whispered, "Yea, I guess we did."
He looked for his soulmate. When he met his eyes over the crowd, the older wizard nodded, acknowledging that, despite the altruistic purpose that went against his very core, Harry had made the right decision.

"No, I am just saying that we should all consider carefully what to reveal in any given situation. There could be a backlash we are not prepared for."
Harry smiled and rolled his eyes. Of course, Tom would use this chance to network and convince any given pureblood of his ideas. Since Augusta Longbottom was a quite opinionated woman, the young man could not even begrudge his soulmate the opportunity, despite being her grandson's birthday.
"Is it true?"
Flinching away from the door he was using to spy, Harry turned towards Neville, who had crept up behind him. Since this was Neville's home, maybe he could cut himself some slack for not noticing his fellow Gryffindor. "Excuse me?"
Dragging Harry into the library, Neville folded his arms and stared heatedly. "What the … he is saying to grandmother, is that his honest opinion, or is he merely trying to amass supporters?"
Not having heard the entire conversation, Harry shrugged. "I guess it's true, more or less. He is politician enough to adapt some of his views, but the general message is the same."
Gesturing widely, Neville accused, "This is not 'adapting some of his views! How can he go from genocide to 'let's separate our worlds'? I don't get you, Harry! This man killed hundreds of innocents, including your parents. How can you follow him?"
"Don't you think I know that?" This was not the way he had hoped to spend his afternoon. "Fuck … Neville, don't you think I know what he did? Intimately, because he forced himself into my head! Until last summer I had to live with people who hated me, just because of what he did! I had to kill a man at eleven. I went through this bloody Tournament just because he needed me for his resurrection!"
"Then why follow him?" His fellow lion roared.
"I'm not!" Harry screamed back. "I'm his equal, remember? It's not as if I had a fucking choice! It was this or kill him!"
"What?"
But the 'chosen one' was so tired of feeling like he had to defend himself all the time, of constantly having to convince people that he was doing the right thing. The only thing possible! He should not need to, especially not with Neville, who had his parent's back, only thanks to Tom's magic. "Do you have any idea how it was?" He shouted, "To be exhausted and hurt and scared when reaching for the damn cup, only to be portkeyed to a fucking graveyard! And do you want to know what the first thing he said was? 'Kill the spare!' If I had reacted half a second slower, the Diggorys would have mourned their son that day. It was accidental magic. I can't even remember what I thought that moment, just that I couldn't let Cedric die. After the cup and Wormtail were gone, I was all alone with an insane lunatic, who had decided to make my life bloody miserable because of a stupid prophecy! And we fought, and our wands connected and then … then …" Harry hiccuped.
"Then what?" Neville asked quietly. His friend … the 'Saviour' had always seemed so self-assured and strong. Now, he only looked like an angry little boy who could finally get all his anger and frustration off his chest.
"Then mum and dad came," Harry whispered. "Tom's and my wand connected, and every person he had killed came out of it like … like spectres, ghosts but not really, and they talked to me and … gods … there was so much I did not know. And then dad told me, … he said that it was Voldemort or me or … or the two of us together." Looking up, he noticed his soulmate had slipped into the room. Whenever Harry needed him, Tom was there. Still, he did not interrupt. He just stood there, a silent sentinel at Harry's back. "And he got rid of the rags Wormtail had wrapped his homunculus body into; stick thin and grotesque. And dad said that I had to kill him and I …," looking at his friend, Harry shook his head, "I couldn't do it, Neville. I couldn't kill the murderer of my parents. Maybe it was a weakness, but I think it was courage. Instead, I helped him, patched him back together so we could … I don't know … not let our past destroy us. Instead, we chose to work for a better future … together! He made mistakes in the past; I know that." Rubbing his eyes, Harry sighed, defeated. "Don't I  know that … but from all the witches and wizards in our world, I believe he is the only one who can save us. I had to believe in something that night, Neville. So, I chose to believe in him. Can't you understand that?"
Pressing his lips together, the other slowly shook his head. "No."
Throwing up a ward, Harry looked at Tom, who met his eyes. For a second, he hesitated, then he demanded, "Call Bella."
After a moment, the Dark Lord obeyed. Disoriented, the female Death Eater looked around, but before she could say anything, Neville shouted, "Expelliarmus!" and her wand flew into his hand.
Slowly rounding his fellow student, the Dark Lord's equal circled the two dark wizards. "Look at her, Neville. Look at the woman who has tortured your parents to insanity."
She met his eyes, tilted her head. Bella seemed confused, not all there. They had been working with her after Harry had revealed himself. Curing the Black-Madness was virtually impossible. But they could make her better, help her to control her violent impulses. She would never be harmless, but she lived in her own head most of the time, forced to confront what she had done and then talk about it. It was slow going, but they were making progress.
"You're the Longbottom, boy," She pondered. "I did something … to your parents … are they around?" She turned, but the Dark Lord captured her shoulder and held her by his side. She ceased her attempts to get away, smiling up at him adoringly, rubbing her forehead against his shoulder like a cat that was seeking affection. Though in a different form, it seemed that her magic still recognised his.
"Go on, Neville," Harry prompted quietly. "Kill her. You've dreamed about it, didn't you? Dreamed about the day where you would be finally good enough to get revenge. I've trained you. I know you are strong enough."
"Av … Avada …" Neville looked at her with so much hatred. His wand was trembling in his fingers as he started the spell, again and again, but he could not finish it. "She deserves to die!" He roared, brandishing his wand anew, but his lips moved tonelessly. Tears started to stream down his cheeks. A warm hand on his shoulder had him whip around.
His father stood behind him, reaching for his wand-arm. "Not being able to kill a person does not say anything about that person, but everything about you."
"Petrificus Totalus," Alice cast, pulling her son into her arms.
"You deserve to be avenged. What she did was wrong." Neville sobbed.
"It was," his mother confirmed, calmly rubbing his back. "But you don't deserve to become a murderer. It's okay, Neville. Your dad and I are so proud of you."
Frank stepped forward, covering his wife and son. "Mr. Potter, you have brought the Dark Lord and an escaped convict into our home. While I understand your reasoning, I do not approve. From here on out, you and your … friend are banned from these premises. Leave and never come back!"
Swallowing thickly, Harry looked at his soulmate. Tom pulled out his wand and cast at Bella, "Obliviate." He picked her up when she lost consciousness. "Lord Longbottom, Lady Longbottom." He indicated a bow, then apparated away.
"I … I'm sorry. You were not supposed to see that."
"I am aware," Lord Longbottom replied. "Unfortunately, my wife and I are not well enough to make it through an entire afternoon in such plentiful company. Hence our retreat to the library where we could watch without getting overwhelmed. However, I feel that we were exactly where we were needed. I understand that you have been Neville's friend in the past. But what you have done today can't be forgiven. You are not welcome in my house any longer."
"I won't. I … I'm sorry. I'm glad you are better." Harry bowed deeply and disappeared.

At dinner, Harry was playing with his food.
"Out with it," Tom sighed. "Belladonna will not thank you for destroying her beautiful arrangement of vegetables and fish before sending it back to her without even taking a bite."
"I should not have made you summon Bella."
"Maybe," The Dark Lord put down his cutlery. "But if you wish for the Longbottom boy to join you, it is better to put all the cards on the table. Honesty and compassion will get you farther than secrets and fear. You have iterated that repeatedly."
"Well, maybe I was wrong!" Harry snapped.
"Maybe you are, and it is possible that, because of our little display, your friend will never come around. But if he does, at least you know that he will go into this with his eyes open. Had he found out later, it would have destroyed any progress you have made before."
Sighing, Harry nodded reluctantly. This was not the preferred outcome, but even he had to admit that facts that were out in the open now would not come back to bite him in the arse later. He even offered a tiny smile when Tom ordered, "Now, eat!"
"You're not my father, you know." Still, he picked up his cutlery and finally took a bite of the excellent trout, Belladonna had prepared for them on such short notice.
For a minute, his soulmate didn't reply, so Harry looked up and saw honest regret in the dark wizard's eyes. "I am not, but I am the closest thing to one you will ever have."
"It's okay," the teenager promised. "We are making the best of the situation."
"When will your friends join us?"
"Don't know," Harry shrugged. "Sometimes before midnight. That's for sure."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    How much can change? Looking at his friends-slash-family, illuminated by the soft light of sixteen candles, Harry closed his eyes. Sirius and Remus were here as well. Even though the werewolf was holding on to his human form by the skin of his teeth. They had nearly balked when Severus had slipped into the kitchen. Tom and Barty, so much closer now, than they had been a year ago. Ron and Hermione, his best friends, were on the verge of something life-changing. They all felt it, but they were not ready to take the final step. That was okay. They had all the time in the world. Harry could feel Severus' heat at his back, even in the cool kitchen.
"Make a wish, Harry." His Potion Master whispered silkily.
When he opened his eyes again, Barty's weak Lumos had replaced the candles as a source of light.
"What did you wish for?" Tom wanted to know, just like last year.
"Just one thing," Harry whispered, looking at Severus, gently brushing over his lips with the tips of his fingers.
Kissing them, Severus laced their fingers. Touching their foreheads, he whispered, "Just this once." Then he lowered his lips and claimed Harry's in the most loving kiss the young man had ever experienced. Smiling dazed, the teenager chuckled, "I will try to get around that promise next year."
With a reluctant sigh, Severus nodded, "I'm well aware. But you're still a student."
"Not right now," Harry whispered, then he looked at the rest of his family. Hermione resolutely looked away, Ron as well, but only on her prompting. Barty was obviously trying very hard to keep his grin hidden, and Tom looked like a proud father. That would need some getting used to. All four of them had their wands in hand. Remus and Sirius were leaning against the cabinets, bound and silenced. "If you promise not to make a scene, I'm sure they would be willing to release you."
Lupin appeared conflicted, Sirius downright murderous, glaring daggers at Severus. "Suit yourselves," Harry shrugged, picking up the knife. "Come out, please. There is enough cake for all of us, as you've made sure."
One by one, the house-elves slipped up beside them, setting the table with nothing but plates and forks – no elaborate decorations or tablecloth. Well, Harry pondered, a white tablecloth over a worktable in the kitchen would be strange anyway. So, he cut the cake and served them. When he was through, he looked at his godfather and former professor. Lupin closed his eyes resigned, so at his nod, the werewolf was freed. Clearly, the man was not comfortable with what he had witnessed but did not offer an opinion. Instead, he claimed a chair and waited for Sirius.
His friend seemed to have a harder time deciding. He tried to communicate that he would behave, but apparently, Remus was not the only one who doubted Sirius' honesty. The Dark Lord raised his wand and cautioned, "If you spoil Harry's birthday, you will learn intimately why I am the most feared wizard in Great Britain, Black."
"Tom," Harry chuckled, "Play nice."
Glaring first at Black, then looking at Harry, he replied calmly, "No," then let go of the spells.
Sirius seemed to fight with himself, knowing what he should do, but unable to do it, namely keeping his mouth shut. Quietly, he accused, "Knowing what he did, what do you think your parents would say if they could see you now."
Trading a look with Tom, Harry turned towards his godfather and replied with conviction, "That they love me, no matter what."
Sirius gaped, but Lupin confirmed melancholic, "Yes, they would. They loved you more than anything. They would be proud of you, Harry. You should never doubt that."
Blushing, the teenager picked up his fork to fidget with it. But he was not left to stew in the praise for too long because his best friend prompted, "Can we eat now?"
Laughing, the rest of the party picked up their cutlery and within moments, the kitchen sank into content consumption. When there were only two pieces left, Harry pushed one onto Sirius plate, reminding him, "When we met, after you were exonerated, I told you that I do not need a godfather anymore. I think it's time for you to decide if you want to be a friend. If so, you will need to learn to trust my judgement. If you can't do that, at least accept it."
The last piece he pulled towards himself and then split it in two. Harry did not put it on Severus' plate this time, simply nudged the man beside him so they could share.

When they left the kitchen a little while later, Harry could feel Sirius glaring at his back as he prompted Severus to join him. Though free to move through the house, the remaining Marauders still mostly stayed on the first floor. He heard Ron and Hermione explaining that Severus had a bedroom with the rest of the 'family'. His godfather did not like that, and Harry was not looking forward to the inevitable quarrel.
Harry knew that Azkaban and genetics had to play havoc on Sirius' mind. Yet that did not mean that he would tolerate the man harassing his first advisor. Severus was his. His to protect. His to keep. If he wanted him in the bedroom next to his own, he would very well make it so. The man who had chosen revenge over his godson had no right to criticise him for it.
"You are aware that I can hear you grinding your teeth from here," Tom mentioned before he could slip into his room.
"He's just so … childish!"
Approaching his soulmate, the Dark Lord put a steadying hand onto the younger wizard's neck. "And you goaded him by kissing Severus."
Grumbling while looking down, Tom chuckled. "I don't disapprove. I am just reminding you that you borrowed trouble. So, own up to it and don't let it spoil your birthday. There is enough time for you to worry about it the day after tomorrow."
Hugging the other, Harry whispered, "Thank you."
"For?"
"Not killing me, I guess."
Chuckling, Lord Voldemort reminded him, "That was more your doing than mine. If I remember correctly, I gave it a fair try."
"I hate you," Harry grumbled but did not let go.
"Yes, I …," the Dark Lord steeled himself, then briefly kissed his soulmates forehead. "I love you too."

He shouldn't get used to this, Severus told himself for what felt like the hundredth time. Ever since his birthday, Harry had made the habit of kissing his lips instead of his cheeks upon greeting him. It was inappropriate, horribly so, but every time he opened his mouth to scold the teenager, it snapped shut on its own accord, without him uttering a word.
"A letter came for you today," Harry handed over the sealed parchment. "It's from Neville."
"Why would Mr. Longbottom write to me?"
"Maybe he has questions about the book I have given him for his birthday?"
"And pray, what book did you offer?" Any interest the young Gryffindor had, revolved around Herbology. Surely the missive he had received could only be addressed to him by accident. Irma Sprout would be by far the better correspondent for the Longbottom heir.
"Herbology and Alchemy - Interdependent Research" Harry grinned. While Neville would never shine in Potions, especially not with a bastard like Severus teaching it, it would do him good to realise how important his own field of expertise was for many developments.
After Severus had gone over the letter and immediately summoned parchment and quill for a reply, Harry wanted to know, "When should I pick Fred and George up?"
"We agreed that we will start around two. That should give us the entire afternoon while they can still make it back to the shop before closing. I plan on starting with the basics since we only have two lessons before school starts. Their work could improve vastly if they learned the importance of precise preparations."
"Also, it would spare them failed tries when they develop new products, saving money in the long run."
After half an hour, Severus rose and handed over a letter. "Please, send that to your fellow student." Then he picked up their previous conversation. "Yes, it could. Though I understand that you have been generous with your support, one should always try to make the most of one's resources."
Rolling his eyes, because didn't he know it, Harry asked, "Would you mind if I worked here this afternoon? Tom is in a mood because Bella sent one of her latest mind-healers to St. Mungos. Again! It gets harder and harder to find someone willing to work with her. Her outbursts are farther spread but somehow more volatile."
"If her mind-healer would look into the type of personality disorder Bellatrix suffers from, we might be able to find the correct potions regime to help her. However, since most mind-healers seem to prefer drugs and isolation versus conversational therapy, I doubt that they will make progress anytime soon."
"Personality disorder?" There were more types of mental illnesses than merely being an egoistic, violent bitch? Or bastards, in his former families' case.
Severus rolled his eyes, "Of course there are, for her symptoms alone, I would consider Borderline, Histrionic or Dependent Personality Disorders. But, while Azkaban hasn't made it better, very much like with your godfather, the Black inbreeding had only enhanced her mental instability. As long as the root of the problem is not treated, I fear that her erratic behaviour will not cease."
Frowning, Harry tilted his head, "Maybe I should talk to Tom. Sirius had a mind-healer that was able to help him before …"
"… you abducted him."
Sheepishly, the teenager admitted, "Well, yes, but since he's not confined to his rooms any longer, maybe he could pick up his therapy sessions. He needs them. If we talked to Doctor Graham, maybe she would agree to see Bella as well."
Severus pondered that possibility. With the proper security, it should be possible. "What is the difference between Black's Dr. Graham and other mind-healers out there? Why was she successful when others failed?"
"She's a squib," Harry revealed. She has a master in mind-healing, as that does need little spell-work. Also, she has a doctorate from a muggle university. Maybe magic alone isn't enough. A little muggle intervention might go a long way."
"It is certainly worth a try." When Harry did not move, the Potion Master lifted his eyebrows.
"You still haven't told me if I'm allowed to return this afternoon."
Studying his master, Severus pondered, "You only want to be here, so you can find out how Fred and George are doing."
"No! … Well, yes, a little. But mainly, I want to gloat when they have to cut flobberworms."
After a few moments, the Potion Master sighed, "Fine. Go! Talk to your Dark Lord about that doctor, and make sure you eat something before you return. I won't have time to watch over you if you faint for lack of fluids and food if you spend the afternoon in the sun."
Stealing a quick kiss, Harry popped away, grinning triumphantly.
Maybe, Severus decided, getting used to some things was not so bad after all.

It was the night of the waning moon, exactly four weeks after they had 'woken' Neville's parents. Tom was irked that he had lost consciousness, so they were now performing a ritual to stabilise their cores. It was a beautiful star-filled night, as they prayed to magic and lit the candles. Harry did not pretend to understand the significance of it all. He merely went along, as this was important for his soulmate. Barty and Severus were completing their 'circle' balancing their magic.
Of course, it had to be Sirius who broke the quiet of the night. The man had tried to talk Harry out of his 'relationship' with Severus. Had pointed out that the older wizard was only taking advantage. Harry had not bothered correcting him. Most of the time, the teenager had to admit to himself, he had not even bothered to listen. There were always the same childish arguments. Even now.
Obviously, realising that Harry was not open to conversation, the former Marauder turned his arguments on Tom. "And I can't understand how you can allow it! You said Harry was important to you, so how could you let someone like him close?"
Bored by the conflict already, the Dark Lord merely looked up, "Severus Snape has been a loyal follower to my cause for the majority of his time. Apart from myself, there is nobody in the entire of Wizarding Britain I would trust as implicitly with Harry's wellbeing."
The mounting tension seemed to suffocate them when Remus warned, "Sirius, don't."
But his friend was beyond reason, "Shall I tell you something about your precious Snivellus Snape? He was our spy! He went back under the guise of serving you, and he told the Order all about your plans whenever he got the chance!"
Harry clenched his fists when Tom replied evenly, "That he was, just like Peter Pettigrew was mine. Only, Severus had a far more agreeable demeanour than Wormtail. I never could stand the man, though he was useful at times."
"Leave. Now!"
"What?"
Slowly rising, Harry let his wand fall into his hand. "I told you that you should stay out of my personal business; that your 'advice' was not appreciated. But you did not listen!"
"Harry," Severus cautioned, circling the young man's wrist to steady him.
"No!" his master growled, glaring at his godfather. "I told him you were important to me, yet he risked your life by betraying your position as a spy." Pointing his wand, Harry declared, "You, Sirius, Orion Black are no longer welcome at Peverell Hall. Leave now!" Stalking towards his godfather, Harry met the man's eyes with an icy glare. "And if you even think about betraying any of mine, Severus' or Tom's secrets, you will find out why the prophecy calls me the 'Dark Lord's equal' and how very well deserved that title is!
*Leave this place!*" He hissed with a vicious slash of his wand; Sirius Black was forcefully ejected from the wards.
Remus Lupin stood at the side, uncertain. Harry solved his dilemma. "I may be his godson, but clearly, nothing I say reaches him. If you are his friend, make it clear that if there is ever a decision between Sirius Black and Severus Snape, it will not fall in his favour!"
"I … I'm sorry, Harry. You don't know what this means to Sirius."
Shaking his head, the young man admonished, "Neither does either of you …"
Tilting his head in acknowledgement, Remus Lupin left for the ward-line so he could apparate away.
Only after Harry had sat down, reaching for Tom's hands so his soulmates could ease his turmoil, did Severus realise several important things:
First, Sirius Black had been willing to throw him to the dogs to get his way.
Second, he seemed to be considered family. Since, contrary to Lupin, he had never had a problem apparating in and out of the wards of Peverell Hall.
And third … a Slytherin half-blood, former Death Eater and spy, versus a pureblood Lord. Sirius Black held more sway over the wizarding society than he ever could. Especially if you considered the 'bleeding-heart' Light Side's sympathy votes. That ought to be more important to the Dark Lord since he had chosen the political route this time. Yet, neither Voldemort nor Harry had ever paused or hesitated when evicting Black.
Sensing the direction of Severus' thoughts, Harry tugged him back into their 'circle'. Quietly, he reminded, "I told you, between you and him, there will never be a choice."

Sirius had been angry, then hurt. He had sent a letter to his godson explaining in great detail why Severus Snape was the wrong choice. Harry incinerated it and sent back the ashes.
The only point in his godfather's favour had been his choice of not betraying the location of Harry's home.
The headmaster had requested Harry's presence. "Oh, great, a field trip with the headmaster. I wonder what he wants." Harry had sighed after reading Sirius' missive.
"Maybe he needs a new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher," Barty suggested, grinning manically. "That job was fun, especially the transfiguration part. Maybe I should find some poor sod for my Polyjuice supply and try again?"
"You've scared Neville half to death when demonstrating the Unforgivables," Harry growled.
"That boy needs to toughen up. He's a Gryffindor. The Sorting Hat wouldn't have put him in the house of the lions if he were a kitten at heart."
"Your skills of encouragement always astound me. Honestly, you should be a motivational speaker." The 'lion' at the table rolled his eyes.
Tom put down his newspaper, "Barty has other qualities. Now, do you want to go?"
"Know thine enemy," Harry shrugged. "It seems like the smart thing to do."

After sharing the details of his approaching 'field trip' with Severus, Harry pondered, "I wonder what poor sod will take over the Defence position this year. Also, why Slughorn? That doesn't make sense. Tom said he's a potioneer."
Sighing, Severus rubbed his temples to stave off a headache. "I'm afraid that poor sod will be me."
Spitting out his tea, Harry couched violently while Barty vanished the brown liquid that had sprayed him. "What?"
Handing over a letter, the former Potion Professor revealed his transfer to the Defence Against the Dark Arts chair. "Dumbledore is less than subtle in his attempts to get rid of me."
"Bloody hell," Harry mumbled, studying the letter. Clenching his teeth, he tried to calm himself. He had never done particularly well, knowing people he cared about were in danger. "He can't do that," the young Gryffindor growled, before turning towards the Dark Lord, "Can he do that?"
"I'm afraid that depends on Severus' contract. If the Potions Position is written into it, no, not without re-negotiating. If so, your advisor can simply terminate the contract and won't have to return to Hogwarts."
An enticing thought but regrettably not possible. "No," Severus admitted quietly. "I signed on a teaching position. I told him that I would do everything in return for …"
"For the protection of mum," Harry finished, circling Severus' wrist with strong fingers. Immediately, the former spy covered his hand as if afraid that Harry would let go.
Tom ignored the comforting gesture. He was still not a fan of public displays of affection. "Well, in that case, the question is: do you want that position in the long run?"
"I don't have a choice. The job is cursed. No defence professor has held it longer than a year. A few of them have even died."
Chuckling, the Dark Lord challenged. "Yes, and do you remember who cursed it?"
Harry grinned ferally, "Tell us how to circumvent it! I'm running one by four on teacher's deaths and won't risk my advisor."
"Change the room."
Severus stared.
Tom grinned.
Barty laughed out loud.
Harry finally asked incredulously, "You are seriously telling me that the curse that caused nothing but shitty teachers for as long as anybody can remember could simply be circumvented by a change of location of the class?"
"I do," The Dark Lord nodded. "Dumbledore was always a traditionalist. The locations of the classrooms have not changed in over two hundred years. Also, at the time, I was hurt, angry and not as well versed as I am now. I only knew how to curse places, not positions."
"I hate you."
"Noted."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "So, your mum is helping you?""Not exactly," Neville and Harry walked the small woods that separated Peverell Hall from the Cottage by the Sea. Armed with the knowledge of how vital herbology had been for the arts of alchemy, potions and general healing, the Longbottom heir had dared to open a dialogue between himself and his Potions Professor, based on shared interests. Severus had conceded that Neville was a lot more eloquent in writing than he was in person. Harry had explained that most people were more coherent if they were not afraid to breathe in the wrong direction. Since the new school year would begin in two weeks, Neville had gathered all of his courage and requested a meeting for a new placement test in potions. Reluctant, Severus had agreed."Mum is still not all that coordinated. Years of neglect have done nerve damage. She can cast spells just fine because those are usually short motions. However, when it comes to brewing or cutting, she doesn't want to risk it. Her fingers sometimes start shaking, or she shudders. The risk of messing everything up is too great. She explains everything and then guides me through the motions." The other Gryffindor grinned. "Actually, it's not that hard. You just have to be precise. Herbology needs precision, as well. You can ruin a plant if you cut too deep. It's not the same as in potions, but not as different as I have expected. It needed some getting used to, but mum thinks I can do it, so …""I'm sure you can," Harry encouraged his friend. "What about your dad?""He's … it's hard for him." For a few minutes, the teenagers walked quietly side by side. Finally, the pureblood shared, "You know how my grandmother raised me with this larger-than-life image of my father. How good he was and how strong and skilled?" His friend nodded. "She did that to him as well. Only for him, it was his dad. Apparently, my grandfather was this great politician who amassed influence in the Wizengamot and generally pushed our family to the top of their social circle. Grandmother was appalled when dad wanted to become an Auror. But since he excelled at his job, she made peace with it. But now …""Now he is recovering from more than a decade in the hospital and not meeting her expectations.""Basically. I mean, he tries, but …"For a little while, Harry wondered if he should offer an opinion. He had been so relieved when Neville had contacted him. Him not Severus! It would have been awkward to meet his fellow Gryffindor in the dorm, knowing that his father wanted them to have no contact. Not that Harry begrudged Lord Longbottom their banishment. He had had every right, but … Neville was his friend. He chose a different tactic, "What is he saying to us meeting?""Ahm … my parents are still recovering. They don't need to know what I am doing every minute of every day.""You didn't tell them!""No," Neville sighed. "Mum only knows that I am taking a potion's test with my professor, and since Professor Snape told me that only you could bring me, I … I wanted to use the chance to talk. It's … the prophecy, and what happened at the graveyard and at my birthday … it made me think."Pulling the other to a stop, Harry admitted, "I never wanted things to go that way. I shouldn't have called for Bella, but … I'm so tired of people not trusting me, of thinking me delusional, of considering me under a spell because … The prophecy is my burden to bear or to ignore. It should not influence your decisions. That's not what I meant to say, I …""Harry!" his friend interrupted. "I do believe you, and whether I liked it or not, you were right. Had I been in your shoes, I would not have been able to kill him either, no matter how many lives it would have saved. What you've done … it's amazing and …, and I wanted to say that I am sorry that my dad was harsh with you.""He had every right to be. Bella is not exactly stable. On her good days, she's a little beside herself, walking through life in a daze. On her bad days, she's a violent bitch that curses first and asks questions later. I had no way of knowing if it would be a good or a bad day when I had Tom summon her.""It doesn't matter. You wanted to show me something, no … you wanted to make me understand. And though I needed some time to think it through, I think I get it. We are not like them, people who resort to violence. That's not a weakness, and if we acknowledge that, we can use it to build a better future for our generation.""Yes, if we work together, I think we can." Harry smiled, walking over the grassland past the woods, inhaling the calming scent of the sea."It's beautiful," Neville breathed in awe. "You could cultivate so many different species here. It's by the sea and there is even a well near. I can hear it mumbling. One could build an underwater patch; the possibilities are endless!"Chuckling, his friend nodded before revealing, "Yes, I think Se… the professor is quite partial to it as well. Though he has not started anything besides a few herbal patches since he can't live here year-round.""Professor Snape lives here?""Yes, his Cottage by the Sea is on the southern edge of the Peverell Property."Fascinated, Neville watched the rustic brick building and lab grow out of the ground. "And he really allows me of all people, here? I mean, with my track record, he can't even be sure that his lab will be standing once I am finished."Laughing, Harry guided his friend along, "Since he is working with Fred and George every fortnight, I assume everything is fire proven by now."
The three potioneers were just talking, so Harry knocked on the doorframe to announce his arrival. While Fred and George didn't notice him, Severus looked up briefly and nodded. Then he returned his attention to the twins. "And if we introduce the silverweed leaves together with the dragon blood at this point.""Boom," the twins grinned."How can we avoid that?""By …" The twins pondered."By adding a plant of the stonecrop variety, for example, a blossom of Autumn Joy. I saw a few in your garden. Their properties would balance the acidic properties of the silverweed, but not cause negative reactions with the dragon blood." Neville proposed as if it was the most natural thing in the world for him to offer advice on potions. The other three Gryffindors gawked.Realising that he had spoken without being addressed by Snape had him paling and snapping his mouth shut.The potion professor, however, merely studied him, "Perhaps this will not be an afternoon wasted as I have feared," before returning to his current 'lesson' with the twins."Did … has Professor Snape just complimented me?" Neville whispered breathlessly.Harry only chuckled, "Seems like it. I told you, you are going to do great."Then the disaster happened. Summer had been far too calm until now. So Harry really should have known that something would go wrong eventually. After all, no life-or-death confrontation with Tom at the end of the year. The fates had to have grown bored. However, he would have suffered any curse just to prevent what was happening next."That is not silverweed, Mr. Weas…" Severus admonished before shouting, "GET BACK!" Practically flying around the workstation, he tore Fred and George off their feet as the cauldron exploded. The Potion Master just had the presence of mind to vanish clothes drenched in the potion before he started screaming.The four teenagers had to watch in horror as the skin on his entire right side started to bubble and melt away, revealing raw sinew and muscle. Harry was the first to jump to attention, shouting, "Aguamenti!" While the volatile potion seemed to wash off, Severus did not stop screaming. Not hesitating, Harry pulled him into his arms, trying as best as he could only to touch his back and left side before apparating away.The twins seemed frozen, so Neville took charge, "Find me foxglove, lavender, even maiden grass will do. We need to neutralise the remains of the potion before we can banish it or wash it off!"For several minutes, they worked with grim determination to save as much of the laboratory as possible. Only when not even the slightest remains of the potion remained did they dare leave. Unsure, they looked at each other. "We should maybe go. It's not as if …""No!" Fred decided, and George nodded vigorously, "It's our fault that Professor Snape was injured. We need to make sure he'll be alright.""We don't even know where Harry brought him."Pulling out a silver leaf from a chain around his neck, George shared, "Since we have a standing arrangement with the professor, he gave us a portkey. It brings us to him, so he only has to tell us when we are supposed to come."Reaching for the chain, Neville nodded, "Let's go."
Harry had dragged Severus buckling body towards the house, screaming for his soulmate.Tom stepped out of his office to the balcony, quite irritated. He could never abide shouting. They were no peasants. It reminded him too much of his childhood in the orphanage. Yet the moment he noticed the raw flesh of his former servant, he instructed briskly, "To the ritual circle! Barty! Merope!" He called, hasting after them. When his servant and elf appeared, he ordered. "Bring a blanket, clean linen and a bedsheet to the ritual circle. Barty, bring me our emergency potion's kit and Nagini. Now!"When they rounded the corner, the middle of the stone circle was cushioned with the blanket and covered with the white bedsheet. Carefully, Harry placed his servant in the middle. Severus was hoarse by now but still obviously in pain. No wonder since the skin of part of his body and face were seared off. The potion had hit his torso, cheek and neck. His forehead had suffered but a few drops. Fortunately, his eyes were entirely unharmed. The rest was dripping with blood, they his liver was pulsing and they could count his rips. Harry was even able to see Severus teeth through the hole in his cheek. His muscles and sinews stood out from his neck where the skin had been burned away. A part of the teenager seemed to disassociate. A funny thought – I wonder if the robots at amusement parks look like this on the inside – came unbidden to his head. Tom snapping his fingers in front of Harry's face brought him back to the present."Hold him still! I need to run a diagnostic to discover the extent of the damage.""Pain potion," Harry forced out from behind clenched teeth to not vomit when his fingers became slippery with Severus blood."We can't risk that," Barty revealed. "Depending on how extensive the damage is, he could go into shock.""So, he has to suffer?""Yes!" The Dark Lord hissed, "Now shut up so I can concentrate!"Severus was by now clenching his teeth so firmly, Harry was afraid they would break. One-handed, he removed his belt and forced it between his advisor's lips. It seemed to help, if only a little. Pops outside of the ritual circle had him look up. The twins and Neville had arrived. It didn't matter. He could not spare them a thought. Not with Severus' life on the line! "Stay away!" He instructed sharply.He should not have worried since Neville had seized the twin's collars and yanked them back as they tried to approach. Barty let his wand fall into his hand."What potion has he been doused with?"The twins seemed indecisive, faced with a stormy face and burning red eyes. Only one wizard in their world had those distinctive features. Once more, it was the Longbottom heir who rose to the occasion, "Experimental. It was an acidic reaction, based on Melianthus major … honey bush instead of silver leaf caused a violent reaction. Though Harry washed it off, I suggest cleansing him with raw cow or better, goat's milk. If you have an extensive amount of green tea, cook him up a bath.""Belladonna," Harry croaked. "Raw milk, as much as possible and a silver ladle or cup."Since the elves had been drawn by the screaming, the dark-clad elf had the requested items ready after mere seconds. To Harry, who was clenching Severus' spasming hands, it felt like hours. At Tom's instructions, he started to gently pour trepid milk over the exposed organs, muscles and nerves on Severus' torso, stomach and right leg. A sickening pink mixture of blood and milk coloured the sheet and blanket. Harry nearly gagged at the pieces of flesh that washed out of Severus' wounds. Barty did his best to vanish the mess but could barely keep up.When Nagini slithered out of the house, Fred and George pulled back in horror. "That's … that snake. That's …""You-Know-Who!" They whispered, edging back inch by inch. Nobody cared."I know spells that could help. The first two will deal with nerve and muscle damage. The second one can grow back his skin. Yet, I am not sure if it will be strong enough to not leave scars. We will need potions." He hesitated. "Harry, I am not sure he is strong enough to survive this. I'm about as far from a healer as possible. He is weak already, and the magic could demand more of his body than he has to give."The teenager started to tremble and clench Severus' hands even stronger. The man was delirious with pain. "There has to be something you can do. Please, Tom, I …"Taking a deep breath, the Dark Lord looked into the eyes of his equal. "If you are willing to risk it, I can try. But you … my dark marks were only meant to transfer power in one direction. Yours is different.""I can feed him energy." Harry understood."Yes, but from the extent of the damage, I am not sure it will be enough.""It will be… it has to be." Harry nodded, then looked up, "Heal him!" When the older wizard started his chant in parseltongue, he looked at Barty and the twins. "I need Hermione and Ron." Barty popped away immediately, but Fred and George repeated a little louder, "That's You-Know-Who.""I need Ron!" The teenager yelled. "Now!"With a pop, they were gone.Neville approached the circle. "Can I help until they are here?""Not me," Harry clenched his teeth. He was already pulling on their connection. Hermione and Ron had opened up to him the second he had found Severus and were prepared for the picked-up. "But this will take a lot out of Tom. If you could …"Taking a deep breath, Neville rounded the patient until he stood behind the Dark Lord, who had a snake coiled around his torso. Trying to remember what he knew about shared casting, the lion carefully kneeled and hesitantly placed his hands on the dark wizard's shoulders. Immediately Neville could feel the pull on his magic. Watching the tears stream down Harry's cheeks, he knew that this was his tipping point. Severus was Harry's follower, the lighting mark clear and unmarred ove his heart. A mark similar to Voldemort's. Yet, Harry could use it as a two-way street, trying his best to keep his follower alive. It seemed that he still did not have all the facts. But soon, … soon, he would demand answers. After that, Neville would have to decide. Somehow, it felt like there really could only be one choice.
Ron had already been running out of the burrow and past the wards when Tom had started casting. The Lovegoods had a floo connection. With his mother in the house, he could not risk using theirs. It would betray the location of Harry's home. He could not do that, not even in a case of emergency. He nearly stumbled over Fred and George when they apparated in. Not caring what his brothers could want, he rounded them and sprinted on."Ron, wait," George shouted, and Fred ran after him. "We are … Harry sent us!"Immediately stopping, Ron clenched Fred's arm. "Bring me to him!"Jittery from nervous energy, George shook his head. "We can't, Ron, you don't … you can't get close to Harry, he … you don't understand, he's living with …""With?" Reaching for George, Ron tried to shake sense into his brother. "With what? Bloody hell, you're not making sense!""You-Know-Who!" Fred whispered. "He must have put a spell on Harry. He's helping him right now, but … but …"Channelling his inner Lord, a role he had prepared for, ever since his best friend had revealed that he would stand-in for the Black family votes at the Wizengamot, Ron straightened up to full height, glaring at his brothers. Clenching George's arm, he instructed, "Bring me to Harry. Right. Now!"With a pop, they were gone. Upon their arrival, the twins held him back. Having learned basic self-defence, duelling with Voldemort was never just about spellwork; Ron wound out of their grasps and sprinted towards the ritual circle. Hermione was already there, opening her trousers. "Barty says we need to somehow create a circle through our marks."Pulling up his Bermudas, Ron unwound Harry's hand from Severus', placing it on the mark of his thigh, uncaring of the blood on his best friend's hand. He then reached for Hermione's hip, who wormed her hand under Harry's shirt. Sorting themselves out, they all touched the large lighting bolt on their professor's chest. That seemed to create a feedback loop where they fed energy into Severus' body while he eased off some of his pain into theirs. It was not unbearable, but bloody hell that hurt!Neville was the first who pulled back, already swaying on his feet. Barty took his position seamlessly. The teenager staggered and sank into the grass, just outside of the circle. The twins dropped to the floor next to him. "You knew," they stated.Tiredly, the pureblood heir nodded. "I met him when he and Harry healed my parents.""Severus is marked by Harry, but not You-Know-Who?" Fred whispered.Neville nodded once again but did not grace that observation with a comment.George added, "And Ron, Hermione …"This deserved some thought. Though Neville had concentrated on offering his energies to the Dark Lord, he had gotten a glimpse of the trio's mark. A lightning bolt, hugging a chess king, standing on an open book. A perfect representation of them all. Neither of them more important than the other. "I assume they are connected to each other on an even more basic level than the professor is to Harry. Remember how they can move so weirdly in synch? They did not do that before summer last year. That's when it all started.""What happens now?""Now, everything changes. And we all have to choose."
 
  
    Chapter Text
    "What are you doing in my room?" Severus croaked, swallowing through a throat that felt like sandpaper.
It was the middle of the night, and he was lying in his bed at the Manor. Harry was kneeling beside his bed, his upper body rested on his mattress, holding his right hand. Barty and the Dark Lord had claimed the armchairs in front of the fireplace and seemed to doze. Ron and Hermione lay curled up on a transfigured cot. From the looks of it, his leather desk chair had served as a base. Though the light was meagre, the former spy noticed that they all appeared drained, on the verge of becoming sick.
Squeezing Harry's hand, he repeated the question but nearly couldn't make it to the end because it hurt so much.
"Severus!" the teenager swallowed thickly. Had he cried? Why would the stupid boy do that? What had happened?
Then the merciful ignorance that had covered him like a warm blanket was brushed away. Every part of his body started hurting, even his uninjured left side. Pressing his lips together to suppress a whimper, the former spy occluded to cut off the pain. Harry, however, gently kissed his knuckles, "Don't do that. It will get worse later on."
"How would you know?"
Smiling weakly, the young man shared, "Because this is the fourth time you've woken since Friday. You barely stay awake long enough to eat something and drink your potions. But the pain gets worse every time you go back to sleep occluding."
That didn't make sense. Severus couldn't remember anything past the potion accident. He opened his mouth to swallow the pain potion Harry offered. The clever boy even allowed him to inspect it, make sure it was of his own making. In the current situation, sub-bar potions would not do! After a few minutes, he felt ready to ask, "What day is it?"
"Mondayish?" Looking out of the window revealed that the night was at its darkest, offering little insight on the time.
"Merope," The Dark Lord's voice, albeit quiet, pulled them out of their conversation. When the elf popped up, he ordered, "Broth, please."
It was embarrassing to have his former master stabilise him while his current one was feeding him soup. Yet, Severus' first attempt at getting up revealed that he would not be strong enough to do so. His hands worked just fine, but as soon as he moved his arms, or worse, upper body, everything became agony, despite the potion. Once the soup was gone, he immediately received another. He was treated with a brioche afterwards. Somehow Harry and Tom looked so pleased with his eating that he felt self-conscious. "Now that we have established that I am not at Death's door, you can all vacate my room. I am perfectly fine, sleeping unsupervised."
Harry offered a weak smile and pulled back from the bed. Waking Ron and Hermione, he whispered at them, gesturing towards the bed. The two teenagers rose from his couch and stumbled out of the room, "Get bettr soon, prfs," Ron yawned, closing the door behind them.
Barty shuffled awkwardly towards the bed. "Kids wouldn't leave you. Don't know why since you're such a bastard. Tom was only worried because of Harry. So, get better! He has more important things to do than care about your sorry arse."
That was about as much of a declaration of devotion as Bartemius Crouch would ever give. Severus merely nodded, not up for a verbal sparring match. The food and the potion were already pulling him under again. The Dark Lord only nodded before squeezing Harry's shoulder. Then he departed as well.
"Since you've a prfectly g'd bed. Go!"
Smiling weakly, Harry took off his shoes. "You do as well." Then he slipped under the covers.
"You can't …"
Pulling himself close, gently caressing Severus' head before entwining their fingers, the teenager reminded him, "You see, since you are carrying my mark and not the other way around, you'll find that I can. Now sleep, Severus. Tomorrow you will feel better."
Before he could muster up the energy to protest, Morpheus claimed him again.

Severus had never been a vain person. However, the first time he saw the extent of the damage the potion accident had caused, he recoiled from his reflection. The right side of his face, from cheekbone to the neck, was heavily inflamed and raw, as was a part of his torso, the back of his right arm and his right thigh. He looked monstrous. Harry had never given any indication to the extend of his disfigurement. If anything, his affections had only increased. But this … he clenched his teeth and forced back tears. He would not cry, not over his appearance. This was not worth being unsettled about. It did not matter. It did not matter! It Did. Not. Matter!
If he made this his mantra, maybe he learned to believe it.
"Severus? Where are you?" Harry sounded panicked. The young man had barely left his side these past few days. Severus had needed an entire week to convince him that he could go back to his cottage. Lily offered food and took care of the household chores anyway. So, he walked down to the ground floor, flinching when he closed his robes over his half-naked body.
"Hey," the teenager tried to wrestle them off. "Don't do that. You said yourself that the more they could heal unimpeded, the fast it will go!"
"I will not walk around like an image out of a nightmare!"
"Severus, they are only scars, barely skin deep. We've already established that Tom did a perfect job healing your nerves and muscles. You can cut, measure, and stir unimpeded. Scar-cream will take care of the rest. Why does it matter how you look now when nobody can see you?"
Clenching his teeth, the Potion Master hissed, "You can see me."
Understanding dawned in Harry's eyes, and again Severus wished that he would have held his tongue. It was bad enough that he was suffering this unsightliness. There was no need to broadcast his insecurities. A shadow clouded Harry's face when the young man inquired, "So when you look at me, all you can see is the scar on my forehead or the ones on my wrist?"
"What? No! Of course not, but they are hardly as prominent."
Stepping up, cautiously wrapping his arms around the older wizard, the teenager whispered, "No, but they are ugly, and no amount of scar cream will ever make them go away. They are too old and too … cursed. But that does not mean that they are all I am. In a few months, you will be as good as new, but only if you allow yourself to get better. I …" Looking up, there was a strange emotion in Harry's eyes, one Severus could not identify. Still, he nodded helplessly when the teenager demanded. "I could not live with myself if something happened to you. Please, promise me that nothing like that will happen ever again."
It was not a promise he could make, and they both knew. No matter how cautious, accidents could happen, from miscalculation or mistake. Fred and George had been careful, had pulled back and tried to neutralise the danger of their experimental potion. But they had used the wrong ingredients. It could happen to him as well but … but he would do his best to avoid catastrophes if it left Harry that unsettled. One could heal from anything … except death.

Ron had not attended Sunday lunch on the 18th. At Fred and George's question where their youngest brother might be, they were told that he stayed at Harry's. And while their mother worried, since Sirius still kept his home's location a secret, she didn't seem overly concerned that Ron spent so much time there.
"Ron's not …" Fred had started, but before he could finish the sentence, a spell silenced him. The twins looked around, unsure who would cast on them since their mother's back was turned. They froze when they met the calm eyes of their oldest brother, who was simply shaking his head. Bill knew something, but clearly not enough. As the oldest, he had always been protective of them. There was no way he would protect Ron's location if he knew that Harry was involved with You-Know-Who.
Still, with him around, they could not voice their concerns. They were handy with jokes, but mum would go ballistic if they put one on the table. Bill could outcast them any day. After lunch, they retreated to their former room to discuss options. They nearly had a heart attack when Bill entered after a perfunctory knock. Leaning against the door, effectively blocking their exit, he twirled his wand and set up some pretty impressive wards. "One would think that Ron has an excellent reason to hide from mum where exactly Harry is staying this summer."
"The problem is not the place but the company," George replied, uncharacteristically grim. "Bill, you don't know Harry's housemates. If you knew, you would not be so calm!"
The eldest Weasley son merely tilted his head. "You are right; I don't know anything. But since Harry and I were in extensive contact last summer, I might as well make an educated guess."
"You worked with Harry? Why?"
"I … I helped him to put his affairs in order."
The twins seemed confused. "Why would Harry need to put his affairs in order? He's perfectly fine. He survived the tournament and didn't even have to go back to his muggle relatives!"
Well, that was not all true. Without Harry's blood in the house, the curse Bill had woven so expertly would not have taken effect. He was incredibly proud of the development of this karma curse. His superiors had commended him on it, added it to Gringotts' wards. Goblins usually bit off their tongues than complimenting a wizard. The sharing of sensation was easy, child's play almost. But only with Harry being kicked out of the place he had called home had the second curse kick in. For years now, decades even, the Dursley family would suffer from bad fortune. Nothing life-threatening, of course. Harry would never abide that. But things simply would not go their way. Since Bill had complete control over Harry's vaults, as per the teenager's insistence, he had used a surplus of one of the accounts to buy the lease to the Dursleys' house. While he would have gladly kicked them to the curb, he knew that Harry would never be as vindictive. Also, homes in a good muggle neighbourhood were suitable investments. He had purchased half a dozen, two of whom he had equipped to become safe-houses. So, no matter how out of luck the family would be, they would not have to live in the streets. Beyond that … well, they had to work their way up, clamour for food by possibly accepting demeaning work, just to gain enough money. The day they felt honest regret for what they had done to their nephew, the curse would lift. Bill was not holding his breath.
"I'm not stupid, and neither are you. Tell me, what possible situation could Harry have gotten himself into that would have made him think to care for Ron and Hermione, for Sirius, Remus and even Severus Snape, in case he would not survive?"
Fred and George sagged back on their beds bonelessly. Trading a glance, they whispered, "He was prepared to confront You-Know-Who."
"Most likely," their brother confirmed. "And now, let us remember how many raids, killings and massacres happened this last year?"
"What?"
"Nothing of the sort happened! There was only this fight at the Department of Mysteries …"
"But nearly every Death Eater involved went back to Azkaban."
"Exactly. Now, why do you think is that?" Their brother challenged.
"Because they are working together," the twins breathed in one voice.
Nodding, Bill recommended, "Maybe, you should actually talk to your youngest brother before making assumptions about his safety. If Harry has a good reason to stay where he is, maybe so does Ron."

The night before the 24th, Fred and George barely slept. Sunday lunch had become a permanent fixture in their lives. Especially now that Bill had been transferred back to Gringotts London, their mother insisted on the family spending at least one meal per week together. So, there would be them, Ginny, hopefully, Percy and Bill. Charlie was in Romania but had promised to come for Christmas.
When they popped in, Ron was laughing uproariously at something Ginny was saying. Their little sister was gesturing widely, eyes shining with mirth. Even Percy was smiling ever so slightly, though he sat a little away from the others. Ron throwing a pillow at him made him chuckle as well, throwing it back. It was … everything was so normal, it hurt. Like none of their own was working with Voldemort behind their backs. Like none of them was betraying their family to the man whose war had killed their uncles. It was all so … surreal.
Later, during lunch, their youngest brother piped up, "Oh, Bill, Harry told me to ask you about his state of investments."
Instantly, the twins tensed. Ron had promised them not to tell their mother how they had been doing. They were better already but were not out of the tight spot yet.
"Which ones?" Bill looked up.
He wouldn’t.
He wouldn't.
…
"Real estate?" Ron frowned. "Why does Harry have real estate investments? Is that even profitable?"
Grinning, their oldest brother revealed, "You can tell him that recently some of the owners had trouble paying their lease. At one point, he might have to step in and talk to them about back payment."
"Oh … okay." Returning to his conversation with Ginny. The topic drifted, namely towards Ginny ribbing Bill good-naturedly about his obsession with the new French translator at Gringotts. Fleur Delacour was not an unfamiliar figure. However, they had not even known that the former Triwizard's champion had started to work in London. Bill seemed uncharacteristically good informed. Their mother frowned at that, especially since this 'French woman' was rumoured to be half Veela.
To save his brother, Ron asked, "Just in case Harry asks, where is the problem-house located?"
"Surrey," Bill replied.
Slowly looking up from his plate, Ron fixated his brother." Surrey?"
"Little Whinging, to be exact."
"Three bedrooms with a back garden?"
"Yep."
Sadistically, Ron purred, "Good."
Having tuned into their conversation, Molly wanted to know, "What use does Harry have for a three-bedroom house in Surrey?"
Turning slightly, Ron chuckled, "I don't know, mum. But I imagine, eventually, it will feel like home."

Once the pudding had been consumed, Bill nudged the twins in the direction of the back garden. " You'll never find out what's going on if you don't talk. Ron has become very good at keeping secrets. Go, I'll do the washing."
Ron was sitting on the stack of wood behind their house. "Took you long enough," he commented as he spotted them. Sliding off, he started to wander over the fields that surrounded the Burrow. Once they were out of hearing distance, he turned around and crossed his arms before his chest. "Alright, give it a go."
Once more, Fred and George traded an edgy look. Ron had never been that way. He had been their awkward and slightly insecure little brother. But before them stood a self-assured young man, who seemed determined to not give them an inch.
"You've changed," Fred commented.
Ron, however, shrugged. "I've gained perspective. I had to live up to that."
"What perspective?" George wanted to know.
Seemingly debating with himself on how much to reveal, Ron finally admitted, "Harry wants me to be his proxy for the Black seats. Only a pureblood can hold them, so it was Black or me."
"Sirius Black is the last Lord Black!"
"No, he isn't," their brother shook his head. "Sirius Black was disowned from his mother and struck from the family tree. He might be allowed to carry the name but not the title. Since Harry was … is his godson, that means the Lordship goes to him until another Black pureblood can be instated."
"So, he promised you a seat at the Wizengamot, and now you're supporting him working with Voldemort?"
Ron reared back as if George had struck him. "That's what you think?" He whispered. "That I sold my soul to the devil because Harry promised me influence and power?"
"You wouldn't be the first one," George replied.
Fred, however, shook his head and tried to reach for Ron. Though his younger brother pulled back before he could make contact, he tried to ease, "No, Ron, of course we don't think that! George is just his rash, stupid self!" Glaring at his twin, he offered placatingly, "We just don't understand. You-Know-Who has killed so many. How can you stomach even being in the same room as him, let alone work with him."
Slowly shaking his head, Ron chuckled drily, "So you trust Harry with the financial future of your shop, but you don't trust him when it comes to the rest of the Wizarding World? Did it ever occur to you that my … that Harry was doing the right thing? You've known him for five years. Merlin, you helped me save him after second year! You gave him the damn map. You helped him with the DA, and now you suggest that he has gone over to the dark side and that I shouldn't trust him anymore? Bloody hell … "
A crack of apparition made them all flinch. Harry appeared right beside his best friend and put a gentle hand on his shoulder. "Don't do that, Ron. They are your brothers. They just want to protect you."
"I don't need their protection!" Ron pulled out of Harry's touch. He gestured wildly, "They have no clue what's going on. Yet, they stand here, all superior and judgemental, when they have no clue of the danger we are all in. Bloody hell, if they went to muggle London, they would not even know how to protect themselves. They live in their little bubble of bliss and don't care about the rest of the world and have the gall to consider me a traitor!"
"Yes, they do," Harry confirmed with a small smile. "Because they don't know better. Because we … you haven't explained it. Here!" Harry pushed a few strips of paper into Ron's hand. "Show them around. Maybe then they will see."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    The sun was touching the horizon as the twins were spooning their 'McFlurry's'. The Weasley boys watched the steady stream of people rushing from the tub towards their homes or the other way around. Muggle London was loud, dirty, and smelled. Ron was sipping something that was called a 'Caramel Latte Macchiato'. He put the blame for this addiction squarely on Hermione's shoulders.
They had started at Kings Cross, where Hermione had already been waiting for them. The muggleborn witch had helped them navigate Central London. She had told them about surveillance, little mobile devices that could be used to reach anybody at any time and the advantages of public transport. They had been surrounded by people all afternoon – quite rude people, now they thought about it. The twins had stood mesmerised in front of something called 'television'. Their dad had a similar box in the shack, but no pictures ever showed up on it. Fred had become very still when they had seen 'news' about catastrophes, wars, sports events and countless other things they could not understand. Apparently, muggles were a violent bunch, and Hermione had warned them that they could never, under any circumstances, pull out their wands. Learning about firearms and 'army knives,' they could certainly understand why. A wand could be a weapon, and apparently, muggles were eager to defend themselves against any perceived threat by all means necessary.
Around seven, Hermione had introduced them to 'fast food' and had left because her parents expected her home by seven-thirty. The boys had watched her approach one of the huge, red monstrosities the muggles called busses, and after waving one last time, she had been off. Now they were sitting here, overwhelmed and, truth to be told, more than a little scared.
"Do you want to go home?" Ron wanted to know.
"I … we …"
"How?"
Smiling softly, their little brother touched their arms soothingly. "The Leaky Cauldron is just around the corner. I'm not good with public transport either. So, Hermione made sure we could make our way back. Come on."
It had been a relief when the dingy interior of the Leaky Cauldron had greeted them. Post haste, they returned to their shop. Only back in their eclectically furnished flat did they relax. Ron put on the kettle, and after helping himself to a cup, he explained.
"At the beginning, Tom Marvolo Riddle was nothing but an ambitious half-blood. But never call him that. He abhors his muggle father." He grinned. "Anyway, he was born sometime before the second world war. He grew up in an orphanage and lived through the Blitz. You know, the attack where muggles were throwing bombs all over England?"
The twins shook their heads, but still, they got the gist of what their brother was saying. "Two things happened during that attack: first, he got really, really scared. I mean, he was a teenager and had no way of protecting himself against muggle bombs. And second, he became determined that he would do everything in his power to not die! So, he took measures to ensure that. He set up a plan … a brotherhood of sorts to separate the Wizarding World from the muggle world. Magical children are often met with scorn or even violence. He wanted to stop that. Unfortunately, the means he used to ensure his immortality backfired spectacularly, driving him insane."
"Insane enough to condone random killings and go after a baby?" George hissed angrily.
"Basically," Ron shrugged. "Harry told you the prophecy, but when Tom first heard about it, he didn't get more than the first two lines, >The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ...< yadda, yadda, yadda. There was the question of Harry or Neville being the intended target. When Peter turned traitor, Tom took it as a sign and went after the Potters. As we all know, that didn't work particularly well for him. When he and Harry met face to face … well, body to body after the Triwizard Tournament, Harry learned that he had a choice. The choice to kill Voldemort or to work with him."
Quietly Fred pondered, "Harry is no killer."
Relived of his brother getting it, Ron nodded, "Exactly. So, it was either their worlds against each other or them against the world. They chose to make it work. Harry became a little more of a bastard, and Tom became a little more of a saint. But don't tell them I said that."
"So, what," George sneered, "They are now working together for a better future?"
"Yes."
The simple reply made the twins stare at their youngest brother incredulously. There was no doubt, just conviction. How was that possible? This was a fairy tale. Dark Lords didn't suddenly see the error of their ways and became the 'good guys!
Sighing, Ron brushed over his face, "Listen, you don't have to believe me. But try to learn a little more about muggles. Read their newspapers every other day and form your own opinion." Ron washed his cup and put it back in the cupboard. Before he left, he recalled something Barty had told him just last week. "Oh, and maybe you want to look into inheritance law. As far as I know, Gideon and Fabian Prewett were the last Lords who held that title, but even before them, it was always twins, at least for the last 530-something years. That can't be a coincidence."
Then he left for the Leaky Cauldron. He couldn't wait to learn how to apparate. Finding a floo connection was so tedious.
On the 30th of August, Tom and Harry called Severus to the ritual circle. After two weeks, he could move nearly unhindered, the pain manageable with a few weak potions. The scar cream was doing its job, but it would take months before the accident could be erased from his body. While he had learned not to think about it, Harry had cooked up a plan.
"Are you ready?"
No! Why did he always find himself here, at the centre of a ritual circle before the new school year? Still, just like before, he knew there was no choice. Also, this time it was for his benefit. So, he would manage. A small, black ring was drenched in his blood, spun copper, woven around a strand of his own hair. Harry would put it on him, so he would be the only one to be able to take it off. Not Dumbledore, not Poppy, not even Severus himself. It would make him look like … himself, just without the scars. That way, he could hide his mishap.
They could not show weakness, not when they were so close to establishing a solid position in the Wizengamot. This year, Hermione and Ron would come of age. The day they did, they could claim Harry's seats as proxies. That would shift the power balance of the Wizengamot from the light to the neutral side since the Potter's had been a neutral family at heart. Of course, they would not act before Harry could join them, but … well, it was a start. The Blacks were … well, dark, of course. While Sirius could not hold a Lordship, he could still heavily influence the votes. Only with Ron speaking for them could they be sure that the decisions would fall in their favour. And as soon as the Wizengamot was under their control, they could start changing their world, with Dumbledore standing at the sideline, unable to work against it. This time there would be no war, no casualties. Things would finally go the way Tom Riddle had planned fifty years ago. With Harry by his side, they would succeed.
"I am ready. You may begin."
"What's a Slug-Club?"
"Don't remind me," Harry groaned, closing his eyes, knocking his head against the seat of the couch in the Gryffindor common room. As per habit, Ron and Hermione were using the sofa while their friend sat on the floor before them. Hermione started to card her fingers through his shoulder-length hair.
"It can't have been that bad."
"Slughorn collects people like Ron collects Chocolate Frog cards. He likes to make himself feel important by surrounding himself with important people. I was his 'crowned jewel'!"
Slapping the back of his head, his best friend admonished, "Stop it, or that the room will become too small for you and your ego."
Grumbling, Harry rubbed his head. "Honestly, I'm almost glad that I can't take potions this year. The man would be a nightmare as a teacher."
"It's your own fault, Harry, really," Hermione chuckled when they all made their way to the first potion lesson of the year. "You called it."
"Why would crushing Sopophorous beans with the flat side of a dagger produce more juice than cutting them? I mean, there is a set amount of juice inside of every bean. This doesn't even make sense!" Harry complained, reading through his new/old potion's book while relaxing in Severus' quarters for the evening. The first week has been a whirlwind of adjusting schedules, settling back into the tower, and dealing with student drama. Ginny hexing Smith for badmouthing her had been particularly impressive.
"You have to use a silver dagger for that to work," Severus replied absent-minded, not looking up from adjusting his lesson plan for the year. Honestly, could the headmaster not have told him more than four weeks in advance? This was a nightmare! At least the books Lupin had initially suggested were halfway decent, so he could fall back on that.
"And the counter-clockwise stir to clear the colour faster?"
"The swap in orientation forced the ingredients to bind at an accelerated rate, and nothing in the Draught of the Living Death reacts badly to being a little shaken up."
Slowly looking up from his book, Harry narrowed his eyes. "How would I counter the excessive singing and nose-tweaking side-effects of Euphoria Elixir?"
"By adding a spring of peppermint in the second stage," somewhat enervated, Severus looked up from his paperwork. "Honestly, Harry, I am downright ecstatic that you are showing at least a modicum of interest in the fine art of potion-making, but you will learn all about those tweaks this year. Why the sudden interest?"
"Somehow, I doubt that," Harry spoke to himself. Since all the adjustments were written in the markings, and Hermione's copy didn't have them, he suspected that he had received a copy from someone who had already had a deeper understanding of potions while at school. Someone who had been far enough ahead in his knowledge to correct sixth-year potions in sixth year. "Severus, have you ever heard of the Half-Blood Prince?"
His follower's face lost all colour. "Where have you heard that name?"
As a reply, Harry turned around his book. Severus was upon him in an instant, ripping the book from his hands. "That is mine! Where did you get it?"
Merely tilting his head to the side, the young man looked at him. For a few seconds, neither said a word, Severus rushing through the book, Harry watching him. Then, slowly the Potion Master looked up. At the scrutinizing gaze of his master, he swallowed heavily, obviously forcing himself not to step back. Showing weakness could get you killed. He was not starting now! Softly, Harry replied, "Slughorn gave it to me on the first day of class. And I will have it back now, please."
The other wizard was obviously at war with himself. "Why? We could get you a new book from Diagon by Friday. It would be easier to work with, not falling apart, like this one."
Rising, gently pulling the copy from his follower's slacking fingers, Harry stated, "Because I would actually like to learn something. And we both know that Slughorn is not half the teacher you are." Severus wanted to snatch it back but restrained himself, remembering his place. So, his master decided to give an inch.
"I will take good care of it, I promise. And at the end of the year, I'll give it back to you. I've ordered a new copy already, and I'll swap the covers. Slughorn will never know."
"Harry, I …" Severus sighed and closed his eyes. Taking his time, since he knew this man by now, the younger waited. "That year, I was … angry, most of the time. I did more than adjust the potions. I wanted them to be stronger, better, but I did not have the knowledge I have now. A few became unstable. My adjustments made them dangerous. I mostly corrected these errors by the end of the year, but I don't know if everything in there is safe. Also …"
"Also?" Harry gently touched Severus neck, brushing over the healing skin with his thumb.
Leaning into the caress like a kitten, the Potion Master admitted, "I developed spells … curses. I haven't for quite some time because what I came up with was almost always …."
"Volatile."
"To say the least," Severus was looking up again. "Be cautious, Harry. I was not a good person back then. I don't want you to make my mistakes."
Stepping closer, the young man touched their foreheads. "Don't worry. I make enough of my own to not need yours. We can go over the potions. Maybe we can take an hour or two in the evening, once a week, to teach me. At least if this year is less of a nightmare than the last."
Nodding, the Potion Master relaxed and pulled the younger man into his arms. Harry indulged him.
Saturday, Harry was called to Dumbledore's office. For a while, the trio had debated if that was even safe. In the end, they decided to trust their layered shields to protect Harry's mind against a possible intrusion.
It was interesting to see Tom's ancestors and his soulmate's birth. Even if it was through a washed-out memory in a pensive, still, it felt wrong to gain this information from a third party and not Tom himself. However, since his soulmate had never shown interest in teaching Harry about his family, this was as much information as he would ever get. Though the young man hated, that Dumbledore knew it as well. In a way, it felt as if nothing about Tom was sacred. As if all of his secrets could be laid bare, taking his right to privacy away.
That night, Harry stepped into Tom's arms and apologized. It was all he could do.
The morning of the Quidditch try-outs, Ron was a quivering mess of nerves. Once he was in the air and they realised that no amount of encouragement could soothe him, Harry thought, 'You agreed to become my proxy at the Wizengamot. If you are this afraid of a quaffle, how can you hope to ever stand up to Lords?'
That did the trick. Ron straightened on his broom, and an unexpected calm washed over him. Not a single ball made it past his hoops, and he was chosen as this year's keeper unanimously.
On the 19th of September, a man in a vintage waistcoat knocked on Jennifer and Stephen Granger's door. He looked distantly familiar, but the couple couldn't place him at first glance. "Good evening," Stephen greeted the man, "can we help you?"
The man's tongue flicked out, licking his lips somewhat nervously, looking around. "Mr. Granger, Mrs. Granger, I am a friend of your daughter, Hermione. May I come in?"
Now Jennifer recognised him, "You were in our garden August 17th. You took Hermione away."
"I did. Hermione was needed."
Folding her arms before her chest, the woman scolded, "You did not bring her back until five days later. We were out of our minds with worry. Had Hermione not sent her little silver messenger, we would have had no clue what was going on!"
Having already learned that magic was not spoken about in the muggle world, Stephen stepped back. "Please, come in, Mr. …."
"Crouch, Bartemius Crouch Jr."
"Mr. Crouch, I am not happy with you. I will tell you that. But better to keep this conversation out of the public eye."
Grateful, Barty entered the suburban home. He had only seen glimpses of it in the past. Hermione had always met him in the garden. It was nice, he had to admit, utterly average but clean, and it smelled good, like roses and peppermint. Shaking his head, remembering the task his master had set him upon, Barty explained, "Today is Hermione's 17th birthday." You don't say, the eyes of her parent's told him, and he had to admit that it was a somewhat weak start. "Your daughter has told you about the trace?"
Nodding, her father replied, "Yes, her wand registers her spells. So, she can't do magic at home. Not even for educational purpose, something I intend to bring up with your government. You can't expect children to catch up to the next year when you forbid them from practising their spells in the safety of their own homes."
Maybe, Barty could grow to like these muggles. They treated magic like any other skill that had to be practised. It was good that they were open-minded. "You are right, of course. But until that is possible, we have to keep our magic to ourselves. However, the reason for me being here is that I would like to kidnap you."
Stephen immediately pulled his wife behind his back. "Where do you want to take us."
"To Hogwarts. A place that is called 'The Chamber of Secrets'."
"With the basilisk?" Jennifer paled. "It's … you are working with that Dark Wizard … You-Know-Him. We won't come willingly!" She threatened, reaching for a lamp that stood at the side table. "We won't let you use us against our daughter!"
Oh yes, he did like these people. "First, the basilisk was killed by Harry in his second year as your daughter has undoubtedly told you. And second, the Chamber is the only part of Hogwarts not covered with anti-apparation wards. Finally, the library of Salazar Slytherin is Hermione's second favourite place, so we thought that holding her birthday party there would be fitting."
A crack at their backs startled them. "I do not like to wait, Barty. What is taking you so long? These are muggles, after all."
The man at their backs wore robes, like those people in the magical street. He looked distinguished and carried himself like a Lord. However, he seemed impatient, and that did not bode well.
"You're him … You-Know-Him …" Mrs. Granger breathed out, clearly torn between keeping Barty or this newcomer in her line of sight.
The wizard raised his eyebrows. Somehow under his red eyes, she felt like a specimen under a microscope. Then he held out his hand, "Tom Marvolo Riddle, a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mrs. Granger."
Automatically she took the offered hand. A slight blush rose in her cheeks when he kissed her hand. He shook Stephen's and stated, "Now that we are all familiarised with each other, let's go." He took her husband's arm and instructed, "You take Mrs. Granger. If she's anything like her daughter, I won't risk it." Then he popped away.
Helplessly, Jennifer looked at the remaining wizard, who licked his lip again, now clearly excited, "Shall we go? You wouldn't want to leave your husband alone with the Dark Lord, would you?" As soon as she put her hand in his, he pulled her in tight, and they were gone.
The trio was just making their way to the great hall when McGonagall intercepted them. "Mrs. Granger, please, follow me."
Confused, Hermione traded a look with Harry and Ron, then followed her Head of House to the headmaster's office. Once seated at the table, having refused a lemon drop, Dumbledore stated gravely, "Today at 6.03 p.m. apparition was registered at the home of your parents. When the Aurors came to investigate nine minutes later, your parents were gone."
"What?" Hermione started to hyperventilate, "What happened? Who was it? Where are they?"
'Hermione, breathe,' Ron ordered, and Harry soothed, 'Everything is fine.'
'What? How? Harry, they are my parents! Nothing is fine!'
Her best friends send soothing waves through their bond, 'Hermione, I swear to you, your parents will open their surgery right on time, tomorrow. This is just for tonight.'
McGonagall and Dumbledore had tried to calm her, worried about an impending panic attack. That she had not listened to them did not help the case. But for the first time, it played into their hands. "I … is there anything I can do?"
"I'm afraid not, Mrs. Granger," the headmaster explained. "The Aurors are already at the scene and investigating."
"We just thought that you had the right to know, especially today," McGonagall added.
"Yes, I …" Hermione swallowed. "Can I … may I go, please. I would like to be with my friends."
"Of course, if you like to talk, my office is always open."
"Thank you, Sir."
After catching up with her friends, who were waiting for her in the corridor beside Dumbledore's office, Hermione boxed Harry's arm. "That's for scaring me half to death!" Then her entire face lit up like the sun. "Now, let's go. Where are they?"
 
  
    Chapter Text
    When they entered Salazar Slytherin's library, her father was browsing the shelves while her mother conversed with Barty. The man rubbed his arm. "Did she bite you?"
Chuckling, Barty approached her, "You Granger women, you're a menace!" Then he hugged her, "Happy Birthday."
She returned the hug, looking over the Death Eater's shoulder towards the Dark Lord, mouthing, 'Thank you.'
Tom only rolled his eyes, "Do not think that I have taken a sudden interest in your emotional welfare. This was not my idea."
She chuckled and then flew into her parent's arms. The seventeenth birthday with her family! Best present ever!!!

"It is beautiful, but you can't accept that. It must be worth a hundred pounds at least!" Her father shook his head regretfully, looking at the watch Hermione had pulled out of the small box Harry and Ron had handed her.
It truly was a stunning piece. Art Nouveau, no doubt, and judging from the grimace of her two friends behind her father's back, 100 pounds might not even begin to cover it. Turning it around, she found an inscription:
>Calamus gladio fortior.      Non potest sine plebe.<
Beneath it was the signatures of her two best friends edged into the enamel. It would not rub off, would not fade with time; she could feel as much. Tears shone in her eyes as she hugged them. "Thank you so much."
Caressing the precious piece, her mother wanted to know what the inscription meant.
"The pen is mightier than the sword. The people cannot be saved without it." Hermione translated.
Mrs. Granger frowned. "That is a quite liberal approach of Cardinal Richelieu's words from Edward Bulwer-Lytton's play." He smiled at his daughter. "But somehow, they feel like the perfect fit."
Apparently fed up with the sentimentality, Tom rose from his chair, where he had savoured samples from the buffet their elves had prepared. "Let us get this over with. I don't have all evening. Open the watch, girl!"
Snapping the mechanism, Hermione's breath caught. Her eyes flew to Harry as she choked, "No, Harry, I can't accept that." Tears ran over her cheeks as she caressed the fading inscription on the inside of the lid:
>For the most beautiful flower of all. Happy BirthdayProngs<
Her best friend, however, closed her hands over the watch, explaining in a rough voice, "From this day on, you will be my proxy for the Potter seats. Nothing but the watch of the last Lady Potter would be suitable. Take it, Hermione. Tom has chosen it with care, and Ron found us the jeweller who did your engraving. Mum must have cherished this gift because she kept it safe at Gringotts. Now I want you to have it. Please."
Chewing on her bottom lip, Hermione nodded and hugged him. "I'll make your mother proud. I promise."
"I know you will," Harry assured her, squeezing tight.
"Do you really think that I have nothing better to do than to entertain your insipid friends?" Tom admonished, stepping up to them.
Pulling back a little, his arms still around Hermione's waist, Harry grinned at his equal, "Considering that this is the coming-of-age party for one of your most important political alleys, I would say: No, not really."
Rolling his eyes, the Dark Lord pulled a dagger. Immediately Stephen got up to intercept him, but Ron held him back. "Don't, Sir. It's okay."
"He can't …" the muggle choked, but Hermione explained. "He can, and he will. Magic is more than wand-weaving, dad. Sometimes you have to make a sacrifice to gain so much more!"
When her mother wanted to approach, Barty kept her at bay. She glared, "I will do worse things than bite your hand if you touch me again." She growled when Voldemort pierced Hermione's hand, letting three drops of blood fall into the lid of the pocket-watch before healing the cut with an absent-minded gesture. Squeezing her father, Ron stepped up to them, offering his own hand. Harry was last. Tom started to hiss, and the blood began to boil, seeping into the device. Once the last trace of red was gone, the watch snapped shut.
"This watch is now a part of you, as you are a part of them," the Dark Lord explained. "It won't break, won't need winding and won't be lost. You are the only one who can take it off, and it will always find its way back to you. Wherever, whenever you are, you can always be found."
Pressing the watch to her chest, Hermione whispered, "Thank you, Sir." Then she hugged him. For a brief moment, panic flared in Tom's eyes, but then she let go and clipped the watch to her belt. "I'll never take it off."
"That would be wise," he stated regally and retreated post-haste.

The first indication that this year would not be smooth sailing – apparently, that would have been too much to ask – was Katie Bell getting cursed in Hogsmeade.
Tom had no insight to offer on who could have a grudge against the Gryffindor. So they waited.

The second meeting with Dumbledore showed Harry Merope Gaunt. It was hard to recognise the frightened, half-starved girl in the gentle ghost he had met last year. But for once, Harry was grateful. Not that the headmaster once more had such intimate insight into his soulmate's past. But the girl was looking at her baby with such overwhelming love. There could not be the shadow of a doubt that little Tom had been the most important person in her entire world.
She had given him up, but only with the knowledge that she had chosen the path for him that gave him the most chances of success. Yes, Tom had suffered. People were narrow-minded, jealous of power and afraid of anything they could not understand. They were also vicious if they wanted to get rid of a threat. And, oh, how dangerous Tom had been, even at the age of seven.
When Harry shared the memory that night, Tom did not cry. At least that's what they would tell everyone should they ever ask.

Halloween passed without an incident, so Harry slowly started to relax. Maybe Katy had been an isolated incident? Perhaps he really had a chance to catch up with his schoolwork, spend time with his friends, and enhance his brewing abilities with Severus. If it was only the two of them, Snape was actually a halfway decent teacher. It helped, of course, that Harry wanted to understand the potions they were about to make for the first time in his life.
It was amazing to see Severus like that,  talking animated about something he loved. His eyes were shining, and he became far more engaged than he had ever been in class. The Potion Master explained the minor adjustments he had discovered and why they were working. One evening, when Harry entered his quarters, Neville was just cleaning out a cauldron.
"I see you're entertaining other boys as well," he Harry, leaning against the doorframe of the private lab. "Should I be jealous?"
Severus sneered, but Neville turned a flaming red, making Harry laugh, "Don't worry, Neville, I'm not the jealous type. We can share our Potion Professor like we have for the past five years."
Rolling his eyes, the other Gryffindor grumbled, "I hate you."
On his way out, Harry brushed their shoulders, "No, you don't. Have a good evening, Neville."
Looking over their shoulders at the wizard, who was pointedly not looking or listening, Neville grinned. "You too, Harry."
Once his friend was gone, Harry entered the lab. "How is he doing?"
"Once Mr. Longbottom has found his courage, it has come to my attention that he actually can be taught."
"High praise."
"I don't praise. I am merely stating the facts."
Closing in on his advisor, Harry wrapped his arms around him. Somehow, he got the impression that Severus was exhausted, though his firm posture didn't betray anything. "What's wrong, Severus?"
Aware that he would not get away with telling the truth, the Head of Slytherin House admitted, "Something is going on with Draco, but the stupid boy won't talk to me."
"Really? I haven't noticed." Harry tried to remember what Draco had been up to these last few weeks.
"Maybe it's nothing," Severus tried to appease, but his heart wasn't into it.
"Hey," the teenager soothed. "We'll keep an eye on him. If he's in trouble, we will find out, and then you can decide what to do."
The former spy closed his eyes. As far back as he could remember, he had been alone with his worries. Nobody had noticed, and if they did, they simply hadn't cared. Now, things were different. Harry was different. Gentle lips brushing over his own had him squeeze his eyes shut. Maybe, if he didn't look, he could allow himself this. A few minutes of peace were all he wanted.

"You have what?" Harry yelled at his soulmate.
Tom looked up from his desk, irritated at being shouted at. Slughorn's Christmas party on the 20th had been quite a revelation on more than one level. The few muggleborn in attendance had not known how to deal with Blaise by Harry's side. Ron and Hermione had barely warranted a second look. Draco sneaking around, Snape then pulling him aside for a private conversation, had been quite enlightening. Fortunately, they had left for the Christmas Holidays the following day, giving Harry the chance to yell at his soulmate in the evening. "I have tasked the Malfoy heir with killing Dumbledore."
"Are you out of your mind? Do you have any idea how much danger you have put the other students in? Draco lack's killer's instinct, as you very well know. Why would you do something so stupid?"
Stalking from his desk, zoning in on Harry like a predator would on prey, Lord Voldemort growled, "You will not insult me in my own home! Remember your place, boy!"
Paling, Harry took half a step back. "Don't call me that," he whispered. "Don't call me 'boy', like him!"
"Harry," Tom sighed, reaching for his equal. After some initial resistance, Harry allowed himself to be pulled in. After a few minutes, the teenager mumbled, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that." Tom nodded. "Apology accepted. Now stop acting like a child and talk to me."
"Draco's merely a kid. He does not have enough Black blood to succeed in such madness. Yet his dilettante manoeuvres put others at risk. I can't monitor him every minute of every day; neither can Severus. If innocents get hurt, that's on us! You know how I feel about students getting involved. So why did you do that?"
Gently pushing Harry back, tilting up his face, the Dark Lord revealed, "Because he is of more use to you than he can ever be to me. If I push him past his breaking point, he will crawl to you and consider you salvation. Loyalty like that can't be bought with all the gold of Gringotts."
"Devious," Harry commented, then smiled coldly. "I like it." Becoming serious again, he repeated, "I apologise for the insult. I don't want to be a person who …."
"I understand, *my Horcrux*. You were scared. You have neglected your occlumency lessons these past few weeks. During the summer, this would not have happened. No matter how angry you would have been."
Ashamed, the teenager nodded.
"Let us go to the duelling chamber. We can blow off steam and meditate afterwards. Dinner is not for another hour."
"Tom?"
"Yes?"
"Thank you."
The Dark Lord only nodded, but Harry could see the hint of a smile on his lips.

'Do I really have to?'
'Harry, mum's going ballistic if you don't show up. She's even had Sirius promise to bring you along!' Ron whined two days before Christmas.
'Oh, and Sirius as the cherry on top. That's just brilliant!'
'Ron,' Hermione piped up. 'Stop bothering Harry. You're giving me a headache. And Harry, you need to go, and you know it. So, arrange for a meeting time and then shut up. I'm working on my Charms essay. I know I've made a mistake, and I simply can't find it!'
'Yes, Hermione,' they replied in unison.
After a minute, Harry finally relented. 'I'll join Sirius after breakfast and the gift exchange on the 25th. We'll be at the Burrow around 11 a.m.. Alright?'
'Listen, mate, I don't like it any better than you do. But something is going on, and we won't find out if you don't come along.'
'QUIET!'
And so, Harry's Christmas day was ruined before it had even begun.

"Harry? What are you doing here?" Sirius wondered when Harry knocked on his door Christmas morning.
"You've promised Molly that you would bring me for lunch." The teenager replied drily, pushing a present into Sirius' hands while shouldering past him.
Hugging his pup, Remus wanted to know, "Well, since we have not told you that, and you're currently angry at Sirius, I assume Ron did? We planned on offering an excuse when arriving at the Burrow."
Handing over a potion's crate, Remus did not look particularly well since it had been the full moon last night. The teenager wondered, "Really?"
"Well," Sirius was scratching the back of his neck. "Since you've made it clear that you are not particularly eager to deal with people who support the headmaster, we thought it best to … you know … keep you away from them."
"Really?" Harry repeated, surprised.
"Of course," his godfather shook his head. "Listen, I … look, I'm not particularly good at this 'caring' thing and all. I still think Severus is the wrong choice. But, you've made it clear that it's none of my business, and in the end, I am your godfather. James and Lily made your well-being my responsibility. I'm sure your parents have envisioned a different future for you. But since here's where we're at, I'm trying to make the best of it. You could still … you know … leave, and we'd tell Molly that you've had too much eggnog yesterday and are still in bed or something."
He shook his head, and a soft smile light up his face. "I promised Ron that I would come. He thinks something fishy is going on and needs me to find out what it is."

Sirius was seething, and a small, vindictive part of Harry actually enjoyed that. His godfather was barring his teeth, like the dog he was, barking at Rufus Scrimgeour, who had dared to guide Harry out of the Burrow for a 'private' chat, while Percy was awkwardly conversing with his parents. "Harry is not part of your campaign against Dumbledore. If you need a spy in Hogwarts, you should at least have the guts to send one yourself. Fudge certainly had the balls for it! If you ever approach, talk to, or in any other way contact my godson to make him part of your political agenda, I will show you every bit of madness my family is so famous for!"
"Lord Black!" The Minister of Magic admonished, but Sirius cut him off.
"I am not Lord Black, Harry is, since I'm an ex-convict. If you want him to even think about supporting you, you will treat him with the respect a Lord of two families deserves!" Without waiting for a reply, he turned towards Harry. "We're leaving. Say goodbye to Ron!"
Without a word, Harry slipped into the Burrow, trying to find his friend. As soon as he made eye contact, he thought gleefully, 'Sirius went absolutely ballistic on Scrimgeour. Jumped right down his throat for trying to enlist me for his political campaigns.'
Ron grinned widely. 'So, we'll be seeing him on New Year's Eve?'
'Maybe,' Harry's eyes shone up at the thought. Then he glanced towards the kitchen. 'Try to find out if your mum knew about the Minister's plans. I mean, I wound understand with him bringing Percy, but ….'
'You don't like being manipulated. Yea, I get it. Have a good Christmas Day. See you next week.'
'Thanks, and … sorry.'
At that, Ron rose and hugged his best friend. "It's not your fault, you know that. Now go, before mum realises, you're back from your little chat."

"I guess you'll leave now," Sirius was rubbing his hands over his robes, not looking at Harry.
This had been a decidedly short Christmas lunch. They had barely sat down with eggnog before Scrimgeour had appeared. For the first time, Sirius had had his back unreserved. Harry decided that he deserved a minor concession. Looking out of the window, the teenager suggested, "There is a muggle town nearby. Why don't we break into their supermarket so I can make us Christmas lunch?"
Hope lighting up his face, his godfather still hesitated, "You don't want to go back immediately?"
Laughing, Harry instructed, "Go and find our werewolf. We need a lookout!"
It actually became a fantastic day. Sirius was all but useless in the kitchen, though he had been a pro at breaking and entering. On the other hand, Remus showed a lot of promise, following Harry's instructions of preparing the side dishes, while the teenager was browning turkey breasts in a huge pan. The lunch contained two cans of cranberry sauce, a mountain of buttery mashed potatoes, butter-glazed carrots and enough meat to feed an army. And while it was not as good as Mrs. Weasley's, it was pretty decent in Harry's opinion.
After lunch, Harry served cookies and custard, and soon the entire kitchen table was littered with drips of sauce. The wine he had been allowed with the meal slowly rose to his head, making him giggle. Sirius and Remus shared stories about Lily and James first Christmas dinner at their flat. Lily had fought with the magical oven, who apparently had decided that she was undercooking the meat. James had forgotten to boil the vegetables, so they had had carrot sticks and raw celery to accompany their turkey. It was the best Christmas Day Harry could remember.
Of course, he invited them for New Year.

In the third session with Dumbledore, Harry understood for the first time why people had been so afraid of Lord Voldemort during the first war. A man who walked into a home and calmly murdered the entire family was terrifying. How many Horcruxes had Tom made by then? How much had he actually felt? Had it been all pain at that point, or had there been a shred of sanity left?
The memory of Slughorn pointedly not telling Tom about Horcruxes finally revealed why Dumbledore had gone through all the trouble of securing the man as their Potions teacher. It was of little surprise to Harry that he was sent to retrieve the 'real' memory. Rolling his eyes, as soon as he had closed the door behind himself, Harry strolled to the Potion's Lab to do as he had been told. Predictably the man would not reveal anything. Well, he had promised, and he had tried – nothing to be done about it.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    During the first half of the year, Blaise had been exceedingly helpful. He had spied in Slytherin to keep Harry up to date on the gossip in the snake pit. Things changed after New Year. Blaise sauntered into the Great Hall the first day after the holidays, kissed Harry's cheek, and then lounged on the bench beside him, ignoring anyone else. When Luna entered, he approached and kissed her before strolling over to the Slytherin table to flirt with a third year, completely ignoring both her and Harry.
After the first few lessons of the new semester, it became clear that Blaise's demeanour had returned to his 'pre agreement' state. Personally, Harry couldn't care less, but Ron cautioned, "Him acting like that makes you look weak. Like you can't keep a leash on your boyfriend. Also, look at Luna."
Studying the Ravenclaw during lunch and later in the library, the trio noticed that she seemed somewhat isolated and withdrawn. Her 'relationship' with Blaise and Harry had given her a social boost. Now the other students apparently felt like she had lost that protection, making her a convenient target once again. Well, Blaise was one problem, Luna another. Harry believed in his ability to multitask, especially with Ron and Hermione by his side. So, when someone hexed Luna during dinner, the sixth-year pulled up a shield that reflected the curse back to its caster. He smiled coldly at the Ravenclaw, not saying a word. When Luna had chosen a seat, he gestured for Ron and Hermione to keep theirs while switching tables. "Do you want to tell me why our boyfriend is behaving like an ass?"
Glancing towards the Slytherin table, where Blaise was currently putting an arm around a fifth-year's shoulders, whispering into her ear, she pressed her lips together before shaking her head.
"Luna, please," Harry gently brushed over her arm. "Give me something."
They had made it through the main course and were now choosing a pudding when she finally broke. "Maybe he had something that doesn't agree with him."
"Had? Hm … consumed would be the better word."
She nodded.
Sighing, the Dark Lord's equal decided, "I'll still need to reign him in. I tried to talk to him during Herbology, but he just brushed me off."
"He's undermining your authority," the Ravenclaw stated quietly. "And though your followers are only people who are loyal to you, the other students not respecting you could make recruiting harder."
"Basically," he nodded. "I'll think of something. Do you think you are good on your own, or should I accompany you back to Ravenclaw tower?"
"I am not a follower, so I am not your responsibility."
"No, Luna," Harry smiled gently. "But you are a friend. That means I care about you."
When they walked through the castle later, she slipped under his arm, and Harry pulled her close. It was strange to hug a girl. Different from putting his arms around Hermione, but still, nice. Shortly before they reached the staircase at the base of Ravenclaw tower, Harry lingered. "Luna, I … I have a question, and you are in no way obligated to say 'yes'. In fact, I would understand if you said 'no' and that would be okay. It wouldn't change anything between us …."
"Yes."
"What?"
"Yes, it's okay if you want to kiss me."
Staring at her wide-eyed, the Gryffindor tried to gather his courage. "It's not … we're not … I'm just …."
"Wondering how it would be to kiss a girl. And Hermione obviously would be the wrong choice since she is in love with Ron."
"You don't mind?" He was discreetly rubbing his sweaty palms on his robes. Why was this so hard? He had kissed Severus already. Several times, in fact. But this was oh, so different.
Smiling, Luna wove their fingers together and stepped closer. "I'm a Ravenclaw. We are all for the pursuit of knowledge."
"Really?"
"If this approach helps you, yes. And it's not as if half the school does not expect us to kiss already. Kissing and more, I would like to remind you, since we are all part of your harem."
Groaning, Harry shook his head and tried to banish that particular headline from his mind. "Harry," Luna whispered, rising to her toes. "It's okay. I would like to know how it feels to kiss you as well."
Taking a deep breath, the teenager wove his hands into her beautiful hair and cautiously tilted her head so his lips could find hers more easily. For a few minutes, neither of them said anything. Then he pulled back.
"That was nice," Luna beamed, stepping back. "Thank you." Then she skipped up the steps and was gone for the night.
Harry, dizzily, made his way back through the castle.

"I kissed Luna tonight."
Severus stepped back from his door and invited Harry into his chambers. He was not jealous, he told himself. It was entirely expected that a teenager would explore his sexuality at the age of sixteen. Even if his master wanted to pursue a relationship with the Ravenclaw, they were still connected. Luna was not. She had told Harry that she would not accept his mark, and Luna Lovegood was not a person who changed her mind. Hence, there was no reason whatsoever for Severus to be jealous!
"How was it?" He forced himself to say, inviting the Gryffindor to take a seat, serving tea. He longed for something stronger but could not indulge when a student was around. Worse, he could not afford to lose even a shred of composure until after Harry had left.
"Wet?" Harry pondered, still dazed by the experience. "Soft … warm … Luna smells good. Not like you, she's not so distinct and settled just … I don't know, like flowers in a spring breeze."
Surprised, Severus stated, "You don't seem to have enjoyed the experience very much."
"I … don't know? Should I have? I assumed that kissing was great because kissing you is great. But with Luna … I mean, it was fine, but …."
"Not something you wish to repeat?" Why was he hopeful? Because Harry had given him the indication that he wished for them to be exclusive when he had punished Blaise for the kiss he had stolen?
Slowly shaking his head, Harry looked him in the eye for the first time this evening. Had he been confused before, his sight was clear again, and his posture determined. "No, I don't. I mean, I care about Luna, and she told me that she wanted to have sex with Blaise because he could settle her. The relationship between them just seemed like a natural progression of that. And Blaise liked it before. I don't know what happened during the Christmas Holidays, but I will put a stop to it tomorrow."
Aware that he could say little in favour of his snake, Severus merely nodded. "Please, don't hurt him. You would put me in a difficult position."
Looking at him again, Harry's eyes were now gleaming cold and hard like emeralds. All traces of the dazed teenager had vanished. The Dark Lord's equal was back. "Don't worry, hurt will be the last thing he feels."

The next day, the Gryffindors and Slytherins had Defence against the Dark Arts before lunch. Harry patiently waited until the theoretical part of the lesson was finished. They paired up. Blaise and Draco stood in the middle between the Gryffindor and Slytherin students. Harry started his casting. Ron and Hermione were practising charms next to him to mask the hisses. After the first volley of spells had been exchanged between the Slytherins, Blaise faltered. He groaned but kept the noise contained. A minor jinx hit his arm, but instead of retaliating, he pulled back towards the wall to hide behind the other students. He moaned, only now realising what was happening. His pleading eyes flew towards Harry. Shaking his head, he breathed, "No, … no, please."
But Harry merely met his eyes, whispering relentlessly. The incubus tried to flee, but the magic of Harry's spell was stronger. Blaise moaned as he fell to his knees on his way to the door, catching the eyes of every student in the room. It was clear that he tried to restrain himself, but the magic Harry was pumping into him was too strong. Widdling on the floor, he pressed his hands against his groin at the last second and arched off the floor as he came.
Once was not enough.
Tears were streaming down his cheeks, and Blaise's chokes and groans alternated as he was forced to come again before Snape could erect a murky ward that hid him from the rest of the students.
Two were not enough.
"Mr. Potter," Severus ordered, approaching the Slytherin on the floor. Blaise was working his own body almost desperately when Harry stepped through the shield. No sound passed its walls. Blaise was openly sobbing now. Harry just crouched down, brushing a lock of black hair out of Blaise's sweaty forehead.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please, stop!"
"I think," Harry decided, "I'll have one more. If you can give me one more of your own, you're forgiven."
"Don't … please, don't make me." The incubus whispered, but when his master just sighed and turned away, he clutched his wrist almost desperately and started to knead his groin. It had to hurt. After two orgasms, he was already sensitive. But his body got on with the program.
'Not much longer, mate, Dumbledore just came in.' Ron warned. 'One of the others must have summoned him.'
Smiling cruelly, Harry replied as he watched his incubus' desperation, 'Blaise's nearly finished.'
'The headmaster is arguing with Severus,' Hermione shared, 'the shield will go down any second.'
Pulling back Blaise's head harshly, Harry commanded, "Come!" And Blaise arched off the floor one last time, crying out the moment the shield vanished. "Are you finished?" The Gryffindor now asked uncharacteristically gentle, caressing his boyfriend's head.
The snake was helpless but to nod. "Can someone cast a featherlight charm, please?" Harry looked up, and after Daphne had raised her wand, he rose with Blaise in his arms. That the Slytherin curled into his chest, trembling all over, clutching his robes almost desperately, played into their hands. "With your permission, headmaster, I would like to bring Blaise to the infirmary. He's been off since Christmas, and I'm worried."
"Of course, Mr. Potter. Professor Snape will accompany you as Mr. Zabini's Head of House. I will take care of the rest of this lesson!" Dumbledore agreed.
"Could you bring his things, please," Harry nodded towards Ron and Hermione. "And tell Luna. She'll be anxious if she learns about this from someone else."
The Head of Slytherin House pointedly did not say anything when he followed Harry through the school. "You shouldn't judge. I said that hurt would be the last thing he feels."
"I have not said anything." Severus defended himself.
"Yes," Harry chuckled, "You were not saying anything very loudly."
After a few minutes, Luna caught up to them. The Potion Master stated quietly, "No harm might have come to him, but he was hurt. Everybody could see that." When the teenager merely tilted his head in admittance, he accused, "You were cruel."
Turning towards the older wizard, Harry raised his eyebrows, "Are you criticising me?"
Severus did not flinch. He had better composure than to betray himself that easily. Weakly, he defended his accusation, "I merely wish to understand. I …" glancing towards Luna, he only continued when his master gave him the go-ahead, "In the past, you never hurt someone without reason. I cannot advise you if I don't have all the facts."
Harry sighed and hesitated until Luna put a hand on his arm. Smiling briefly, he explained, "Blaise is an incubus. That means more than needing sex to survive. His magic comes from a demonic source, and if this part of him is not convinced that I am worthy of being his master, he will not submit to me. From the power he could draw off our connection, he could cause havoc I would ultimately be responsible for. Yes, you are right, I was cruel, and I revelled in it. He did not show me the deference I am owed, and that made me angry. But he will sleep it off, and tomorrow will not be worse for wear. I would never do him any lasting damage. Let that be enough, Severus."

When Blaise woke a few hours later, he noticed Harry sitting curled up in a comfortable armchair that looked quite out of place in the infirmary. He wasn't sure if it was a wise choice to say anything, but when he remembered what had happened during Defence, tears of humiliation rolled down his cheeks, and he felt like he couldn't breathe.
A soft hand reached for his. Luna's soft voice calmed him, "Blaise, it's alright. It's over."
Squeezing his eyes shut, the Slytherin shook his head. "They all saw. I can't show my face in the dungeons ever again."
"Really," Harry asked coldly, "That's what you're worried about, sixth year Slytherins?" When he received no answer, the teenager demanded, "Do you want us to continue our little lesson?"
"No," Blaise whispered hoarsely. "Please, I … no."
"Then answer me!" The young man's voice was like a whip.
"Yes." The Slytherin admitted. "Yes, I am worried about the other students. After what happened, I'll be the laughingstock of the dungeons."
"You were not so concerned about reputation a few hours ago," Harry stated coldly. "You disregarded my instructions, and you were cruel to Luna. You brushed us off as if we were unimportant and flirted with every female available."
"I was … I …."
"Harry, stop it," the Ravenclaw chided softly.
After looking at her, the Gryffindor revealed, "Severus has told the snakes that Poppy diagnosed a curse that made you act like that. So, they know you didn't masturbate in the middle of a lesson of your own volition."
"And you supported that theory?" The Slytherin caressed Luna's hand.
"It was Harry's idea."
This time it was tears of gratitude and emotional exhaustion that welled up in Blaise's eyes. Reaching for Harry's hand, he kissed the knuckles before pressing them to his forehead. "Thank you, I … thank you, Harry."
With a sigh, the teenager slipped onto the crowded bed. Tenderly easing his snake, he recalled, "Disrespect is not something I tolerate. But worse than that, you hurt Luna. If you ever do that again, I will make you go down on your knees in the middle of the great hall. What happened today will feel like a sweet caress. Luna is not bound to you or me! Everything she does, every kindness she shows, comes from her own heart. And if you spurn her ever again, I will make you regret it. Are we clear?"
"Yes, yes, I understand." Turning around, Blaise now kissed Luna's hand and pulled it to his heart. "I am sorry, my Lady."
"Apology accepted," the Ravenclaw replied easily, slipping down the bed to curl up in Blaise's arms. "But stop feeding on vampires. They are not good for you."
"Vampires?" The two boys asked.
Angling for the book on the nightstand, Luna held it out. "If an incubus feeds off a vampire, his desires will be sated for a long time, but his empathy will all but vanish. He will become egoistic and unfeeling until he feeds from another source, which is not likely since the vampire's lust is quite potent. I remembered reading about it a year or so ago but wanted to double-check before bringing it up. It won't be a problem now since Harry flooded your system with energy from the castle."
"Why would you feed on a vampire?" Harry wanted to know, but Blaise shook his head. "I don't know. Mum introduced me to this young Lord from Hungary, I think. He had attended a few of her social functions over the last year, and she thought I would like him. I did. He was educated and well-read in Italian literature. The sex was great as well, but then … I did not realise how much it was changing me."
"Your mum mustn't like your current diet."
"No … she," the Italian pondered. "She told me that it is unwise to align myself with you. That our family only survived the first war by being neutral."
"So, she set you up," Harry suggested. Looking down at 'his' Slytherin, he decided, "No more sleeping around without Luna or me approving your partner! We'll prepare a schedule for the summer holidays." Seriously, he looked at his follower, "You are mine now, Blaise, and everything you think and everything you do reflects back on me."
"I know."
"Then how do you think your behaviour these last two weeks makes me look?"
Paling, the boy whispered contritely, "I'm sorry."
"Yea, well, nothing to be done about it now. Hermione and Ron are already spreading the word about the curse, and I think Daphne is helping. You can hide out here until tomorrow. Breakfast you'll take in the great hall."
"Did Madame Pomphrey say that?"
"I'm saying that!"
"Yes, Harry."

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "So, this is how you punish your wayward followers? You humiliate them in the middle of class?"
"I don't know …" the automatic denial died on Harry's lips when he spotted Neville in an alcove halfway between the infirmary and Gryffindor tower.
The other student shook his head, "Don't, Harry, I know it was you who cursed Blaise today."
"How?"
Rolling his eyes, Neville revealed, "Contrary to the other teenagers in our class, I'm not fond of voyeurism. And I know how to stay mindful of my surroundings."
"Because otherwise, someone could catch you unaware." Harry nodded. A tactic he, too, had adopted in his youth to stay one step ahead of Dudley and his gang.
"Exactly. Now answer my question. Was that how you deal with rebellion? How you act when you are disappointed with your followers?"
Sighing because he knew that there would be no getting out of this conversation, Harry gestured around them, and both drew their wands to pull up some wards. Settling into the alcove, facing Neville, he shook his head, "No, that's how I deal with Blaise. I try to choose the most effective punishments for each person."
"And Professor Snape?"
"I made sure that neglecting him for a few days is enough."
"How did you  make sure of that." Realising that he was talking to someone not of his Inner Circle, Harry shook his head. "Neville, you're my friend, and I respect you. But please don't ask me question you don't actually want to hear the answers to."
Determined, hazel eyes met emerald ones. "That should be my decision, don't you think?"
Harry offered a soft smile at that.
"What?"
"It might have taken five years, but finally, everyone can see why the sorting hat put you into Gryffindor. You are like one of your tree's. You bend to the wind to not be broken, but once you've found your ground, you are like an oak: indomitable."
Tilting his head, accepting the compliment, despite the blush that bloomed on his cheeks, his fellow student still wanted to know, "How did you make sure that 'neglect' is a punishment for Severus Snape?"
Rubbing his nose, Harry looked out into the starless night. The ground was illuminated by the few pools of light that shone out of the window. Apart from that, Hogwarts was blanketed by impenetrable darkness. He pulled his knees to his chest and waited for Neville to get comfortable before starting his explanation. "Severus is a notoriously anti-social person. And since I did not want to become curse-happy like Tom, teenage-Tom suggested a more muggle approach. For six weeks, the summer before last, I spent most of my days with him. Usually, I was just doing my homework or some reading. Nothing grand."
"Just enough so he would get used to a person being there, someone to talk to. Someone who appreciated his company." Neville offered.
"Exactly. Fortunately, it worked both ways. In the past, Severus only protected me because he was my mum's best friend. When I told Tom about him being a spy, he had little chance to follow me instead of him since Tom would have never let him go. Also, he had given up so much, I found that I wanted him by my side. But … well, he's very headstrong. I had to assure his loyalty through non-magical means because Lord Voldemort had already proven that with him, magic was all but useless."
Frowning, Neville accused, "So you conditioned him … like a dog. Gave him 'treats' in the form of your company until he wanted it!"
"Basically," Harry admitted, "How do you know what 'conditioning' is?"
"I have an aunt who's interested in behavioural psychology." The pureblood brushed the comment away.
"Wicked," Harry grinned.
"Harry!" His friend snapped his fingers before his eyes, startling him. "Are you aware of how morally ambiguous that is?"
Shrugging, the Dark Lord's 'equal' agreed, "Sure, but I never claimed to be a particularly good person. It's Dumbledore and the Order and sometimes the Ministry who want to make me this 'beacon of the light'."
"So, in your mind, not being 'a beacon of the light' justifies hurting people for your own selfish reasons?"
"Neville, I am not hurting Severus. Even when we have a conflict, and I stay away. He might be uncomfortable and prefer my company over being alone now, but I am not harming him in any way. Certainly not like Tom is hurting his followers if they've disappointed him."
"You hurt Blaise today."
Closing his eyes, leaning his head against the wall, Harry had to give Neville that. "I did." He admitted. "I was not angry when I was casting, but I was angry before. I know now why Blaise acted the way he did. But that does not excuse his disregarding behaviour."
"Because you should be adored by your followers every minute of every day?"
"Because he hurt others!" The Gryffindor replied sharply. "Had it only been me, I would have found another solution, probably done the same as when he kissed me. But this time, he hurt not only a few other students with his flirting but Luna, who has been nothing but kind. That is unacceptable!"
"And Ron and Hermione? When they do something unacceptable, how will you punish them? Lock them on opposite sides of the castle? Maybe Ron into the library with only bread and water and Hermione outside with food dangling from the hoops of the Quidditch pitch?"
Not able to keep his chuckle in, Harry shook his head. "They're not really a concern. Since we discuss everything beforehand, they would never go against my wishes."
"Because you're in each other's heads."
Harry froze. "What did you say?"
Now it was Neville's turn to fold his arms and glare. "I said it once, and I'm saying it again: I. Am. Not. Stupid!"
Reaching out in panic, his friend clutched his arm painfully, "Neville, why would you say that? What makes you think that Hermione, Ron and I are … that we are …" That couldn't happen. Their connection was their most protected secret! Their greatest advantage. If Dumbledore learned about it … the headmaster would find a way to use it against them.
Unmoved, his fellow Gryffindor stated calmly, "Harry, you are hurting me."
Rearing back, slipping out of the alcove, the other shook his head. "I'm sorry, Neville, I didn't mean to do that."
After a heartbeat, the pureblood nodded, "I believe you." Then he gestured Harry back. Only when he was settled did Neville reveal, "You and Ron are answering questions meant for Hermione."
"What?"
Chuckling, the Gryffindor shook his head. "Hermione likes to do some 'light reading' during lunch. And on occasion, when a question is aimed at her, one of you answers."
Brushing it off, the muggle-raised denied, "You know how Hermione is when you interrupt her reading. If we know the answer and she can read on in peace, it's a win-win situation."
"You know an answer about an Arithmancy equation she had just learned about in her morning class?"
"Bloody hell," Harry closed his eyes as if he could block out reality. "We worked so hard to suppress the leaking. But when Hermione's really engaged, her shields tend to erode. Usually, Ron and I are good enough to block her, but sometimes her knowledge just slips in." Groaning, Harry messed up his hair, pulling out his ponytail to properly scratch the back of his head. He seemed entirely at a loss of what to do. "Tom's going to kill us." At the alarmed look of his opposite, he shook his head, "Figurative speaking. He wouldn't hurt either of us, even if we annoy him."
"It only happened twice this year," Neville eased. "So, I don't think anyone else noticed."
"Thank Merlin." After a few minutes of contemplative silence, Harry wanted to know, "Why are you asking these questions, Neville?"
"Because I like to have all the facts before I make a decision about my future and the future of my family." The lion slipped out of the alcove and took down his wards. They were not as strong as Harry's, but he was getting there.
"Decision about what?"
But Neville was already strolling down the corridor. Apparently, their conversation was over.

"I'm doing this against my better judgement."
Harry smiled, "I know, Sirius. But thank you, nevertheless. I appreciate it."
"You better do nothing … ahm … untowardly." His godfather mumbled.
"Afraid for my virtue?" The teenager laughed.
Sighing, the man shook his head. "No, to be honest, I'm concerned about his. He's still your teacher. If anyone saw you together, especially out of grounds, he would get into a shit-ton of trouble."
"Sirius, we won't even be in England."
"Fine, here's your portkey."

"I am still not entirely sure what is expected of me, Milord." Severus had been unsettled by the message he had received after lunch. He was no longer in Voldemort's services. Still, he could not afford to deny this portkey, even if his old master handed it over.
Rolling his eyes, the Dark Lord cursed himself. Why had he let Harry talk him into his schemes? "You are to take this portkey and use it. How is that so hard to understand?"
"But where does the portkey lead? And what am I supposed to do there?"
"That’s none of my concern. Now go before I lose my temper!"
Well, he had been a spy for more than a decade. He would figure it out.

"Hello, Severus. I think it would be better if you took off your outer robes."
"Harry?" The Potion Master looked his pupil up and down and had to swallow around a dry throat. The dark turtleneck accentuated the young man's slim figure, and the soft wool coat made him look distinguished and elegant. When he noticed the teenager holding out his hand, he rid himself of his robes and coat. He shivered a little against the February wind when it bit through his dress shirt.
Harry, however, offered a thick embroidered west and a long wool coat. In the pockets, he found buttery soft leather gloves that had a warming charm on them. "Why are you giving me these clothes?"
"Because you would attract attention otherwise. We are in the muggle world, after all."
"Where exactly are we?"
"Berlin."
Gapping, the Potion Master looked at the young man, "Germany? Why are we in Germany?"
Strolling down the street, Harry gestured towards a building ahead. "Because I thought the exhibition the German Potion's Guild holds this weekend could be of interest to you."
Of course, it was of interest to him. The Potions Guild of Berlin had an excellent reputation. Since the country spanning from the Baltic Sea to the middle of Europe, different climates and thus plants could be grown locally, and his colleagues had made good use of them over the years. Severus had always wanted to visit these exhibitions. Yet since they were in the middle of the school year, he had never found time.
"I've booked tickets for Potion Master Severus Snape – Britain – and student," Harry explained to the wizard at the reception and was offered two tickets immediately. Bored, the young man rattled off, "It's prohibited to touch the ingredients and potions on display. Please talk to the available potioneers if you have a question and don't wander into the back rooms. Any and all damage will be charged to your account. There is a shop on the northern side of the building, should you be interested in buying something. Have a nice day."
Harry pressed his lips together, not to laugh. That announcement could have come off a reading charm. It had held so little infliction. When they passed the guy, Harry spotted a muggle videogame in his lap. Apparently, the boy did not even have the slightest interest in potions.
Five hours later, Harry had a sizable list of books and ingredients that had piqued Severus' interests. It was astounding to watch his Potion Master in his natural habitat. Conversations with the other Potioneers were animated. The joy of talking about his trade with someone of equal skill was written all over Severus' face. While Harry cared little about the subject in general, it was a rare treat to see his partner so happy. When their position in the Wizarding World was safer, maybe after he had finished school, he would find a way to give Severus this. A place where he could shine!
It was already past seven, and the exhibition was winding down. Harry had had a table booked in a nice restaurant in Berlin Mitte. The >Grill Royal< had been advertised as an elegant establishment overlooking the river Spree. Severus had found a colleague that had caught his interest. They were animatedly discussing adjustments to the Wolfsbane Potion. So Harry invited her along, together with her assistant. Fortunately, the German waiter was able to change their table without hassle. It was already midnight when the two pairs left the restaurant at the waiting staff's insistence. After exchanging addresses, Harry activated their portkey back to Hogwarts. Severus was more than a little tipsy, and since it was past eleven in Scotland, Harry had a hard time navigating the halls without drawing attention to them. At the door to his chambers, the Potion Master smiled open and joyous. "Thank you, Harry. I had a great time today."
"Good to hear," the teenager smiled and gently kissed him before retreating to Gryffindor tower. Hermione and Ron could only cover for him so far.

When he applied his shaving potion the following day, Severus' mind was still on the events and conversations of the day before. He really should get in contact with Potion Master Alexandra Müller. She was intelligent and funny, and her indebt knowledge about reciprocal effects of crystals and cauldron materials was exceptional. Though her assistant had barely offered an opinion, he seemed tolerable enough should they come across each other again. Would Harry mind if he conversed with the witch in his free time? His current master had never guided his activities as zealously as the Dark Lord had. Washing off the potion, he decided to simply ask. Harry wouldn't begrudge him the interest. Otherwise, he would not have invited him to the exhibition in the first place. With a rare smile, Severus dressed and carefully spread out the notes he had made yesterday.
Maybe he could spend the day testing a few theories he had learned about. A day in the lab sounded like bliss. Well, he would at least have to attend breakfast in the great hall. Afterwards, he was free. Fortunately, Minerva had agreed to take over his Hogsmeade duties this weekend. The day after Valentine, couples usually blocked all streets or filled Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop to the brim. Because a casual stroll and tea were the most creative ideas, Hogwarts students could come up with to celebrate the most 'romantic' day of the year. Even on the following day, since they had not been allowed to leave the castle on a weekday.
Severus froze.
…
An excursion and dinner.
The most common way to spend Valentine's day.
…
The fourteenth of February.
…
Yesterday.

After an indeterminate amount of time, a warm hand pressed down on his shoulder. "Severus, what's wrong? Talk to me, please."
Looking into concerned emerald eyes, Severus reared back, hitting the wall almost painfully. Harry followed him, gently rubbing his arm. "Hey, it's okay. We're at Hogwarts. You're safe." After a few moments, the young man probed, "Can you tell me where you went just now? You were … unsettled. Not the nicest feeling to wake up to on a Saturday morning."
"We were on a date," Severus whispered, barely daring to meet the teenager's eyes. He expected anger or scorn, but instead, Harry was beaming at him.
"Yes, we were. Did you have fun? Personally, I thought it would be a disaster, so many different potions in the same room. I mean, how often do our cauldrons explode, and we are all working all on the brew. But it was brilliant! Maybe because of the wards that lined every brewing station. And dinner, afterwards? The Grill Royal was perfect. I'm glad I took the advice from the booking agency that supplied the portkey. The Speer was all glittery and nice in the moonlight, don't you think?"
"The river's called Spree," Severus corrected automatically, making Harry smile. "There you are. I was afraid I'd lost you again."
He wanted to defend himself automatically. Being caught zoning out was akin to a death sentence in his former occupation. But now, he was at a loss for words. Finally, he settled, "I am so sorry, Harry."
Confused, the teenager wanted to know, "About what?"
"That I … you made such an effort, and I ruined our date."
Glancing left and right for a heartbeat, the professor noticed wards flaring up on both sides of the corridor. "Miss Granger and Mr. Weasley?"
"Of course."
"We are blocking the path from the dungeons to the great hall."
"Your snakes will find a way around," Harry pulled Severus into an alcove by a window. "Now tell me, why would you think that you've ruined our date? I thought you had fun."
Rubbing his temples, the Potion Master admitted, "Of course, I had fun. You brought me to a potion's exhibition. How could I not have enjoyed that? But you went through all the trouble, and then I had the audacity to invite a fellow Potion Master to join us for the romantic dinner you have planned and spend all evening talking to her rather than you."
"Oh, Severus," The young man smiled at him, gently reaching out to caress his cheek. Severus was helpless but to capture the palm and press a kiss against it. "Yes, you brought a fellow Potion Master, but remember: I invited her! Her presence made the setting no less nice and the ambience no less enjoyable. I went through a lot of trouble to make yesterday happen. I even had to enlist Sirius' help to pull me out of Hogwarts. But I did it all for you. I wanted you to have a good time. To forget about students and Dark Lords and Dumbledore for a few hours and just talk about the things you enjoy. And it was amazing to watch you. You had so much fun, so many new ideas, and you finally had people to discuss them with. I have never seen you so beautiful, Severus, and I enjoyed every moment of it. So please, don't apologise, because yesterday was exactly what I wanted for you, and I don't regret it for a second."
"Harry," the older wizard could only whisper, pulling the other against him. "Thank you," he swallowed thickly.
Hugging the other, the teenager grinned mischievously, "Are neither your nor my virtue were compromised."
"Where you concerned?" the professor asked with a frown.
Laughing, Harry shook his head, "Me, no; Sirius, on the other hand …."
"Black was concerned that I would be a danger to your virtue."
"No," the teenager winked, "More the other way around." Then he slipped out of the alcove and bounded around the next corner to finally get some breakfast.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Since the first of March was a Saturday and a Hogsmeade weekend, Ron had petitioned his Head of House to be allowed to return home for lunch with his family. Knowing that Molly Weasley would most likely prepare enough to feed a small army, he dragged Hermione and Harry - another special permit granted by Professor McGonagall - along. While Harry was not overly fond of Mrs. Weasley and her unwavering loyalty to Dumbledore, he still acted outgoing and friendly during the meal. Nothing should disrupt Ron's special day. His brother Charlie had sent a dragon's claw, covered in tiny runes. It was a protective charm from Romania, and Ron instantly pulled the leather string over his head, displaying it proudly on top of the anthracite turtleneck he wore. Of course, the Weasley parents had protested Ron accepting Harry's offer for a new wardrobe. Still, since the teenager had made it clear that he could not - in good conscience - further accept Ron's guidance in the ways of the wizarding world, without giving something in return, they had stopped. After all, it was tradition.The twins offered Ron a bracelet that protected him from mind-altering charms. They had made a point of not giving it to him in front of Harry and had insisted that he put it on immediately. With bated breaths, they had watched the magic take and flare before settling again. "How … what do you think about Harry?" Fred had probed once the band had settled.Realising what his brothers had attempted to do, Ron chuckled inwardly but only leaned back to glimpse into the kitchen, "I think if mum feeds him another piece of treacle tart, he will puke later. Excuse me, gentlemen, I have to rescue my baby Dark Lord."'That was mean,' Hermione admonished, amused.'It's their own fault. They could offer a minimum of trust, you know.' Ron defended himself.Politely refusing the last piece of Tarte, Harry leaned against the doorframe and studied the twins, who looked slightly uncomfortable under his scrutinising gaze. Then he smiled softly, apparently unsettling them even more. 'They are worried. They love you, Ron and don't want anything happening to you. You are lucky to have brothers like that, you know.'Clutching Harry's neck, Ron pulled their foreheads together. "You're my brother too. By choice, not by blood, but that doesn't make it any less true.""Thanks," Harry mumbled hoarsely before he allowed his friend to envelope him into a fierce hug. After a moment, Hermione joined them, and the boys pulled her in the middle.Bill nudged them on his way to the kitchen. "No orgies in the living room. Get a room, you three.""Since when?" The trio answered in one voice, making the other laugh."Coffee?" The eldest distracted as to not pursue the topic further. Bill could see that Fred and George were still struggling. He was not convinced that having his youngest brother aligned with the Dark Lord would bode well for his future. But he had learned the summer before last that Harry loved Ron fiercely. So, he trusted the boy not to let any harm befall his baby brother. Said baby brother now bounded over and looked excitedly at Hermione, "Can we make Cappuccino here?""Yes, Ron," the muggleborn confirmed, "We can make coffee with foamed milk almost everywhere.""Get me a pot, and where's the milk?" Harry asked, rummaging through their cooling cupboard."Whisk?" Hermione called out."Here," Ron handed one over."Cinnamon or cocoa?""Both?" the birthday boy asked."Both, it is," his best friend laughed, measuring out the milk, setting it to heat on the stove, while Hermione dipped in the spices. After a whirlwind of activity, where Bill had taken care of the actual coffee, ten cups lined the table, each with foamed milk and chocolate shavings on top."Ron!" Hermione's sharp voice had him turn around. "If you try to spell shapes into the foam again and upend all the cups, I will never make Cappuccino for you ever again.""Yes, Hermione," the redhead mumbled, dejectedly stashing his wand while Harry served the drinks.The whole Weasley clan decided that they liked it a lot.Around five, the trio bid their farewells, "We need to be back in time for dinner, mum.""Thank you for the invitation, Mrs. Weasley. It was delicious," Hermione smiled, allowing Molly to hug her."Any time, dears. Don't be strangers. We saw so little of you this summer.""Fred, George, Bill, could you get us back?" Harry inquired, guiding the three Weasley boys out to the fields.Offering his arm to Hermione, George wanted to know, "Hogsmeade or the edge of the wards outside of Hogwarts."Holding his hand out to Bill, Harry replied, "Peverell Hall if you please. I believe you are familiar with our back garden."Paling, the twins exchanged a quick glance but still nodded.When they were gone, the oldest Weasley brother stepped closer. "Are you sure that you want me to accompany you?""Are you sure that you want to come, knowing who's awaiting you?" Harry replied, still offering his hand.After a heartbeat, Bill took it. "Yes, I am."Magic spun them away in a heartbeat.
The sunset was already colouring the horizon with brilliant hues. The guests were in awe at the hundreds of floating lampions that littered the edge of the patio. Up there, the inhabitants of the house and Severus Snape and Neville Longbottom were waiting. The two were currently deep in discussion about something gesturing towards a plant Rhodes was particularly proud of. Not exactly a pair they had expected to see so comfortable around each other."Neville," Ron greeted, "What are you doing here?""Well," his friend offered a hug. "I had remedial potions with Professor Snape this afternoon, and since I've been here before, he asked me if I wanted to accompany him to your birthday party.""Don't let it get to your head, Mr. Weasley. I merely thought you would enjoy a party that included more teenagers than adults. I was not made aware that half of your family would come along." Glaring impressively at the other three Weasleys, only Bill dared to laugh and offer his hand."Good to see you, professor." Then he turned around and offered his hand once more, "William Weasley, and you are … Bartemius Crouch Jr. if I remember correctly."The other man licked his lips and chuckled nervously before squeezing the other's hand. "Quite some balls you have to come to this house, Weasley.""Well," turning towards the final occupant, Bill offered a bow, worthy of a pureblood's upbringing, "I guess it was time for me to see for myself.""See what," the Dark Lord inquired acerbically."See that your 'equal' is really treated with the care and affection he deserves after all these years in the hellhole Dumbledore placed him in."Studying the leather jacket and the long hair and the fang dangling from his earring, the Dark Lord stated, "You are the curse-breaker." When the young man merely nodded, he continued, "My 'equal' - as you chose to call him - told me about a particularly inventive curse you placed on the Dursley's house. One bound by his blood if I am not mistaken." When Bill chose not to comment, he inquired, "What do you have to say to that?""Nothing, you have not asked me a question," the man replied unperturbed.So, Lord Voldemort rose and stepped close. Once more, he looked the younger wizard up and down until calm blue eyes met red ones. Fred and George seemed to edge closer to their older brother and reached for their wands. The Gryffindor trio merely waited, and Severus had pulled Neville behind himself as the interaction progressed. Finally, the Dark Lord nodded and glanced towards Harry. "I approve. You can keep him." Before returning to his seat.Incredulous, Bill approached the trio and wanted to know, "Did I just gain the You-Know-Who's approval by cursing your family."Chuckling, Harry replied, "Keep in mind what you know about him. Are you really surprised?"Tilting his head to the side, Bill shrugged in the end. "Point taken."Then there was music and juice and wine for the adults. Eventually, the teenagers managed to sneak some away. They lay stretched out on a blanket that was covered in warming charms, watching the stars light up the sky. The elves had lit the lanterns, yet they offered but the softest glow, making everything look unreal and fairy-tale like.Bill was the only one to stay away, not wanting to intrude on the fun of his younger siblings. Inevitably, he drew the 'wrong' company. The man nearly flinched when a massive snake reared up beside him and hissed. Still, he did not step back, merely let his wand fall into his hand, not taking his eyes off her."She wants to know why you smell like a dragon." A calm voice explained at his back."So, she can decide if I'm worth the hassle of shedding when she eats me?"A serpentine hiss came from the garden, and the snake lowered herself to the floor, meandering towards the teenagers, where she curled up between Harry and Hermione. Finally, Bill dared to turn around and was, once again, confronted with the Dark Lord. A man who had torn their world apart when his parents had been his age."You intrigue me," the wizard admitted. "I have not expected to see another Weasley in our home. Not after your brothers had reacted so defensively when they were here."Glancing over his shoulder, Bill shrugged, "Well, I had time to face the reality of Harry's new 'ally'. I wasn't pushed into the cold water, so to speak, like Fred and George. They may be pranksters, but they care about family. And without your background, they had every right to doubt Ron's safety.""And you?"Leaning against the railing, the curse-breaker sighed, thinking about how much to reveal."Let us go inside, where there are not so many nosy ears," the Dark Lord invited and promptly offered a glass of whiskey once they had settled in front of a fireplace.After a sip, the younger wizard nodded. "Last summer, not long after Harry had been abducted, Ron came to the bank and paid for an hour of my time. You understand that for us Weasleys family is more important than anything. So, any question my little brother had could have easily been answered at home, for free. But he did not come to buy an answer.""He came to buy confidentiality.""Yes, and only after he had made sure - two times I would like to add - that I was bound by client confidentiality did he ask me about soul containers.""And you answered?" The Dark Lord replied, somewhat surprised. The knowledge of Horcruxes was well guarded. The decision to reveal it to a fifteen-year-old could not have been easy."Well, it was either answer his questions at the bank or learn that he had gone to Merlin knows where to find answers another way. Ron is nothing if not persistent. Even more so when it comes to Hermione and Harry. So yes. I did some research and told him everything I had discovered." Taking another sip as if to steel himself before continuing, the younger hesitated for a while. "A few weeks later, Harry came and formally drafted his will."Was it just his imagination, or had Lord Voldemort paled a little when faced with the reality of what had happened nearly two years ago? Bill decided that it was not his place to ask, so he chose to ignore it, "He made sure that Ron could become proxy for the Black seats until a suitable heir could be chosen. Hermione would get the Potter seats. Both received a sizable vault, and there was even money set aside for the twins. There are only two reasons for a man to draw up his will. Either he is very old, or he expects not to survive. Harry was preparing himself, and since there had only ever been one thing … or better one person, that had brought him repeatedly to death's door in his short life, I knew that he could only be concerned about you. The fact that he had disappeared after the Tournament was another indicator that you were responsible.""Still, you let him go."Swallowing heavily, Bill admitted, "It was not my decision to make.""Did you approve?"Pressing his lips together, the younger wizard whispered, "That's an unreasonable question to ask."After a few moments, the Dark Lord tilted his head, "It is, I apologise."Bill's eyes flew up.That made Tom chuckle darkly, "Let's just say that what Harry prepared for had unexpected consequences for both of us. I cannot regret it. The world, but especially Harry and I are better off for it.""Good," Bill nodded before they both finished their drink in silence.
"Wow, Harry, that's amazing," Ron breathed, carefully picking the pocket watch out of the taupe satin covering it sat in.
  
"Tom will put the spell on it later," Harry grinned. "But I think I should give it to you now before we return to Hogwarts. There, everyone else would hog it anyway. Here you can take your time."The watch was simple in design but breathtakingly beautiful. The numbers were artistically inlaid into a mother-of-pearl watch face. Two tiny watch hands at the bottom sat unmoving while the main hands adjusted once Ron wound it up.>Sed non victor rex<
Love
Hermione & Harry"Not a king, …" Fred translated."… but a conqueror." Greg finished."What a weird inscription." They decided.The trio shrugged. "It's not as easy for everyday use as the wristwatch your parents gave you, but we wanted to give you something new because ….""Thank you," Ron whispered wetly, hugging first Harry and then Hermione. She stayed in his arms significantly longer while he buried his face in her neck."Do you think he's aware that this watch is worth at least 200 galleons?" Neville mentioned, smiling at the trio.Fred and George spit out their drinks. "Two hundred?""Galleons?""For a watch?"Neville shrugged, "It's Patek Phillipe, and from the looks of it, white gold. The enchantments might have cost a little extra, but since I assume Harry ordered them, he might have received a special discount." He winked, then sauntered off to clean off his shirt and get more drinks.
"Best Birthday ever!" Ron grinned, falling back onto his bed."I'm glad you had fun," Harry yawned, shuffling through his trunk to get new pyjamas before heading off to shower.When he returned, Hermione was at the door. Since the majority of the other boys were already asleep and Neville was currently slipping into the bathroom behind him, Harry opened the door for her. "Ron forgot some of his presents in my bag. I just wanted to … is he alright?"Ron sat at his bed, a half-full box of cauldron cakes in his hands. He smiled softly. His whole face seemed illuminated as if hit by a ray of sunshine.Crouching down before him, Harry waved his hand before his best friend's eyes. "Ron, are you okay?""Yes …," Ron replied dreamily. "I think … I think I'm in love."Trading a glance with a blushing Hermione, the teenager replied, "Believe it or not, Ron. We're aware."Eager, Ron reached out towards him. "So, you'll help me. Help me talk to her." Shaking his head, despondently all of a sudden, he whispered, "I don't think she even knows that I exist." Reaching for Harry, circling his wrist with frightening strength, he demanded, "But you'll help me, you promised. Right? You're the 'boy who lived'. You can do everything. Surely you can make her fall in love with me as well."Confused, Hermione sat down beside her best friend, "Ron, who are you talking about?"But the other merely looked at her and brightened once more, "Hey, Hermione, you're a girl, right? You know what girl's want. You can help me win her heart! You will, right? Promise, please!"Paling, the young witch shivered and pulled back, "Who are you talking about?""Romilda Vane," Ron and Neville stated in one voice."What?"Holding up the half-full box of sweets, Neville – apparently back from the bathroom already – stated, "Those are the chocolates Romilda gave you for Christmas last year, Harry. Don't you remember?""Bloody hell," The emerald-eyed boy whispered. Looking helplessly at Hermione, who seemed to slowly get over her heartache, he shook his head. "What should we do?"The young witch, however, proved herself level-headed, even in this crisis. "Snape!" She decided, then she forced a smile. "Ron, why don't you come with me. You can't meet a girl like that, all nerves and excitement. Ladies like their gentleman to play it cool."Nodding empathically, Ron allowed Hermione to pull him along. Catching up with her plan, Harry fumbled with the box; Neville pushed into his hand before running after them. "We'll talk to Severus. I'm sure he will have something to calm you down.""Oh, that's … that's a good idea." The redhead followed them, docile, lost in thought. "Have you seen her hair? It's all black and shiny, and it has to be so silky soft. At least it looks like that. Not that your curly hair isn't nice as well, Hermione, but Romilda's … she's so beautiful. And her big, dark eyes … like pools into the cosmos. You could sink into those eyes and never surface again."Harry had a hard time pressing his lips together as to not laugh out loud. Nobody would appreciate that in their current situation. Hermione did not have such a good time, so he reached for her hand, brushing over it with her fingers. 'You know it's just the potion talking.''Of course.' She snapped back, but Harry could feel her underlying hurt. When he turned his mind towards Ron, he felt like sinking into spun sugar, cloyingly sweet and sticky. Immediately he pulled back. 'I tried that too,' she thought with a sigh. 'Right at the beginning, but the potion seems to shut off a part of his mind.''Obviously, his rational thoughts.' When they reached Severus' dungeon quarters, Harry knocked on the door. Had he been alone, he would have walked right in, but with Ron and Hermione in tow, it was different."What do you want this late?" The Head of House opened the door snappish but immediately pulled back when he noticed the Gryffindor trio.Clearing her throat, Hermione explained with exaggerated patience, "Ron needs a nerve tonic."The teenager immediately picked up the tale, "Hermione says that Ladies like their gentleman calm, and I need to impress Romilda tomorrow. She's a goddess, and I love her and need to make a good first impression!"The Potion Master looked from Ron to Hermione, to Harry and then to the box of chocolates with the red ribbon half-wrapped around them. "Love Potion?""Yep.""It'll be but a moment." Vanishing into his lab, he called out, "Age can enhance the potency of the potion. Do you know when it was brewed?""She gave it to you for Christmas, didn't she?" Hermione pondered, and Harry nodded. "Sometime in December, we think," he called back.Two minutes later, Severus came out with a wineglass filled with a clear liquid. "Mr. Weasley, this should do the trick.""You're really great, Professor Snape." Ron smiled dopey and downed the entire glass. Slowly the grin vanished and was replaced with an expression of horror and regret. He barely dared to turn his head when he rose and stepped up to Hermione. Softly caressing her cheek, he whispered, "I am so sorry. I did not mean any of it. You know that, right?"Swallowing, the young witch then looked up before she reiterated, "Are you sure? Her hair is so soft, and her eyes are like pools into the cosmos."Chuckling, Ron closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against Hermione's. "I'm never going to live this down, am I?""Not in the foreseeable future," Harry chuckled.Sighing, Severus gestured towards the door, "I would be grateful if you could take your teenage drama elsewhere. It is late, and I was on my way to bed. As were you!"Leaning up, Harry whispered into the Potion Master's ear, "Don't be jealous, Severus. Next time I'll let you show me your pyjama's as well." Then he kissed him and vanished through the door. It was not as if the man had been subtle about ogling Harry in his far too tight shirt. Barty had bought it for him last year, and since it was buttery soft and exceedingly comfortable to sleep in, Harry had not thrown it out, even if it was a little on the tight side by now. He had worn oversized closing the majority of his life. The contrast was … nice; and obviously appreciated."Ron, Hermione," Harry called them back at the foot of Gryffindor tower. "Room of Requirement is that way.""I don’t know," Hermione began, but Ron simply held out his hand. "Just to sleep. It will be the perfect ending for a perfect day."Smiling to herself, the young witch tilted her head before weaving their fingers together. "Who could say no to the birthday boy."Throwing every last edible present he had been given this year into the bin, Harry curled up in his own bed, not half an hour later."How's Ron?" Neville wanted to know."Right now, I imagine perfectly happy." What a way to start life as an adult. Harry couldn't wait!
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Harry could tell that Dumbledore was disappointed when he arrived at their next meeting without the memory. Not that he cared. They watched Tom charm a woman who wore Slytherin's locket and then requests a teaching position at Hogwarts. Dumbledore explained his denial with trite about not trusting Tom Riddle, even at a young age, and not being willing to risk his students' lives. Considering that the same man had given the post to frauds like Lockard and lunatics like Mad-Eye Moody, Harry thought that a rather weak excuse.However, he didn't reply since he didn't want to spend longer at the headmaster's office than strictly necessary.
"Hey.""Hey, darling." Harry accepted Blaise's kiss on the cheek when the boy slipped into a seat next to him in the library. Though it was only March, Hermione was already at his and Ron's back about revision and studying. Sometimes it was easier just to indulge her. So, he finished his assigned reading and then looked at his little snake. Caressing the other's neck, something that inevitably made Blaise purr, he asked, "Did you need something?""Can I only seek out my boyfriend if I need something?" The Slytherin teased.Tilting his head to the side, the Gryffindor agreed, "That was an unfounded statement. I'm sorry. But usually, you hang out with Luna on days like these." Meaning days when the sky was not hanging with rainclouds. As soon as the sun was peeking out, Luna was usually up and about the castle grounds. Most days with Blaise in tow and more often than not, the incubus was visibly satisfied in the evenings.Harry didn't begrudge them their afternoon plays, though he had to admit that he was a tiny bit jealous. Blaise and Luna had it easy in at least that aspect of their relationship. Severus was a harder nut to crack. Still, Harry smiled at the other boy. "So, what gives me the pleasure of your company? Need to study?""No, I was just …" looking around, Blaise sneaked closer. "Could you?" He gestured around them.*Silence,* Harry hissed, gesturing with his wand in a circle. Then he turned towards his snake, a little worried, "What's wrong, Blaise?""Nothing, it's just … I've seen Draco wander in and out of the Room of Requirement. But it looked different from when we use it. It was all stuffed and dusty. I don't know what he's doing, but I thought you would like to know."Groaning, Harry rubbed his face. "I knew a quiet year was too much to ask.""Do you think he's stirring up trouble?"Shaking his head, the Dark Lords equal revealed, "No, but I think he's trying to. Tom set him on a task. One he will fail. But until he accepts defeat, he might cause problems. Maybe not for me, but certainly for someone else.""Do you want me to keep an eye on him?"Gently caressing the other's cheek with the back of his hand, Harry smiled, "If it's not too much trouble, I would appreciate it."Capturing the fingers, pressing a kiss to them, Blaise smiled, "It will be my pleasure." Then he revealed, "Draco uses charms by now, to keep up appearances. He tosses and turns for the majority of the night. He's withdrawn and nervous. Whatever this task is, I don't think you'll have to wait much longer for him to admit defeat.""We've thought about recruiting him.""Of course."At Blaise's dejected tone, Harry turned and looked the Italian into the eyes. "What is it?""I … nothing." Trying to turn away, the incubus only gave in when he realised that Harry would not relent. After a few moments of useless struggle, he whispered, "It makes sense to recruit the Malfoy heir. He comes with influence and power. He's better situated in the British Wizarding Community than me, so …."Surprised, his master wondered, "Are you jealous, Blaise?""No," the young man shook his head, still trying to avoid Harry's eyes. "It makes sense. If I had a choice between him and me, I would choose him as well. He's better in every way."Caressing the incubus' cheek once more, Harry reminded him, "And yet, here you are, holding the position of 'consort' to the leader of our little group, knowing secrets Draco is not privy to. Do you really expect me to become the kind of person that casts you aside as soon as I add someone with a similar skillset, just because his family has more influence?""Draco's better than me in every way that matters," the Slytherin whispered."Blaise, look at me," Harry ordered and waited patiently until warm brown eyes met his. "You were my first Slytherin student. Before you came, Severus, Ron and Hermione. You know that they are in no way your equal, not one of them. The same will be true for Draco. You came first, and nothing will ever change that. Remember that the next time you start feeling inadequate. Alright."Allowing himself only the tiniest of smiles, Blaise nodded. "Yes, Harry."Kissing the other's temple, the Gryffindor took down the ward and made a shooing motion. "Now go out and play, little snake. I think a lovely raven is already waiting for you."Stealing another kiss, the Slytherin grinned and bounded out.Once he was gone, Harry groaned. 'Draco is up to something,' he shared. 'Cursing necklaces seemed to only be the beginning.''We'll have to keep an eye on him,' Hermione decided.'Yes,' Ron agreed. 'we can't have him endanger the other students. He's moronic enough to try and use them again because he's too scared to deliver any assassination attempt himself.'
Since the weather was getting progressively warmer towards the end of April, another Hogsmeade weekend was offered. Apparently, the teachers thought it wise to let the students run loose before the exams began. Harry had been given special permission to settle some personal affairs. Bill Weasley picked him up at the gate."You don't have to do this, Harry." This had been Bill's idea, to begin with. Still, the curse breaker did not appear overly confident right now.But Harry shook his head. "I am grateful for everything you've done, Bill. I hated that house and everything it stood for in the end, and you made them throw me out after but a few days. But, no matter how poor they treated me, it was still my home. I'm happier now. Peverell Hall is better in every way, but … but I think I have to do this. If not, I will always wonder."Nodding, Bill held out his hand. Harry clutched his forearm. "Ready when you are." Then the teenager whisked them away.
"Wow," the curse breaker stated, looking the street up and down. "This is creepy in its uniformity. Do all muggles live like this?"Banishing their robes, the younger man shook his head. "No, I guess Privet Drive is a prime example of passive-aggressive competition. Every other neighbour wants their garden to be the prettiest, their car to be the shiniest and their home to be the … well, I actually don't know what characteristics make a 'respectable' home. Maybe the number of doilies?""Harry, you're stalling.""I am," Taking a deep breath, they wandered towards No 4. Checking their clothes – white dress-shirt, Gryffindor tie, black jeans, and dragon-hide boots for himself; burgundy shirt, used jeans and sturdy boots for Bill - the ever-present fang in his ear – Harry grinned. The chances to gain disapproval were endless, even without robes. So, he rang the bell."Melissa, I did not expect you before …" Aunt Petunia said as she opened the door. As soon as she spotted them, she tapered off.Bill looked her up and down. "Mrs. Dursley, I presume. I am William Weasley. I work for Gringotts bank in London. I am here as the financial advisor of my client Mr. Potter, regarding this property. May we come in? Thank you." Before she got a chance to reply, Bill already passed her by and headed into the living room where they could hear the TV.Harry followed at a more sedated place. It felt strange to be back here, but he couldn't tell why."Petunia, I thought your friend would not … who are these people?" Vernon looked at the stranger, from the black boots to the fanged earring. Then he spotted Harry. "What are you doing here? You're not welcome in our house anymore!"Leaning against the door, Harry merely watched as Bill picked up the conversation. "Well, you see, strictly speaking, this is my client's house. He bought the lease and property last year and, despite the inflation adjustment, agreed to you keep your loan at the same level it was. However, since you've failed to make your payments for the last three months, we feel the need to revaluate this arrangement and think about more profitable solutions. This is a good location, so we are sure we can find more suitable tenants, some with a more … shall we say 'stable' financial background."The door behind them opened and closed and a glance over his shoulder revealed Tom walking into his childhood home. Ignoring the other inhabitants, the man looked around for a few moments, then made his way up the stairs. Vernon had not spotted him. He was currently splitting his attention between Bill and Harry. "It's your freakishness that has brought this upon us! I've lost my job, and nobody will hire me. The market is too unstable.""What about your wife?" The eldest Weasley raised his eyebrows challengingly."You can't expect my wife to work!" The man erupted.Surprised, the curse breaker inquired, "Why not?""Because … because …""I tried," Petunia admitted quietly. "But I have no qualification. So, no company will hire me.""Petunia, you didn't …" Vernon looked at his wife, betrayed. "I have taken care of this family for the last twenty years! And I …""Only you haven't," came a quiet voice from the side. Leaning forward slightly, Harry spotted his cousin. Dudley looked different than the last time he had seen him. His cousin had lost a considerable amount of weight and gained muscle. He wondered if that was a good sign. "Ever since you've thrown Harry out, you haven't taken care of us. If I didn't have a stipend, I couldn't even go to college.""Where did you sleep?" Tom was behind him all of a sudden. His voice a bare whisper in Harry's ear. The teenager only gestured behind himself towards the cupboard under the stairs. Brooms were filling it now, but his inscription >Harry's room< was still visible, and the cleaning supplies were merely thrown onto his old mattress. Some of them were even leaking through. He could hear the door creak. Tom must be clutching it pretty hard.Faced with his own failure, Vernon did what he had done for the majority of his life when something strange … unpredictable, happened. He rounded on Harry, "You!" He spat out. "This is all your fault! You put a spell on us! You … who the hell are you?" Finally, he had noticed the third wizard."I am Lord Voldemort."With a small scream, Petunia reared back. "You … you are … you killed my sister!""Your sister," the man stated without the slightest infliction, "and countless other muggles and mudbloods!""How dare you bring this freak into our house!" Vernon roared and charged Harry."Crucio." The words were barely a breath, and Harry wondered if he should feel satisfaction, or anger, or sadness or anything really, as he saw his uncle writhing on the ground. But right now, he felt … nothing. Still, this was wrong. So, he reached for Tom's arm and gently pulled it around himself. The man felt how tense he was and pulled him close, so they stood back to chest.Petunia rushed to Vernon's side. The muggle had, predictably, soiled himself. Even after the curse had ended, he was still trembling all over."Pathetic," the Dark Lord commented. *Your father made it two minutes before he started to even cry out.**Not right now.* Harry replied.
  *Apologies, my Horcrux.*
"Why did you bring him here?" Petunia was shaking all over. She tried to pull Vernon back to find cover, but in the middle of all these wizards, no place was safe. Not in her home … however little it belonged to her. Dudley helped and laid his father out on the sofa. All three had lost weight, Dudley the most prominent among them, yet Vernon was still unhealthily obese.Harry watched with a detached sort of interest before he replied, "I didn't.""I did," Bill admitted. "I care about you, Harry, but I am not your friend, not like Ron or Hermione are. I knew you wouldn't bring them. So, I thought ….""… that you should not do this alone." Tom finished at his back.Harry squeezed his eyes shut, wondering why he felt like crying all of a sudden. His aunt's sharp words pulled him out of his head."Why him?"Looking at the woman who had made him hover and cook and clean and garden, Harry revealed, "Because he is the first adult in my life, who has ever shown a vested interest in my wellbeing. Because, after trying to kill me, he has gone out of his way to make my life better. He has earned the right.""The right to torture your family?"And all of a sudden, it was over. In the past, Harry had always been afraid, expecting a slap, a cuff, a harsh word, or a derogatory comment. He did not any longer because …, "You are not my family.""We welcomed you into our home!""No, you tolerated me in your home. You made me work for every glass of water and every scrap of bread. You should have loved me, but - because of my magic - you couldn't. And you know what," Harry pondered after all these years, "that's not even your fault." He turned to go."Don’t."Dudley's pleading tone made him turn. His cousin was on his knees beside his father. "I know, …" he swallowed, rubbed his palms over his jeans before he rose and started again, "I know what we did to you was wrong, and I … I will do whatever it takes to make up for it, but please, please don't turn away and let him kill my parents like he did yours.""You think you can negotiate with a Dark Lord, muggle?" Tom sneered.Dudley, however, showed more backbone than both of his parents. He even took one step closer … closer to Harry. "No, I am begging my cousin.""You've changed." Harry realised."I had to. Dad lost his job. Mum's not all that well. I started working this summer so that we would at least have enough money for food and the lease. But mum insisted that I went to college when I received the boxing stipend."Looking at the eldest Wesley, Bill merely smiled, "I only cast the curse. I have no influence on how it turns out. Your cousin clearly has turned over a new leaf if the Karma Curse allowed the stipend.""So, you did something freakish …!" Vernon roared, but Voldemort merely held his wand up again."I suggest you do not interrupt, pig, when your son barters for your lives.""Harry, please," Dudley implored. "What do you want? I'll do everything, just … just don't …" He swallowed heavily, suppressing a sob.Looking around, Harry shook his head, "What I want, I can't get here. But that's okay. I found a new life and a new family. One that accepts me for who and what I am. I think that's more than most people have. Talk to Bill, Dudley. I did not come here to evict you. I'll give you … three-hundred pounds a month, a hundred for each of you, as long as you can prove that every week, one of you tried to get a job. Every Friday, Gringotts will send an owl, and you will give evidence of your attempts. I don't care if it's an office job, sweeper or cashier at the local supermarket. You can live here, rent-free, until you get your feet back under yourself." He looked at his aunt and uncle. "If you don't want to have anything to do with the wizarding world, you are, of course, free to pack up and go, and I will make sure that you will never, ever hear from me and mine again.""If you think that you can …" Vernon started again, but Dudley interrupted him, "Okay."Grinning, Voldemort teased, "So desperate that you are willing to make a deal with the devil, Mr. Dursley?""I know what Karma is. It's up to us now. I can't change mum and dad, but I can try to do better myself. No matter what they do, I'll stay and prove that not all non-magical people are bad and deserve bad things." Dudley closed the last of the distance and held his hands out for Harry. "I promise."Stepping out of Tom's embrace, Harry Potter took his childhood tormentor's hand and shook it. Finally, they both were free of the past and could start creating a better future. Turning towards Bill, he requested, "Can you set everything up?"Smiling proudly, the curse-breaker nodded. "I'll care for the details."Stepping up to the redhead, Harry hugged him, whispering. "I owe you. Thank you." The other just held him tight for a moment before releasing him. "Go."Looking around, one last time, Harry opened the door to his cupboard and pulled out his wand. "Scourgify." Watching his childhood inscription vanish, he nodded towards Tom. Closing the small door behind himself, they apparated away.
At Peverell Hall, Harry took a deep breath and turned towards the huge windows that overlooked the wakening garden. Though it was still April, it was warmer here than in Scotland. He enjoyed the peace and tranquillity before he had to return to the castle. Tom hovered at his back. That was somewhat unusual, but Harry felt too drained to care. Bill had been right. He had needed this. Harry had to come to terms with his past – the good and the ugly – to be able to concentrate on the future. He had wanted a clean-cut, but Dudley had surprised him. He would keep an eye on his cousin. Maybe there was hope."I regret killing your parents."Slowly, Harry turned around. Had he really just heard that? Looking at Tom, who would undoubtedly avoid this conversation, he was surprised when he met remorseful red eyes. Stepping up to him, the Dark Lord caressed his cheek and clarified, "I do not regret getting rid of my enemies. I was not exactly myself that night. But I regret what became of you because of it. No child deserves such suffering."What could he say to that? In a way, Harry realised he had always wanted to hear that. But now … like this … how could he convey how much this meant to him. Tom, however, merely smiled, apparently knowing already. So, Harry pressed his forehead against his and whispered, "Thank you."After a few minutes, he glimpsed up from behind his fringe. "Are you sorry enough to give me the memory where Slughorn told you about the Horcrux? It was him, wasn't it?"Rolling his eyes, Tom pushed him back. "You are a menace."Harry departed with a vial in his hand. If Dumbledore would discover that it was from Tom's point of view and not Slughorn's remained to be seen.
A black hawk sailed into the great hall on Monday, dropping a scroll straight into his beaked beans. After cleaning it, Harry discovered it to be a contract that detailed the Dursleys living conditions in Privet Drive. It had Aunt Petunia's and Dudley's signature. Vernon's was absent, but since his wife was authorised, it was valid.He wondered how long his aunt and uncle would stay at Privet Drive and if they would take the curse with them if they left. Harry decided to write to Bill and make him change the name on the lease to Dudley. If his cousin turned twenty-one, he would at least have the house his parents had bought to his name. It was the last thing to do to find closure.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    They were shivering all over. Despite it being May, cold rain was crawling under their hoods and into robes on their way back from Herbology. Hermione made them change, so they wouldn't get sick. After a hot shower, Harry strolled towards the great hall. Ron and Hermione were … doing what Ron and Hermione were doing. Mostly Ron watching her read with a dopey smile on his face, occasionally turning a page in a book he had no interest in. Harry didn't want to look too close. He loved them dearly, but the love-sick smile on his best friend's face was sometimes hard to stomach.Trudging along the second floor, Harry thought he heard someone crying. Retracing his steps, he found himself in front of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Since the Gryffindor could recognise the ghost's wails, he was sure that someone else was in there. Opening the door, he spotted Draco Malfoy, dress-shirt crooked, hair unkempt, face ghostly white. There were huge circles under his eyes, and desperate tears were running down his face. The boy looked devastated."He'll kill me," he cried, ignoring the sympathetic noise Myrtle was making. "Worse, he'll kill my family, and it will be all my fault!" Then he spotted Harry. Immediately his wand fell into his hand, and hexes were flying. Harry thought it was all in good fun, having been trained by Tom and Barty, who never pulled their punches. Draco was not even in the same league. That changed when the Slytherin cried desperately, "Crucio!"Harry's world exploded in pain. It was not as bad as when Voldemort cast it. Still, his entire body felt like it was on fire. He would not scream. He would not cry. He was strong! Then it was over."What were you thinking, stupid boy?" Severus roared above him. "How am I to protect you from this?"Gentle hands helped him up. Bushy hair tickled his neck. He was shivering all over. "How do you feel?""Horrible." He whispered hoarsely."Let's get you to the infirmary."With Ron and Hermione's help, Harry made it out of the bathroom. The tremors had ceased, but Draco was still standing there, wide-eyed, while his Head of House was yelling at him. Only when the door had fallen shut did he straighten."Talk about chance meetings," Ron mumbled, guiding his best friend along. "Was it even worth it?"Smiling darkly, suppressing another shiver, Harry nodded, "Definitely. He'll come crawling when Tom is through with him.""But did it have to be the Cruciatus?" Hermione berated."Hey, I did not offer suggestions," He shrugged, steadying himself on her shoulder. His body was still working through the trauma. "This was all Draco's doing. By the way, he has nothing on Tom. It wasn't too bad.""You know," his best friends sighed. "It's horrible that that's even a distinction you can make."
Draco was not in class for the rest of the week. Harry could barely suppress a smirk.
When the Malfoy heir returned the following Monday, he resembled a ghost. The Slytherin's talked only in hushed voices. Nobody spoke to him directly, only about him. Draco hunched more and more into himself as time wore on. When Blaise joined the trio for lunch, he recognised the anxious looks Draco was giving Harry. "Rumour has it that he's done something horrible. Snape wouldn't tell us, only that this is his last chance. Slytherins stand together, but there was a shift. Malfoy is losing his position. Do you know what happened?"With a sadistic smirk in the blond's direction, Harry replied, "Yes."After a few moments, the Italian prompted, "And are you going to tell me?"Chuckling, Harry caressed Blaise's neck. "Not now, my little snake. You'll find out soon enough."Watching his friend, the Italian pondered, "He's scared of you.""He better be."
"What happened with Draco?"You had to give it to Neville. He had stopped beating around the bush and began charging like the lion he was. Looking up from the blanket where the Gryffindor trio had made themselves comfortable next to the black lake, Harry made an inviting gesture."He used Crucio on me.""And he's still here?" Their friend asked, surprised.With a mean little smile, Harry shrugged, "Well, I didn't tell anybody about it, did I?"Neville studied the trio. After a while, he suggested, "You want him. If he's in your debt, that makes it easier to gain control.""Slytherins only respect strength and power," Ron explained, "Harry has both in spades, but Malfoy doesn't know that yet. It'll pull the rug out from under his feet and let him fall deeper than he can ever imagine.""And what does Vol… To… your Dark Lord have to say about this?""Tom slowly comes around to Harry's way of thinking," Hermione smiled. "He still does not believe that compassion can forge stronger bonds than fear. Yet, he's willing to indulge Harry in almost everything. So, he has his fun with Draco now, and when he hands him off to Harry, Lucius and Narcissa will be grateful beyond compare.""Is this all a game to you?"Sighing, Harry got up and sat cross-legged in front of their friend. "No, Neville, it's not a game. This is war. For now, Dumbledore tries to put all of his pawns into position, even me. But soon, he will understand that he has a real opponent who won't fight with death and destruction but with cunning and diplomacy. Tom tried it before, and the headmaster thwarted him at every turn. But this time, he has me, and a few important families to support his agenda, thanks to it. It won't be an easy win, but this time, the battle for our world will go in his favour. If it doesn't, we won't have a world to protect anymore in two generations tops. If the muggles discover us, it will be annihilation. That's simply not an option."Slowly the other Gryffindor nodded. "The fact that you don't like Draco has nothing to do with this cruel approach?"Shrugging, Harry admitted, "Of course it does. I went easier on Severus and far easier on Blaise. But I'm only human. I'm trying my best, but Draco is a bastard who's made my life miserable for five years. You can't expect me to forget that. Not even for the entire wizarding world."For several minutes, nobody said a word. Then Neville seemed to come to a decision. He got up and started casting heavy duty wards. Then he prompted Harry to stand as well. Trading confused looks with his friends, the trio faced their fellow lion. Then Neville sank to his knees before them. "I swear to follow you in word, mind and deed and to support your ideas and actions to the best of my abilities.""No," Harry whispered, flinching back so violently that he nearly took Ron and Hermione with him. "Neville, no. This is not what this was all about! I told you that everything I've done for you … that I didn't … I don't want you to …."Yet, the Longbottom heir did not get up. "I am not here out of gratitude, Harry. Well, a little, but that's not the main reason. I've watched you, and I have seen how you treat your friends and how you treat your enemies. I've seen you guide Tom. Follow him when you were convinced that he was doing the right thing. Oppose him when you didn't. I believe in you. The prophecy could have applied to both of us. The fact that Voldemort chose you doesn't mean that I'm not a part of this war. We are meant to be on the same side! So, tell me, … tell me that having the Longbottom heir by your side, in school, in society and in front of the Wizengamot won't make a difference.""It will, Neville, you know that." Ron agreed. "But we've been working with Death Eaters. We actually like Barty and see Bella regularly. Hermione and I attended meetings with the Dark Lord and watch him torture his followers. Every one of us has hurt someone when they've attacked. Do you really think you can stomach that?""I don't know," their friend admitted honestly. "I don't know if I can play the same games you do. But I know that you are trying to do the right thing, not for some 'greater good' but for every witch and wizard in Britain. Sooner or later, we all have to pick a side. I can't stay out of this, and between Dumbledore and Voldemort, my choice is you, Harry!""Think about this, Neville, please," Harry implored. "Once I mark you, there is no turning back. Think about your parents. The last time we saw them, they kicked us out. Do you think that they will support your decision?""Don't you get it, Harry? It doesn't matter! They followed Dumbledore during the first war, and what it brought them was fourteen years of insanity. I don't want them engaged in all this. I want them to be able to step back and heal. This is our fight. Our generation has to make up for the mistakes of our parents and their parents before them. So, if you don't want me, tell me to my face. But if you know that I am right, then mark me and let me do what I can to make this war as swift and un-bloody as possible so those who can't or won't fight can be safe!"'I can't,' Harry shook his head stubbornly."Yes, you can," Hermione contradicted and pushed him forward."Neville is right." Ron emphasised. "You chose the right course of action for every follower. You keep Blaise away from the meetings because he doesn't have the stomach for bloodshed. The Longbottom family is important. With him, we gain major influence in the Wizengamot.""Neville is our friend!""And he will stay our friend, through this." The witch confirmed. "We're all in this together, Harry, whether you like it or not. So, create a mark because then he'll be under our protection, and nobody else can use him.""As if Tom would dare," Harry mumbled."She's not talking about Tom," Neville stated. "As soon as Dumbledore notices that you're not in his pocket any longer, he'll come for me."Clenching his teeth, emerald eyes hardened. "Take off your shirt." He wouldn't let the headmaster sink his claws into Neville. Not another pawn for his board. Harry would protect his friend, even if it was the last thing he did.Taking in the bare torso, realising how handsome Neville had become, the Gryffindor ran his fingers over his chest, back and arms. The other chuckled before apologising, "Sorry, ticklish.""This is going to hurt.""I imagined."Circling Neville's upper arm, Harry decided. "I will do a lightning strike-tendril-pattern, right here, surrounding your upper arm. Are you ready?""As ready as I'll ever be."Ron and Hermione stepped up to them, surrounding the pair. Their hands were on both Neville and Harry as the Dark Lord's equal began to chant. Contrary to expectations, Neville did not scream, but once Harry was finished, he toppled over and panted. "By Merlin, let's never do that again.""Agreed," the trio concurred before laying him out on their blanket, covering him in warming charms, so he could recuperate before dinner.The Longbottom family was on their side. Things were slowly looking up.
During the last week of May, Harry received a letter through Professor McGonagall. When the trio met in her office after dinner, their Head of House handed over a simple cardboard invitation. Joy spread through Harry as he read about Remus and Tonk's wedding. Apparently, the Auror had finally grounded down the werewolf's resistance."We will depart on Saturday after breakfast. Since Mr. Lupin and Miss Tonks wish for a private ceremony, dress-robes will not be necessary. Please be ready by 9:30 on the dot.""Yes, professor," the trio replied before dashing out to make plans for a last-minute present.After a lot of debating, Hermione shrugged, "Well, you gave Severus a house. Don't you have anything else out of the way for them to use?"Hugging his best friend, Harry grinned. "Hermione, you're brilliant!"A letter was sent to Gringotts requesting Harry's estate portfolio.By Thursday, they had the perfect house. It was a country home in Southern England, within apparating distance from Dorchester. It seemed that the Black ancestors had been as fond of their little retreats as the Potter's had been. This house was in the middle of the woods. After exchanging a letter with Sirius, who promised to inspect the building and care that it was fit for habitation, they decided that it would be a combined present from all of them.Saturday dawned bright and clear, and the Gryffindor trio was eager to depart for Sirius' house where the party would gather. In the small church in the closest town, a vicar had been found, who had been willing to perform a 'garden' wedding. Everything went marvellous, and for the first time in his life, Harry could see Remus glow with happiness. Nymphadora's hair was a blinding white, bright as the sun. She looked positively radiant.There were singing and dancing and a buffet spread that would make Belladonna envious. At least Harry thought so until he spotted the cherry-clad elf putting some finishing touches on the cake. Looking around, he noticed not only their elves but Barty and Tom as well.'Harry?' Having sensed his spike in apprehension, Ron and Hermione immediately sought him out.'Tom's here.''So what?' Hermione wanted to know. 'He and Remus have been on speaking terms for months.'Ron grinned inwardly, 'And it's smart of Lupin to invite the Dark Lord to his wedding. At least that way, he can keep an eye on him.'Clearing his throat, once his friends were by his side, Harry gestured to the left side of the buffet table, "Tom." Then he gestured towards the middle, "Professor McGonagall." His two best friends blanched, then they dashed towards Remus."Hi. Hello. Nice to meet you." Harry smiled at the guests while reaching for Remus' arm, pulling at him. "Sorry, I have to borrow the groom for a moment.""Harry, hey, you're ….""You invited Tom?"Slightly embarrassed, Remus shrugged. "Well, he and I … I wanted to show him that there are no hard feelings. And with him around, at least I know he won't have time to scheme today."Ron grinned triumphantly."And McGonagall?""Well, she had to bring you lot around. It would have been impolite not to invite her if she were already here. She was my Head of House and always supported me." Remus shrugged."Professor,""I'm Remus, Hermione. How often do I have to tell you?"Ignoring the friendly reprimand, the witch continued, "Are you aware that McGonagall and Tom Riddle were most likely at school together.Remus turned a ghostly white. Tom and McGonagall were finally standing side by side at the buffet table, helping themselves to the little shrimp puffs Belladonna was so proud of. It was like watching a car accident in slow motion. The crash was inevitable, but no one could look away."Sorry, I just …" McGonagall stated."No, after you," Tom offered his most charming smile, looking up. Recognition made him freeze."Tom, …" Minerva breathed, letting her wand fall into her hand. Harry was already sprinting over the lawn, clutching his equal's arm.With a quiet hiss, he ordered, "Do not draw your wand at Remus wedding! Please!"Uncomprehending, the Head of Gryffindor House looked from the Dark Lord to the 'Boy Who Lived' and back again. Pressing her lips together, she hesitated for a moment before pushing her wand back up her sleeve. She could have it ready in half a second flat, but at least it was out of sight. "Gentlemen, I would really like an explanation. Harry, step away!""No!" her student shook his head. "But let's get inside. I'm sure Sirius will let us use his library." When his Dark Lord didn't move, he begged, "Tom, please."Reluctantly, Lord Voldemort offered his back to Minerva and entered the house.
The parsel mouths were hissing at each other, with barely suppressed agitation, gesturing wildly, when Minerva entered the library. She was surprised that Sirius even had one, he had never been the most studious of her pupils. On the other hand, she could see one of Lupin's jumpers and one of Harry's schoolbooks lying around. Maybe it was not Sirius who found the most use for this room. It felt well-loved, nevertheless.Ron and Hermione slipped in after her, carrying a tray with canapes and tea. "We'll just …" Ron started, but was at a loss, so Hermione finished for him, "We'll wait outside. Professor, please, believe me when I say that you are perfectly safe. If you want company, don't hesitate to call.""And what good would you two do?" She asked, looking down her nose at them."We're training with Tom and Barty often enough," the youngest Weasley brother winked. "We know most of their dirty tricks by now.""Just how long has this been going?"Her two Gryffindors traded a helpless look, "Since the final task of the Triwizard's Tournament."She paled and sank back into one of the seats. Turning towards two wizards who should be fighting to the death, she noticed how comfortable her lion was around the Dark Lord. He gestured without fear, contradicted insistent until he finally relented, not because he had been cowered but because he had been convinced. Grumbling, he sank to the floor in front of the chair Tom chose for himself. Studying the pair, noticing how their bodies were angled towards each other, she held out her hand for a cup of tea. Surprisingly, it was Tom who served her. After taking a soothing sip, she demanded, "I would like an explanation."And so, they explained: The Goblet of Fire. The contract Harry could have gotten out of but wasn't released from. Ghosts intervening in the lives of the living. Two enemies trying to kill each other but simply being unable to so, once they stood eye to eye. Hermione's help and Ron's revelations. A ritual that should have killed Harry. Being bound together even more tightly than ever before. Severus' test. Hermione and Ron's marking. Basically, everything that had happened during these last two years. Sometimes they spoke one after the other. Sometimes they explained together, and only her long years as a teacher had her make sense of their words. Finally, Tom gave a sigh. "Our world can't survive the path Albus Dumbledore has set it upon. Not only because acting for 'the greater good' and forgetting about the individual is wrong, but because muggles have become so much more dangerous than they were in our time. We need to grow more distant, not closer together. We're working on it, and this time we're doing it right."Nodding calmly, Minerva rose from her seat. "You will send me an owl tomorrow with your address, so I can get in touch with you." She informed Tom Riddle. Then she gestured towards Harry, "Mr. Potter, we are leaving.""Professor, I want to ….""That was not a request.""Yes, Professor." For a single heartbeat, her student was hugging the Dark Lord, and the older wizard was rubbing his back soothingly. Then he followed her. She gathered Ron and Hermione, offered the newlyweds her congratulations, then took her students and apparated them to Hogwarts' gates."Miss Granger, Mr. Weasley, please follow me. Mr. Potter, you may return to Gryffindor tower."Trading a look, the trio shook their heads. Then they spoke more flawlessly than even Fred and George ever managed."It doesn't matter, Professor." "Wherever we go." "Whatever we do." "We are always in each other's heads when it's important." "Have been since summer last year." "So, you can ask Hermione and Ron question after question." "But our answers won't differ from Harry's." "Because he told you exactly what has happened and what we are planning."Studying her students, she acquiesced. "I find it hard to believe that Albus would be willing to sacrifice you to defeat Tom Riddle. He always had a soft spot for your parents and now for you."Hermione rubbed her hands nervously, so Ron put a comforting arm around her shoulders while answering. "You know now what a Horcrux is. You know that Harry had one in his scar. Has the headmaster ever given you any indication that he was looking for ways to extract it from Harry?"Quietly, the 'Chosen One' reminded her, "To kill someone, you have to destroy all Horcruxes. Otherwise, he or she will come back. Tell me, professor, after all the trials I have faced at Hogwarts, after the upbringing he has chosen for me, do you really think that the headmaster believes that I will make it past my teenage years?"Pressing her lips together, Minerva McGonagall took a deep breath. "Good night." Then she turned around and left.'What do you think?''She's insanely protective of her lions, and you are one.''I think we might have gained an ally today. But you need to talk to Tom. Maybe he could pull her away from Dumbledore even more. She's not the person to 'follow' anyone.'Smiling, Harry turned towards Gryffindor tower. "Even as a neutral party, Professor McGonagall will be a force to be reckonned with."About that, they were in agreement.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    The exams were finally over, and Harry and his friends were enjoying another afternoon in the sun. Sometime around four - they were currently debating if someone should sneak into the kitchen for a little snack - Blaise joined them with a satisfied smile on his face. Stretching out on their blanket, the Slytherin pulled a book out of his bag, ready for some non-school literature. When he lifted it, Harry noticed some abrasions on his wrist. Immediately, he reached out. When he realised that they went beyond his wrists and up to his lower arms, he growled, "What's that?"
Grinning, the other merely shrugged, "Those are rope-burns … well, actually, they are vine-burns. They go all up all the way to my arms and torso. You wanna see?"
"Someone hurt you?" Harry hissed angrily, "Show me!"
Laughing, the Italian shed his dress-shirt, revealing a criss-cross pattern over his arms and chest. "Nobody hurt me, Harry. At least not in any way I did not like."
Frowning, the Gryffindor studied the pattern. There was a decidedly artistic quality to it. "Luna gave you these."
"Oh, yes," Blaise purred, putting on his shirt again. "She enjoys visiting the forest, and if I'm a very good boy, she becomes quite … insistent. I don't know if it's her nature or if it is all in good fun. But you won't hear me complain." Brushing over the now hidden marks, he admitted a little melancholic, "I hope we'll do it again next week. I want to carry them into the holidays."
"You don't like being away from us." Harry reached out to caress his little snake's cheek. When the other shook his head, he promised, "If you need me, send an owl. I'll find a way to get you. Peverell Hall is a big house, and you already have a room there. You can visit every other week if you wish to." When Blaise looked at him hopefully, the teenager shook his head, "Did you think I would abandon you during the holidays?"
"Well, I can't be of use during the holidays. I'm all alone."
"Blaise, look at me, please." When the Slytherin looked up, his master promised, "You are mine now. I protect what's mine, no matter if they are 'of use' or not. You want to come, I'll find a way to make that happen. You want to go home, I'll let you. I'm not a tyrant who will dictate your every move. You know what I want, and you agreed to my agenda. If we can't work on that, we're still friends. Stop thinking in Slytherin terms. I'm not a snake."
"Yes, you are," Ron piped up, making Harry and Hermione grin.
"Yes, I am," their friend admitted. "But you're still my friend. So, if you need something, just tell me. Alright?"
Pressing his lips together, the Italian admitted, "I'm afraid to go home. Mum disapproves, and I worry what she's going to do."
"Then come with me to Peverell Hall on the 1st."
"I can't," Blaise shook his head, reaching out to squeeze Harry's hand. "I'll …"
Their conversation was interrupted when Fawkes landed before them. Unrolling the message the phoenix carried, Harry groaned. "Seems like I'll be Horcrux hunting tonight."
Hermione shrugged at his dismay. "You had to give him that memory. You didn't really expect nothing would come of it."
"Hey, a guy can hope."
"Do you want to contact Tom?" Ron asked.
Hesitating for a moment, Harry shook his head. "No, we collected all of his Horcrux two years ago. So, the only one still 'protected' is the one in the cave. I was kind of glad that Tom dealt with his inferni. However, now there seems no way around me doing it. I'll survive."
"Tom will kill you if you don't," Hermione commented drily before returning to her book.
How strange had his life become that he actually believed that?

"Sir, where are we going?"
"To a little cave, not too far away from the orphanage, Tom grew up in. We've seen how he hoarded his treasures. He would want them to be protected." Dumbledore replied as he apparated them to a cliff by the sea. Despite it being June and the full moon, it was still rather cold and dark.
On the island, Harry relished seeing Dumbledore brought so low by Tom's potion. He deserved it for every single thing he had done to Harry's soulmate. Not about to let this opportunity pass, the younger wizard penetrated his headmaster's defences. He learned about Grindelwald, Tom's father and Ariana. How Dumbeldore was already suspicious of the Lord Peverell yet was still unable to openly oppose him in the Wizengamot. How his spies and Order Members had investigated Tom but found nothing useful so far. He continued feeding the headmaster the brew until the locket was revealed. Since Harry offered no target, the inferni stayed in their cold graves. He guided the headmaster to the boat and paid the blood tribune to open the archway that sealed the cave. He smiled triumphantly when he stepped into the now cloudless night. This evening had been most educational.
"Lean on me, professor," Harry whispered silkily, "I'll get us home." Tonight, the headmaster had given them a gift: the present of his past, and they would put that knowledge to good use to shape their future.
He had a hard time not smiling openly when Dumbledore discovered the locket to be a fake. Feeling generous, he reminded the man about Sirius younger brother and that the locket might be at Grimmauld Place. Surely Molly Weasley would know about it since she had cleaned the place up. He left it to them to discover that the desperately sought item had been thrown out like trash. With luck, that would send Dumbledore on a merry chase and keep him out of their hair for the foreseeable future.

Though he was bone-deep exhausted, Harry took the time to call for Kreacher once he had reached the common room. The elf approached reluctantly, having had to deal with Voldemort the last time Harry had summoned him. When Harry presented him the locked, he froze. Hopeful, he looked at Harry but did not dare to reach. Knowing how kindness felt after a lifetime of abuse, the teenager sank to his knees. "If you want it, it's yours. Slytherin's locket belongs to Tom, but your master had this made specifically. So, it belonged to Regulus. I am sure that he would be happy for you to have it as a memento."
With tears in his eyes, the elf shook his head. "Kreacher does not deserve it. Kreacher could not fulfill the last wish of his Master Regulus."
With a sigh, Harry sat down cross-legged. "It's not that easy. At one point, your master believed in Tom. But then the Dark Lord became twisted and insane, so Regulus tried to stop him. But you helped battle that insanity. You helped to change Tom back into the man Regulus followed out of his own, free will. I think you did even more than your master could have ever hoped for. And, of all people, he would want you to have this locket as a reminder that doing the right thing is sometimes impossible, no matter how hard you try. And that it's no shame to need others to help. Even if they were muggleborn and blood traitors." When Kreacher still seemed reluctant, he pulled the locket back. "Of course, if you don't want it, I can give it to Sirius. I'm sure he would enjoy …."
Faster than he could see, the house-elf had snatched the chain and hid it under his clothes. Defiantly, he glared at Harry when the teenager rose. "Good night, Kreacher. And don't forget to make the life of the guests of Grimmauld Place as hard as possible. I doubt that any Black would want them there."
"Yes, Master Harry." The answer was barely audible. Harry still counted it as a win.

Last day of school, Harry smiled to himself as he sank into bed. He had already packed and was looking forward to the train ride home – his real home with his actual family. Still smiling, he entered the Chamber in his dreams, where he found teenager Tom reading up on memory spells and joined him on the sofa. These last few months, he had spent more and more night with his equal's younger alter ego than he did with Tom himself. They had come to an understanding. The chains around the Horcrux had been loosened. Now the teenager could observe what Harry was doing and even participate a little. Ron and Hermione had a  good grasp on when Tom was showing through too much.
All in all, they worked together quite well. Toying with Draco had been entertaining. Harry could understand why his Lord kept Lucius around. Malfoys were fun when stressed.
He had not said anything about the unforgivable, and though Draco had gotten a little of his confidence back, he was still uneasy around him. Harry did everything to keep that up. Even Blaise used to needle his friend on occasion since he knew that his master wanted him unsettled. For the first time in his life, Blaise had been the first choice over Draco. That was more important to the Slytherin than Harry could ever imagine. The teenage Horcrux in his mind had advised him to just sit back and watch those two. He could learn something. Harry did not like to think of his friends as 'useful' and 'not useful' but accepted that some things were different for the snakes.
When Tom strolled in after an hour, the two teenagers looked up. A sadistic smile was gracing the Dark Lord's features as he advised, "Wake up, Harry. It started." Then he vanished.
"What started?" Harry asked, confused, but the other teenager had no insight to offer. "Maybe what he had Draco doing?"
"But Dumbledore is fine?"
Grinning, teenage Tom prompted, "Then let's find out how long it will stay that way."

A grumbling Hermione came down from her dormitory, buttoning her jumper, twisting her hair into a bun. "Stop waking me by shouting in my head. That's annoying."
"Sorry," Harry and Ron traded a grin. "I think Tom's invading, and we want front row seats, don't we?"
Rolling her eyes, Hermione rubbed her arms against the cold of the castle and the early start. "Let's get this over with, or we will be all but useless tomorrow. Ron and I are still prefects."
Hiding under the cloak, the three lions exited the tower, surprised to find Barty climbing the stairs. "If you're trying to get to the students, don't," Harry warned, making Barty jump at least a foot into the air.
Clutching his chest, the Death Eater shook his head. "I'm supposed to get you. Where are you?"
"Right behind you." Ron advised, and Hermione prompted, "Now go. We don't want to be late to whatever your Lord has planned."
Death Eaters were roaming the halls of Hogwarts, causing a general nuisance.
"They better not hurt any students, or I will draw and quarter them," Harry growled.
Barty eased him, "The common rooms were sealed before we even began. Only professors can leave their rooms. The three of you and, of course, your baby-Malfoy."
"Brilliant," Ron grinned vindictively. Too long had Draco acted all superior and condescending. No matter how far Ron had come, he was looking forward to seeing the other pureblood taken down a notch.
"Do you have the map?" Hermione piped up.
"Always prepared." Harry pulled it out, and they watched Draco and Dumbledore dance around each other. Following them, they ended at the top of the Astronomy Tower.
Albus Dumbledore. Draco Malfoy. Fenrir Greyback. The Order was arriving one by one. Severus. Tom still concealed. Lucius. It was getting rather crowded. Minerva McGonagall entered, Bill Weasley right behind her. There were bickering and pleading. Draco was crying. He tried to attack the headmaster. But - as Harry had predicted - he lacked a killer's instinct. Dumbledore tried to ease him, to promise protection. Yet even Draco was smart enough to understand that the headmaster would never follow through. After all, what would Dumbledore care for the child of a Death Eater? In Draco's favour, he managed to disarm the man.
"Draco, please," Lucius implored. Clearly, he had been charged with leading this assault; Death Eaters versus Order members in the most secure location in all of England. He didn't seem to be aware that his Lord had joined them. "The Dark Lord trusts you."
"I can protect you," Dumbledore offered a meaningless platitude.
"Avada Kedavra!" He cried, yet nothing but a fizzle of green emerged from the stolen wand. Had he been angry enough at Harry to cast the Cruciatus, he did not have it in him to take a life. So, Draco failed in front of his father and in front of the Dark Lord, who chose this moment to revealed himself.
With apparent displeasure, Tom sighed, "I was told that you would not be able to rise to the occasion. It seemed that my trust in you was misplaced. Severus send him away. I will deal with this disappointment later."
Bill, still covering McGonagall, flinched when the Dark Lord appeared, and Fenrir Greyback took that as an attempt on his master and lunged for the curse breaker.
"Bombarda!" Harry, Ron and Hermione cast in one voice, blasting the werewolf across the room. A useful spell that. He had to thank Luna for it later.
In the following fight, spells flew to and fro until Dumbledore and Minerva had lost their wands and stood face to face with Lord Voldemort and his most trusted servants.
"Severus, please. Remember your vow."
The Potion Master, however, shook his head. "You betrayed me. You did not protect Harry but allowed him to be abused. You raised him like a lamb for slaughter. I will not support you any longer. Take this as my resignation." As Severus raised his wand, the headmaster looked helplessly at the two order members before apparating away.
"Good riddance, and all that." Harry sighed, pulling off the cloak. "Are you alright?" He turned towards Bill.
"Yea," the eldest Weasley croaked shakily. "Thank you."
"You're welcome." The teenager inspected the werewolf before turning towards Tom, offering sheepishly. "Sorry. I couldn't let him hurt Bill."
Rolling his eyes, Tom gestured for Lucius to take the fallen wolf. "Have Narcissa heal him. She ought to have experience with broken spines by now."
Pleadingly, the Lord looked at his master, "My son, my Lord, please."
"We'll deal with Draco tomorrow." He replied, unforgiving. "I do not accept failure, as you very well know."
Once only Barty, Tom, the Gryffindors, and the two Head of House remained, Minerva held out her hand for her wand. "What do you plan on doing with Mr. Malfoy."
After a heartbeat, Tom offered his most charming smile while handing it back. "Me, nothing. I'm not the least bit interested in that child."
Working through that information, she turned towards her lions, who nodded. "We want him. He's a bred and born politician. But Draco is arrogant and cruel. He needs to be taken down a notch before we can work with him."
"Like you are working with Mr. Zabini."
Chuckling, Harry shook his head, "No, Blaise's nature was enough of an incentive for him to join me. He's not a fighter. Blaise Zabini is a brilliant diplomate. He has been of great use to us already and will continue to do so. Navigating the high society is second nature to him, and I am quite proud to call him my follower."
"What about the two of you?" Minerva addressed Ron and Hermione.
Smiling, Hermione pulled down her trousers and revealed her mark. "What we are, professor, you can't even imagine."
"You are awfully trusting for someone who has aligned himself with a Dark Lord."
Ron shrugged, "We talked about it. Sometimes you have to take a leap of faith. You are a good person, professor. We believe that you will make the right choice. Not for some 'greater good' but to keep the people you care about … the children of this school, current and future generations, safe."
"You have invaded this school!" She accused.
"Yes, we did." Tom replied evenly, "We invaded in the darkest hour after even the latest night-owls had gone to bed. And the first thing we did, was sealing off the common rooms so no child would be in danger." He then turned towards Harry, "I'll see you at home." When the young man nodded, he apparated away. Barty followed after with a maniac grin. Apparently, he had had a lot of fun tonight and expected more to come.

Hermione arrived with her parents shortly before dinner. Barty chose to apparate Mr. Granger since he didn't trust Mrs. Granger not to bite him again. Hermione had grinned and merely offered her arm to her mother. Just like upon her first arrival, Hermione chose to apparate to the driveway. That way, her parents got the chance to take in the beautiful house. "The family quarters are on the third floor. Tom generally prefers for us not to get up there. Ron and I have rooms on the second floor, as will you. Ours are directly below Harry's. Yours will be on the other side."
"I hope you are not off to cause trouble, and that's why you want us so far away," Her mother stated sternly.
Rolling her eyes, Hermione gave them the tour while explaining. "Mum, I have been an adult in the wizarding world since September. Ron since May. Do you really want to know what I am 'up to' at night?"
"Are you using protection?"
Barty, who had tailed them, choked.
Being used to her father's blunt approach even of the most sensitive topics, the witch only chuckled, "Through magical and physical means. Yes."
"Good," her mother decided. "I would be very upset with you if you did not finish school before you start a family."
"Who says that I will start a family as soon as I am out of school?"
"Nobody, I just made it clear that I don't want you to do it before."
Chuckling at his two women, Stephen Granger soothed, "This discussion will get us nowhere. So, instead, tell me if the gardens are as beautiful as the house."
Grinning, Hermione called out, "Rhodes, Briar!"
The two elves popped up, startling her parents. "What can Rhodes and Briar … what can we do for you, Miss Hermione?" The brown and violet clad elves bowed before her. Smiling, the witch introduced, "This is my father, Stephen Granger, and this is my mother, Jennifer Granger. Dad is interested in gardening. Would it be alright if he talked to you for a bit about the plants and the orchard?"
Beaming with pride, the two elves bowed deeply, "Briar and Rho … we would be delighted, Mister Granger."
A little helpless, the muggle looked at his daughter. "Ahm … thank you, gentlemen. Which one of you is Rhodes, and who is Briar?"
"I am Briar," the violet clad elf offered, and his brother, straightening his shimmering brown tunic, added proudly, "And I am Rhodes. I care about the flowers Daisy uses for decoration."
Looking around, inspecting the closest arrangement, Jennifer nodded, "They are beautiful. You are obviously very talented."
"Rhodes and Briar will make sure that Mister and Misses stay in Peverell Hall will be as pleasant as possible!" The elves bowed again before popping away as Hermione nodded at them with a smile.
"I think you've just made friends for life," she chuckled.
"They are truly fascinating. What are house-elves exactly?" Stirring her parents towards the library and laying out the necessary information, Hermione and Barty traded a grin, sure thing they would not even notice her vanishing in the evening when the meeting would take place. Bringing her parents here had been the best idea Harry had ever had.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    When Harry entered, the meeting was already going, black mask firmly in place, Ron and Hermione stood at his shoulders. Tom had told them that he intended to deal with Draco last since his fate would only involve Harry and his family. Everything stopped, and the Death Eaters stared when the three black-clad figures entered. Sedated, Harry stepped up to the chair beside Lord Voldemort's. Only when his friends had reached their positions, halfway through the room, did he claim his seat. The other two took a semi-relaxed pose, observing the Death Eaters from all sides.
To Yaxley's credit, he merely gave the impression of waiting politely for the newcomers to find their places before continuing his report. Dumbledore, so it seemed, had taken refuge in a safe house they could not reach. He had not reached out to anybody, as far as they knew. If the man intended to return to his position as Supreme Mugwump, they would see him at the beginning of September. If not, well, then he would be out of their hair. Win-win scenario, Harry thought.
'He's trembling,' Ron grinned. He had claimed a place directly behind the Malfoy heir.
'His face betrays no emotion,' Hermione stated, 'Lucius is worse for wear. He's nearly as pale as his son.'
'Narcissa hopes that I will save him.'
'Well, we plan to, so ….'
Meeting the eyes of the mother, though she could not know it, Harry decided, 'It will be up to him. Somehow I doubt that Draco will be so easily cowered.'
'Having the Dark Lord's anger directed at him is hardly 'easy'.'
The young man in question merely tilted his head in a so-so gesture. Narcissa appeared desperate, Lucius resigned. It remained to be seen how much Draco was willing to give, to be saved.
"Leave!" Tom ordered. "We will continue this next week. As long as Dumbledore hides, we will work towards the 'greater good'," he spat out the words, "of our world. When he emerges, we will deal with him as agreed."
*What did you agree on?* Harry wanted to know.
Claiming his chair, Tom tilted his head while watching his Death Eaters - sans Malfoys - leave. *We will prepare everything for the first Wizengamot session of the season. The more families are on our side, the easier it will be for us to offer a vote of mistrust. With you claiming your seats, it will be all but assured to go through. Still, intimidating a few of the 'light' families can't hurt, and it gives them something to do.*
Harry had seen what havoc bored Death Eaters could cause. So, until they were ready to start with the reconstruction of the Statute of Secrecy and the ward stones all over England, little could be done. Though the first orphanages were already in planning.
"Now to you, young Draco. While you managed to get my Death Eaters into Hogwarts, I am severely disappointed in your failure when it comes to achieving your main goal." He rose and approached the family. They barely dared to breathe. "Tell me, young heir, what use do I have for a Death Eater that lacks killer instinct?"
The young Slytherin was now openly trembling, with the Dark Lord breathed down his neck. "I," he croaked, desperate and afraid, "I don't know, my Lord."
"You dare call me 'my Lord' when you are not able to fulfil a simple task? You had Dumbledore's wand. You had him cornered. Yet you failed to kill him!"
"Please," Narcissa's words might have been a cry echoing through the room, for all the emotion it carried, though she had barely dared to whisper. Her hands were clenched so hard, blood was dripping from her palms. Her eyes were beseeching as she looked at Harry.
"It seems that your mother is convinced that you would be of more use to me than to our Lord." The teenager stated, studying his fellow Slytherin.
Looking from his mother to his father and back to Harry – intimidating in his black robes and black mask –Draco clearly did not know what to do. So, Harry threw him a bone, "Tell me, young heir, have you inherited your father's talents for politics? Can you manipulate people? Can you get others to make up for your misgivings, and would you be willing to do it for me?"
"Yes!" Draco agreed empathically. Then he froze, not daring to look over his shoulder. When Tom didn't curse him, he continued urgently, "I am well respected in the dungeons of Hogwarts. I can gain you more followers, my … Sir."
"So basically, you are useless in deed but strong in word." It was too easy to rile him up. Giving him too much hope would not work in their favour. His sharp words found their target. Draco flinched.
"I would give you everything I have," the young man whispered.
"Like you did for Lord Voldemort?"
Curling into himself, the blond did not offer a reply, could not, because every mentioning of their Lord brought his incompetence back on the table.
"What do you think, Lucius," Harry inquired, "Do you think that your son would make a better follower for me than for our Lord?"
Torn between wanting his son safe and not angering his Lord, Lucius hesitated.
"We're waiting," Tom hissed, his words like a whip over Malfoy's back.
"Yes, Milord, I believe he would," Lucius whispered hoarsely, barely daring to breathe.
"What do you think, Severus?"
His first advisor took his time with an answer. Neither Tom nor Harry tried to hurry him along. The Potion Master half-blood was offered more courtesy than the pureblood who hosted them. Judging from the clenching of Lucius' fists, the Lord was well aware. "I don't know, Master," a declaration where his loyalties lay. "Draco is talented, no doubt, but I don't know if he would ever be willing to bow to you."
"I would," Draco tried to reach for his salvation with both hands.
The teenager looked at his two best friends. They needed no words. Both nodded, and he decided, "Follow me." He left.
Ron chuckled in their heads, 'Narcissa just advised him to do as you say, no matter what.'
'Never,' Hermione stated, and the two boys had no choice but to agree. Draco would not come easy.

Ron and Hermione had waited for Draco to move before they covered his flanks, trapping him in the middle of their triangle. Severus followed unhurriedly. In the salon, Harry chose a comfortable armchair while his friends remained standing at Draco's back.
Once Severus had claimed a place behind Harry, he stated, "Every one of my followers came to me with nothing but their lives and their wands. So, you should take off your armour of silk and satin." Freezing at the request, the young pureblood looked around. His breath caught when he noticed Hermione taking off her mask, freeing her hair from the confines of her hood. Draco's eyes flew to Ron, who merely met his eyes, black mask in hand. Turning on his axis, the Slytherin flew around towards Harry, who looked up at him, impassive, waiting. "Make your choice, Malfoy."
Pulling his wand, aiming it at the Gryffindor with trembling fingers, Draco sobbed, "What are you playing at, Potter?"
Angry that his snake was giving up his one chance of redemption, Severus growled, "Chose your next words wisely, Draco. This very well might be your only chance."
"Is that what you've been doing since last summer? Have you abandoned our Lord in favour of a lucky Gryffindor?" The Malfoy heir choked. "Just because he bends over and lets you fuck him doesn't mean that he will have the Dark Lord's favour forever! Don't look so shocked. Of course, we know that Potter spends more time in your chambers than the Gryffindor common room! Sooner or later, our Lord will grow tired of him and kill him like he should have fifteen years ago. Where will you be then, Uncle Severus? My father has elevated you above all other Slytherins and gave you a place in the Dark Lord's Inner Circle. How could you throw that all away?"
Furious that the stupid boy was messing this up so spectacularly, the half-blood snarled, "Your father fucked me exactly as long as it served his agenda. Once he had established his own place in the ranks of the Dark Lord, he dumped me; even threatened me to never again approach him in public! Lucius only cared about himself. With Harry, I can at least be sure that when he tires of me, I will still have a place by his side, respected even if I'm not loved. He never offered false pretences for his own gain!"
Trembling from rage, Severus realised that the room had gone utterly still.
Slowly … very slowly, Harry rose from his chair and turned around. Then the trio asked in one voice, "What?"
"I …" their power … their fury was tangible, and since it coursed through them all, it was amplified exponentially, and there was nowhere to hide. Their approach was simultaneous, and Severus had never realised how unsettling a united mind in three bodies could be until it was concentrated on him. Harry held out his hand, and his follower knew what that meant. The young man wanted to verify Draco's claims. Once they touched, Severus would have no defences. Glancing over Harry's shoulder, he pleaded quietly, "Not them, please. I … I'm willing, but don't make me share my past with your friends." He breathed a sigh of relief when Ron and Hermione took half a step back, moving out of synch. They were still watching, but Harry's furious gaze was not reflecting from their faces any longer. Steeling himself, he stepped around the chair and sank to his knees before his master, just like he had done their first night. The young man, however, touched his chin, tilted his head up. Instantly the familiar mind washed over him and drowned him in memories he had spent twenty years repressing. When Harry broke the contact, Severus felt like he had run a marathon. Grateful that he was already on his knees, he took a moment to gather himself, to rebuild his defences after having been stripped to the bones. His Lord had not been as forceful as Voldemort, had not hurt him in his quest for the truth. But this invasion had gone so much deeper.

Bursting through the door into the meeting chamber, Harry gave an all-mighty roar, "Is it true? Did you use Severus and then discarded him when the association with a Potion Prodigy brought you enough regard to gain a place in Voldemort's circle?"
Rising his chin, Lucius had the audacity to defend himself, "I certainly did not take advantage of Severus in any way he disliked. Our association was mutually beneficial until the very end!"
"Until you dumped him!" Harry shouted. "You did not care one wit about his feelings, only about yourself and your standing!"
Draco burst through the door. Harry merely cast absent-minded, "Expelliarmus" and caught the foreign wand the Slytherin had drawn. Then he turned back towards Lucius.
The Lord made a discarding gesture, "Don't act as if Severus was a blushing virgin! He got what he wanted and then moved on."
Since his inspection had revealed that, yes, Severus had very much been a virgin when the pureblood had pulled him into his bed, Harry saw red. The wand he had taken from Draco seemed to vibrate in his hand as he hissed, "Sectumsempra!" Slashing over Lucius body.
For a heartbeat, the Lord's eyes grew impossible big, then he broke down, blood gushing out of a large gap that ran over his entire torso. Severus rushed past Harry; was on his knees beside the bleeding man in an instant. The Dark Lord's equal merely watched with burning eyes as blood flowed over a mahogany floor.
Wand ready, but knowing better than to use it, Severus requested desperately, "Let me heal him."
"No," Harry replied. Severus had been hurt. The Malfoy Lord deserved this fate.
Ron and Hermione's hands on his shoulder pulled him out of his rage-induced stupor when Ron whispered, "Your Dark Lord is showing." And Hermione cautioned, "This is not us. Don't do this, Harry. You'll regret it tomorrow!"
"Do you love him?" The young man asked. His eyes sill on Severus, his quiet voice filling the entire room more effectively than if he had shouted.
"You know whom my heart belongs to." the Potion Master looked up from his knees, anxiously clutching the dying man's hand. "But he's my friend. Harry, … my Lord, … please."
Closing his eyes for a second, Harry nodded after a heartbeat. He could feel the pull of Severus mark, his need for power. Yanking Lucius back from the brink of death would need more energy than his Potion Master had, so Harry reached for Ron and Hermione, then opened himself for his advisor. Instantly, Severus' chant became stronger, his casting more determined. The bleeding stopped. Harry only turned away when the Potion Master knew that Lucius was stable again.
He watched Draco, who retreated into a corner when he felt Harry's eyes on him again. He opened his mouth to say something, but the Gryffindors merely shook their heads.
"This was a mistake," Ron sighed.
"This is not us," Hermione agreed.
Harry exhaled tiredly. "Just go, Draco, your nightmare is over."
"No," the Slytherin forced out, fumbling for his robe with trembling fingers, trying to open the clasps. But a shake of Harry's head stopped him. Frantically, he whispered, "Pot… Har… Milor…, please, just … I can do this. I …" Anxiously, his eyes travelled from Tom to Harry and back again.
Following his fellow student's gaze, the young man shook his head, "He won't hurt you or your family. Not in retaliation for Dumbledore."
Tom, who had stood back and watched the spectacle, asked interested, "And why wouldn't I? We had an agreement, *my Horcrux*, if he's not yours, he's mine, to do with as I please."
"No," the young man shook his head, "he failed your test, as you knew he would. He's not suitable to be one of yours, so I will put him under my protection."
"Not without a mark."
Exhausted by both the emotions and the pull on their powers, Harry looked at Draco again, who seemed torn, fists opening and closing around the seams of his dress-shirt, too anxious to even breath as his fate was decided, "Yes, this one time, without a mark."
"Why do you think I will allow that?"
"Because it's the right thing to do." Shaking her head, Hermione sighed, "This was a mistake from the beginning. One Dark Lord chose this game, another revelled in it. The echo strung aus along for the ride."
"But this has gone far enough." Ron continued, "You rule through fear, we through conviction. We can't rummage through everyone's mind every time we meet. We have to trust those aligned with us. Draco could be a good addition. We all know that. But after everything that's happened, he can hardly be trusted."
"Is that your last word?"
Harry nodded, "It is." Severus, he promised, "We'll leave the connection open. Come to Peverell Hall when you are finished."
Looking up from his pale friend, the Potion Master bowed, "Thank you."
Glancing back at Draco one last time, the trio then took a unified step forward and apparated away.

The moon was rising when Severus slipped into his master's quarters. Pulling Lucius back from the brink of death had exhausted him, but with the power Harry had provided, he had managed. Narcissa hadn't been able to face him. She had offered but a weak 'Thank you'. This would drive a wedge between him and her family. In the end, it had been inevitable. Severus had been in love with Lucius. The Malfoy heir had been the first man to shown interest in a half-blood and treat it kindly. To realise that he had only been a means to an end had broken his heart. He had thought that love was a foolish idea from that day forth, neither honest nor true and had hardened his heart against it, until… Harry.
Watching the three teenagers on the bed, especially the black-haired in the middle, Severus knew that what he felt for Harry was in no way comparable to what he had believed love to be, once upon a time. Lucius had been a burning wicker, bright and beautiful. But with no substance to feed the fire, it had fizzled out. It had hurt, but … well, burning out always hurt. His young master was different. There was so much depth to his emotions. He was kind, protective, furious on behalf of others, generous and oh so caring. His touch was gentle, and his words true. Harry was not playing games and was not looking for more personal gain than the average human being. They would never be equals, but that was just fate. Severus would never come first, not for Lily, nor for her son. But with Harry Potter, the Dark Lord's equal, it was easy to take second place behind his ambitions. Severus knew that they were more important than a single wizard … than him. However, Harry never let him feel that, and he was forever grateful. Whenever they were together, the young man gave him the impression that he was the most important person in his life. Severus was determined to hold on to that until Harry would move on. When that day came, Severus at least had beautiful memories to cherish. He would continue to serve his master, even from the shadows, as any good advisor should.
But that moment was not today. Today, he could give in to his impulses and claim a place by this young man's side. Disrobing and folding his dress shirt, he gently shook Ron Weasley's shoulder and whispered, "You may close the connection. I am finished."
"Great," Ron yawned, slipping out of bed, only wearing his boxers and a shirt. Rounding the bed, he nudged Hermione closer towards Harry, so he could slide under the covers behind her.
"Sht'p!" The witch ordered sleepily. "Needstdy."
Chuckling, Ron caressed her hair, before he mumbled, "Sevrus's back. Close."
"Hm…" the young witch sighed, turning around, so her back was pressed against Harry's side and her head cushioned on Ron's chest.
Harry frowned, forcing his eyes open after a moment, "Whut?" Looking around, he spotted Severus and smiled weakly, making grabby hands. "Good was wondring … exhausted." He mumbled as he pulled the Potion Master close. "Too mny clothes." With a wink of his hand, Severus outer layer vanished, leaving him in pants and a shirt. Harry sighed happily as he pulled him in. Nuzzling into Severus' neck, he mumbled, "Don' like Lucius. Can't have you back. Mine now."
"Yes, Harry," the older wizard agreed all too readily, unable to suppress a smile.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "You undermined my authority last night," Tom commented, by your leave, at breakfast.
Severus froze, beside Harry, Hermione and Ron appeared as thoughtful as their fellow Gryffindor, while Barty reached for another roll.
"I guess I did," the teenager agreed after a few minutes of contemplation. "But I build up mine, so it wasn't a total loss."
Offering a smile that would have made a rattle-snake proud, the Dark Lord replied, "You really don't like Lucius."
"No," the young man admitted, accepting the refill Ron offered. "He's arrogant and selfish, thinks only of his family and immediate gain for them. All he has going for himself is his money and his name. Take that away, and he's nobody."
"Then why are you interested in his son?"
Surprised, Severus looked at Harry. "You're still thinking about recruiting Draco?" Last night his master had given an entirely different impression.
"Of course," Ron admitted, "Draco was born into the political circus. I kind of hate him by proxy, but he's brilliant. What Blaise is in high society, Draco is in the political arena. With the right incentive, he could make Minister of Magic."
"With or without the Malfoy name?"
"With my name," Harry easily matched his soulmate's unsettling smile.
"You think he will come to you." The Dark Lord wondered. "Why?"
Hermione chuckled, "Because Draco hates Harry as much as he admires him. He always wanted to be his friend. Their animosity is like pulling each other's pigtails on the playground."
"I resent that!" Harry gestured with the butterknife.
"No wielding cutlery at the table!" A high voice commanded.
"Sorry." All six put their knives down until Belladonna was finished laying out a new spread of freshly cut fruit.
Only when the little elf was gone did they pick up their cutlery again.
"Anyway," the witch continued, "Draco will realise that this is his chance to make something of himself, away from the fame and fortune of his father. He wants Harry to admire him for his brain and cunning. Sooner or later, he will realise that all he has to do is swallow his pride for the chance. If he comes, … when he comes, he will work with us. Had we forced him, he would have just been difficult. We got carried away this year."
"We aren't any longer. Tom and I talked about it."
"We did?"
Harry gestured towards his scar. "Not you, Tom, he, Tom. We were too eager to see the mighty fall. I've got it under control again."
"That you call the Horcrux 'Tom' is really confusing," Barty piped up.
"I know, but they are still the same person. I can't call him anything else."
"You could call him Marvolo," Tom suggested.
Thinking about it for a few seconds, Harry nodded, "I can suggest that. But he had even less time to come to terms with his hatred of his family than you. I doubt that he will like to be called by a man's name who has cast out his mother."
Rising, Barty looked at the witches and wizards at the table, "You'll excuse me, the Grangers have roped me into showing them the town. And since they are incredibly early risers and have just now finished their morning workout, they'll be ready for departure in twenty minutes tops."
"How does he know?" Ron wondered, but Harry merely gestured over his shoulder. Hermione's parents were just jogging along the balcony to reach the salon's patio doors. The redhead shuddered, "If magic wanted us to run for a living, she would have given us more legs."
"Actually, biologically speaking, the homo sapiens is the lifeform best suited for long-time running, even better than most animals …."
Harry smiled and returned to his breakfast, letting Hermione's lecture wash over him. It was familiar and comfortable. It was so good to be home.

Later, in Severus' small garden, the Potion Master wanted to know, "Are you jealous of Lucius?" He had been at war with himself all morning, unsure if he should ask … if he even had the right to. After the late breakfast, Harry had suggested that he took stock of his ingredient cupboard so that they could go shopping before the holidays were in full swing. Severus had gladly taken the time to sort through his supplies and his thoughts. Harry had used the time to get an overview of his holiday homework.
Now they were sitting under an artificial shade Daisy had transfigured from old linen, enjoying a light lunch. Harry was still lying on the floor, his books carelessly shoved to the side that he would not spill juice on them. Jealousy implied love, but Severus had worked hard to not read too much into his master's furious reaction the day before. As expected, Harry took his time to answer. Sitting up, pulling his knees to his chest. After a few minutes, he admitted, "To be honest, I don't know. He hurt you, and I am livid about that since you, of all people, don't deserve that. The idea of you with someone else doesn’t have me fly into a burning rage. But I think that's mostly because I would assume that any partner you chose for yourself would treat you right. If that were the case, no, I don't think I would be jealous."
"But yesterday, you were." Severus insisted.
"Because you deserve to be treated with respect and kindness. Lucius did none of that!"
Nodding reluctantly, the older wizard returned his attention to his lunch. Why had he asked a question he had not wanted to hear the answer to? Stupid!
He offered resistance when Harry tilted up his head. In the end, it was useless to fight, so he gave in. Harry was crouched down before him, gazing at him with kind eyes. "You were hoping for a different answer." His master was touching him, so denial was useless. In the end, Severus could only nod. Oh, so tenderly, Harry kissed him, first his lips, then his cheeks, his nose, his eyes, his forehead. Finally, he whispered into his ear, "I will accept any partner that makes you happy, but right now, I really hope that that person is me. Can that be enough?"
Helpless, as he was so often in the face of this young man's affection, Severus pulled him close and claimed Harry's mouth. "Yes," he whispered hoarsely and then, for the longest time, neither of them said anything.

Having argued successfully, with Hermione, that a week of work justified a day at the beach, the three Gryffindors had lain out a blanket beneath a giant colourful sunshade that Hermione had created from some curtains. Of course, the witch had brought a book, but Harry and Ron knew better than to think that anything but reading would relax her. They had planned to build a sandcastle after lunch to make up for the time they couldn't go swimming. Ron was wading through the crystal-clear water, looking for seashells and colourful rocks they could use as decoration later. A dot of yellow at the dunes drew his attention.
"Malfoy?"
A Peverell elf was guiding a reluctant Draco Malfoy along the sand until they reached their little oasis. Pulling up her shades, Hermione inspected her fellow student. Draco looked out of place in leather loafers, pressed trousers, and a pristine white dress shirt. At least he had forgone waistcoat and robe. He would die in the sun. Nervously rubbing his sweaty hands on his thighs, the Slytherin wanted to know, "Where's Potter?"
"Swimming," the two Gryffindors replied before Hermione turned her attention towards the elf. "Daisy, could you please ask Lily to get Professor Snape?"
The elf nodded enthusiastically and popped away, leaving the pureblood behind.
Ron, meanwhile, looked over the water tilting his head. After a moment, he waded onto the beach, "Harry will be with us soon. He can't exactly say how far away he is."
Looking out over the water, Hermione chuckled, "Considering how long he's been under, he could very well have reached the Isles of Man by now."
The three hovered uncertainly until Harry jumped out of the water, doing a backflip, before approaching the shoreline. Popping his eyes and nose up, he gestured towards himself, prompting Hermione to scramble for her wand. "Right, sorry."
"What's wrong with Potter?" Draco inquired.
"He's come to enjoy using Gillyweed, but his hour isn't up yet." Harry emerged from the sea a moment later, shaking saltwater out of his shoulder-length hair.
"Draco."
"Potter … Harry," the other corrected himself after a heartbeat. "I … I wish to follow you." Then he started unbuttoning his shirt.
"Draco, stop." Even in swim trunks, Harry extruded a quiet authority he never showed at Hogwarts but during every Death Eater meeting. The Slytherin hesitated. "We have talked about this. You don't really want me. Tom was playing games. But he won't hurt you if you refuse to join him. Nor will I." Seeing how indecisive the other was, Harry approached him and put a comforting hand on his shoulder, ignoring Draco's flinch. "Listen, your mother probably had the best of intentions. But she can only advise you as far as she's aware of the situation. Your father's entire life was ruled by Tom. You can do more than just choose between two masters."
Swallowing heavily, Draco looked up. Silver-grey eyes met emerald-green. "Mother told me to go. She wanted to set me up with private tutors in France."
"Then why by Merlin and Morgana are you here?" Ron asked, surprised.
"That would be my doing, Mr. Weasley," Severus stated from his place on the dune behind the teenagers.
Looking at his first advisor, Harry accused, "You have tried to convince Draco? I told you that's not what I want!"
The young man did not realise that his fellow student inched back at his sharp tone, curling into himself. Severus, however, did nothing of the sort. Joining them on the beach, uncharacteristically dressed in light linen pants, a short dress-shirt, and bare feet, the Potion Master still towered over them. "Draco sent me a letter, apologising for his harsh words and asking for advice." When Harry started a reply, Severus raised his hand. "I told him that he should think very carefully about how he wanted to spend his life. Lucius made his choice. You made yours. However, it is Draco's decision if he wants to throw his lot in with either of you. In a decade or two, he might not have to live with his parents, but he will have to live with himself. So, he should determine where he wants to stand."
Really studying the Slytherin in front of him, Harry frowned. "So, you came to pledge your allegiance to me."
"Yes."
"To follow my every command, and by extension, Ron's and Hermione's because you are aware that they speak for me."
Draco hesitated briefly, but then he nodded again. "Yes."
"And you thought the best way to approach me was to hide your true appearance?"
"What are you talking about, Harry?" Hermione rose from her lounge chair and stepped behind his left shoulder.
Gesturing over the Slytherin, her friend revealed, "He's wearing glamours. They are so thick I can nearly taste them."
Draco did not move, did not dare to look up. Surprisingly, it was Ron who understood. "A Malfoy always looks his best. Nothing but perfection is acceptable for a member of that family."
By pressing his lips together, Draco as good as confirmed that.
Harry pondered, "You're afraid that I won't want you if I see you for how you really are."
Finally bursting, the pureblood accused, "I offered you my hand looking my best, and you refused me. You can't honestly make me believe that you will accept me looking like … I can do this, Potter! I might not be at my best, but I am still strong enough to serve you. I can be an asset. My father trained me to lead our family. The other purebloods know me. I can be good enough for you!"
Gesturing for his friends to give them some space, Harry pulled Draco into their shade, folding his arms over his chest, glowering. "The day I refused your hand, you had just insulted the first friend I have ever made. It had nothing to do with your looks, or your social standing or your power. I knew nothing about that. Me rejecting you was purely because you behaved like a bully. You reminded me of my cousin, and I didn't like that."
"And why are you rejecting me now?" The other challenged.
Pinching his nose, the Gryffindor explained carefully, "I'm not rejecting you, Draco. But I want to make sure that this is really what you want. We've been at each other's throats for more than half a decade. If our situations were reversed, could you believe in my change of heart?"
"If it worked to my advantage?" The Slytherin replied, making Harry bark out a laugh.
"Yes, I guess that's true. Still, I'm not you, so drop the glamours." The moments they vanished, Harry snapped, "Severus, a diagnostic. Now!" Draco looked dreadful, even worse than he had in the bathroom all those weeks ago. He was gaunt, pale and appeared not to have slept since Tuesday. Impatiently, the young man looked at the Potion Master.
Studying the parchment, Severus shared, "He's malnourished and sleep-deprived. That should come as no surprise. He has a few vitamin deficiencies, but nothing a few good meals and rest could not make up for. I suggest a nutritious potion with every meal for the next week."
"Yuk," Harry grimaced, "They taste horrible."
"They work," the Potion Master growled, "That's their sole purpose."
"Potions are not treats; they are medicine!" Draco finished in one voice with Severus, offering a small smile. "You could still try, but you never bother."
"I bother with efficiency, not taste."
Offering some of their juice, Harry gestured for the other to sit before he wanted to know, "Draco, why are you here? Why do you want this?"
Toying with the bottle, only drinking after he was prompted, the other shrugged. "I … all my life, my father has taught me that we are to follow the Dark Lord because only under his rule could the witches and wizards of Britain return to their former glory. We are the pinnacle of evolution, better than muggles and muggleborn. But … but I'm not blind. I have seen the power and skill muggleborn or half-bloods possess and how lacking pureblood families have become. I want … you and the Dark Lord want to change our world. You want to protect it from the muggles who are a risk even without magic. I'm not sure if they are really as dangerous as you say. But every student at Hogwarts, strong or weak, has magic, and I think that's more important than how pure our blood is. Centaurs have these amazing abilities to read the stars. Werewolves are terrifying but strong. Dragons, fae, pixies and all the other creatures … our world is precious and should be protected. We've allowed ignorance for centuries. I don't think we can go on like this much longer. I've seen one of the books mother hides from father. It talks about muggles walking on the moon, thirty years ago! If they can do that, what else can they do?"
Trading a look with Severus and then with Ron and Hermione, who had returned, Harry offered his hand. "Welcome to my circle, Draco Malfoy."
Unbelieving, Draco reached out and took it. "I … really?"
"Yes, really!" Harry decided, then he got up. "Now undress."
The Slytherin tensed but still took off his clothes. When he tried to pull down his grey silk pants, Ron stopped him. "Woah, Malfoy, hold your horses. I don't need to see your junk."
"But Harry said …?"
"Harry said, shut up so that I can come up with a design for your mark." Rounding the young man, studying his torso, arms and back, the Dark Lord's equal contemplated.
"A design?" Draco whispered, "The mark is different for everyone?"
"Not exactly," Hermione shared, pulling down her bikini bottoms to reveal the mark on her hip, gesturing towards Harry, who wore it proudly on his chest, and then at Ron, who lifted one leg of his trunks. "We share the same design. Professor Snape's is different."
Looking at his teacher-slash-honorary-uncle, Severus had opened his short-sleeve, revealing the lightning bolt over his heart.
"Blaise's wings … they are your mark?"
"Yes. He's a show-off. Something flashy suited him. With you, I think I will go a similar route."
"What do you have in mind?" Hermione inquired.
Grinning, Harry looked at the witch, "Remember two years ago, when we were studying dragons?"
Hermione pondered, then her eyes lit up. "Oh, I know, the engraving on the book!"
"Yes, I think that would look amazing on Draco." Looking at Severus, he wanted to know, "Can he take it?"
"I can take anything!" Draco piped up.
"Shush, stupid boy. You've not eaten or slept in four days. You are clearly not the best judge of your own needs!"
Pleading, the young man looked up at Severus. Finally, the man relented. "It will exhaust him, but he will make it."
"I will not harm him?"
Putting a hand on his master's shoulder, the older wizard emphasised, "You will hurt him, but you will not harm him."
Taking a steeling breath, binding back his hair, Harry looked at his friends, and they circled Draco once more. "Kneel." Reluctantly, the Slytherin looked around. Surprisingly, it was Ron who eased him, "Really, Malf… Draco, kneel, this will hurt like hell. It will be more difficult for us if we have to hold you up."
He eased a little when the Gryffindor trio followed him until they were all kneeling on the blanket. Tracing his fingertips over Draco's torso, his sides, his back, Harry explained, "Your mark will be a stylised dragon. It will surround your torso and should peak over your shoulder. I don't know if we can muster enough power, but I will try to make it move. It will look gorgeous, trust me."
"I do."
"What?"
Their eyes met again, and Draco stated with absolute conviction, "I trust you."
Smiling, Harry nodded. "Then this will be perfect."
Six gentle hands touched Draco's naked skin. Then fire started to race through his veins. For nearly a quarter of an hour, Harry whispered the binding spell in parseltongue. A dragon in shades of sky-blue, grey, and silver emerged from beneath the skin, shimmering beautifully over the surface. In Draco's favour could be said that he did not scream. His lip was bitten bloody, and his palms were weeping blood where he had dug his nails in, but no sound left him. Once the three teenagers pulled back, he broke down, sobbing in Harry's lap. The Gryffindor nodded towards Hermione to heal Draco; then, they took off.
Ron and Hermione went for a walk along the beach to allow them some privacy. The Dark Lord's 'equal' caressed his newest follower's hair to soothe him. Quietly, he asked, "You think this was a mistake?"
"No," Severus smiled, watching his master being oh so careful with his former nemesis. "I think you did everything right." He rose. "But now I will get back to the cottage. A day in the sun doesn't agree with me."
Grinning, Harry tilted up his head, demanding, "Kisses."
Shaking his head, Severus indulged him before heading home.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I'm sorry," Draco whispered after an hour. He had dozed on and off, but the feeling of being petted was too nice to let it slip away with sleep."What about?"Squeezing his eyes shut, the Slytherin forced himself to say, "Everything, really." Slowly, pulling back, Draco sat upright, looking at Harry for the first time without scorn or derision. "How I acted, how I treated you. I was … I am sorry.""Don't be, Draco." The Gryffindor replied, "The past needs to be put to rest. There was much more bad blood between Tom and me than there ever was between the two of us. Still, we overcame it. Now we're working together and are stronger for it.""How?"Shrugging, Harry looked at the sea. "I don't know, by decision, mostly.""Do you really think that we can just 'decide' to move past everything that has happened between us? Do you think that Granger or Weasley would allow that?""If you don't think that Hermione and Ron will accept you, why did you even come?"Now it was Draco's turn to shrug, though he did so much more elegantly than Harry. "I can prove my worth to you.""Draco, this is not a competition! You don't have to prove to me that you're worthy. We know you are. Otherwise, Ron and Hermione would have never supported me recruiting you.""They agreed?" The Slytherin asked, surprised."Of course, they agreed. Did you think that I took you on against their wishes?"Draco mumbled something but did not look up."Hey," Harry prompted gently, tilting his head up. "I am not Tom. You won't have to fight for a place by my side. You're in, like Ron and Hermione, … well, not exactly like them, more like Blaise and Neville.""Neville … Longbottom?""Yes, Neville Longbottom.""Why?""Because he is a member of a light family. His grandmother has influence ….""I thought you didn't judge by what people could do for you.""He's my friend, and he asked." Harry finished smiling. "Draco, I'm not a charity. Tom wronged you by playing games we knew you couldn't win. To make it up to you, I gave you an out. When it comes to my friends, they all have their uses. Some of them follow me. Some of them only get along.""Like whom?"Tilting his head, the Gryffindor challenged, "Use your head."After a few minutes, Draco burst out, "Looney Lovegood!""Don't call her that!" Harry snarled.Swallowing at the tone change, the Slytherin hesitated for a moment before he gave an imperceptible nod. "I apologise.""It's not me you need to apologise to. You didn't insult me.""I will … remember that."Sighing, Harry rubbed the back of his neck. "Look. Talk to Severus. I think he knows both of us well enough to help you along."Nodding, Draco let sand trickle through his fingers. Not looking up, he inquired, "Can I ask you something? Something personal?""Of course.""Really?" The boy looked up, surprised."Of course, why shouldn't you?" Chuckling, the other reminded him, "In the end, it's up to me if I answer, right?""Are you … I'm sorry for what I said on Tuesday. About you and Severus.""That's not a question." Watching the other fidget on the blanket, Harry took pity on him. "No, Severus and I are not sleeping together. He's still my professor, and I am underage."Swallowing, Draco whispered, "That's not the answer ….""It's the only answer you'll get until I either come of age or Severus makes a different choice. But even then, stay out of my sex life!"With burning ears, the Slytherin avoided Harry's eyes.
The teenagers jumped a little when an elf popped up between them, a huge picnic basket hovering behind her. "Master Tom as decided that you are not to skip a meal, just because you are 'playing in the sand'." She snapped her fingers and the shading Hermione had transfigured expanded to twice its size. Out of the basked flew a checkered picnic blanket, plates, glasses, juice and water bottles, cold meat, bread, fruit, and cheese.Laughing, Harry decided, "This is enough to feed an army, Belladonna. We'll never be able to eat it all.""Of course, I included the guests. Even stragglers Daisy only told me about an hour ago.""That looks amazing, thank you, Belladonna," Hermione called out, her parents following her and Ron down the beach. "Harry, Draco, look who we've found."Smiling, Jennifer held out her hand, "You must be Draco. Hermione told me about you. You are from Slytherin House, right? She said your family dates back several generations. I'm Jennifer Granger, a muggle teeth doctor. It's a pleasure to meet you."Slightly overwhelmed, Draco rose and kissed the offered hand, "Draco Malfoy, it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mrs. Granger. Mr. Granger?" He bowed towards the man by her side, desperately hoping he hadn't made a faux pas."Stephen," the man laughed, shaking Draco's hand. "And the pleasure is ours. We get too little chance to meet any of Hermione's friends from Hogwarts.""Will you join us for lunch?" Harry inquired, pulling back so the guests could choose their seats."That would be amazing, Harry. We kind of forgot the time, and it's so beautiful here. It was really a lucky coincidence that we ran in Ron and Hermione."Looking at his best friend, who seemed either to suffer from a massive sunburn or flaming cheeks, Harry merely grinned and didn't say anything. Draco, clearly overwhelmed by these muggles' open and friendly demeanour, just sat down beside and kept his head down. He could not help but feel a little jealous when listening to the Granger family, laughing and teasing each other. His parents would never be so open and affectionate with him in public; they rarely were in private these days. Harry, however, caressing the back of his neck whenever he tensed and offered smiles whenever he looked. Maybe being with these people would not be as much of a fight as he had thought. Harry Potter certainly seemed willing to give him a chance. He would not mess this up. Draco was determined. He was more than his father's son! He would make his family proud by making a name for himself."So, Draco, Hermione has explained that the so-called pure-bloods in your world can backdate their families for centuries." Stephen Granger drew his attention. "Genealogy has always been a hobby of mine. Would you care to tell me how you manage to keep track of your family tree?""Of course," the Slytherin smiled, grateful for a familiar topic, "You see, in every house, there is a special room dedicated to …."'Thank you,' Harry thought.'I didn't do anything,' Ron shrugged, though he was smiling.Leaning against her boyfriend, Hermione nudged him affectionately. 'You mentioned Harry's family tree. You knew dad would pick up that topic, and if there's one thing Draco can go on and on for hours about, it's his family.''We'll make him fit in,' Harry was convinced. 'I think if we can take away the pressure his family has constantly put on him, he can shine.''Pressure makes diamonds,' Hermione cautioned.'Or grinds coals to dust. We'll see which way Malfoy turns.' Ron shrugged. 'But I think we can get your little kitten to become a fearsome dragon one day.''Kitten?''Please, mate, from the way he curled up on your lap after the marking, had he purred, I would have been convinced he was turning into a cat.''Stop!' Hermione called out, laughing. 'I so don't need that picture in my head. Leave Harry and his Slytherins alone. He's got them well in hand.''If you say so, love,' Ron grinned, kissing her head.Harry smiled proudly at Draco, who conversed with the muggles, both interested and respectful. 'I know so.'
They did build a sandcastle after lunch. Naturally, Hermione instructed the boys on how much water was needed and how to build the towers. It was standing quite tall in the end. Draco was laughing and running after them when Ron stole the little flag he had transfigured from a seashell. They tripped over each other and into the water. None of them cared. When Harry came at them from the ocean, dunking them both, he just retaliated, as joyous and carefree as the trio had never seen him. When he joined them in the evening, trousers rolled up and shoes in hand, he looked like every other 17-year-old should during his holidays. Yet when Peverell Hall came into view, he hesitated."Maybe, I should …."Having gestured for Ron and Hermione to join her parents ahead, Harry turned towards his latest follower, "Draco, this is what will happen, one way or the other:"In a minute, I will invite you into my home. You will join me and take a shower and then dress appropriately for dinner. We will have a nice meal with my family, where Severus can convince himself that you are not only eating but taking your nutritious potion. Otherwise, he will bitch about it all evening, and I had a great day and don't want to subject myself to that. Got me?""Yes, Harry."Messing up the blond's hair, ignoring his indignant hissing, the Gryffindor grinned, "Good boy.""I'm not a dog!""Of course not, kitten.""I …""Will your parents be expecting you?" Harry cut him off again.Pressing his lips together, Draco shook his head. "Father said … and mother wanted … I … no, I don't think they are expecting me home anytime soon.""Draco," more serious now, the young man guided his fellow student to the terrasse and offered a chair. "What exactly are your parents expecting you to do today?""Convincing, manipulating, seducing … anything that’s necessary for me to be accepted as your follower.""Fuck," Harry whispered, rubbing his eyes. "Are you even gay?""I … am what is expected of me." The pureblood replied woodenly."So, no."Flinching, Draco whispered, "It would be my honour to ….""Stop!" Harry shouted, then repeated quieter, "please, for everything sacred, stop, Draco.""I do not appreciate shouting outside of my office!" A cold voice from behind them startled the two boys. The Slytherin instantly curled his shoulders, making himself as unobtrusive as possible.Harry merely gestured at him, "Convince, manipulate, seduce! Exactly how far have you trained your followers to go with you?""As far as the situation requires," Tom replied evenly, joining the boys on the patio.Outraged, the teenager accused, "You expected them to use sex as a means to an end?""Sex is always a means to an end. If it's personal satisfaction or personal gain matters little given the circumstances." The Dark Lord replied evenly. "Or are you still convinced of such stupid notions as stars aligning in the sky and birds singing outside of your window when you finally manage to entice Severus into your bed?"Narrowing his eyes, Harry hissed, "Stop being a bastard about this!" He ignored Draco's wordless choke and continued angrily, "Are you really expecting your followers to seduce you, to gain your favour?""Or course not, I have little interest in sex as it is. But I expect them to use seduction as the weapon it can be. We plan on overthrowing our entire way of living and creating new pathways into a better future. I expect all of my followers, as well as my equal!" he emphasised, "to use all means at their disposal to achieve that.""I will certainly not have sex with someone to convince him of my ideas!" The teenager stated indignantly."You are so adorable at times, *my Horcrux*," Tom chuckled. "Did it occur to you that sex might simply be not on the list of means available to you?""What?""Harry, seduction and sex are two very different things. Though, I understand that from your point of view, one inevitably leads to the other. For us adults, that's not necessarily the case. Certainly not for Bella or Narcissa or any of the other pureblood women in our circle. They can seduce and cajole with but tissue or fan. I'll show you during the next ball." Rising, the Lord admonished, "Now, gentlemen, I would appreciate you toning down your discussion. You don't want to experience me at a dinner table when my day's work isn't done.""Yes, my Lord," Harry grinned up to him and narrowly escaped the swat Tom offered. Then he turned back towards Draco. "Apparently, I am unbearably naïve when it comes to the rules of our society. However, I would be tremendously grateful if you could take the idea of seducing me and shoving it far, far back into the darkest corner of your mind. Please and Thank you.""Yes, my Lord," Draco replied in the same tone Harry had just used on Tom.The other merely chuckled and rose as well. "Now you're getting it. Come on, I'll find out where your room is, so you can shower and change. Do you have an elf that can bring you some of your clothes, or should we send one of mine?"Detailing the framework of Draco's stay at Peverell Hall for the foreseeable future, they slipped into the cool halls of the Manor, relaxing after a taxing day.
"All I'm saying is that I don't like it," Harry mumbled, stocking up one of the shelves at Weasley Wizarding Wheeze. The twins had a study session with Severus, and one of their employees was down with wizarding flue. So, Ron and Harry had offered to help out. Friday afternoons were always busy, so they had had little time for conversation. Fortunately, Lee Gordan was the regular employee on duty. The Gryffindor knew the shop inside out and Harry and Ron well enough to direct them efficiently. Since there was a lull in customers, Ron and Harry could talk."It's probably nothing. You know how Blaise's mother is. Maybe it's the season in Italy, and she drags him from one ball to the other, hoping for a nice Italian witch to entice him. And in the evenings, he's just too beat to write."Snatching another piece of the pastries Belladonna had prepared at his request, he was still hungry despite the sandwich he had had with tea not an hour before, Harry shook his head. "I've invited him for my birthday. He should at least have rsvp'd." Another pastry. Still hungry. For the last week, Harry felt like he was eating day in and day out. He had increased his workout routine and still gained three pounds. Tom had mocked him and then jinxed him for becoming too slow. An experience he did not want to repeat. He eyed the canary creams. They looked delicious. Snatching the apple Ron threw at him, he bit into the crunchy skin."You know better than to eat anything in here, mate." His best friend admonished. "Fred and George should be back within the hour. Then we can have dinner.""Fine," Harry mumbled, polishing off his apple in record time. He didn't know what was wrong with him. He had never been this hungry in the past. Now he felt like his body was eating him from the inside, and the sensation wouldn't be ignored. Maybe he should ask Narcissa for an indebt diagnostic. On the other hand, he dreaded healers. They always wanted to confine him to a bed and keep him over night.He toppled over the moment Fred and George came through the door. Holding his cramping stomach, only Ron's swift reaction kept him from faceplanting into a display. Maybe he had overeaten? No, he was still hungry, famished, in fact. "Harry, mate, talk to me!" Ron's words were annoying. They kept him from thinking. The pain kept him from thinking. Something was wrong, and he needed to clear his mind for just a second to find out what it was. He was sure of it.The conversation around him was like a fly, buzzing around his head, distracting, infuriating even. His best friend's harsh command made it through, "You will get Tom here right now, or I will tell mum about your latest experiments with her brownie recipe!"Wow, that was mean. Why was Ron so mean all of a sudden? Harry chuckled while moaning at the same time. His best friend had a backbone of steel when the situation called for it. He just decided to be a pushover most of the time. "Because I love her," Ron stated quietly. Had he said that out loud? "Harry, you need to concentrate. I don't think this pain comes from you. But I can't get into your head."He was carried somewhere. It was warmer, calmer. He liked it. Now, if the cramping would just stop, he could surely discover what was going on."You can do that now, Harry," Tom hovered over him, demanding his attention. Red eyes dug into emerald ones. "These are not your emotions. Concentrate, occlude, shut them out. Otherwise, we will never find out which one of your followers needs help."Followers? "Sevrus!""I'm right here." The Potion Master leaned over, taking his hand. "I sent Mr. Weasley to Malfoy Manor to make sure Draco's okay.""Can't," Harry sobbed. "Hurts!""Yes, you can," the Dark Lord insisted, taking Harry's other hand, turning his head to regain his concentration. "You've done it before. Come on, Harry, look at me. We'll do it together."For a heartbeat, they sank into each other's eyes until Harry shot up from the sofa. Dumbledore's wand snapped into his hand. Somehow the damning piece of wood had proven quite headstrong, unwilling to be set aside. And whenever Harry was feeling particularly angry or vindictive, it jumped at the occasion. The wand was powerful, so the teenager did not care. Not right now when "It's Blaise. He's starving. She locked him up. He tried to reach me, that's why I've been so hungry. That bitch, of a mother, would rather starve her own son than allow him to join me."Stepping back, the Dark Lord smiled at the dark emotions his equal emanated. Silkily he asked, "And what do you plan on doing about that?""Get him!""Italy is a long way out." Severus cautioned.But Harry shook his head, "Not for all of us together." Then he threw open the barriers in his mind, suppressing only his link to Blaise to not be incapacitated again. Severus was a burning fire, Tom a roaring inferno, Ron and Hermione gave him everything they had. Even Draco and Neville opened themselves for a power transfer. This would drain all of them but leaving Blaise to starve was not an option. Concentrating on his farthest follower, Harry took a deliberate step and apparated to Italy.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    They came around in a dark cellar. While Severus cast a Lumos, Harry vomited all over the floor."Charming," Tom drawled, vanishing the mess."Sorry," Harry whispered weakly. "Apparating on a full stomach is never a good idea for me."Rolling his eyes, Severus offered an enlarged vial, full of water. Rinsing his mouth, drinking a small sip, the Gryffindor looked around, "Where are we?""The dungeons of Zabini Mansion, I presume. Can you tell where your follower is?"Closing his eyes, Harry turned on his axis. Then he lifted his wand, "Bombarda!" A heavy wooden door exploded into splinters. "There," the young man calmly stepped over the mess.Inside of the cell was a bed draped with white silk. In the middle was Blaise, shivering, muttering to himself, rubbing his own arms. Food and water stood at a table. Neither had been touched. "Hey, sweetheart," Harry whispered, sitting down on the bed, caressing his boyfriend's cheeks.He had not expected the violent reaction when the other shoved him off the bed, hissing furiously, "Stop it, mother, I … I told you I'd rather starve than … than … Please, just stop it!" Tears welled up as he sobbed and curled into himself. The rubbing of his arms turned frantic."Let me," Severus started, but Harry growled, "Stay away from him!" before kneeling beside the bed.Forcefully, he gripped the other boy's hair and pulled his head back, so Blaise was forced to face him. Then he leaned closer and whispered, "You will open your eyes now, little snake. Or you won't like what I do to you.""Harry?" Blaise breathed. Desperately hopeful, he opened his eyes. When recognising his master, he immediately toppled from the bed, straight into the young man's lap. He clung to Harry like a baby-koala. "I knew … I knew you would come. I've been so good. I didn't fuck anyone you hadn't approved. I'm famished, but I was good, I swear.""I know you were," Harry assured tenderly, scratching the Italian's head. "Sorry, it took me so long." Rising, the young lion settled on the bed, Blaise still in his lap. The Slytherin seemed fragile, like a stiff wind could blow him over. Harry was not even sure his legs would carry him, much less than his body being able to handle the apparition. "We need to get out of here, but I don't think Blaise can apparate.""Why don't you feed him?" The Dark Lord wanted to know."Because to amplify sexual energy, there has to be something there."Tilting his head, Severus suggested, "Let us find a floo."Lord Voldemort looked around the corridor, then headed off in one direction."How does he know where we need to go?" Harry wanted to know, struggling a little while rising but eventually making it out of the cell with Blaise in his arms."I can take him," Severus suggested, but his master growled once more. He raised his hands in a placating gesture. "After you."Wordlessly, the Dark Lord blasted his way out of the cellar. Any servants they encountered scrambled away until Tom used a body binder on one before asking overly polite about the location of their floo connection, "Dove si trova il vostro metropolvere?"The trembling men looked towards a salon before closing his eyes against the fearsome-looking trio. Ostrich effect? Harry would never close his eyes when facing an enemy."How dare you?" The Lady Zabini came at them like a banshee as soon as they entered the room in question. However, she was no match for Lord Voldemort and a former Death Eater. Once the very short fight was over, and the Lady stood wandless and mute before them, Harry stated calmly, "If you dare to lay a finger on your son ever again, I will destroy you." Then he looked at his follower, who was still clutching his shirt compulsively, not having left the safety of his arms, even when they had exited the cellar. "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he whispered, but Blaise shook his head, burrowing into his neck. "Don't be."Smiling viciously, Harry let the foreign wand jump into his hand. "Crucio." Though her son hid his face, he did not ask for lenience. After full two minutes, the young man ended the spell. "Have I made myself clear?"The twitching Lady Zabini shuffled back until her back hit a wall and nodded anxiously. If she would dare to cross him again. If she touched his precious little snake, it remains to be seen. However, the Dark Lord's equal felt like he had gotten his point across.
Only, thanks to Tom and Severus's assistance, did Harry not faceplant with Blaise once they stepped out of the floo at Peverell Hall. Looking around, he laid his Slytherin out on a sofa. The young Gryffindor anxiously inspected him for injuries. But Blaise's body was unharmed, emaciated, but unblemished. "I … he needs to eat, but … we're not … bloody hell. What should I do?""Step aside, for starters," Narcissa Malfoy advised, gracefully leaving the floo. Ron and Draco followed hot on her heels. When Harry inched back, Blaise immediately became agitated, grasping for him. "You can touch him, but stay at a distance," the Lady Malfoy advised. Then she started to weave an elaborate diagnostic charm."What's wrong with him?" Ron wanted to know."He's starving," Harry mumbled. "That's why I was hungry all week.""So, I'll head for the kitchens?"Without looking away from his friend, Draco slapped the back of Ron's head. It was a testament to how much they had grown used to each other that Ron merely hissed. "He needs sex, not food.""Oh," the redhead stated, then he turned on the spot."Where's Hermione?" The other Slytherin wanted to know, stepping closer but careful not to get in his mother's way."France, I think. She's on holiday with her parents."Pondering, Draco suggested, "There is a brothel in Wilshire.""I have not heard that, young man," Narcissa admonished, studying the parchment her spell has produced. "And I am afraid such a small-town establishment won't be enough."Her son barely got the chance to stomach the information that his mother was knowledgeable about the size of that business when a pop of apparation startled all of them. A streak of blonde rushed past them as Luna tore through the room and threw herself at Blaise. Weakly the boy smiled, "Hey, Lady Luna, good to see you." Tenderly he brushed her blond tresses out of her face but turned away when she tried to kiss him. "Can't, love, famished.""Why are we still here?" The fae-like girl inquired. "Blaise needs energy. You won't find enough in this Manor.""We know, Luna," Harry agreed, "but we don't know where to go."Confused, the girl tilted her head, "There are countless gentlemen clubs in Liverpool, Manchester or if you are willing to go that far, London.""Luna, Blaise needs sex," Ron reminded her, "a club won't cut it.""No," Harry realised and picked Blaise up again, "Luna's right, Blaise doesn't need sex. I need sexual energy to amplify. A strip club should give me enough to work with. Do you have any idea where we could go?" He turned towards Tom and Severus.Both looked slightly embarrassed but shook their heads. A grinning Barty piped up from the side, "I think I know just the place." Nobody had noticed him coming in, but since the Death Eater had an uncanny knack to appear wherever his master was, nobody questioned it. Approaching the flames again, Barty wove a glamour over himself, making him look like his father, "Give me a minute, then come through." Throwing in the floo powder, he called out, "Whites Club, London."
It was midnight when Harry finally closed the door to Blaise's room. The Italian was glowing again, and he and Luna had decided to enjoy a bubble bath before bed. The relief the young man felt from having his follower under his roof again was enough to leave him trembling.He sank to the floor in front of the fireplace of Tom's office. A few minutes later, he gratefully accepted the fire-whiskey Severus held out, barely coughing after the first sip. The Head of Slytherin House had not been willing to return home before he was convinced that his snake was on the way to recovery. Harry was grateful and leaned against his legs."You were positively vicious today, casting an unforgivable for so long," Tom stated calmly from the other armchair. "I was not sure you had it in you. I'm proud of you, *my Horcrux*.""Thanks," Harry smiled. He was thrilled to hear the compliment. In the past, words of approval had been sparse, and even now, his equal only offered praise when he had outdone himself. However, Harry was so exhausted, he wasn't even sure he could make it to his room. So, the feeling was somehow dampened."You will go to bed now," the older wizard then decided, "I won't have you sleep in front of my fireplace."Chuckling weakly, the teenager nodded, "Yes, my Lord." He managed to get to his feet, but only because Severus stabilised him.When they had made it up the two flights of stairs and reached Harry's room, the young man reached out, begging quietly, "Stay.""Harry, I can't.""Not for … something like that. Just to sleep, please."Severus wanted to curse his own weakness, but after the emotional rollercoaster of the day, he could admit that he too did not want to be alone. So, he nodded and followed Harry into his room. When they lay in bed together, he inquired, "May I ask a question?""Of course," Harry mumbled, half asleep."You call Draco: 'kyten', what does that mean?"Chuckling, the young man corrected, "It's *kitten*. Ron said that he looked like a kitten, curled up in my lap after his marking. So, I started calling him that. But since our proud Malfoy heir would have a conniption if he knew, I use parseltongue.""Harry?""Yes?"Tentative, as if unsure if he really wanted to ask that question, Severus inquired, "What does *Horcrux* mean?"Smiling softly, Harry looked up at Severus. "The best translation would be 'Container that carries a piece of my self'. Tom calls me soulmate."
Draco, who had insisted on staying so he could make sure that his friend was on his way to recovery, was startled out of his morning routine when someone started knocking his door down. Hastily tying his dressing gown, he called out, "I'm coming, by Merlin, calm down." He knew it could not be Harry since his … well, his Lord would knock once and then enter. The elves popped in and out without a word. Suspicious, he held his wand behind his back when opening. Draco had not expected Blaise to stand outside, gaping at him. His friend looked … well, actually, he looked amazing. Yesterday, it had seemed that the Italian boy was two seconds away from dying of starvation. Now he was still somewhat on the slim side but positively glowing. "Good morning, are you …."He was interrupted when the boy barged into his room and tore open his gown, taking in his tattoo with wide eyes. "He really marked you."Unsure if this was approval or anger, Draco stepped back, closing his robe again. "I convinced him that I could be an asset."Chuckling, Blaise stepped up to him, "That's not how it works with Harry, and we both know it." When neither said a word, the Italian pulled the other pureblood into a bone-crushing hug. "Bloody hell, Draco, I'm so glad that you're finally here. I was worried sick last year because I couldn't help you."This was … entirely undignified. Still, the Slytherin could not help but close his arms around his friend, holding tight. "It's okay, it's over now. It was … I was … I think I made the right choice.""What do you mean?" Stepping back, he nudged Draco back towards the bathroom since he knew how his housemate could be when not looking his best. Blaise draped over the bed, where he could see his friend.Returning to his shaving potion, the other shrugged, "He gave me an out. The Dark Lord was … Potter said that he was toying with me and that it was wrong. So, he offered me a chance to just leave, not to choose a side and step away entirely.""I bet your mother favoured that option," the young man on the bed pondered."She did," the Malfoy heir admitted. "But then…" Draco sighed, washing the cream off his face."Then what?""I didn't want to leave and hide.""Because your father would disapprove?""No," the young pureblood shook his head, "I think because I would disapprove. If I'm not content with how our world works, how can I not step up and do something about it?""Harry's not all about eradicating muggles.""Yes, he is!""Draco," Blaise stated quietly, "What exactly did Harry tell you to make him join you?"Choosing an attire for the day, Draco shook his head, "Eradicating as in 'cutting out of our society'. I've talked to him and to … to the Dark Lord, and - strange enough - to the Grangers. Granger's dad has this interest in genetics and genealogy, and he said that a population will become stagnant if they procreate only from a limited pool of options. And I mean, … it kind of makes sense, because look at my mother, she had two miscarriages before I was born. And Aunt Bella couldn't even conceive and then look at Aunt Andromeda, who produced a metamorphmagus with a muggleborn. Greg and Vincent are …""… not the brightest candles on the candelabra.""And then," Draco sighed, "and then look at Potter and Granger.""Wow, did it hurt to say that?" Blaise chuckled, barely avoiding the towel thrown at him."No, actually, I … we've ignored the truth for so long, but I think in our obsession with blood purity, we are slowly working towards our own demise. Harry wants to introduce new blood as soon as possible, take children from their families at the first sign of magic. I don't think he's all that clear on the details yet, but generally, every witch or wizard should look for a partner he or she has no relations to for at least three generations back.""That pretty much removes all of the sacred twenty-eight families from the equation.""Yes, and because Potter and the Dark Lord want to strengthen our genetic pool and our society, taking the children away, raising them in the wizarding world would be the best solution."Nodding, Blaise recalled what Harry had told him about the dangers muggles could pose. "But if we separate our worlds, how can we keep up to date on current developments. How can we protect us when the muggles come spying?""I think, …" Draco stopped from buttoning his shirt and pondered, "Maybe with excursions into the muggle world? Maybe families of 'older' witches would join our society when their children do? I … don't know. I haven't asked yet."Smiling, the Italian boy held out his arm, "You know, what, we have time to think about that. And now that we're on the same side again, I'm sure we can come up with something.""Something our parents haven’t thought of?"Blaise's eyes clouded over when 'parents' were mentioned. But at Draco's inquisitive gaze, he merely shook his head. He would come to terms with what his mother had tried to do and what Harry had done in retaliation. But today, for the first time since school had finished, he felt good and eager to do something. So, he guided Draco to breakfast, rolling his eyes, "Let's be honest, our parents are still stuck on this 'blood purity' nonsense. If we want a solution, we have to come up with one on our own."Smiling, his friend nodded, "We're Slytherins. With cunning and ambition, we can achieve anything!"
*Tom wantsss you to join him in his officcce.* Nagini shared while slithering through the garden, passing Harry, who flew long-winded loops over the grass. He had just finished his training and was now drifting, enjoying the afternoon sun and the tranquillity of their estate. Lately, it felt as if he was surrounded by people at all times. Being alone now and then was nice. Still, he slipped off his broom and headed towards the house. *Thanks, Nagini.*After a quick shower, he joined his soulmate. Yet before he could ask what was wrong, the wizard pointed at a scroll. Reading through it, Harry smiled, "Oh, I've gotten one too. Neville's birthday will be the … event of the summer … Oh." Inspecting the scroll, casting a few detection spells on it, the young man stated, "This is not a hoax.""Not as far as I can tell," Tom stated, crossing his legs, taking a sip of cold tea that had been served more than an hour ago. "What is your opinion on the matter?"Sinking into a chair, facing the desk, Harry scratched the back of his neck. "Well, Neville is officially old enough to claim the Lordship of the Longbottom family. It doesn't even matter if his father steps back or not. Inviting you will be a pretty clear statement. And since his family … well, at least his parents, know who you really are … maybe he did not tell them?""How likely is that?"Shrugging, the Gryffindor admitted, "I honestly don't know. He did keep information from them in the past because he thought they would only become agitated for no reason. But inviting the two of us, together … society will consider it his approval of you as a person, maybe even your political agenda. It depends, of course, on how Augusta votes during the next Wizengamot Session. But to his parents, it will send a pretty clear message.""So, we're going?"Hesitating for a heartbeat, Harry nodded, "I would like to write back and tell him that he is making a mistake. That he's creating a potential conflict with his family. But Neville is a day older than me. Who am I to decide what's best for him if he had clearly made his choice?""You're his Lord."The young man shook his head, "First and foremost, I'm his friend. And as a friend, I'm bound to support his decisions.""And that they work to our advantage has nothing to do with your reluctance to advice caution?" The Dark Lord smirked."Well, who's to say those two things can't go hand in hand?"
 
  
    Chapter Text
    The invitation had said: 4 p.m. on Wednesday, July 30th. The garden, however, was already crowded when Harry and Tom arrived. Ron and Hermione were mingling. They had shared that the party had started around three. Still, their invitation had specified four. Hence the late arrival.
Now, the pair exited the Manor, stepping out on the terrace that overlooked the blooming gardens. Many threw them a passing glance but were not overly interested. That changed when Neville stepped up to them. His parents were already approaching from the side as Neville nodded his head respectfully, "Lord Peverell, thank you for accepting my invitation. It's an honour to have you here."
Mirroring the gesture exactly, Tom replied with a charming smile, "The honour is all mine, heir Longbottom. Allow me to wish you a Happy Birthday. May Lady Magic always stand behind your shoulder as you make all your wishes and dreams come true."
"Thank you, Lord Peverell."
Then the young heir turned towards Harry and bowed low and respectful. "Thank you for accepting my invitation. It's an honour to have you here, my Lord."
The gasp was audible, but Neville did not waver. Instead, he straightened and looked his Master right in the amused eyes. Reaching out, covering the tattoo with a warm hand, squeezing it slightly, Harry nodded, "The honour is mine, heir Longbottom. Have a Happy Birthday. May your flowers bloom and your tares wither." Harry laughed and pulled Neville into his arms after a traditional greeting, whispering into his ears, "Bastard!"
  After a few heartbeats, his fellow Gryffindor pulled back, shaking his head, "I'm done being afraid, Harry. No more hiding."
Hesitating only for a second, the young man nodded, "No more hiding."
When they headed towards the garden, Neville claiming a position behind Harry's shoulder, Frank Longbottom stepped into their path. He looked stern, regal even. There had been times in the past when Harry had admired Lucius Malfoy for his poise and composure. But now he realised that the Malfoy patriarch had nothing on the Longbottom Lord. One year of recovery had not been enough to erase all traces of a decade in a coma, but the man effortless extruded an authority you had to recognise. Not because he was loud or demanding, but because he wasn't. Now a disapproving frown was directed towards Neville. "We will talk about this, young man. This may be your 17th birthday, but that does not give you a jester's license."
Contrary to Harry's expectations, the young heir did not back down. Instead, he met his father's eyes and stated calmly, "That's good because I did not speak in jest. We both know how easily Harry's fate could have been mine. He had his path chosen for him sixteen years ago, up until the summer before last. Then he made a choice, not between good and evil but between survival and demise, not only for him but all of us. Today I have made mine. I love you, father, and you, mother, more than you will ever know. But while we can talk about it, the choice has been made, and nothing you say or do will ever change that."
"You …!"
"Frank," Alice Longbottom put a steady hand on her husband's shoulder, silencing him instantly.
Turning around incredulously, he inquired, "You can't be seriously okay with this."
That question brought a smile to Alice's face. It was like the sun was rising. "It does not matter what I think. Neville won't change his mind."
"How can you say that?"
"Because he's very much like his father, my love. Once he's convinced that what he does is right, he won't deviate from his path. Our son has become a man today. So, all we can hope is that his decisions will turn out more fortunate than ours, all those years ago."
Trying to ease the family, Harry stepped forth and kissed her hand. "Lady Longbottom, let me assure you that your son will have every protection I can give him until the day I die." Then, glancing towards Tom, he smiled, "And maybe even beyond. If it's in my power to prevent it, nothing bad will happen to him."
Frank reared up again, "But maybe it won't be in your power to prevent it."
"That's true," Hermione shared. She and Ron had approached them and surrounded their fellow Gryffindors. He continued, "But Harry won't be alone. He will have Hermione and me."
"And me," 'Lord Peverell' stepped behind the teenagers and looked at the Longbottoms. His face was amiable, and his glamours hid his red eyes. Still, the Longbottoms didn't look convinced. "Maybe it is time that the adults have a conversation while the teenagers enjoy their party." He gestured towards the seating arrangements on the terrace. They were shaded but in plain view.
Looking first at his son and then towards his wife, who nodded ever so slightly, Lord Longbottom relaxed and made an inviting gesture. "Maybe that is long overdue. What can I get you to drink, Lord … Peverell."
"Iced Tea would be appreciated." The Dark Lord followed the purebloods.
"Do you really think that was a good idea?" Harry pondered, looking after Tom and Neville's parents.
"No," his friend admitted. "But I have tried so hard for grandmother to be something I'm not. I don't want to do it for my parents. You are making the right choices, creating the right path. I know that in my heart, Harry. Maybe that's a mistake. Maybe you're our salvation like that stupid prophecy says. But one thing is certain: you can't do it alone. So, I'll stand by your side. No matter what."
Clapping him on the shoulder, Ron assured, "Your parents will come around because one: Tom can be compelling and two: they love you more than anything. In the end, that's the only thing that matters."

"How did it go?" Harry wanted to know when he and Tom departed.
"The Longbottoms are going to join us for tea the day after tomorrow." The Dark Lord stated smugly.
The teenager gapped with an open mouth, "Are you serious?"
A contemplative nod. "No, but it might be a good idea to invite him as well."
"That was a pun. Did you just make a pun?" When the other did not react, Harry scrambled after him. "Tom …!"

A few minutes to midnight, Harry was pacing his room. He had expected Lily to call him to the kitchen by now. But instead of a house-elf, Barty knocked on the door. The Death Eater merely held out his hand, and the teenager followed with a smile. "Take your cloak and master's ring and the wand from Dumbledore."
"Why?"
"Because Master said so."
Rolling his eyes because, despite all his genius, an order from Tom would always be enough for Barty, the young man scrambled for his things and then briefly hesitated when Hedwig flew up from her perch and settled on his shoulder. They wandered the Manor heading for the back terrasse. From there, Harry could see everyone standing around the ritual circle. Eyes going wide, he rushed down the stairs, claiming the place in the middle, where Tom gestured towards it. Tears welled up in his eyes because this was the first birthday, where every member of his family was present.
Tom had claimed the cardinal point, Barty on one side, Severus on the other. Next to Severus were Ron and Hermione, who were beaming at him. Harry's eyes widened when he saw the witch, who ought to be in France for all he knew. But she only smiled and shook her head as if to say: as if I would miss your birthday. Beside Hermione stood Blaise and Luna. Then Draco and surprisingly Neville. Surprisingly there was no animosity between the lion and the snake. Both just smiled, happy to be here. And finally, Remus and Sirius.
Twelve witches and wizards to celebrate his birthday. Tom's warm voice filled the night. "When you are a child, you talk like a child, you think like a child, you reason like a child. You have not been a child, Harry, since you were fifteen months old. That was my doing, and I regret it. Today you become a man. You put the ways of your childhood behind you. Until now, we only saw a reflection in the mirror of the great man you can become. As of tonight, we shall see him face to face. And what a powerful face that will be! "
"No more hiding," Neville repeated his words from a few hours ago, and Harry looked at him and at Tom and at all the others who had come to guide him over the threshold from boy to man, tears rolling down his cheeks. He nodded and croaked. "No more hiding. From now on, we'll take our world in a storm!"
Twelve witches and wizards replied in one voice, a solemn vow. "So mote it be!"
Then Sirius was upon him, laughing and hugging him. "Happy Birthday, Harry."
Next was Lupin, though he was far more subdued. After his birthday wishes, he hugged Harry as well and whispered into his ears, "Your parents would be so proud."
Neville, Luna and all the others mirrored the gesture until the young man stood before his soulmate yet again. The older wizard looked at him with so much love and affection that it took Harry's breath away. New tears welled up in his eyes as he hugged his surrogate guardian. The Dark Lord mirrored the gesture easily. Choking, he whispered, "Thank you, Tom. You don't know what this means to me."
Stepping back, caressing the young man's cheek with unexpected tenderness, Tom Marvolo Riddle, the boy raised in an orphanage who had aspired to be the leader of the British Wizarding World, assured him, "Yes, Harry, I do." Then he kissed his equal's forehead and stepped back.

Harry was leafing through a little children's book with unexpectedly dark drawings. He wondered how wizarding children slept with such stories for bedtimes. Though, Hänsel and Gretel, where the witch was pushed into the oven to burn alive, wasn't much better. They were sitting on the patio, house-elves littered between them, much to Draco's surprise, but the pureblood hadn't said anything when Rhodes had claimed a seat by his side. The cake was - as always - delicious and big enough for everyone to share, elves included.
"Tom, why did you want me to wear my cloak and ring and Dumbledore's wand?"
"I didn't," the Dark Lord replied. "Miss Lovegood suggested it."
Surprised, both Barty and Harry turned in her direction. Tom shrugged, but Luna gestured towards the book Hermione had given him, "Read, Harry. This is going to be important." When he thumbed back to the first page and began reading, she giggled, "Out loud!"


  
    "There were once three brothers who were travelling along a lonely, winding road at twilight. In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure.
  
  
    And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of three new victims, for travellers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic and said that each had earned a prize for being clever enough to evade him.
  
  
    The oldest brother, a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on the river banks, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother.
  
  
    Then the second brother, an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So death picked up a stone from the riverbank, gave it to the second brother, and told him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead.
  
  
    And then Death asked the third and youngest brother what he would like. The youngest brother was the humblest and the wisest of the three, and he did not trust Death. So he asked for something that would enable him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And death, most unwillingly, handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility.
  
  
    Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue their way, and they did so, talking with wonder of the adventure they had had and admiring Death’s gifts. Then, in due course, the brothers separated, each for his own destination.
  
  
    The first brother travelled on for a week or more and, reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving his enemy dead upon the floor, the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he boasted loudly of the powerful wand he had snatched from Death himself, and of how it made him invincible.
  
  
    That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as he lay, wine-sodden, upon his bed. The thief took the wand and, for good measure, slit the oldest brother’s throat.
  
  
    And so, Death took the first brother for his own.
  
  
    Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead and turned it thrice in his hand. Then, to his amazement and his delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry, before her untimely death, appeared at once before him.
  
  
    Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by a veil. Though she had returned to the mortal world, she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally, the second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed himself so as truly to join her.
  
  
    And so, Death took the second brother for his own.
  
  
    But though Death searched for the third brother for many years, he could never find him. So it was only when he had attained a great age that the youngest brother finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and gave it to his son. And then he greeted Death as an old friend, and went with him gladly, as equals, they departed this life."
  
Looking up from the book with a frown, Harry admitted, "I don't understand."
Luna smiled, "Not now, but you will. And when you do, it will make all the difference."

When they headed to bed, Harry reached for Severus' sleeve. "Don't go," he whispered.
Looking towards his own room and then at the young man, the older wizard squeezed his eyes shut. "I can't … Harry."
"But I'm of age now."
"I am still your teacher." Looking at the teenager, Severus pulled him close, breathing in the night air that clung to his hair. "Please, understand."
"I do," Harry mumbled, mirroring the embrace. "But still, come, just to sleep. I'll even call Lily for your pyjamas, alright? It's my birthday …."
"You are not playing fair."
Grinning, the young man opened the door and coaxed the other through, "Never said I would. Tom has taught me too well for that."
Admitting defeat, the Potion Master followed. "That he has." In the end, there was no choice after all. Whatever Harry wanted, his first advisor would give. Gladly! The fact that it was his birthday mattered little. Still, he enjoyed the night with the man he loved, even when it got harder and harder to remember why he could not take what he so desperately craved. Severus had to compose himself. The last thing he could hold on to was his morals, and he was not ready to abandon them for Harry's sake.
Not yet.

Harry's birthday, everybody had agreed, would be the highlight of the summer. The 'Boy who Lived' was coming of age. Many had speculated about Lord Peverell, who shared the young man's home. Of course, there was suspicion and whispers of the older wizard taking advantage. Yet, since Tom had established his persona in the Wizengamot as a foreign wizard who – as a coincidence – shared Harry Potter's ancestry but tried to make the land of his birth a better place, nobody could bring up any complaints. Especially since Harry appeared well-taken care of and happy.
Since neither Tom nor Harry were overly fond of people sniffing around in their home, they had decided on a garden party and given Rhodes and Daisy free reign over the decorations. Hence, the garden looked as if a fairy colony had exploded all over it. There were streamers, fairy lights, lampions, candles on every available surface, and some surfaces that had been created just for them. Each guest received a pin that would circle their robes through the chosen colour scheme: emerald, burgundy, and dark gold. The only colours Tom would approve, though he refused to wear a pin on his own. He had, however, agreed to choose a summer robe of light grey with green trimmings. Severus shared that opinion. The Potion Master wore Burgundy lapels to suit the theme. It looked rather flattering with his fair skin and dark eyes. Kind of a Snow-white vibe, but Harry was dead set on never ever mentioning that. He could imagine the hexes his potion Master would throw at him if he compared him to a fairy tale princess.
Receiving all guests had become tedious fast, and it was past five already – they had agreed to start shortly after 3 p.m. – when Harry gathered his followers to make his 'entrance'. Everyone of name and standing had come, even Professor McGonagall. Now for the statement.
They all had bickered over the robes they ought to wear. Hermione had wanted something uniform. Draco had refused to wear an actual uniform. So, he and Blaise had come up with a cut that would flatter everyone. Slight variations like short sleeves, no sleeves, knee-length or slightly flared at the hips, had been allowed. The Slytherins had chosen emerald, the Gryffindors burgundy. So, Harry took the front of their little formation with Ron and Hermione by his side. Severus and Tom claimed the places right behind him. Blaise and Draco in the third row, Neville in the middle.
Out on the terrace, the guests needed but a few moments to spot them, and conversation eased off to the occasional whisper.
"Chin up, Lord Potter, it's now or never," Severus whispered from behind, nudging him gently.
"Ladies and Gentleman," Harry started, letting his voice carry over the garden. This was his home. He was in charge. It was just like in the Room of Requirement. "Lords and Ladies. On behalf of my family and me, I would like to welcome you and thank you for attending my birthday. I hope you'll all have a good time and enjoy the festivities. I'm looking forward to spending time with each and every one of you. Have a great day."
The excited whispers started immediately, making Harry chuckle darkly and order, "Now we begin." With that, his followers began to mingle with the crowd. Only Tom and Severus remained by his side while working his way from the Slytherin families to the Gryffindor ones. The families of his followers, he would talk to last. They had agreed to give their children time to work on them. Lucius and Narcissa stood at the sides, unsure how to act. Oh, they were perfectly cordial and polite but seemed hesitant to interact with Harry and, by extension, their own son, who had just been claimed family. Augusta Longbottom apparently did not have a similar problem because the instant Neville appeared before her, she demanded, "You will introduce me to Lord Peverell officially. He and I have a lot to talk about."
Bowing respectfully, Neville offered his arm, "Yes, grandmother."
One down, twenty-seven families to go.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    "What is that?" Harry opened the scroll his soulmate had held out for him.
"An overview over those who will claim their seats in the first Wizengamot Session of the season."
"Why are you giving me this now? The session is nearly a month away."
Chuckling, Tom leaned back, "Because, once you announce your seat, the Wizengamot has four weeks to verify your claim."
"But when you came, you just took the Peverell seats. We never gave advanced notice." He recalled.
"Very good," the Dark Lord nodded, "Despite taking my seat, I did not have the right to participate in the voting. Only after four weeks, the Supreme Mugwump had to acknowledge the legitimacy of my claim and assign me my votes."
Now it was Harry's turn to chuckle darkly. "He dragged it out until the last minute, didn't he?"
Tom offered a devious smile.
"Me, with Hermione and Ron as my proxies. They have already been announced and voted in accordance to their seats' allegiance." Harry studied the information. "Neville will take over for his father. Oh, look, Fred and George managed to claim the Prewett seats. Why doesn't Arthur have a seat? The Weasleys are part of the sacred twenty-eight, aren't they?"
Shaking his head, Tom disclosed, "They broke a signed and sealed marriage contract with the Malfoy family two generations ago. Since the contract had already been confirmed, they were declared 'blood traitors'. If you can't trust someone's word and signature, you can't trust them to make decisions on behalf of the Wizarding World instead of looking for their own gain."
Frowning, Harry studied the list. Mainly it contained the names of Tom's followers. A few were those he trusted. "Could we change that?"
"I don't know," The Dark Lord pondered. "Only a few of these seats are filled with 'neutral' people. I guess we'll have to wait and see who will align with us."
Chuckling darkly, Harry handed back the scroll, "If we play our cards right, almost everyone!"

Another Friday at Weasleys Wizarding Wheeze. This was becoming a habit, but Harry didn't mind. He enjoyed working at the shop, seeing his investment grow. For all the mess they got themselves into, Fred and George were brilliant when it came to their inventions. Severus had told him that the boys should be able to take their N.E.W.T.s before the year was through. Tom had every faith that they would manage Defence against the Dark Arts as well.
Surprisingly, Tom Marvolo Riddle had turned out to be quite a good teacher. He was patient if you couldn't grasp a concept but didn't allow tardiness. His punishments were vicious if he thought you not paying attention. It kept you on edge, making your brain work twice as hard. All in all, Harry was as proud of his own progress as he was of Fred's and George's. If he was lucky, he wouldn't even have to take Defence next year. Considering that the school board still believed in the curse, there was a good chance that Severus wouldn't be assigned the post again, no matter that he had circumvented it by changing the classroom. Also, Harry had a little early present for the man, but he wouldn't reveal that until the first day of September. McGonagall knew, of course. Severus, however, had no clue. Harry was looking forward to that particular revelation.
The twins came barging in, in high spirits. Obviously, Severus had finally shared their progress and his plans for their N.E.W.T.s. After that, Hermione told Harry that they needed a solid business plan to expand the shop. Good ideas alone were not enough to cut it. Fortunately, Lee Jordan had a practical mind for these matters, and he had inhaled all the books the witch had sent over. While everyone was talking on top of each other, Harry toppled over, a sharp pain cutting through his chest.
"Harry, what is it?"
Hard to say, really. Something was tugging on his mark. But it was not like it had been with Tom and the Horcrux transmitting the Dark Lord's emotions. He had no desire to fly into a murderous rage. He was more … desperate and scared.
"Draco," Harry wheezed. "Something's wrong with Draco!" He tried to step forward, but the twins clutched his arms.
"Not so fast!" Fred produced three hats and put them on while George threw at Lee. "We'll send word if we need help. Hold the fort!"
Only then did they nod for him to apparate away. Once they landed with a stumble, they stood back-to-back. Taking in the scene, Harry growled. Draco was cowering on the floor, his aunt Bella holding his mother at wand-point, laughing maniacally. "No more games, little nephew. I'm going to get out of here, and I'm taking your dear mother with me. No more talks and drugs and the trite. I'll find my master and …."
"Expecto Patronum!" Harry shouted, grateful that the witch was startled enough by his stag to stay put. "Get Tom to Malfoy Manor. NOW!"
Fred and George used that moment of distraction to petrify both women and caught them before they hit the floor. Not the best solution, but at least Narcissa would remain unharmed. Harry meanwhile flew to Draco's side. "What happened?"
Tear tracks could be seen on the pureblood's cheeks when he rasped out, "She was talking to her psychiatrist, and then, out of the blue, she started to rage. I don't know what set her off. She … and then mother came in, and Aunt Bella took her hostage. I was so scared she would hurt mother as well."
"Hey, *kitten*, shhh, it's okay. Bella won't hurt your mum. What did she do to you?"
"Nothing," Draco tried to brush it off, whatever it had been. "I'm okay. Thank you for coming." He tried to get to his feet but swayed dangerously, so Harry pushed him back down. Then, he growled, "Don't lie to me, Draco. You won't like me if you do."
"She used the Cruciatus."
"How long?"
"I don't know," the pureblood whispered, "A few seconds."
"Nearly three minutes," Narcissa breathed wetly since George had freed her from the spell. "She cursed her own nephew until he was convulsing on the floor, hoarse from screaming."
Furiously, Harry jumped to his feet and cast, "Sectum…."
Right that moment, Tom apparated to his side and took his wand away. "What seems to be the problem?"
The teenager turned towards his soulmate, roaring, "Your precious Bella used the Cruciatus on Draco! She's completely out of her mind. I will put her down before she can hurt him again!"
Taking in the situation, the Dark Lord gestured towards the twins. "Release her."
The moment she laid her eyes on him, a bright smile lit up Bella's features. "My Lord, you came." Prostrating herself on the floor before him, she glanced at him with adoring eyes.
Sternly he demanded, "Why did you curse your nephew?"
"That's not my nephew!" She hissed like an angry cat, tilting to and fro. "All our lives, my family was devoted to you. Draco would never turn his back on you. But I heard that he has an agenda on his own. He even mentioned the Potter boy!"
Massaging the bridge of his nose, Tom sighed. "Bella, we have been over this. Harry Potter is my right hand. His words are mine and vice-versa. Draco is following him as per my wishes. He's not to be punished for that."
"Oh," the insane Death Eater seems lost. "I just wanted to get my sister out of here, to protect her from these traitors. Lucius is gone most of the time, and …" She trailed off, obviously unsure on how to continue. "I just want to serve you, Master."
"Where is her husband?"
Swallowing heavily, Narcissa shared, "Out on business. Bellatrix was supposed to be with her mind healer until seven. Then Rodolphus would pick her up."
"Will you get rid of her?" Harry inquired, agitated.
"No."
"Fine," The teenager spat out. "Draco, pack your things. You're leaving."
"What? Where?" His mother reared up, looking helpless between Harry and Voldemort.
"He'll come with me. He may visit, but only when she's not around!"
"Harry, please, I …."
"Now, Draco!" The teenager ordered harshly. "Narcissa, you may perform a diagnostic on him. Severus will have the necessary potions. You find a solution for your sister; your son may return. As long as Bella walks in and out of these walls as she pleases, I won't risk Draco's safety!" Then he turned towards Tom. "My wand, please."
"You won't harm her." The Dark Lord ordered, handing the holly wand back.
"Not today," Harry promised. Finally, he turned towards the twins. "Your help was appreciated. But I think you better leave now."
Looking at each other and then towards the former Black sisters, the twins nodded briefly and left in search of the floo. Narcissa hurried after them.
Bella clearly seemed lost about what she had done wrong but appeared overly content sitting at her Lord's feet. "Is your mind healer still alive?"
"What?" She looked up, puzzled. "Oh, yes, Master. You said that I'm not to kill them. That they are in your service."
"Good," the man nodded, petting her head briefly.
Calmer, Harry proclaimed, "She's a problem, and you know it."
"We'll find a way. Maybe with Severus help, we can use Leglimency to find out what's wrong with her mind."
Shaking his head, the teenager laughed darkly. "Look at you, showing compassion for a faithful follower. Sometimes my influence on you is quite inconvenient."
Lord Voldemort didn't say anything, but Harry could see the corners of his mouth twitch. "Go and gather your follower. Narcissa must be through with him by now."
"Yes, my Lord," Harry gave a mock-bow and then departed.
"Bella," Tom sighed, looking down at the lost woman at his feet. "What am I going to do with you?"

Surprisingly, Fred and George were waiting for him in their receiving room. "Are you okay, guys?"
"Yes, we …" The twins traded a look. "We'll support you," they shared finally.
"What? How?" Harry was at a loss. "What are you talking about?"
"The Wizengamot," Fred clarified. George added, "We were assigned the Prewett seats because you suggested we try and claim them. Dad might not be able to vote." "Not that he would since he most likely would just parrot Dumbledore's words on mum's insistence. That's not advancing a view but merely serving as a mouthpiece for someone else." "But we are free to make our own choices, and we have decided that we wish to support you. Whatever your proposal, we'll have your back. If we disagree, we will talk in private, but in public, we're aligned."
"I …," The young man was honestly overwhelmed. He had helped the twins because it was the right thing to do. Of course, he had hoped that by them claiming the Prewett seats, they would get more diverse opinions in the Wizengamot. And since Tom was quite charismatic, he might be able to convince them of their plans. But to have them declare their allegiance was more than he had hoped for. "That's more than I could ever ask of you. Thank you."
"Well, it might be hard to see, you stand in Volde… Voldemort's shadow. But you care about your own. You are willing to go any length to protect them."
"I … we …" Fred sighed. "You've changed, Harry. Ever since the Tournament, you've changed so much that we didn't recognise you any longer. But today, we realised that you've just grown up."
"You approach things more ruthlessly now. But still, your main interest is to save people. And even if we don't understand your methods, we stand behind your intentions."
"So, whenever you need us, we'll be here. We will support you in private and in public."
"We won't take your mark, but …."
Holding up his hand, Harry smiled, "You don't have to justify yourselves. We are friends no matter if you carry my mark or not. My followers will always have priority, but whenever you need me, I'll be there. Just like I'm there for Luna or Seamus or Dean or any of the others. Just … thank you. Okay. Thank you for having my back."
Then Harry was sandwiched between two tall redheads before the twins extracted themselves somewhat sheepishly. "Sorry, but we have to go back to the shop now, or Lee will have our heads."
George chuckled, "Yes, whenever we leave him to close on his own, we find a prank in the apartment. Usually a messy one."

Severus was stressed over gathering the last potion ingredients for Hogwarts. He had a lesson plan for Potions, as well as for Defence against the Dark Arts. Harry had offered his help, but the Potion Master was very methodical. Also, the teenager was not overly eager to claim more work.
Severus had talked to Professor McGonagall since she was still interims headmistress. Though she appreciated him as a colleague, she was well aware that he was not the best teacher. Slughorn was still available, and Harry had talked to Lupin to take over the Defence post on short notice. He still had his lesson plans and would easily merge them with Severus' who had elaborated as much on the theory as Remus had on the practical parts. Rolling up the contract, Harry smiled at the thought. Together Remus and Severus would make a pretty brilliant Defence teacher.
Seven days before Hogwarts was about to start, professor and student sat on the dunes, overlooking the waves. The day was overcast, so the sun was not tormenting them. Still, the rolling ocean and the grey skies were soothing. Wordlessly, Harry handed over one of the two scrolls he had brought. After the first part was unrolled, the Potion Master stated, confused, "That's my teaching contract."
"Open it until the end."
>Fulfilled.<
"What?" The question was barely a breath. Severus' eyes were wide and disbelieving.
Allowing his follower a moment to compose himself, Harry merely shrugged, looking over the sea. "You swore to protect Lily's child. Dumbledore forged shackles out of that oath, chaining you to Hogwarts. But I'm of age now. So your vow has been fulfilled." When Severus started to tremble ever so slightly, he inched closer to offer support.
"I won't have to return to teach stupid children who have no interest in the arts of potion making any longer?"
"No, you won't. If that's your choice, you will never have to set foot into the castle ever again. We know Dumbledore will return eventually, and he'll try to re-capture you. You're too valuable to lose. But right this moment, you are in no way bound to the school."
Clearly overwhelmed by the implications, Severus gestured towards the other scroll. "What's that?"
"A teaching contract."
"Excuse me?"
Angling his body so he could look into his follower's eyes, Harry presented the document. "It's limited to one year. You would only have to teach Potion N.E.W.T. students, sixth year and above. Slughorn would keep the lower years. You would get to keep your quarters, but your salary would be reduced. Professor Vector will take over as Head of Slytherin house next year. You two have time to ease your snakes into your departure."
All in all, this contract was far more restrictive than the last. Had Dumbledore had the chance to adjust his professor's class and responsibilities, now it was clearly detailed what was part of his duties and what wasn't. It gave Severus more freedom than ever before; it even suggested that he could take on promising students to serve as his assistances if he so desired. For masters, that was a common practice to discover if a student could become an apprentice. Since Dumbledore had taken over the headmaster position, that practice had fallen out of use.
"What's that about me teaching Defence?" The man gestured towards the second half of the contract.
"It's an offer, but you might as well remove it. Professor Lupin has agreed to return to Hogwarts, Tonks is pregnant, and he wants to stay with his wife. However, since he still has his furry little problem, which occurs every 28 days, a stipulation has been added to his contract that he has to offer a substitute teacher. That teacher could be you."
"I will not take over for only a handful of days a month!" Severus growled.
The young man beside him chuckled. "Well, you could always adjust your lesson plans. He could take two-thirds of the lessons and you the last. Of course, then you would have to actually talk to him and interact with him every other day. It might add stress to your schedule. But it's entirely up to you. If you don't want to do it, Sirius has offered to help."
With an angry snarl, the Potion Master conjured a quill. "Over my dead body!" After several adjustments, he signed the new contract with a flourish. He would need to meet regularly not only with the wolf but also with Slughorn. He trusted the other Potion Master about as far as he could throw him. In his opinion, he was far too lenient with the students. Only when his signature flared did he realise what had just happened. Wide-eyed, he looked at Harry.
The teenager beamed at him and leaned over to kiss his cheek. "You're welcome." Then he turned away again to look over the ocean. After a few moments, Severus sneaked his hand in his and clutched his fingers. The strength of his grip almost hurt, but Harry held on just as tight. One more year and the day Harry left Hogwarts, so would he.

Traditionally on September 1st was the first Wizengamot Session of the Season. Like some seven-year students, Harry had received special permission to leave the grounds and catch up with his classes later. The floos of the Head of Houses were opened for the day the Wizengamot was in session.
"If you won't stop fidgeting, I will hex you." Tom threatened, looking at his equal.
Harry was tempted to bare his teeth. Yet, since he was under close scrutiny, he refrained. This was his first 'official' appearance as an adult, a Lord of one of the sacred families. He could spot Fred and George, who looked strangely out of place in the dark robes. Neville was working hard on hiding his anxiousness. Had Harry not known him for six years, he would have been convinced that the young pureblood was utterly calm. But his eyes betrayed him. When their gazes met, they nodded towards each other, and with the unspoken message between them, Harry felt himself calming, as did Neville.
"You can do this, Harry. To… Lord Peverell has prepared you. You're going to do great," Sirius assured. Though he could not hold his family's seats, even after having been exonerated, he was allowed to watch and support his heir.
Ron, by Harry's side, seemed just as nervous. The green tint on his face said that he should have forgone breakfast. No, if Harry remembered correctly, Ron hadn't even eaten anything. This was like before a Quidditch match, only worse. "Severus, I …" A calming draught was pressed into his hand. Gratefully, he slipped it his best friend. "Drink. Now!"
With trembling fingers, the redhead opened the vial and managed not to spill anything with great difficulty. After a few moments, Ron took a deep breath and handed it back to Severus. "Thank you, Sir."
Only now did Harry realise how much of his own anxiety had come from Ron. Groaning, he cuffed his friend. "You were leaking. Stop it!"
Then the doors to the dungeon were opened, and they could take their seats. Tom had arranged that the Black and the Potter seats were next to each other. So, Harry motioned for his friends to take the chairs and claimed a place at their backs, towering over them. He tensed when Dumbledore came in.
Now or never.
An unnatural calm came over him. This was it, he realised. He traded a look with Tom, and they both nodded. Every player was in place. Now the game for their world could begin.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Cordially, the Chief Warlock gazed down at the assembled members. "A good day to all of you. Let us hope that we have another year where our decisions will be just and our ruling true. First, the introduction of our new members, then the declarations of allegiance. The alignment of last year still stands, so only the Potter and Black seats need a declaration. Lord Potter-Black, you have the word."
Taking half a step forward, so he stood right between the seats; Harry offered a respectful bow to the assembled witches and wizards. "Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot. My name is Harry James Potter, and I am the current Lord of the Black and the Potter family. As he has done since his coming of age, Ronald Weasley will serve as my proxy for the Black seats, and will continue to do so, should I not be able to attend. Mrs Hermione Granger will serve as my proxy for the Potter seats."
Whispers flared up. A muggleborn as a proxy for a noble house. That was absolutely unheard of. Though the Potters were not members of the sacred twenty-eight any longer, they still were considered influential. To have someone not of pure blood speak for them was a scandal on its own. Harry could barely suppress a smirk.
"Your declaration of allegiance, Lord Potter," Dumbledore cut through the assembly.
"Ron."
Rising, Ron straightened his robe and proclaimed, "The Black seats stand on their own."
Black was one of the few open dark families, much like the Malfoys. Yet without an allegiance, they became an unknown factor. Dumbledore clearly didn't like this if his frown was anything to go by. The whispering picked up again. Harry cut them off, not wanting to give the headmaster time to recover.
"Hermione."
The witch rose with all the grace of a pureblood. Narcissa had done wonders for Hermione's poise. "The Potter seats align with the Black family."
The Chief Warlock gasped, "Surely you intended it the other way around." Light seats aligned with a dark family. That would not do!
"Why would I want that?" Hermione raised her eyebrows. "The Black family dates further back than the Potters, and I do not doubt that Mr. Weasley, as a pureblood, makes the right decisions on behalf of the Wizarding World. Surely this is the most sensible solution."
'A queen can move in any direction, headmaster. Don't forget that.' Harry thought, smirking as Hermione claimed her seat again.
"Yes, well," Dumbledore cleared his throat. "If that is all, we can …."
Neville rose. All eyes fell on him. Unfazed, he declared, "The Longbottom family aligns with the Black family."
Once he sat, Fred and George got on their feet. The serious expression on their faces was uncommon but not unwelcome given the setting. In one voice, they declared, "The Prewett seats align with the Black family."
Three light families aligned with dark seats. Now the light side no longer held the majority in the Wizengamot. Dumbledore started to sweat as his pawns broke away one by one. He watched the enchanted board, over their heads, as the alignments re-arranged themselves. Now the dark families were in the lead.
Most of Tom's followers had stood with the Peverell family over the last two years. They had been discreet and had appeared 'convinced' of the new Lord's ideas over months. Still, the Peverell family was considered 'dark', and since Tom now held the most allegiances, he could suggest a new chief warlock. The light and neutral families had dreaded that day since Lucius Malfoy, as Chief warlock, would hold both the power of his family's seats, as well as considerable influence over their jurisdiction. Though the Chief Warlock's position was a formal one and came with no voting rights, it still meant influence and power.

Abbott
Avery
Black
Bulstrode
Burke
Carrow
Crouch
Fawley
Flint
Gaunt
Greengrass
Lestrange
Longbottom
Macmillan
Malfoy
Nott
Ollivander
Parkinson
Potter
Prewett
Rosier
Rowle
Selwyn
Shacklebolt
Shafiq
Slughorn
Travers
Weasley
Yaxley

Dumbledore was whacking his brain for a solution. The 'light' families and a few neutral ones were apparently concerned about a new Chief Warlock nomination. Should they work together, they would be able to block it, but only just. If one of them agreed to whoever was suggested, Lucius Malfoy could claim the seat.
Before anyone could speak up, Tom rose. "Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot. Since several families have changed their allegiance, a new Chief Warlock can be chosen." He bowed towards Dumbledore, and only those who knew him well could see the mocking. "Though Albus Dumbledore had served this esteemed body for many decades, I would like to propose a new candidate."
The tension in the room was palpable, and Harry barely managed to roll his eyes. His soulmate was so dramatic.
"I would like to nominate the Lady Augusta Longbottom as new Chief Warlock."
A ripple went through the crowd. Harry gaped. Lucius being the most likely of all the possible candidates, he had never expected Tom to suggest Augusta. She made sense, of course, since she no longer held the Longbottom seats. She was respected in their society, and … well, she knew the truth. If she accepted the position, she would do it because she was convinced of doing the right thing. Conviction was the most powerful tool in a political campaign.
'Sly, old bastard,' Harry grinned, tilting his head towards his soulmate.
'Agreed.' Ron and Hermione replied, knocking the armrests of their chairs, as Lady Longbottom accepted the proposal and was put under oath with no vetoes from the audience.
'Dumbledore is going to murder Tom,' Ron chuckled behind his hand, gesturing towards the departing Chief Warlock.
Hermione leaned back. 'This is better than a soap opera.'
'What?'
'Muggle television.'
'Oh, the little people in the box!'
'Yes, Ron,' she chuckled. 'The little people in the box.'

After the session, Dumbledore approached Harry and his friends. "Mr. Potter, congratulations on claiming your seats. Please allow me to give you this. It is an accustomed gift for new Lords." He held out a box containing a medal with the Wizengamot seal. >ignorantia juris neminem excusat<
"Ignorance of the law excuses no one," Harry translated, pulling out the piece. He hissed when the edge cut his hand.
"Oh, let me heal this for you," Dumbledore waved his wand. "It seems that the new versions have an edge to them." His eyes twinkled. "Have a good day, Harry."
Shaking his head, Harry rubbed his palm.
"That was strange," Ron mentioned.
"Yea," the newly minted Lord blinked his eyes. He felt kind of dizzy. Spotting Severus in the crowd and Tom at the front, he nudged his friends. "Let's go. No use in lingering. We're going to be swarmed by reporters who try to shove their dicta quills down my throat."
Hermione laughed but led them along. It seemed that stepping out of the way of a Lady, who knew where she was going, was hard-wired into any wizard's brain. They had entered the atrium, about to depart, when Harry swayed on his feet. Immediately, Severus reached for him. "I don't feel so good." The young man mumbled, trying to blink away the soft blue fog that gathered at the edge of his vision.
"Harry," the Potion Master called out, leaning down to smell his breath, "Harry, you need to open your eyes. How do you feel?"
Why was Severus so anxious all of a sudden? Everything was turning soft. That was kind of nice.
"Almond Butter," Harry smiled, licking his lips, then he turned green. "I think I have to puke." That was not a nice feeling.
"TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE!" The headmaster's voice bellowed through the atrium. "STOP YOUR HIDING AND FACE ME!"
The red light of a powerful counterspell illuminated the atrium. "Tom!" Harry breathed out anxiously. He tried to reach his soulmate but lost consciousness before he could even take half a step.

White light filled Harry's vision. Slowly turning in a circle, the general outline of Kings Cross emerged from the fog. At least he didn't hurt any longer. No headache. No dizziness. No cramps. Now that Harry thought about it, he felt nothing. Nothing at all. That could not be a good sign.
"Where am I?"
A young dark-haired man rose from a bench a few feet away. "I'm afraid we're dead, Harry."
"Tom?" Harry reached out to touch him, approaching Tom's echo, which he had only ever seen in dreams and mirrors. When his hands found soft robes and warm skin, he pulled the other into his arms. Tom returned the hug just as fiercely. Then he reached for the previously injured hand. "He poisoned us, didn't he?"
"I'm afraid so," gently the young man rubbed Harry's palm. "Cheap," he growled, but Harry could only shrug.
"Nothing for it. It's just … we've come so far, and now … it seems kind of unfair."
Letting go, the other teenager folded his arms before his chest. "When has our life ever been fair?"
"Well, that could change at any time," a female voice appeared out of nowhere.
"Mum?" Harry breathed. When Lily came into view, tears rose in his eyes as he flew into her arms. Tom hovered behind, unsure of what to do.
A soft hand touched his shoulder. "Sweetheart?"
"Mother?"
Two teenagers stood arm in arm with two witches who had passed well before their time. For an eternity, the boys revelled in their proximity. They parted when a harsh voice pulled them out of their trance, "What is going on?"
"Tom?" Harry looked at his soulmate. Though he was wearing his typical attire, a large gash parted the front. Was that his breastbone?
"Dumbledore killed you too," Merope sighed, caressing the 'older version of her son while keeping an arm around the teenager.
"No," the teenager hissed angrily. "We're almost there! This can't be the end. Why did you allow him to best you?"
Clenching his fists, Lord Voldemort shook his head. Finally, he admitted, "Because I could not allow him to kill Ron and Hermione. He targeted them to distract me. It worked."
He had fought for his place on top of the world. Yet, in the end, compassion had brought the great Lord Voldemort to his knees. Harry hated that Dumbledore had won. At the same time, he could not help but be grateful for the sacrifice his soulmate has made. Had there ever been a doubt of Tom having changed his ways, it was gone now. Hugging his soulmate tight, the teenager sighed after a while. " I guess it's over then. We need to trust our followers to pull the world back from the brink."
The women traded a conspiring look. "Not necessarily," Lily revealed.
"What do you mean?"
"Do you have the wand you took from Dumbledore?" She asked instead of answering his question.
"Of course," Harry pulled it out. "Tom insisted that I carry a second wand at all times."
"And the ring?" Merope gestured towards his hand. Harry lifted it, revealing the Gaunt ring.
"And the cloak," the teenager beside him whispered, nodding in confirmation.
"I don't understand," the Dark Lord growled.
"I do," his Horcrux admitted, with a soft smile, pulling out his wand. As he had done with his name in the Chamber of Secrets, Tom painted into the air with fiery strokes. "The Cloak of Invisibility. The Resurrection Stone. The Elder Wand. Together they are the Deathly Hallows, making the wizard who owns all three …."
"The Master of Death," Harry whispered and couldn't help but chuckle a little breathlessly. "Luna said that when I understood, it would make all the difference." He then turned towards the witches. "You are not really our mothers."
Both smiled and shook their heads. "No, we are but echoes of souls that have passed on. But the message remains the same, no matter the messenger: You are in control, Harry. You can decide to go back or go on."
"… and see mum and dad for real."
"Yes."
Harry closed his eyes as pain filled his heart. He wanted to see his parents so badly. Seeing his mother had almost been enough, even though she was but a mirror image of the real person. But … shaking his head, he allowed tears to roll down his cheeks. Just this once, he didn't want to be strong. To be allowed to go on and leave all the trials and tribulations behind. Surely, he had earned that.
"You have," Tom confirmed, turning him around, nudging up his head. The red eyes of his older counterpart bore into his. "You have earned that right a hundred times over. I took your family; made your life hell for more than a decade. But …"
"But we can't," Harry whispered, weaving their fingers together. "Going on would mean that Dumbledore wins. We can't have that." Turning around, he looked towards the teenager, who stood arm in arm with his mother. "What about you?"
Smiling at the woman, who squeezed him affectionately, the teenager shook his head. "I think I have waited long enough." Meeting his other soul's red eyes, he offered one last word of caution, "Immortality is a curse, not a blessing. Only the fear of death can make us rise above anything we ever thought possible. Look how far you've come, Tom. Don't throw that away again by running from something inevitable. It's not as if it hurts. And when your day comes, remember that you'll not be alone. I'll be waiting, as will our mother." Then the pair turned and boarded the train that had stood on the rails all along.
Lily smiled at them. Stepping close, she put one hand on Harry's cheek and one on Tom's. "We are so proud of you. You've achieved more than we could have ever hoped for. And if you go back now, you'll be able to do so much more." She hugged first Tom and then Harry. Finally, she smiled, and her breath was like a morning breeze on their faces as she whispered, "Wake up!"

Pandemonium was reigning when Tom and Harry opened their eyes. Harry could hear someone sobbing. The despondency of the sound was so intense it made his heart clench. But that would come later. Dumbledore was shouting explanations of why two respected wizards of the Wizengamot lay dead at his feet. The Order of Phoenix, at least those still loyal to him, covered his back. From the sound of it, things were not going well. The headmaster was a force to be reconned with. Many innocents could be injured or killed if caught in his crossfire.
Tom's and Harry's eyes met over the battlefield. A brief nod, then two spells raced towards the headmaster.

  "Expelliarmus!"


  "Petrificus Totalus!"

The wand flew into Harry's hand, and the headmaster hit the floor with a clang. The silence was deafening.
Then Harry and Tom rose to their feet. Thank Merlin, the parsel-glamours the Dark Lord used still held. They would have to ease them out at one point, lessen their potency until one day Tom could enter the Wizengamot with his own face. Since he has always been notorious for preventing photographs and drawings of himself, a few years should be enough. Today, his cover was intact, and his voice was like ice when he declared, "I accuse Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore of attempted murder of me and my housemate Lord Potter." Disgusted, he looked down at the old man. "Take him away."

They returned to Peverell Hall. Not only Ron and Hermione, who had been understandably shaken but Sirius as well. For many hours, his godfather would not let Harry out of his sight, growling and raging against the headmaster who had offered the poisoned medal. Severus had extracted the proof from the Wizengamot seal Dumbledore had given to Harry. Yet after handing it over to the authorities, he hadn't spoken again. He remained Harry's shadow for the rest of the day.
Mid-morning, the Longbottoms joined them, and after a conversation with Tom, the adults departed. Neville stayed behind. Draco arrived after lunch, having only heard about the fight from the special edition of the Daily Prophet. Blaise stumbled through the floo right behind him, rushing over to Harry, kissing him with bruising desperation, before hugging him tightly, trembling all over. It took more than an hour to calm the incubus down.
Though they had classes the next day, the students elected to sleep at the Manor and return to Hogwarts the following day after breakfast. Since everybody had their own set of rooms anyway, no arrangements were needed. Tom might have grumbled about not owning a hostel but was in high enough spirits not to protest too insistently. Dumbledore had put everything on one card and lost. Two years ago, he could not even have imagined coming this far. Yet with Harry by his side, he had risen to new heights. Hosting a gargle of teenagers seemed like a small price to pay.

"Join me," were the first words Severus had uttered since they had left the Ministry. Right after dinner, he had caught Harry's sleeve and was looking at the young man imploringly. After a confirming nod, he apparated them to the cottage.
The Potion Master stepped back a moment they landed on the patio. Severus had shut his occlumency shields so firmly all day that Harry was apprehensive of what would happen the moment they relaxed. Yet, his advisor did not seem prepared to let go. So, the young man waited. After a few minutes, the older wizard took a steeling breath. Then he stated dispassionately, "I believed you dead today."
"I was dead," Harry confirmed, not understanding what was going on.
"What?" Paling, the other whipped around, yet Harry brushed the question away. "That's a story for another time. I'm back now, and I intend to stay. What is really bothering you, Severus? I don't want to break through your barriers. Today was taxing enough. Please, just tell me."
"I could have lost you." The man mumbled, reaching for him. "I did lose you."
"Hey, I'm here," Harry whispered, stepping closer and winding his arms around the other, kissing him tenderly. "Everything is okay."
Severus chased his lips for a moment, then he pressed their foreheads together, seemingly fighting with himself. "Harry?" He breathed hoarsely.
"Yes?"
"I don't want to wait any longer."
"What?" Confused, the young man raised his face. The second their eyes met, all barriers were gone, and Severus looked at him with so much hunger and longing that it took Harry's breath away. He offered no resistance when he was kissed again, ferocious and claiming. Oh, that was So. Much. Better!

Later, when Severus lay on his chest, sleeping peacefully, Harry looked into the night. During the new moon, stars were the only lights in the sky. Still, with the ocean outside, a silver shimmer covered everything. Tenderly the teenager caressed the sleeping wizard's hair. Severus had been in awe of him, as Harry had prompted him to top. Lucius Malfoy had not been one to bottom, but since his Potion Master had been the one with experience, it had only made sense. Less experienced than expected, but together they had figured it out. It had hurt a little at the beginning, but towards the end, it had become amazing.
Harry really hoped that Severus would not limit himself with petty moral concerns from now on since he honestly was not sure he could respect his advisor's boundaries if sex could be like this! Not that it mattered. Severus Snape had laid a claim on him, and now he was Harry's, in mind, body, and soul. A satisfied smirk graced the young man's features as he took in the serene sky outside of the window with calculating, emerald eyes. His first follower had been willing to die for him. Now, he would burn the world if Harry so desired. He was exactly where he was supposed to be. Who knew that sex could be so compelling?

 
  
    Chapter Text
    Over the weeks, Harry got used to the empty feeling in his head. He had fought for serenity for so long. Now that he had it, he would have given a lot to have Tom back. His equal was joining him in Salazar's libraries most nights, but even he could not ease the strain of missing a familiar teenager's mind, entwined with his own.He and Voldemort had done the research, both inside Harry's mind and in all libraries available. Their ancestors' history had proven quite enlightening, and so they had decided to share their findings with a selected few.
Since other rules had always applied to him, Harry had had no problem getting his followers and Severus free from Hogwarts for the weekend. The sky was dark, and as it had been at the beginning of September, the moon absent. Still, the candles around the ritual circle offered enough light for everyone to see.Harry was wearing the invisibility coat, the gaunt ring and the elder wand. The coat was inside out since he did not need to hide from his most faithful.Draco and Blaise, his snakes who had turned the tide in Slytherin, stood proud at the edge. Even Pansy Parkinson didn't dare to speak against him these days. However, Harry was not sure if that was his friend's doing or her fathers. In the end, it did not matter.Neville held his head high. His grandmother had proven herself efficient and impartial as Chief Warlock. Something that could never be said about Dumbledore. Her grandson was tremendously proud of her and thrived on earning her regard in return. He managed beautifully.And finally, Ron and Hermione, tactic and logic, his first friends, people he trusted before everyone else, even himself. Both had grown into their duties, and Hermione had already a hundred different ideas to make the Wizengamot fairer and more efficient. With Augusta listening to the muggleborn witch, Harry was sure that she would change their world. It might take years, decades even, but Hermione would drag their governing body into the next century. It was the only way they could survive.Barty stood behind Tom. There had never been a chance to exclude him. He had moved through hell for his master, and his devotion deserved to be rewarded. The Dark Lord rarely went anywhere without his most trusted Death Eater.Sirius and Remus were last. They were not marked and never would be. But rituals, even ones as simple as this, would be more powerful if there were thirteen witnesses. His parents' friends would complete their circle."There were once three brothers," Harry spoke up when the last rays of the sun vanished behind the horizon, "who were travelling along a lonely, winding road at twilight." They knew the story because they had all been there on Harry's seventeenth birthday, so he came straight to the point, "The names of these brothers were Antioch, Cadmus, and Ignotus Peverell. Antioch's line is lost since he did not survive the possession of the elder wand. But Cadmus' and Ignotus' survived."Tom picked up the tale, "After many generations, it ended split into the House of Slytherin and the House of Gaunt, making me the rightful heir of the resurrection stone twice over. Ignotus had one son, and that son had one daughter, Iolanthe.""Iolanthe was married to Hardwin Potter, the godfather of the Potter family. The cloak was passed down in my family from generation to generation and shall do so until Death takes it back." Looking around, Harry smiled at his friends and family. "You all know what happened at the Ministry two months ago. And though I know that it might be hard to accept, Tom and I died that day. But I owned the Deathly Hallows, so I was Master of Death, able to decide who comes back and who goes on. I love you all so very much, and I know you would have done your best to continue our work. But I was not ready to move on, not when I felt that my life was finally beginning.""Being 'Master of Death', however, is too great a burden. Nobody, especially not a teenager on the cusps of adulthood, should be weighed down by it." Tom continued, "So we have decided to divide the power amongst us." He kissed Harry's forehead when the young man held out his hand, working the ring off his finger. Putting it on, the Dark Lord held up his hand. "The Gaunt ring, previously tainted; now cleansed, has returned to its rightful owner."Now the witch and wizards surrounding them were holding their breath. The Elder Wand was more powerful than any of them could imagine. So, who could they trust to have it? Harry nodded confidently and ordered, "Severus, disarm me."The Potion Master startled when he saw the wand on his master's palm. "You can't … why me?"Caressing the older man's cheek, Harry assured him, "Because you are the only one, I trust not to be corrupted by its power. You are plenty powerful on your own. You don't need an unbeatable wand to prove yourself. I have the most faith in you not to be killed by the curse of the Death Stick from everyone here. So please, win this wand from me."The Potion Master hesitated. His master believed that he would use the offered power for the greater good. No, not the 'greater good'! For the welfare of every witch and wizard in Britain, or not at all. The question was, did he trust himself? Possession of the elder wand would make him stronger than even the Dark Lord. Yet, there was nothing magic could give him that his wand could not. The stone … sooner or later, he would succumb to its power. Like the Dark Lord would succumb to the siren call of the Death Stick. But the wand … no, Harry had faith in him. He would prove that justified. "Expelliarmus."He easily picked the wand out of the air. Yet when he studied it, it did not feel any different. Certainly not as good as wielding his own. Maybe the tales were just that, tales. Dumbledore had caused great things and great horrors, with and without this wand. In the end, it was the wizard who shaped the magic, not the other way around. The tool vanished into the folds of his robes as he bowed at his master.Then the three stood back-to-back in the middle of the ritual circle. "The powers of the Hallows divided yet united.""To serve all witches and wizards of our country.""To lead us into a better future, where magic guides our way."The thirteen witnesses bowed before them. "So mote it be."
Hours later, Harry found Tom in a graveyard in Little Hangleton, standing before the headstone of one Marvolo Riddle. More than two years had passed since a scared boy had tried to turn an enemy into a friend. His parents had once told him that together, he and Tom had the potential to achieve greatness. They had surpassed everyone's wildest dreams. The deteriorated house, where Harry had found peace for the first time in fourteen years, was looming over the hill. Nobody had dared to set foot in it since 1995. It was said to be haunted.They stood shoulder to shoulder as Harry contemplated, "Our parents wanted us to do better, to save our world. Do you think they would be proud?"Tom tilted his head. "I imagine so, yes. Your mother was particularly persistent. She said that you could save me. I had my doubts, but it appears she was right.""What about you, Tom? Thinking back on everything we have done and everything we will do, how do you feel?"Aware where the question was leading, the Dark Lord pulled his wand and offered an honest smile, "Let's find out." Then he turned towards the spot where the portkey had deposited Harry the night of the final task."Expecto Patronum!"
 
  