
    Chapter Text
    
  


  song: andromeda - weyes blood 


  {September 1991

Make allies, Draco. A lesson for now and always. His father had practically drilled it into his brain.
It was nerve wracking enough - arriving at Hogwarts for the very first time. He had spent all summer whizzing around on the new broom his father got him. Only the best for Malfoy's, Draco, Lucius had said to him with a firm hand on his shoulder.
He had looked forward to getting there. For years. Looked forward to being sorted into Slytherin and making his father proud - that was all Draco ever wanted. And that day was finally here. Narcissa had helped him smooth his hair down - firm and clean. Like a Malfoy. Pristine, not a hair out of place. Like a Malfoy.
Draco, my love, I'm going to miss you terribly, his mother had said with delicate tears glossing over her sapphire eyes. His father's were more grey, he had always noticed. Almost lifeless. They matched the washed out cobblestones that wrapped around the side of Malfoy Manor. He could never quite decide who's eyes he had gotten - his mother's or father's. It seemed to vary on a regular basis.
Lucius straightened Draco's robes, going so far as to cast a charm and wick away any lint or fuzz. Like a Malfoy.
Lucius, as well as Mr. Crabbe and Mr. Goyle, had arranged for all of their sons to be friends. It was funny, Draco thought to himself. He always thought friends were supposed to be made, not assigned, but he was just a boy who trusted his father. And so the three of them were best friends - a title for appearances at best. For their father's. All they truly had in common was one thing - pureblood lineage.
Now Draco, be warned. There will be - Lucius's face was encompassed with a scowl, the left corner of his upper lip twisting with disdain - mudbloods. Stay away. They are absolutely not to be interacted with. Malfoy's are purebloods, we are genetically and historically superior. Understand? The words echoed in his Draco's even now.
He nodded, listening intently to his father's words the entire time. He wasn't sure what the difference was between purebloods and mudbloods. Did mudbloods have blood that looked like...like mud? He was only 11. What a shame for there to be magical folk with mud in their veins. It sounded terribly painful. He pitied them.
"Father", Draco began, staring down at his shiny new shoes.
"Look at me when you speak child", his father hissed at him and his eyes shot up quickly. "Don't ever force me to say that again. Don't show weakness. Malfoy's don't have weaknesses."
Draco nodded eagerly at his father. "What happens if I...If I don't...if I don't get sorted into...", he trailed off, cheeks growing pink. He struggled to keep his eyes on his father's piercing and frigid ones. Lucius's gaze never failed to paralyze him.
Lucius gripped the boy's collar tightly but plastered a faux smile on his grin for the sake of the other wizarding families around them preparing to send their children off on the Hogwarts Express. The man pretended to straighten Draco's tie. "Do not stutter, do not hesitate. No weakness, Draco. None. Ever. Speak your mind without dithering, you'll only make a fool of yourself. Out with it", he demanded with a clench of his jaw.
The blonde boy cleared his throat nervously, stretching and curling his fingers in hopes of alleviating the anxiety that coursed through him. Can't disappoint father, I'm a Malfoy. Can't disappoint him. Don't stutter...don't..don't hesitate...look at someone when you speak to them...
His father tensed tremendously at the hesitation. What had he said? Had he told him not to hesitate? Yes, he had. Draco was sure of it, but his mind wandered as it overanalyzed his father's reprimanding words.
Lucius would have slapped him by now if they weren't in a public place. Draco knew this. Narcissa knew this. As sure as the sky was blue and thestrals could fly. It was true.
"What happens if I don't get sorted into Slytherin?", Draco finally mustered the courage as his palms perspirated severely. He bit into his cheek discreetly to avoid showing fear. He had learned that lesson from his father the hard way like many other things.
Lucius slanted his eyes at him and smoothed his hair back where he towered over him - taking advantage of the same scare tactics Abraxas Malfoy had used on him when he was Draco's age. It was tradition. It was the Malfoy way, and it worked.
"That isn't an option", his father replied with a tight, artificial grin, which was clear from the lack of crinkling near his eyes and the way the corners of his lips barely turned upwards. Appearances are vital, Draco, he would remind his son constantly.
Lucius patted his son's back firmly without another word. Draco turned his eyes upwards to his mother who stood, pity filling his features, but all he saw was the love she held for him. Had showered him with for as long as he remembered. His parents were complete opposites in all things but blood purity. Just like Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle. But according to his father, that was simply the way the world worked.
Narcissa knelt down until she was eye level with her son and scooped him into a warm, reassuring hug. "Don't worry, my dear", she whispered, rubbing circles into his back soothingly. "I love you. Be sure to owl at least once a week, alright?"
She smiled. A genuine one, unlike his father. One that reached the sides of her eyes and warmed her cheeks. Draco looked just like his father, which he was quite proud of, but his mother was incomparably beautiful.
Lucius had shoulder length, silver-blonde hair that matched his stone-cold eyes a little too closely. He was the same exact person on the outside as he was on the inside. His features were pointy and sharp, as if they could slice into you with the ease of a knife. His lips were thin, pale, and almost always chapped. He only ever wore black, with smatterings of green on occasion, and had an affinity for wearing several rings, all of which held an obscene monetary value. Appearances are vital, Draco, he remembered his father saying. One day, he would wear rings like that, just like his father.
Narcissa on the other hand, she had a glow. Her long blonde hair was more pigmented than Lucius and Draco's were. It was pale, but soft and warm like washed out sunlight. Her features were exaggeratingly delicate and fragile in comparison to her husband's. She was, after all, from the Black family, who were known for being exceedingly beautiful, which made sense considering they were one of the less inbred families of the sacred twenty-eight.
Draco nodded into his mother's shoulder, trying to ignore the dread he felt about leaving his mother. Her hair smelled of honey and vanilla. Like home. His father had never hugged him, so he had no clue what he smelled like. He didn't particularly care to know any way. He imagined his father smelling like metal and alcohol. Disconnected. Overbearing and off putting. Entirely unappealing. Bitter.
He began to walk away sadly but lifted his shoulders before his father could scold him for slouching.
"Draco", Lucius said, and he turned to look back at his father, hope filling his chest. He's going to say goodbye...maybe not 'I love you', no, he doesn't say things like that, not even to mother. But he's going to say goodbye, I'm sure of it. Maybe even give me a handshake. I just want him to be proud of me.
"Remember what I said about the Potter boy", he drawled, a slight threat in his voice. Draco fought, very hard, not to let his chest deflate with disappointment . He nodded curtly before swiveling on his heel and setting off to locate Crabbe and Goyle. He blinked rapidly to get rid of his tears. He didn't even say goodbye. He isn't proud of me.
<>
The train ride wasn't as dreadful as Draco had anticipated. It was actually quite enjoyable. Crabbe and Goyle weren't terrible company by any means. They couldn't have any remnants of serious conversation - they weren't very bright - but they made Draco laugh quite a bit.
Crabbe inspected his new collectible card with chocolate smudged on the side of his mouth. He sighed heavily.
"Who'd you get", Draco asked as he popped a pepper imp into his mouth.
"Dumbledore, again", Crabbe responded.
"I'm convinced that's the only card in those bloody things", Goyle responded as he proceeded to drop pumpkin pasty crumbs across his lap and the floor. Draco chuckled. Father doesn't like Dumbledore, so neither do I. He had no other reason to dislike the Headmaster of Hogwarts, but he did because of Lucius. Have to make him proud.
"Father says he despises Slytherins", Draco said, eating another pepper imp. The cinnamon lingered on his tongue. They were his favorite, but he didn't get to have them often.
"What'd you expect? He was a Gryffindor", Goyle snickered, wiping the crumbs from his lap but rubbing pumpkin filling stains into the material of his trousers in the process.
"Where do you think Potter will go? I heard he's here on the train and everything!", Crabbe said, clearly hoping the 'boy who lived' would be sorted into Slytherin.
"Well surely you don't think he'd be one of us", Goyle responded, obnoxiously stuffing his mouth with snacks as he spoke.
"You never know. No one has heard anything about him in years. It's probably all over the news now if he's really here though", Draco said, glancing out the window at the rolling green hills and fields.
"My father says there's no way in hell he'd be a Slytherin. I mean c'mon, he defeated You-Know-Who as a baby. Don't you think that sums up who he is? A 'hero' from the time he was a baby", he emphasized again with hand gestures and a roll of his eyes.
"Well no one knows the full story, right? It's not as if there were witnesses", Draco said, looking at the other boy curiously.
"I just thought it'd be cool to have another famous Slytherin, y'know?", Crabbe said with a shrug before focusing on unwrapping yet another chocolate frog.
"We aren't Slytherins yet", he pointed out with slight annoyance. How are they not worried? It's not as if it's just a given...it's up to the bloody hat...although father did say purebloods are a shoo in for Slytherin...
Crabbe and Goyle both turned to him and laughed. Loud and obnoxious, making his ears grow hot.
"And what exactly do the two of you think you're laughing at?", Draco asked with an assertive snap, mimicking the tone he had heard from his father so many times.
Both boys turned red-faced, clearly not expecting Draco's overt reaction. He fought the grin that threatened to spread across his cheeks. That felt good.
"Sorry, Malfoy...it's just...we're purebloods. Isn't that all it takes?", Crabbe asked dumbly, looking almost hurt. But they had hurt Draco's pride with their laughter. I shouldn't be sorry. I'm a Malfoy.
"It would do the two of you well not to make assumptions. Bloodlines can ensure purity but not ambition or cunningness", Draco stated in a condescending tone. He added a false chuckle to loosen the tension. He wasn't sure where this reaction had stemmed from...he had never been the type to lose his temper. Draco had never had much of a temper at all really. But there was a first time for everybody.
Crabbe and Goyle laughed nervously back, testing the waters, observing. The tension from their shoulders eased. It didn't take long for the conversation to redirect and become less heated, and before they knew it, night had fallen and they finally arrived. Hogwarts. Finally. Maybe I'll make some friends that aren't so arrogant. So ignorant. So painfully privileged and oblivious.
These descriptions applied to Draco as well, he knew it. He was well aware of what he had. What he had been born into. Although he had yet to rub it in anyone’s face. Never needed to or wanted to. Suffice to say, it bothered him that Crabbe and Goyle acted and spoke the way they did. Even  thought  the way they did.
<>
As they climbed the steps, the mass group of first years was instructed to wait there before entering the hall. An elderly woman with large, bulging eyes, spectacles, and a crooked witch's hat stood at the front waiting. And that was when he saw him.
Harry Potter. The scar on his forehead peeked out from underneath his dark hair and he was flanked on either side by a redheaded boy and a brunette girl. Perfect.
Before you get sorted. That's when you need to find and speak with him. I suspect that he could be useful...powerful, Lucius had told his son all summer.
"Useful? Powerful?", Draco asked, not really sure what his father meant or why it mattered.
Lucius shook his head dismissively. "Nevermind that. Befriend him - before the sorting. Unless, of course, if my suspicions are false...", he trailed off in thought. Draco didn't dare ask about it again.
Draco was no Gryffindor, no, not at all. Nor did he want to be. But he gathered his bravery nonetheless before stepping forward.
"So it's true, then. What they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts", he stated boldly. He needed to get his attention. Make an impression. Befriend him.
The room had gone quiet when he spoke but now filled with murmurs that echoed across the stone walls.
"This is Crabbe", he said gesturing to his left, "and Goyle", he gestured to his right.
"Actually...I'm Goyle", the boy on Draco's left whispered, but he dismissed it with a wave of his hand and shushed him.
"And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy", he said, giving him a smile, trying his best to be friendly.
The redhead snickered and Draco felt his entire body heat in embarrassment. Why was everyone laughing at him? He sized the boy up, knowing exactly what his father would do in the situation.
"Think my name's funny, do you? Well, no need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley", he said with a bitter taste in his mouth at his own words. It wasn't his fault. The boy laughed at him first, so he fired back. Just like his father would.
The redhead cowered slightly, ducking his head into his robes like a turtle and looking thoroughly embarrassed.
Draco redirected his attention to Potter now, leveling his gaze on the boys green eyes and oversized, round glasses. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there", he told him, reaching his hand out to offer a handshake. To offer his friendship.
Harry narrowed his eyes and scowled at Draco, looking first to his outreached hand and then back to his face. "I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks", he said coldly, and it hurt. Hurt like a bitch. The first time Draco had ever tried to make a new friend without his father forcing it, and he was instantly rejected.

  Where did I go wrong? I was...I'm...I'm just trying to help. Father is going to be furious. I can't even make a friend for myself. I'm so worthless. Just like father always says. He's right. I can't do anything right.

The entire room was silent and he was mortified, but he didn't show it. He knew how not to. Had perfected that at least.
Potter turned his back on Draco and the redhead hesitantly turned to speak to his friend. Friend. Merlin, what did I say? How has this so quickly failed irrevocably?
But the brunette. She hadn't spoken or even moved really. She didn't look nervous, no, she was looking him over. Scrutinizing him. He breathed deeply to prevent his cheeks from turning red. She was...she was...
He couldn't decide. He hadn't ever truly noticed girls, not really anyway. He was 11. But she was...well, despite the rats nest of curls that was her hair, she was quite pretty. Not in an over-the-top, 'give me attention' way. She wasn't like that, he could tell.
Her stance was defensive as she stood with her arms crossed, a book held under them. Hogwarts: A History - one of Draco's favorites. He had read it over and over leading up to his departure for the school. She clearly wasn't concerned with her appearance.
Not that he cared...but he liked it. Like that she didn't seem to be presenting herself. She wasn't drawing attention. She didn't ask for or want it as far as he could tell. She was just there. Like turning over a rock and finding a diamond there. A diamond with ink smudges on her nose, but a diamond nonetheless.
Her eyes were warm and deep, like diving into a mug of hot chocolate at Christmas. Her hair - frazzled - but if she took care of it, he could tell it would be quite lovely. He wanted to see it even. Her lips appeared soft and slightly rosy, but a natural shade. Not a ridiculous, unnatural color like girls wore sometimes.
A small dusting of freckles ran across her nose and cheek bones. They were barely noticeable if you weren't paying close attention, but they looked like constellations across her olive-toned skin.
He had been staring. He had stared. And got very much lost in his thoughts while doing so.
But she was staring too. Draco hadn't been managing his own expression, but he hoped he hadn't given away so easily that he fancied her. Because she didn't look interested at all.
If anything, she looked disgusted. Her eyes were narrowed on him and she appeared to be biting into her cheek. After shamelessly getting an eye-full, the girl turned around and stood next to Potter, joining his conversation with Weasley.
He had butterflies. He felt fucking ridiculous. He was a boy. Boys didn't get butterflies. Boys didn't fancy girls at his age and feel so bloody nervous about it. But it was worse, because she appeared to loathe him, and they hadn't even exchanged words. He didn't know who she was. Didn't even know her name. And he still didn't understand what he had done to deserve this.
It hurt. Every bit of it. From his father not even saying goodbye, to Crabbe and Goyle's laughter, to Weasley's laughter, to Potter's rejection, to the brown-haired girl's scrutiny.
This definitely wasn't how he imagined his first day of Hogwarts going.
<>
After the older witch - Professor McGonagall - gave a long speech about how the houses work, what they were, and anything that he was sure was primarily for the benefit of muggle-borns who didn't know how this all worked, they were ushered into the great hall.
It was magnificent. Candles floated in the air, filling the room that spanned for what felt like a mile with its lengthy tables and all the professors seated facing them on the other side. Draco looked up to the ceiling, finding the night sky there, and it was perfectly accurate. Incredibly accurate. He would have been certain there was simply a hole in the ceiling and that it was the night sky if he hadn't known better.
One by one, students were called up by Professor McGonagall to sit on the stool and be sorted by the singing, talking, one hat show. But he was excited and nervous and his stomach was filled with it.
She went through the list alphabetically, meaning the girl was sorted before him. Crabbe and Goyle had both already been sorted into Slytherin when it was her turn, leaving him standing there, and he couldn't help but watch and listen as intently as he could.

  Hermione Granger. With Hogwarts: A History under her arm, and ratty curls, and warm eyes.

She looked terribly nervous. More so than others, and that was when he realized it. He didn't recognize her last name at all. She was clearly eager to learn any and everything about the school. He could see her muttering to the hat as it deliberated where to place her. She was muggleborn. Mudblood, he corrected himself. Was her blood different? His curiosity spiked.
She seemed to be passionately against the hat's initial decision, shaking her head nervously and fiddling with her fingers as the entire school watched and waited. Until...
"Gryffindor!", the hat shouted, and the table full of red on the far right erupted into cheers for their new addition. Granger looked relieved. Thoroughly relieved. He wondered what the hat had considered putting her in that she was so strongly against.
It was his turn. "Draco Malfoy", Professor McGonagall called him up. He mustered a grin in hopes of hiding his anxiety.
Cunning, ambitious, pureblood, a Malfoy. He repeated these things over and over in his head before the hat was even placed upon his head, and it barely touched a single blonde hair there before it called out, "Slytherin!"
The far left table of deep green cheered loudly as he made his way over to meet Crabbe and Goyle, feeling insanely relieved. It was then he realized just how fearful he had been. Palms sweating and heart racing. He was relieved. So relieved.
All was not lost yet. His father would be pleased that he was sorted into Slytherin, but thoroughly disappointed that he failed to acquire a friendship with Potter. But there could still be an opportunity if...
Weasley was sorted into Gryffindor - no surprise there. All the Weasleys were, and the house colors clashed heavily with their traffic cone colored hair.
But there was still a chance to recover and reach out to Potter one more time, fix his mistake somehow if...
"Harry Potter", Professor McGonagall beckoned and the hall went eerily quiet as all the focus was intently directed on the boy who lived.
He sat, and the hat considered and reconsidered for what felt like minutes. The hat had barely even thought about where to put Draco, as if it wasn't even a question.
The entire room was dead silent. They were waiting, and waiting, and waiting. It was painful. And then finally-
"Gryffindor!", the hat shouted, and Potter's new house members filled the hall with ear-shattering cheers of excitement. His heart sank. There would be no recovering.
His father would be disappointed. He knew he should be worried. He was worried. But he couldn't stop himself from being much more interested in the Granger girl.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: feel something - bea miller

  
    {September 1991
  
Hermione's heart pounded in her ears as she sat on the stool waiting to be sorted. She had long memorized the houses by then - she had done so the day she got her Hogwarts letter.Being muggleborn in the wizarding world was like the worst culture shock imaginable, but she wasn't about to let that get in her way.Even in regular school, she always had the highest grades. The other children would pull her hair, make fun of her for being a know-it-all, shove her books out of her arms...she was more than happy to be away from that.This will be different. She affirmed it over and over in her head as she awaited the sorting hat's decision.
  Ravenclaw. Wisdom, wit, intellect. I'll likely be a Ravenclaw. Yes, that seems the most fitting.

  Sure, I'm hardworking and patient, but I'm no Hufflepuff.

  I'm ambitious and resourceful, but Slytherins seem to get a bad rap around here, and that's the last thing I need...

  I'm brave, I can be chivalrous, but it's not like anyone has ever helped me, so Gryffindor isn't likely. Although I wouldn't be against it.
"Very difficult, indeed", the hat muttered in a puzzled tone that only Hermione's ears could register.
  Understandable, but I'm a Ravenclaw. There's no doubt - it makes the most sense.
"It isn't always about sense, but rather about where someone holds the most potential. My young witch, I do believe...", the hat trailed off and the hall was painfully silent as they waited.
  Yes, Ravenclaw, I know. So get on with it, please.
The hat chuckled deviously before shouting in a voice that echoed around the Great Hall, "Gryffindor!"Hermione fought back her puzzled, and slightly disappointed expression. Aren't I too smart? Too witty? Too clever? What did that bloody hat mean by potential? How could I possibly hold the most potential as a Gryffindor?Sure, she felt relieved. But it was mostly because she was finally done sitting in front of the entire student body with their eyes trained on her. Her shoulders finally relaxed, but the twinge of disappointment with her sorting remained.Hermione's thoughts were drowned out by the applause and cheers that erupted from the table of red and gold. She looked around, unsure of where to even sit. She felt overwhelmingly like a stray puzzle piece that was thrown into the wrong box.Her eyes met the two boys she had spent the train ride with and they gave her a smile of reassurance - Ron Weasley and Harry Potter. One a pureblood, one a half-blood. They both looked extremely nervous, and the redhead seemed to be practically shaking where he stood. Neither of them had been sorted yet.Ron was from a large family - all Gryffindors. Harry was an orphan, and as she had learned over the summer, was extremely famous. But she tried her hardest not to attack him with all the questions that swam through her head.Hermione wanted nothing more than to pick Harry's brain, to see if he remembered anything from that night with the Dark Lord. But she knew he already felt overwhelmed by everything. By all the attention he was getting from quite literally everyone in the school. Including the teachers.Once she took a seat next to the tall set of redheaded twins, who were clearly and undeniably related to Ron, her eyes met his. The blonde's. The one with ridiculous slicked back hair and chillingly light eyes.He quickly turned his head, tilting his chin up arrogantly. She couldn't stop herself from scoffing. Day one, and she had already found someone to despise, and he clearly seemed to feel the same way, though she couldn't comprehend why.They hadn't even exchanged words - he had approached Harry, and had come off entirely full of himself. It disgusted her. Disgusted her in a way that made her clench her fists and scrunch up her nose as if she smelled spoiled milk.But he seemed to make that same face naturally. Just another thing that rubbed her the wrong way.Self-consciously rubbing her hands over her hair, Hermione tried her best to flatten the frizzy mess that she would've given anything to replace. Straight hair. Curly hair. Wavy hair. Anything but her wasp's nest of a mane.She tried to braid it the night before in hopes that it would be smooth and pretty, but her mother quickly took a brush to it before they departed for King's Cross Station. All for nothing.Hermione didn't want to care about her appearance, but she supposed it was just part of being a girl. She tried to convince herself of it at least. If anything, she made a valiant effort to convince people she didn't care at all out of spite, especially after all the teasing and tormenting she had experienced.She was lost in her thoughts and before she knew it, Harry and Ron were taking the seats across from her looking ecstatic with their placement.But she couldn't help but notice when Draco Malfoy was sorted into Slytherin before either Harry or Ron had been sorted. The blonde seemed pleased, and rather unsurprised really at his new house. As if it was a given that he would be there.She fought the urge to snort at her observation - Slytherins didn't have a great reputation there, Draco Malfoy was proud to be a Slytherin, and he was possibly the most arrogant person she had ever met. It was all too fitting. Maybe the sorting hat knew what it was doing after all.<>As the years went by, Hermione found herself...disappointed. She loved magic. And Merlin, did she love being a witch. She loved Hogwarts. She loved her head of house, Professor McGonagall. But she didn't love her friends.They all referred to each other as "friends", but Hermione treaded lightly. Sure, they let her sit with them at mealtimes in the Great Hall, but other than that, their only interest in her seemed to be when it came to schoolwork.Hermione was top of her class - she wouldn't tolerate any less. She worked for it and deserved it, and she was bloody proud of it. I deserve that much.She even helped Harry get into the Chamber of Secrets. Godric knows they wouldn't have made it past the Devil's Snare without her. And that was only the tip of the iceberg.A thank you would suffice, but she didn't even get that. What did Hermione get? A pat on the back, some points for her house, and a simple "you're brilliant" from Ron.It would've been a kind compliment if he didn't say as many cruel things behind her back as he did. He had no clue that Hermione knew what he would say about her."She's mad, that one", Ron would say before him and Harry were even 10 feet away from Hermione. His voice echoed in her head, every insult, every rude comment about her hair. It remained loud and clear in her ears.But she wasn't confrontational, not yet. Not most of the time. It would take a lot for her to break because Hermione knew she was stronger than that. The words may get to her, but the last thing she'd ever do would be to let that on. To let it be known. Absolutely not.In third year when Malfoy's comments went too far, she punched him in the face, and it was glorious. Liberating wouldn't even do justice for the feeling Hermione got from it. Harry and Ron had been proud of her, but little did they know that Hermione wanted to take hold of that boldness and punch them in the face as well.Every time she looked at them, every time they asked for help with school, every time they went on another adventure where she saved their asses, all she could hear was, "I mean Merlin Harry, does she own a brush?" and "Ron don't be rude, she can't help that her hair is hideous. Besides, she's quite clever and we aren't doing so well in classes".She constantly felt used. To the rest of the school, they were the Golden Trio. Practically family. She spent several occasions at the Burrow with Harry, Ron, and the Weasleys who welcomed her with open arms. But they always underestimated her."Brightest witch of her age", they'd say with a surprised expression every time she did something that warranted that comment. As if it was a shock that a muggleborn could get the highest marks. As if it was a shock that a witch - not a wizard - could be the smartest and most talented in the school.No matter what she did, what grades she made, who she surpassed, it was never enough. All anyone seemed to care about was Harry, purebloods, and girls who were pretty. Girls whose hair didn’t look like Hermione’s.By the time she reached fourth year, she had learned a permanent charm that tamed her hair, and she was almost furious that she hadn't learned it years before. It was unbelievable. No one even noticed until Viktor Krum asked her to be his date at the Yule Ball. Suddenly Ron was interested. Suddenly people looked. They noticed.It made her sick that puberty and tamed hair was all it took. It didn't matter how smart or skilled or magically advanced she was to everyone else. But it mattered to her, so she didn't let up.Everything was building up inside, and Hermione knew this. She was patient. She tried. She was a good friend to Harry and Ron, but there was never any semblance of true appreciation or understanding of how valuable she was.Hermoine was about ready to give up on the concept of worth, honestly, until the day she received an owl from the last person she ever expected one from.When the letter was dropped into her lap, she practically jumped out of her seat in shock. Her cheeks heated rapidly, but Ron and Harry didn't even notice. She exhaled in relief and disappointment at the same time.It was a simple, average looking letter."You've got a letter", Ron said, looking down at it as if there was nothing peculiar about it.Hermione rolled her eyes in annoyance. "Yes", she responded dryly."Who's it from?", Ron asked curiously, eyes moving back and forth between Hermione and the letter."Ron, you're looking right at it", she said, squinting her eyes at him. Why am I still surprised by how daft he can be?"Yea, but it doesn't have anything written on the outside, Hermione", Ron said with a huff, his voice dripping with attitude. He turned away in annoyance."My mum's letters come unlabeled since it's a difficult process to get muggle mail here", Hermione mumbled before flinging her bag over her shoulder and rushing to the bathroom with the letter in hand.She double-checked that the bathroom was empty and locked the door before pulling the letter out and staring at it in disbelief. I'm dreaming. Hallucinating. Yes, that's it. One of those. This wouldn't be happening. Why couldn't Ron see the writing?The blood-red letters on the manilla-colored envelope in her hands seemed to burn into her irises. They felt threatening. Practically screamed, "don't open me". But how could she not.After all, it's not every day you get a letter from Lord Voldemort himself.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   song: madness - ruelle 

  
    {November 1995
  
Everyone knew he was back. Voldemort. Some questioned it, but everyone had heard about it by the time they returned to Hogwarts for their fifth year.Hermione couldn’t understand why some found this so difficult to believe, but she blamed ignorance. After all, Cedric Diggory’s body had appeared pale and lifeless before the entire school only months ago, along with Harry sobbing over him.It was gruesome to say the least, and a terribly painful loss for most. Even the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students were shaken up from it. The fear it incited was contagious, and yet, many refused to believe Voldemort could be back.
  Incredibly foolish. What else could explain Cedric’s death? Harry wouldn’t lie about that sort of thing.
She believed wholeheartedly that Voldemort was back. Although, it was less about her trust in Harry and more about a logical conclusion and realistic evaluation of the possibilities.Voldemort was known as the most powerful dark wizard in history. He managed to appear to Harry back in first year via the back of Professor Quirrell’s head. Why was it so incredulous a concept that he had managed to create a new body for himself?So no, it wasn’t a shock or difficult for Hermione to believe that Voldemort was back. She practically predicted it after Tom Riddle managed to manifest himself in year two. If anything, the situation was not only realistic, but highly probable.But that did nothing to ease the anxiety that climbed Hermione’s spine and spread beneath her skin. She was trembling, and certain that her breathing could be heard from a mile away.The longer she stared at the letter without opening, the feeling grew worse. Hermione was impatient as it was, but fear collided with that trait, and she was frozen in place.Her cheek was already raw from the vicious tearing at it she had done the entire walk to the girl’s loo. She shut her eyes and carefully pressed a fingernail underneath the fold of the envelope and broke the seal open.With a heavy exhale, she opened her eyes to analyze the parchment, which was covered in red ink just as the outside had been. Something told her that no one would be able to read it anyway. Ron hadn’t even been able to read the outside of it, but Hermione couldn’t recall ever reading about a charm that could do such a thing. She made a mental note to research it later in the library - most likely the restricted section.After calming herself as much as she felt possible, she bit the bullet and began to read.
  Miss Granger,

  I’m certain my letter will reach you as a surprise, but rest assured the contents are meant for you. No one but you will be able to read it, but pay close attention. It will demolish itself once you have finished it.

  You are a valuable asset in the endeavors I seek to accomplish. As the brightest witch of your age, I’m sure this statement requires no elaboration.

  On Wednesday at 11pm, one of my followers will receive and transport you to an undisclosed location. Once there, you will be more than welcome to ask any question your curious mind seeks answers to.

  DL
Dark Lord. The Dark Lord.Hermione’s stomach was churning at this point and her dinner threatened an escape. It was Monday. In two days time, a Death Eater would be coming to take her away. Would she be permanently there? Would she be taken back to Hogwarts? Was it only kidnapping if she went willingly?She scoffed at herself. Willingly. As if there’s a choice. He’ll probably use legilimency on me to obtain information. On the Order of the Phoenix. On Harry. Then kill me.She supposed things could be worse. After all, she was a muggleborn. Voldemort likely saw her as a pile of dirt simply in the way of a gold mine. I’m an obstacle and a path all at once.<>Tuesday and Wednesday were painfully slow-going. Hermione thought they would never end, and for once, she couldn’t even focus on her schoolwork. Harry and Ron only noticed because it was in the way of her completing their homework.“You all right, ‘Mione?”, Ron had asked, guiltily trying to conceal the true reason behind his curiosity. Not her wellbeing.“You do look a bit tired, have you been sleeping?”, Harry added before she had the chance to respond.They didn’t want answers to these questions. They wanted her to say “yes, I’m fine and yes, I can do your homework”. But she refused this time.“Actually, I haven’t been sleeping very well at all. I’m going to head to bed now, in fact”, she responded before glancing at the clock, taking note that it was a bit past 9pm, and gathering her books.The boys mumbled half-hearted ‘goodnight’s as Hermione walked up the stairs and away from the common room. She didn’t bother responding. The boys didn’t seem to notice or care anyway.Luckily, all of her roommates were either already asleep or not in the dorm when she got there. Hermione proceeded to lay in bed for a full two hours before the horror struck her that she wasn’t sure if she was meant to go somewhere else.What if she was seen leaving Hogwarts with a Death Eater? No, Voldemort is arrogant, but not stupid. If he needed me to meet the Death Eater somewhere, he would’ve said in the letter. I’m sure of it.It wasn’t until a bit past 11pm that a light knock came at her door.Her heart rate skyrocketed and she shot to her feet instantly. She made her way to the door on shaky legs and opened it just to find Lavender Brown. She tried her hardest not to scowl at the girl.“Um...hello Hermione. Draco is looking for you”, the girl told her.Hermione’s brows practically flew off her face, “Malfoy?”“Pretty sure that’s the only ‘Draco’ at Hogwarts, yes”, Lavender said in an attitude-laced tone.Hermione clenched and unclenched her fists before rolling her eyes and sighing deeply. “Right. Why?”, she asked Lavender.“How the hell should I bloody know? He said something about Umbridge but I started walking away before he could finish. I really don’t care what it is. I just want him out of the entrance of the Gryffindor common room. I mean really-”, Lavender rambled until Hermione cut the girl off, unable to take it anymore.“Got it, thanks”, she said dryly before pushing past the girl and making her way downstairs.  Draco Malfoy? Of all the times he could be screwing with me, this is not it. Not it at all. The common room was mostly empty at that hour on a Wednesday, so luckily she pushed through the portrait hole and outside Gryffindor tower without having to face anyone.Her eyes met his after the portrait shut behind her and there was a painful pause. Silver and blue and swimming with a facade like she had never seen anyone maintain in the way Draco Malfoy could. From the very first day she saw him, she could never forget those eyes.It felt as if an hour passed before Draco turned and began to walk away.“You’ve got to be joking”, Hermione said in frustration, huffing and crossing her arms.He turned to glance over his shoulder slightly but didn’t stop walking. “Granger, are you coming or not? I’d prefer not to force you, but I’ve been given instructions to do so if necessary”, he told her.Her veins ran cold. Harry had told her before that Lucius was a Death Eater. It made sense. There was nothing to refute it. But was Draco too? They were only 15. Surely not…She quickly jogged to catch up with him, struggling to keep pace with his long strides. He had grown quite a bit over the summer, but she hadn’t truly paid attention before then. He had to look down at her, but he didn’t let himself look very much in the first place.“You? You’re...I mean”, Hermione couldn’t place the words. Couldn’t pose the question.“Yes, surprise. Although I’m sure it isn’t much of one. Now please, at least try to keep up”, he said coldly and continued his ridiculous speed walking.Hermione rolled her eyes but kept up with his pace all the same. The entire situation was puzzling. She felt weirdly at ease with the fact that Lucius Malfoy or any other Death Eater would not be taking her to see Voldemort, but she still despised Draco. If anything, she hated feeling any semblance of relief because of him.
  It’s not because it’s him. It’s because it’s not someone else more experienced. Someone who’s killed people.
He led her all the way into the forbidden forest before wrapping his long fingers firmly around her arm. Before she could ask any questions or throw any angry insults, it felt as if she were being sucked into a tube and spit out forcefully.When they apparated to the location, she dropped to her knees and felt her stomach lurch. Draco simply wiped off his robes and rolled his eyes at her.
  Where and when the hell did he learn to apparate?
She almost asked, but he began to walk away. Hermione practically fell over trying to get up and follow him. She had no clue where she was, but there was no way in hell she was going to be left alone.She supposed the company of Draco Malfoy couldn’t be worse than no company at all in a Death Eater den.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   song: soldier - fleurie 

   {November 1995 
Their footsteps echoed loudly through the halls as they made their way through. Aside from that, it was painfully silent. Hermione’s ears were still ringing from the apparition and Draco didn’t appear to have any concern for her or allowing her to keep up with his long strides. Not that she cared anyway. She’d Avada him on the spot out of pure dislike if she could.When he finally slowed, her attention was drawn from the endless portraits of blonde-haired, pale-eyed Malfoy men that lined the walls. Draco glanced over his shoulder at her for only a moment before reaching for the large, mahogany double-doors and pushing them open softly.Malfoy Manor. There was no doubt at that point. Even if the portraits hadn’t given it away, the ridiculous amount of expensive decor and grim design of the home itself was enough.Much to Hermione’s surprise, Draco stepped back and gestured for Hermione to enter first, which she was certain wasn’t any sort of pleasantry. It was to ensure she had no way out. Not that she planned on running anyway, it wasn’t an option.She raised an eyebrow in scrutiny before stepping forward and taking the room into sight. Draco rolled his eyes in a much more deliberate way than necessary, as if his usual scowl wouldn’t have been enough to portray his blatant distaste for her. The feeling was mutual.There was a long, inky table spanning the room, of which Voldemort was seated in the center facing the doors rather than at the head of the table. The scene had all the workings of a sadistic ‘Last Supper’. Oh the irony. The wizard truly did see himself as a savior of sorts, didn’t he? Doing what was right for the people? A Lord. The Lord. At least he admitted he was a Dark one at that. Hermione fought the urge to laugh off her nervousness at the sight, immediately thinking better of it.Voldemort rose from his chair, bringing his arms out to the sides in welcome and his followers immediately did the same with an almost chaotic scraping of chairs.Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy stood out sorely a few seats down from Voldemort, their almost luminous hair glowing in the low light. Lucius wore a scowl identical to his son’s but Narcissa looked more reserved. Hesitant even.“Ah, Miss Granger. I trust your journey here was without conflict?”, the snake-faced man asked with a malicious tilt of his head.“Well apart from Malfoy’s horrific apparition skills, sure, it was smooth sailing”, Hermione responded with a grimace, causing Draco to scoff audibly behind her.She rolled her eyes and Voldemort laughed. Heavily. A disgusting, leprose, high-pitched laugh. The entire table hesitantly looked his way in surprise.When the noise ceased, Voldemort flashed a set of rotten, half-formed teeth at Hermione in what she supposed was meant to be a smile.“I knew you had potential”, he said to her, his tone going dark like the flip of a coin.Hermione fought the urge to shiver at his words.“You see, my dear, young witch”, Voldemort continued, “I’ve seen the flash of dark you keep hidden beneath, as well as the capability to be more. Much more.”Hermione took a deep breath, her chest rising up and down with nervousness, and she steadied her hands by holding them together behind her back.“I don’t entirely...understand what it is you want from me”, she finally responded, feeling as if she were sliding into a pit of snakes as the eyes of every Death Eater landed on her.Voldemort nodded slightly, a glimmer of mischief in his eye, “Miss Granger, how do you feel about your...friends?”Her heart stopped and threatened to explode. But then, she felt the anger and resentment inside spreading. “I’m sure I don’t know what you-”, she began but Voldemort silenced her by raising a hand.“You do. And that’s why you’re here. That’s why you didn’t put up any fight. Because though they claim outwardly and to your face that they’re your friends...”, he paused expectantly.She sighed before finishing for him, “They’re not.”“You should hear the things they say about you in confidence to one another”, he smirked viciously.Hermione gritted her teeth together, “I’m aware. I’ve heard more than I’d care to as it is”, she clarified.“While I regret the way you’ve been treated, I can assure you it won’t be that way here”, he said, gesturing around the room, despite the countless loathsome glares she received.“But I’m a mudblood”, she responded simply, and her stomach lurched when the entire room laughed jovially at her words.Voldemort silenced them quickly without pause, “While that is unfortunate, it doesn’t negate your potential, nor the fact that you are nothing less of an asset to me. You are, after all, the brightest witch of your age. Highest marks in your year if I’m not mistaken?”Hermione nodded softly, but couldn’t help but notice when Lucius glared at Draco where he still stood behind her.“So, you want me to...what? Be a spy? A double-agent of sorts?”, she asked, crossing her arms skeptically. An air of confidence suddenly surrounded her. He needed her. Voldemort needed her. And unlike everyone she knew, he was acknowledging her for her talents, her skillset, her intelligence, her potential. Oh yes, she liked that word.“All of those things and more. I need a right-hand...witch. An apprentice. I believe you are much more than meets the eye, Hermione Granger, and I plan to see it for myself”, he said with another tug of his thin, pale lips.Her mouth instantly went dry. Voldemort’s apprentice? There would be so much to learn...She took a few hesitant steps forward as Voldemort extended his left arm to her. A piece of her tugged, doubting her friends. Doubting Voldemort. Doubting herself. Doubting everything - even her surroundings and consciousness. The entire thing was insane. But so was Voldemort, so how could she be surprised?She raised her left arm in response, allowing him to take hold of it and pressing his icy, grey forearm against hers. There was barely a moment before her skin began to burn viciously, like an itch that couldn’t be scratched. Something irreversible. Something unnatural. She bit her cheek until it bled just to avoid screaming out in pain.When Voldemort finally pulled his arm away, she felt dizzy and unsteady on her feet. She glanced down hesitantly at her arm to find it. The Dark Mark. On her. The snake moved slightly as if chuckling at her, at her decision. It was still scalding to touch, as if Voldemort had pressed a branding iron into the tender flesh there.But then, something new swirled inside her. Something heavy and dark. Something...stronger. And she liked it. She felt powerful, and dare she say in-tune with the Dark Lord himself. Her eyes were unfocused now and the corners of her lips perked up. The rest of the table looked almost fearful, and she even caught sight of Draco looking rather uneasy.She met the Dark Lord’s searing gaze, who matched the grin Hermione wore.Things would be different now. She knew it. She was on the winning side. She was tired of being the most talented player on a losing, uncoordinated, foolish team. No more.Tonight, she would go back to her little dorm in Hogwarts as a different witch than she left as. She would be returning stronger. Bolder. As a winner. She was a mudblood, and yet, she would be returning as a Death Eater.<>Her mind swam with possibilities in the following days. With fear. With excitement. With pride. She wasn’t even sure what to expect, but there was a confidence that emanated from Hermione that she hadn’t held before. And she was determined to keep it, even if that meant pretending to be on the Order’s side.Draco however, was at a complete and utter loss. She hadn’t said a single word to him the entire trip back to Hogwarts. Not that it was a terribly long trek, and he hadn’t said a word to her either. But still, it was like an instant change. Like her hopes had transformed to endeavors. Her fears into inconveniences or hills to climb rather than mountains.Voldemort had effectively taken a lion cub and coaxed it into the leader of a pride. Hermione was now a weapon. She was a snake in the Order’s grass, and they would never see her coming. Would she strike? Was there a plan for her to strike?The Dark Lord had sent everyone out and put up wards so that he could speak privately with Hermione. Everyone was completely silent in the hall for the entire hour. No one moved or even breathed. Nothing but arrogant, self-serving Death Eaters shoved up against each other trying to hear what was happening. As if they could hear through a silencing spell. Pathetic.Draco had always been clever. He was book smart too, but not quite enough to match Hermione at Hogwarts, which his father had spared no shame for when it was brought up. He had heard the “a mudblood should never do better than you” speech more times than he could keep track of.But one thing he truly couldn’t get past was Hermione receiving the mark. He had received the Dark Mark himself, but only within the past month. His first real task was transporting Hermione to and from Hogwarts that night, if it could even be considered one. No other Death Eater had wanted to “lay a finger” on the mudblood, which was necessary to apparate her anywhere, and so the task was thrust upon Draco.He was new to apparating, that was true, and he wasn’t legally supposed to be doing so. But working for the Dark Lord had its work-arounds. Draco was certain Hermione couldn’t apparate, and the gall she had to critique his apparition technique was infuriating.She was infuriating. And beautiful. And intelligent. And now, the Dark Lord’s apprentice. And he hated her.What did that even mean? Apprentice?It had to be simply for the sake of convincing her to be entirely willing and compliant with Voldemort’s orders. She needed to feel important - more than just a luge for information. Yes, that was it.After all, why would the Dark Lord need an apprentice? Sure, he hadn’t said “successor”, but that term felt more in line with Draco’s sense of the situation. He was rather talented when it came to divination studies - his one subject that he could and would always best Hermione at. But that wasn't his only skill that contributed to his feelings around the situation.From a young age, Draco felt strong premonitions about things. Situations. Words. Feelings. Anything and everything. He inherited it from his mother, who, unbeknownst to Lucius, nurtured that gift with Draco in secret.“You’re an Augurium”, Narcissa had told him on his fifth birthday. The gift ran in the black family, but only passed to one sibling per generation. Her mother, Druella Black had been one, then Narcissa, then Draco.Narcissa had lost her powers of Augury after her miscarriage - what could have been Draco’s older sister. It felt like a piece of her soul had been taken, so she was overjoyed to find that Draco had received the gift. All was not lost. And so, she ensured that Draco was well in-tune with his Augury.Various translations described it as meaning “divination”, and “interpretation of omens”, but those were in cultures and societies that weren’t aware of magic.In the wizarding world, it meant more than having visions of the future and reading tea leaves. Much more. It was a rare and valuable gift. So valuable that those discovered to carry it would often be kidnapped and sold, but being pureblood left Narcissa and her Augurium relatives safe.And even on the other side of the door from the Dark Lord and Hermione, something didn’t feel right.Draco tried his best to ignore it, but Augury premonitions weren’t something that could be disregarded. Nonetheless, he tried.Voldemort was evil. That was no secret. It was as widely-known as the name of Merlin. So why did he get the feeling now that something else was amiss?As much as Draco hated Hermione, and the situation, and how he felt, he lingered outside the Gryffindor portrait for longer than he’d care to admit.Something was wrong. He felt every step she took away from him on the other side of the painting, because the baleful sense that surged through his veins lessened as she did so.Voldemort had something in the works. He wasn’t sure what it was. All he knew was that Hermione Granger was now involved, and he had delivered her straight to the snake’s nest for consumption.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   song: nothing is as it seems - hidden citizens, ruelle 

   {November 1995 
No one was more surprised by Hermione’s performance than Draco.When she led the Order straight into a trap in the department of ministries, no one even suspected her. It seemed that she always knew the exact thing to say, when to do it, and even how to say it.Hermione Granger wasn’t just the brightest witch, no, that didn’t do her justice. She was clever. Conniving. Astute. Perspicacious. And it didn’t take long for her to become the most valued Death Eater of them all.Regardless of what Voldemort threw at her, she passed each test with flying colors like the brilliant witch they all dreaded her to be. She never failed. She never blinked at a command. Hermione Granger was not who Draco thought her to be - not at all.She would regularly meet with Voldemort separately, receiving instructions unbeknownst to most of his other followers. But Draco knew. Not the context of these instructions, but of the meetings, because he was the one to escort her to each and every one of them.Hermione seemed perfectly fine with the extensive silence that seemed to accompany their every interaction. Only in passing or with very little substance were any words spoken between them. At times, even a scoff was comforting in place of the awkwardness.They were the very definition of foils - she was a mudblood, he was a pureblood. Her dark but soft features, his light but sharp ones. They came from completely different worlds, literally, and Draco wasn’t certain what side she was really on.If she truly was in favor of Lord Voldemort himself, why had she not simply killed Potter and Weasel at that point? True, the Dark Lord was too prideful to allow anyone the honor of killing Potter but himself, but wouldn’t it make more sense to take advantage of the situation?Every move the wizard made seemed full of pride. Not just seemed, it definitely was. It baffled Draco how all of these powerful, pureblooded, skilled wizards and witches could follow a man who’s plans seemed so distracted by his self-image.Everything was made more difficult than need be, especially with an asset like Hermione playing both sides. But who was she playing, truly? That much, he couldn’t quite figure out.Voldemort was a psychopath, that much was clear, and with that being so openly and widely known, it would’ve been easy to take advantage of it and take him down. In theory at least. Wouldn’t Hermione have done something if she was on the Order’s side?By the time Bellatrix killed her cousin, Sirius, even she had become envious of Hermione’s closeness to Voldemort.Afterwards, he hadn’t congratulated or praised Bellatrix for killing the closest thing to family that Harry Potter had left. Instead, he gave Hermione a “well done” for getting them all there, which wasn’t unwarranted, but the other Death Eaters were furious nonetheless.By the time sixth year rolled around and Draco was assigned the task of getting everyone into Hogwarts and murdering Dumbledore, he was absolutely on edge. The stress was practically pounding him into the very ground he stood on. His mother was terribly worried, and even sought Professor Snape for help, which she was unaware Draco knew about.But it wasn’t necessary. Voldemort had already declared his low expectations for Draco when he decided Hermione would “ensure his success”.“I don’t need a babysitter, Granger”, Draco told her while fiddling with the cabinet for what felt like the millionth time that year.“And I don’t want to be a babysitter, but clearly you’ve been deemed incapable”, Hermione responded with a roll of her eyes.“Well maybe you could actually help me then instead of standing over me like you’re my mother”, he said with a huff.Hermione stood from the old velvet chair she had sat in - one of the many random items that found their way into the Room of Requirement. “What exactly is it you expect me to do?”, she said as she crossed her arms.“Granger, who’s side are you on anyway?”, he asked, turning from the cabinet and training his eyes on her. He hated her. But Merlin did he love to look at her. She always looked nervous when he did - her cognac-colored eyes would dilate and she would bite her cheek.“I hardly think that question needs an answer”, she responded, furrowing her eyebrows at him.“Actually, I think it does”, he said, taking a step closer, causing her to take a step back.He was good looking, there was no denying it. But she couldn’t stand him. Everything about him. His bullshit pureblood superiority complex, the way his hair was an unnaturally light shade of blonde that most witches charmed their hair to even get close to. His sharp eyes that could slice her facade in two better than any blade. It was infuriating, and he made her squirm far too easily.He was arrogant, and not nearly as smart as he presented himself to be.“I mean really, aren’t they your friends”, he teased devilishly with a smirk that only crept up one side of his face.“No. They’ve said terrible things about me. Unspeakable things. They use me for schoolwork. They use and take advantage of me in general”, she said in a firm tone.“The Dark Lord uses you as well. And he hates your blood status. You’re disposable”, he bluffed. Draco knew this wasn’t true. She was valuable. Very valuable.Hermione scoffed at this, “Oh please. If that were true, he wouldn’t assign me to micromanage you when I’m more than capable of doing this task myself. Although watching you struggle is great entertainment”Draco grit his teeth together in anger as she continued, “And let’s not forget, he’s half-blood himself. Most muggleborns are not nearly as skilled or knowledgeable as I am”“Well if you’re so capable then why don’t you do it?”, he was trying to manipulate her into fixing the damned cabinet. It would save him a lot of trouble, but probably his life as well.“You wish. Maybe I’ll help if you ask me nicely, Malfoy”, she responded with a smug expression.“Help me fix the fucking cabinet, Granger”, he growled in frustration.Narrowing her eyes, she turned and took a step towards the door. “Wait!”, Draco shouted, causing Hermione to grin at his predictability.“Fuck”, he muttered, “Please Granger, help me fix the fucking cabinet.”She swiveled slowly on her heel to face him. She responded with a tilt of her head, “I suppose I could see what I can do”, she laughed. Draco rolled his eyes.Months went by before the job was done, but eventually, with the help of Hermione, they fixed the cabinet. It was only a matter of time before Snape had to step in for Draco to kill Dumbledore.Hermione wasn’t surprised. But she didn’t blame him either. Doing the Dark Lord’s bidding was one thing, murdering the Headmaster of Hogwarts was another. She watched the whole thing happen, but had to be careful not to be seen by Harry. However, he was a bit too distraught to have noticed her anyway.<>Hermione was spread thin to say the least. Traveling around with Harry and Ron looking for horcruxes was a lot more difficult when you were not just a spy for the enemy, but a Death Eater.She loathed Voldemort, but she loathed Harry and Ron as well. For the way they treated and spoke to her. It was hurtful and nothing short of disappointing. Every time she got irritated with Voldemort in any capacity, her “friends” would remind her why she was disloyal to them in the first place.But camping out for months wasn’t the worst part of what should’ve been their seventh year at Hogwarts. No. The worst part was having to allow Bellatrix to carve into her like a tree.Hermione wasn’t stupid, so she had concealed her Dark Mark to anyone who wasn’t a Death Eater. Lucius and Narcissa turned a blind eye as it happened, but the look of indecision was clear on Draco’s face. Even if they hated each other, they had begrudgingly grown closer between trips to and from Malfoy Manor to speak with Voldemort and spending months together working on the cabinet. Not to mention his loathing for his Aunt was nothing short of obvious.It hurt like a bitch too. The knife against the already muddled flesh of her mark.“You may think you’re superior to these others, that you’re on our level, even with your cowardly version of the mark we all proudly wear, but you’re not. I’ll remind you dear, and make sure you never forget it”, Bellatrix spat.Hermione’s screams echoed around the room painfully as the witch took her time marking her hideously with that dreaded word. Mudblood.Although most people couldn’t see all of it, she now had a Dark Mark with “mudblood” etched into it. One that wouldn’t heal. Ever.And Hermione just had to suffer through it, because she couldn’t turn against someone on the same side as her, not without giving anything away. The only thing that got Hermione through that pain without beating the woman senseless was this realization - jealousy. Raw and apparent jealousy. Bellatrix was envious that Voldemort had taken such a liking to Hermione.It was hard to hide her fear even with this realization - she simply couldn’t. But Hermione made a promise to herself when it was over. She would never show that kind of fear or vulnerability again.The next time she came back to the manor to meet with Voldemort and the other Death Eaters, Hermione crucio'd the woman until her magic gave out from exhaustion. Bellatrix had called for help from Voldemort, begging him to stop her, her screams paralleling Hermione's from only a few days before, but he simply watched as if it were a quidditch match with a clear winner.If anything, he seemed impressed by this new Hermione. One with more fury and less empathy. He was proud.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: I know your secrets - tommee profitt, liv ash

   {May 1998 
It was pure chaos. Streaks of color flew through the air, hitting accidental targets more often than not. The sun was rising ever-so-slowly but the violence filling the courtyard, skyline, and air around them seemed to drown out any semblance of purity or light.Hermione’s body threatened to give out with every spell she tossed or dodged, and she found herself questioning. Questioning it all -  what led me to this point?  It felt like a wretched, doped-up nightmare.Her vision was blurring at that point and she was certain that there was no strategy to use here. She hated it. She was a logical thinker, and the intensity of battle, the lack of time to plan and process every move, was driving her insane.To this day she didn’t understand the hat’s decision -  I think like a Ravenclaw  - but the hat insisted Gryffindor was where potential lay. But...potential for what, exactly?  This?  Fighting for the Dark Lord under the guise of an Order Member? None of it made sense.Hermione loathed when things didn’t make sense.She could kill to save herself, slash skin in defense of her own, cast an Avada Kedavra if it was absolutely necessary - but she had yet to do so. The sense of foreshadowing crept like a spider up the back of her neck, telling her it wouldn’t be long until she did. She knew this. Even if for no other reason than the fact that Voldemort would surely ask it of her at some point.It had been years now - of pretending, of tolerating, of  waiting.  She considered herself a patient witch, but that patience was truly running out.Her thoughts were disrupted by the rush of a spell grazing her ear - a killing curse. It grazed her lobe, stinging viciously and bleeding black onto the flesh. But she knew she was lucky it hadn’t truly hurt her.Like the brilliant, scholarly witch she was, Hermione knew what happened if one was  grazed  but not quite  hit  by a killing curse. An unsightly scar that if not taken care of would spread into a slower, more painful death, but there wasn’t time to address it now. She’d be fine for a few hours at least...she prayed to Merlin it wouldn’t be much longer.But that was when she realized who the curse had gone for - and who it had come from.Ron shot a killing curse at Malfoy. It was more so about knowing she’d be held responsible somehow for Malfoy’s demise and less about actually caring for his life - but the Dark Lord had paired them for assignments ever since the vanishing cabinet.She still loathed him, and he loathed her, but she quickly found him to be tolerable. Hermione was surprised to find he was actually intelligent when he wasn’t too busy forcing a scowl upon his pale features. She was jealous that he was better than her at divination, but she had always been skeptical of the practice anyway.But he was dueling Ron, and Ron was quite good at magic it turned out. Surprisingly good at killing curses as well - or maybe he was just angry enough.This was a turning point. It was time to expose herself for the sake of the side she was truly on. The charade had to come to an end now and she knew this. Although she wasn’t eager to kill Ron over it, no matter how much she heard his voice throwing insults in her ears any time their eyes met.He had made move after move on Hermione, and she denied each one respectfully. It was no surprise that he never took it well. But what did he expect? After years of rude comments, acting surprised whenever she did something impressive as if she wasn’t the brightest witch, as if she wasn’t their friend.But then her hips widened, her breasts grew, and she looked like a woman. And suddenly being nice to Hermione was everyone’s favorite pastime. The timing of it was not lost on her.On instinct, she shot a disarming spell at Ron - missed.  Fuck.  This was why she hated the rush and pressure of situations like these. He tried to turn over his shoulder to see who had aimed for him, but never suspected Hermione, glancing right past her instead.    
   Git. 
That was all it took for Malfoy to blow Ron backwards, catching him off-guard.Ron’s head cracked against the pavement of the courtyard, but the sound was drowned out by the chaos around them. Hermione rushed to Malfoy’s side, aiming her wand at Ron -“‘Mione? What are you doing?”, Ron asked, his pupils growing wide and his eyebrows furrowing in confusion as he scrambled for his wand.“I can’t let you do this”, she responded, still catching her breath from the dodging and sprinting she had done for what felt like hours now.“I don’t need your help Granger, I can handle myself, thanks”, Malfoy said angrily, his eyes flickering to her before returning to the redhead who had now found his footing.She scoffed before quickly shoving him out of the way of a killing curse, causing them both to fall against the cold stone ground, the green light flying over their heads.She landed on top of him, her knees breaking the fall, blood seeping through the fresh tears in her jeans. Her elbows were braced on either side of his head, their faces far too close. Her breathing stopped. His breathing stopped. Time stopped.Silver met caramel for the briefest of moments before Malfoy was shoving her off of him and her back met the ground. She groaned in pain from the impact of their fall combined with him throwing her off in such a way -  can’t stand that bloody… Malfoy was already up as Ron closed in. “Keep your bloody hands off of her!”, he shouted before throwing another killing curse. Malfoy dodged it. Again.Avada. Dodged. Yelling. The world was spinning. There wasn’t a choice, he wasn’t stopping. She couldn’t help but notice Malfoy refusing to throw anything but shields back. Did he have a death wish?This was it - her time to think. Even if only brief, and not nearly long enough. She made a decision.Standing and grabbing her wand that had rolled a few feet away, she turned, aiming her wand at Ron’s back.“ Avada Kedavra! ”The redhead went stiff from head to toe before toppling to the ground like a statue with a bone-shattering  thud .Malfoy turned, his body tense, staring at her in shock.  A killing curse. Her first killing curse. And her last..? But she felt another set of eyes. Eyes that held betrayal. Confusion. Hurt. A set of blue-green pools, too shocked to produce tears at all.Harry.
  
    Chapter Text
    
   Song: Back to Black - Amy Winehouse 

  
    {May 1998
  
“‘Mione…?”, came Harry’s hesitant, quivering voice.Hermione hadn’t moved. Malfoy was staring. Harry was staring. The rest of the world seemed to move around them as if they were under a shield.Her skin prickled with dark magic - bumps rising all along her arms and legs from the stimulation of power lingering there. It was similar to when she crucio’d Bellatrix, but...better. More vigorous. Enthralling, even.She shivered from the sensation and found herself at a loss for words. “Harry…”, she countered his words.The dark-haired boy quickly dodged a spell, rolling to the ground and sprinting their way. He stopped in front of her, tears forming in his eyes now. “Why did...why...you…?”, he was confused for obvious reasons. But he was in shock as well. It didn’t make sense. Hermione knew this.She wasn’t evil. She was fed up. At that point, she felt after seeing both sides of the coin, at least one was up front with their thoughts and acted upon their beliefs. For a bunch of Gryffindors, she found the Order cowardly, and that included Harry.Wordlessly, she rolled up her left sleeve to reveal the “mudblood” written there, but that wasn’t the only thing. Harry furrowed his brow in confusion until she waved her wand over it, revealing the Dark Mark that was previously hidden from view.He froze. It was possible he stopped breathing. The tears in his eyes began spilling down his cheeks. He shook his head hectically, “no….no you….you can’t be”, he stumbled over his words.Hermione exhaled deeply. There were no words to be exchanged. No explanations to give. Nothing that would make this better for him - nothing that he would understand. It was too much information to process in a setting like this one.And on top of that, there was once again no time.Everything halted when Voldemort floated through the center of the courtyard and his voice cut through their ears. “Enough”, he said simply, as if scolding a group of children who’s playing had gotten out of hand.“The diadem...Hermione did you-?”, Harry muttered next to her, still trying to differentiate the trust she held and had now broken. She looked into his eyes blankly.“Did you destroy it?”, he asked her in a hushed whisper.The surrounding crowd began backing away to reveal them - Hermione, Malfoy, Harry, and Ron’s pale corpse on the ground. Hermione hung her head. She had thought plenty about this moment - of course she had. But that moment was here, and she wasn’t sure she was ready for what she knew was to come.Harry’s hands shook next to her. “There’s always been a winning team, you just refused to see it”, she whispered before squeezing his hand and backing away, leaving him directly in Voldemort’s path.He couldn’t think straight - Nagini is still alive...Snape’s memory showed I'm a horcrux...did Hermione destroy the diadem? She’s not on my side. She killed Ron. - Harry could feel the weight of it all coming down on him like an anvil. There's always been a winning team, Hermione said. Well, he saw it now. Saw what his glasses hadn’t made clear for him.It was always going to end this way. There wasn’t a chance. There hadn’t ever been one.He clenched his jaw and shut his eyes, preparing for the blow to come.“No last words of wisdom? No inspiration for your colleagues? Where’s that Gryffindor bravery gone off to?”, Voldemort chortled coldly, drifting ever closer. The Death Eaters surrounding him forced laughs with the excemption of Malfoy and Hermione.Harry’s eyes shot open to meet Voldemort’s - a disgusting, pale, blood-red. They flickered to Hermione and he simply shook his head. “How could you?”, he practically whimpered with hurt from her revelation, mourning for Ron and his friends, mourning for the wasted effort of his entire life.Hermione simply turned her head to the ground, refusing to meet his gaze. He swallowed hard. And it hit him like a ton of bricks - I have no idea who she is, and I never have.He turned back to Voldemort, only to find rotten teeth glaring at him. Harry shook his head in resignation.It was anticlimactic, really. His death. After years of fighting, thousands dead, all to end with a flash of green and a boy with a scar lying dead on the ground.Voldemort called out in agony when the spell made contact with Harry’s chest, but it was short-lived. 1/7 of his soul went along with the boy who lived. A small price to pay for victory.It was over. All those years spent fighting the inevitable had come to an end. But both sides had the same question hovering in their heads - what now?
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: black out days - Phantogram
  

  
    {May 1998
  

  No one talks about what happens after a battle. After thousands have died and their bodies are scattered like flower petals down a wedding aisle.

  Delicate, fragile, and ultimately, no longer living.

  Lord Voldemort didn’t care about those bodies - which was of no surprise to any of them. What was a surprise was his speedy exit from the courtyard as he headed straight into the castle. As if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.

  “Lucius, Draco, Theo, Greyback, Yaxley, Dolohov, Cormac - round up those who are still alive. If they’re severely injured, finish them,” the pale, hovering figure turned to face the other Death Eaters.

  
    Cormac?
  

  The blonde lowered his hood and removed his mask, and sure enough, there stood Cormac McLaggen himself. Hermione hadn’t been the only spy apparently.

  She knew about Snape, of course, but they hadn’t mentioned the fact that they were both at meetings for the Order and for the Dark Lord. A mutual understanding and a mutual distrust at the same time.

  “Lestrange - both of you, Bellatrix, Goyle, Crabbe - get rid of the corpses. I don’t want 
  
    my
  
   courtyard smelling of rotten flesh”, the wizard finished.

  “My Lord!”, Bellatrix said, taking a bold step forward but freezing in place when Voldemort leveled those beady, red eyes on her.

  “W-what would you like us to do with…” she trailed off, realizing the answer - Voldemort didn’t care.

  No one in the courtyard should have been surprised by this. What was surprising was that Voldemort still wanted the school.

  With her head full of onyx black curls tilted downward, the women took a hesitant, trembling step back to where she previously stood.

  Voldemort swiveled once more, “Hermione, Severus - with me”.

  Hermione could feel Malfoy’s gaze settle on her in question - as if it was any of his business. Besides, it was anyone’s guess what exactly she was needed for.

  Half of her brain begged her to run, to flee, to get the hell away from that place before he killed her. But the other half said to go. The half that truly enjoyed killing Ron. Not because he was Ron, but because it was her first try at a killing curse, and she had succeeded. Not to mention the thrill and pure euphoria that ran through her veins like heroin as her magic struck life and overcame it. It was fascinating. Exciting. Fucking addicting.

  Only a few of those left over from the resistance dared attempt to escape. They were killed on site. The others learned from this quickly and didn’t dare try it for themselves.

  With a practiced facade to cover her nerves, Hermione took a steady step forward, following behind the Dark Lord - Snape flanking her on her right side. That ever-present scowl was too familiar. Oh how odd it was to think he had taught her for years, and now, they were apparently held on the same level of value to Voldemort.

  <>

  After hours of searching to no avail, plus countless broken objects and blown through walls, Voldemort gave up his search for Ravenclaw’s diadem - what he had gone into Hogwarts for.

  He failed to mention the value of this diadem, but it didn’t matter. Hermione knew fully well that it was a horcrux. And she knew where it was, too. She ultimately decided to keep this information to herself.

  Whether Snape knew the true significance of Voldemort’s missing item remained a mystery. One that Hermione didn’t like going unsolved. But she didn’t trust him.

  By the time they walked back out into the courtyard, all the bodies had been removed and the leftover resistance members were nowhere to be found.

  “Where did they take them?”, she asked in barely a whisper, standing next to the towering Malfoy heir himself.

  “To Heaven, I suppose”, he responded, sarcasm dripping arrogantly from his tongue.

  Hermione scoffed at his response, “answer the bloody question, Malfoy”, she demanded.

  “I’m afraid I missed the chapter of this story where I owed you a 
  
    damned
  
   thing”, he responded, training cold, silver eyes on her.

  When she didn’t respond, giving a firm look of annoyance instead, he continued.

  “Where did he take you and Snape?”, his eyes had softened slightly with his curiosity.

  She didn’t even grace him with a response. How dare he refuse to answer her questions and then ask her one?

  She was sure he’d just love to know where they had been, and what they had been doing. And just for that, she wouldn’t tell him. Instead, she laughed and stepped away, careful to avoid blood stains that remained across the ground beneath their feet.

  “Today”, slithered Voldemort’s voice into the ears of every Death Eater, “We are victorious.”

  No one in the courtyard moved. It was unclear whether applause or silence was expected. That question was answered when Voldemort proceeded with his speech.

  “Tomorrow is another story. Now is when the true battle begins. We have torn down the remnants of mistakes made by the previous state of our leaders and society. It’s time to rebuild and enforce what is right.”

  The silence saturated the air for a few moments before a voice broke through it. “To the Dark Lord!”, Bellatrix shouted. Hermione fought the urge to kill the woman right then and there.

  “To the Dark Lord!”, everyone followed jovially.

  Hermione didn’t like not knowing the specifics of what the future held, and she never had. Despite knowing who would be in charge, her future had never felt as uncertain as it did then.

  
    To the Dark Lord, indeed.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
   song: fire drill - melanie martinez 
The memories would always come to her at the worst times, almost as if on some post-traumatic schedule. Their voices would drift through her ears and away with the breeze like whispers. Like their words weren’t meant to be heard.Crystal clear, as if they were spoken yesterday, they took up residence in Hermione’s mind more than she could ever admit. More than she wanted them to. Sometimes she wished she could obliviate  herself .
   {Year 1 
“She’s a bit pesky isn’t she”, Ron’s voice echoed through the common room. Hermione’s feet practically skidded to a halt at the top of the stairway to the girls’ dormitory. “It’s like she’s always trying to prove something”, he added.  I don’t have to prove anything...I’m just trying to help them. Do what I can. No, I’m not trying to prove… “No shit. It’s like all she cares about is impressing people. She’s so arrogant - like there isn’t a passing day she can go without reminding us she’s smarter. If you’re so smart then do our homework too!”, Harry responded, letting out a loud, howl of a laugh.Hermione was struck with the realization that they were 11 year old boys, and tried to tell herself this was typical. Them speaking this way. But it was all too reminiscent of her schoolmates from home that she had only just gotten away from.“That wouldn’t be the worst thing to happen”, Ron chuckled, “It’d be very helpful actually”, their snickers echoed through the hall again and rang through Hermione’s ears like an alarm.  They’re supposed to be my friends… “Bloody hell, mate, you know she’d do it. Any chance to show how academically superior she is, you know she’ll take it”, Harry responded.Hermione felt the sting of tears dotting her eyes and swiveled on her heel, heading straight back to her dorm.  Supposed to be my friends…  Her tears dotted her Gryffindor-red comforter as she sobbed in silence, thanking Merlin her roommates had already gone down for dinner that night. She decided to skip dinner, herself.
   {Year 2 
“Come on, ‘Mione, only witches with  daddy issues  could have a thing for  Gilderoy Lockhart ”, Ron scowled at her, turning his nose up as if disgusted by the thought of a 12 year old girl having a crush.“That’s not true!”, she argued with the redheaded boy, “He’s intelligent, witty, handsome - think of all the things we could learn from him!”“He’s an arrogant git. You’re just too blind to see it”, Harry responded, supporting Ron wholeheartedly.  Too blind… “Honestly, we all know you have the highest marks in our year, you’d think your female hormones wouldn’t get in the way of seeing something so blatantly  obvious ”, Ron shook his head as if disappointed in her, his freckles catching the dim lighting in the library.“I’d expect  slutty  impulses and thoughts from someone like...like Pansy Parkinson!”, Ron practically spat these words, “but not from you”Hermione felt the heat rushing through her cheeks rapidly in embarrassment. There was nothing to say or do. No way to defend herself. How could they attack her or even  imply  she had slutty impulses and thoughts over a simple, schoolgirl crush?  Supposed to be my friends...my friends? 
   {Year 3 
“She’d be a lot less boring if she’d bother to learn a thing about quidditch”, that same familiar, taunting, judgemental voice came from around the corner of the hall by the transfigurations classroom.“Not every witch can be Angelina Johnson”, the dark-haired boy with bright eyes responded to his friend.“Well, it’s a shame isn’t it? Intelligence just isn’t enough to keep a man entertained...what? Don’t look at me like that. You know I’m right!”, Ron whisper-yelled at Harry. “If anything, she’s lucky we put up with her”“I mean, she’s been there for us, Ron, done so much for us…”, Harry slightly defended, which made Hermione feel almost better about what her “friends” were saying behind her back. Almost.“Then why don’t you marry her?”, Ron said teasingly, a clear sarcasm in his tone.“Hell no!”, Harry said all too quickly, as if he couldn’t be more disgusted. “She’s...I mean...not...her hair and…”“That’s what I thought”, Ron laughed, “You can’t tell me I’m wrong because I’m not.”Hermione clenched and unclenched her fists, torn between hurt and anger. Dwindling self-confidence and defensiveness.  Not really my friends… 
   {Year 4 
“Where did those curves come from? And did you notice her teeth? They look so much better”, Harry whispered in Ron’s ear as Hermione came into view with Viktor Krum. Ron’s face twisted in disgust and jealousy he didn’t have the right to have.“I used to  hate  looking at her teeth. Her parents are dentists right? Those teeth people? How were her’s so hideous in the first place? Blimey...I know what I’ll be wanking off to later”, Ron stated, a slight blush rising in his cheeks.This conversation took place right in front of Pavarti and Padma Patil, who wasted no time informing Hermione of their verbal exchange.
   {Year 5 
“You both think you’re so special don’t you - better than me even - knowing what was happening all summer while I was just left in the dark!”, Harry shouted at Ron and Hermione. This argument had already been hashed out so many times that Hermione lost count.“Harry, we didn’t have a-”, Hermione began, only to be cut off by the furious “chosen one”.“You  did  though. You  did  have a choice. To tell me. I mean, it’s the  least  you could do for me after all  I’ve  been through.”Even Ron ground his teeth together at Harry’s words this time. All   he’s   been through? The least I could do for   him   ? Wow. 
   {Year 6 
She wasn’t entirely sold on being a Death Eater. She wasn’t even sure herself what side she was truly on until the day she obliviated her parents. Do they even care? No.  She was certain by their reactions, or lack thereof.“I had to…”, Hermione struggled through the tears falling down her face. She had to tell someone. She had no one else to tell. So of course, she told Harry and Ron.“Had to obliviate my...my parents...oh God”, her shoulders shook and she sobbed into her hands. The boys stared at her awkwardly.“So sorry ‘Mione...that’s, that’s awful”, Ron stated.
   That’s it? No comfort? Not even a hug? ‘Sorry’ and ‘that’s awful’? They don’t care about me or what I go through. They’re not there for me the way I am for them. They’re not there. It’s just me. I’m alone. 
 They’re   not   my friends. I see that now. I   see. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: easy - son lux

  {June 1998
Hogwarts was no more.It was unrecognizable after the Battle, and Voldemort decided that wasn't enough.The castle was entirely rebuilt on the Dark Lord's orders, and even re-named.What took its place was the Slytherin School of Dark Arts - SSDA for short. No houses. No sorting hat. No portraits of previous Headmasters and Headmistresses.In their place were portraits of Salazar Slytherin and his descendants, which included Lord Voldemort himself, of course.The ghosts were long gone, the classrooms rebuilt, and the Room of Requirement enchanted to be a sort of mental "punishment chamber" for students.It surprised Hermione that the wizard even cared to set up a new place of education for young students, but then again, it only added to the "pureblood society" he had in mind. The irony of her - a mudblood - being so high up in his ranks was not lost on her.Everything felt empty. The death of Harry and Ron was not something Hermione wanted. Sure, they hurt her significantly, beyond the point of forgiveness. But it was disorienting for life to be so drastically changed in the span of 24 hours - and for so many to be gone...Theodore Nott was appointed a heavy task. Not only was he instructed to re-work the entire system upon which the Ministry and the wizarding society in England operated. No, that wasn't heavy enough in itself.He was to document the blood status of each and every witch and wizard in England, capture those with an unknown blood status until their lineages could be revealed, and execute anyone with less than 50% wizarding genetics. The social status, freedoms, and regulations of those who were less than pureblooded were yet to be determined.At that point, Hermione basically accepted that her days were numbered. Until Voldemort distinctly told her otherwise.She had grown stronger in her own resolve over the past few years, but the sensation of ice solidifying and encompassing her spine always occurred when the Dark Lord entered a room."Hermione", he greeted. She half-expected maggots to crawl out of his teeth whenever he smiled, and was almost surprised they never did. She battled the urge to shiver."My Lord", she responded with a slight dip of her chin."Don't think I didn't take note of your performance", he said in an indecipherable tone.Hermione quirked her brow slightly in confusion. "You disposed of the Weasley boy. I'm quite proud of you, my young apprentice. I look forward to seeing more of this strength in you", he grinned. His breath was like mildew and rotten eggs in her face."Why, thank you, my Lord", she responded, forcing a smile of appreciation for his "praise"."While I have the plans for SSDA predominantly laid out, there is an empty position...", he tilted his head, as if expecting the witch to catch on to what he alluded to."I'm beyond grateful to teach Charms in the upcoming school year, my Lord, could I be of assistance in your predicament?", she said, taking in short, brief bits of air while fighting the stench of his.Voldemort chuckled, placing an icy hand on her shoulder. "I'd like you to be the Headmistress, my dear"Hermione swallowed roughly, almost choking. "My Lord...while I am honored, truly-""Yes, yes, blood status. I know. You're too valuable to me, remember? No one will dare go against or argue with what I've decided. And if they do...", he chuckled, the sound reminiscent of gravel on pavement."Thank you, my Lord, how could I possibly-", she was cut off again."Unnecessary. I expect you'll need no guidance for this position", he stated plainly. With a twirl of his wand, a folded piece of parchment appeared in his hand, which he handed to Hermione before disappearing.As soon as the wizard was gone and she was alone in her room at the SSDA (where she had been staying since the battle considering she couldn't contact her parents - it was too late), she practically tore open the page.
  Headmistress: Hermione Granger

  Hermione Granger - Charms

  Draco Malfoy - Divination

  Lucius Malfoy - Transfiguration

  Severus Snape - Potions

  Bellatrix Lestrange - Dark Arts

  Neville Longbottom - Herbology
While the second-to-last name on the list infuriated her, it was the Herbology professor's name that she lingered on. Neville Longbottom.Despite fighting for the resistance before Lord Voldemort's victory, Neville Longbottom was a pureblood wizard. And thus, he was allowed to live.Hermione didn't know what she would've done if Neville was killed - he had always been kind to everyone. Especially her. He didn't deserve to die, not that anyone truly did...When it was debated whether or not Neville would be executed, Hermione stepped up. She had to. It wasn't a choice of doing or not doing it.Typical of herself, she took the time making notes and writing an entire speech to convince the Dark Lord of his value. His vast knowledge of magical plantlife (she knew how much Voldemort valued knowledge), his pureblood status, and his magical abilities in general. The only thing the wizard lacked was confidence in himself. At the moment, all he had was fear and hatred towards the situation he was thrust into, and he couldn't be blamed for that.No one seemed to be too thrilled about the situation, with the exception of Lucius Malfoy, Bellatrix Lestrange, and a handful of Death Eaters. Most of his followers seemed to be there out of sheer fear in all honesty.However, she didn't anticipate him being a co-worker of hers. Even thinking the word "co-worker" felt wrong. Unnatural. Disjointed with the world they now lived in.But here she was, surprisingly, living in and through it. Nothing made sense anymore, and despite her nature, she was almost sick of trying to make sense of things.She felt powerless, honestly. If she would've sided with the Order, she would've died. If she sided with the Dark Lord and his minions, well, clearly she was allowed to live.No one will put you first, so you have to - she constantly reminded herself. It felt selfish. But it also felt justified in many ways.She was given an unfair shot in this life simply because of her lack of magically-inclined ancestors. But she was past the concept of fairness. It simply didn't exist.If only an 11-year old Hermione, freshly placed under the sorting hat and begging for Ravenclaw, could see her now. Death Eater. Murderer. The Dark Lord's apprentice. And most recently, the first Headmistress of the Slytherin School of Dark Arts.
  
    Chapter Text
    song: cruel world - phantogram
  {July 1998
The first Slytherin School of Dark Arts staff meeting was cumbrous to put it lightly.The group sat at an expensive, oakwood, circular table with matching high-backed chairs, each of which portrayed engravings of the Slytherin crest.Hermione had stacked and restacked her notes countless time, sitting in the room alone for a good two hours before anyone else arrived. Much to her annoyance, Malfoy was the first. Professor Malfoy - she thought, battling the chuckle that threatened to rise in her throat.“Granger? You’re teaching?”, his look of surprise was beyond insulting. As if she wasn’t already in far better graces with the Dark Lord than him.“Headmistress”, she corrected, mimicking that perfected look of arrogance the blonde always managed to carry.His eyebrows shot up in surprise, the dark pupils of his crystalline eyes blown wide. She simply shook her head, allowing herself a small noise of amusement this time. “However, I am teaching charms”, she added as a second thought.“Hm...right. Well I’m teaching-”, he began, raising a finger as if stating a fact straight out of a textbook.“Divination”, she cut in, reminding herself that she was his boss now. Despite the ghastliness of the reality which was their lives at that point, a sense of pride filled her chest like a balloon.His jaw clenched, that subtle line ticking against his pale face. It was then that she took in his attire, as he strutted over to her with purpose, as if he were an animal prowling her way.His black, glossy dress shoes were astoundingly quiet against the stone floor. Just like he had been before the battle, he was head-to-toe in black. A typical Death Eater color-scheme, minus the typical robed attire. His pants clung tightly to his thighs, which seemed slightly larger than the last time she had seen him. The black button up left no inch of his lean frame to the imagination.He was...he was...bloody fucking attractive. His confident stride towards her did nothing to help Hermione’s wandering thoughts either.She refused to move a muscle, even when he leaned in a bit too close for comfort. She stared straight back at him, refusing to back down, refusing to let him intimidate her. Refusing to show weakness.His scent encompassed her like a blanket, filling her nostrils and sending warmth to an unspeakable place. It was clean, not in a clinical way that felt like it singed your nose hairs. Like fresh showers and storms. Like strolling through the woods after it’s rained - minus the smell of dirt.Her mind created images briefly, his pale, bare torso, water dripping from the tips of his flaxen hair and down his shoulders as the strands clung to his forehead. She squeezed her eyes shut to clear the image, his voice cutting into her ears and his heated breath against her nose.“Congratulations. You’ve moved on to a new stage of life and still can’t help but be a know-it-all.”, he sneered at her.“It’s my job”, she retorted, “There’s a reason I was chosen for this and, well, you weren’t.” She tilted her head, leaning slightly closer to counter his intimidation tactics, “Jealousy is exceptionally unattractive, Malfoy. You wouldn’t want to scare Pansy off with your fragile masculinity, would you?”She could practically see the flames in his eyes igniting. Hermione hated conflict, but something about conflict with Malfoy had always sparked her adrenaline and left her wanting more.“Oh Granger”, he said, reaching around to fist a handful of her hair, causing her to gasp in shock. He was touching her. Even if it wasn’t gentle. “That’s where you’re wrong”, his words danced across her scarred ear as he leaned closer, pulling her face forward. “There’s nothing fragile or unmasculine about me”, his voice was almost a growl. It was a threat. She knew this. But her body responded as if it were a promise.He released her curls and she scowled at him, playing off what she truly felt and was entirely embarrassed by. “Don’t ever fucking touch me again”, she spat in his face as he took a subtle step back from her chair, sliding his slender, ringed fingers into his dress pants.He smirked slightly, drawing up a corner of his lip, “The next time I do, it’ll only be because you’re begging me”, his voice was low and permeated her angry facade like a needle.“In your dreams”, she responded, forcing an expression of disgust.“I’m sure”, he responded before making his way around the table and sitting directly across from her. They sat in silence for the next 30 minutes, until finally Lucius Malfoy walked in, making it even more awkward.“Draco”, he acknowledged, barely glancing at his son before taking the seat next to him. He didn’t even bother acknowledging Hermione.It wasn’t until the rest of the staff showed up a few moments later that their jaws dropped in astonishment when she took lead of the meeting.“Enough jokes, mudblood”, Bellatrix challenged, kicking her pointy-toed black boots up on the table.Hermione rose from her chair confidently, “Professor Lestrange, I’m afraid there are no time for jokes. From now on, you may refer to me as ‘Headmistress Granger’. Or simply, ‘Headmistress’, if you’re feeling friendly”, she smirked devilishly. Oh this was too good.The woman’s lips pulled downward, her mouth hanging open and her eyes narrowing. She continued her speech before giving the woman a chance to complain or respond.
  That’s right. Go cry to Voldemort about your mudblood superior. I dare you.
Neville sat silently the entire time, refusing to look at Hermione. The pang in her chest wouldn’t go away, especially whenever she glanced over to find his eyes cast down, his arms crossed, and his slouched spine in the Slytherin-branded chair.<>Once the meeting was finally over and she dismissed them, Draco gave her a glare before rolling his eyes and walking straight out with the others. All except Neville.“Neville”, she began, taking a step towards his chair. He immediately shot up, backing away from her slightly.“You mean Professor Longbottom?”, he said with a voice full of malice.“Listen to me, Neville, please. Let me explain”, she practically begged, taking another step forward as he took yet another back.“Why should I do that? I don’t even know you. Have I ever? You’re unrecognizable. You’re a traitor. Do you know what haunts my dreams every night? The look of sheer terror and betrayal in both Ron and Harry’s eyes that day.”, he tensed his entire body as if remembering it even then, like a clear photograph in his mind.“I won’t tell you, I’ll show you. Please, Neville. Please”, she took another hesitant step forward, her heart pounding against her ribcage.“How exactly do you plan to do that, Headmistress?”, he spoke as if there was a bitter aftertaste on his tongue from an expired candy.“The Pensieve”, she responded before walking straight past him. She could only pray he would follow.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  TW: sexual assault & implied rape/non-con

   song: High School Sweethearts 

   {July 1998
The former Headmaster’s office felt incredibly dark - and empty. Hermione had only visited it once since receiving the position.Upon this job offer (more of an assignment really), she had one request - to keep the pensieve.Her hands practically shook as Neville followed behind her silently into the office and to the pensieve where it was placed in the corner. The rest of the office was unfurnished, and painfully eerie due to the lack of light and missing headmaster portraits.“I won’t bother with explanations, I’ll just…”, Hermione said, turning to face Neville with her chin slightly tilted towards her feet.Raising her wand to her temple, she pulled forward and extracted the selected memory before carefully placing it into the pensieve.She wasn’t certain what was more difficult - reliving the memory, or showing it to someone, but she knew she could trust Neville. He was an insanely empathetic person, surely he would understand after seeing  this  .  Right? With clear skepticism on Neville’s part, he approached the device with Hermione, and they dove into the memory together.<>The lighting in the tent was dim as the image of Hermione swam into view. It was freezing outside, which was apparent due to the fact that Hermione was wrapped up in an oversized coat. One that likely belonged to Harry or Ron and was being borrowed.They were in the middle of their search for horcruxes. Hermione was alone in one of the back rooms of the tent, seated against the headboard of the small, twin-sized bed, reading The Tales of Beedle the Bard.Harry must have been on watch now outside, as Ron was stumbling into the room, clearly having had more than one too many drinks.“‘Mione”, the burly redhead muttered in a throaty voice - almost a groan.“Ron”, Hermione greeted him. “I’ve been reading up some more on the book Dumbledore left for me and-”“Do you realize how bloody  mouth-watering  you are?”, Ron growled, his eyes set on her and his footsteps slowly growing closer. The bruise-like bags under his eyes were exaggerated further by the low light. He could barely speak in a way that was understandable to Hermione’s ears.“Huh?”, Hermione responded in confusion as a slow chill crept up her spine. She pivoted to sit with her feet hanging off the side of the bed, placing the book delicately on the side table.Before she could take in another breath, the oxygen was torn from her lungs as Ron’s sloppy, wet lips overwhelmed hers.She tried to pull away but his hand looped in her ponytail tightened, yanking so hard that she cried out in pain, the sound only being muted by Ron’s mouth.“I’ve always wanted to do this”, Ron groaned into her neck, yanking the jacket down her arms and leaving bruises all over her collarbone.“Ron, please”, she begged, trying to pull away, but he was so much stronger than her.“Oh, say it again ‘Mione”, he whispered against her ear. She felt nauseous, the small amount of food she’d had that day threatened to escape her stomach.“Stop. Ron,  please  stop”, she cried softly, tears forming in her eyes.“I’ll take care of you ‘Mione. I love you, ‘Mione. Always wanted you like this. Just beautiful”, he praised, his left hand finding its way to the zipper of her jeans and pulling it down.He pushed her down against the bed by her shoulders, bearing his weight on her, only increasing the feeling of disgust that began eating at her skin.She couldn’t reach her wand, and he didn’t seem to have his nearby for her to take. He was so much larger than her. She had never felt so powerless in her life.She gasped and choked on her own tears and Ron’s hands continued their assault on her innocent, unconsenting skin. “Please don’t, please”, she tried once more.“So beautiful, and just for me. Always dreamed about this”, he said, his hand sliding into her jeans and below the waistband of her panties.<>That’s when they were pulled out of the nightmare Hermione had allowed herself to relive, simply for the purpose of showing Neville. Because she needed him to understand. There was more to this situation than hurtful comments and lack of recognition.  So much more. Neville’s eyes were filled with tears and his skin looked green.“I...Hermione…”, he hesitated, his hands shaking with disgust. “I had no idea, I…”“I know”, she responded, crossing her arms over her chest for a sense of comfort - anything she could cling onto.“Can I…”, he trailed off, reaching his hand out for her. She accepted it and he pulled her gently into the most comforting, suffocating hug of her life. Like feeling someone truly understand her pain and trauma for the first time. Feeling someone care.She sobbed into his shoulder, and he sobbed too. He understood now. Why she turned against him. Why she felt safer in the company of Death Eaters than she did with her assailant.He understood. But they both wished that there wasn’t anything to be understood. That there wasn’t an assault. That there wasn’t this dark secret lingering in regards to the brightest witch of their age and a dead man who had been seen as a hero for those in the resistance.Nothing could be said or done. They never can be in these situations. All you can do is wait, and hopefully, heal. But even healing is much easier said and done.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: rhinestone eyes - gorillaz
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Adapting to their new world was quite the understatement.

  Disrespect was inevitable from most pureblooded, aristocratic students of all ages. Whether they be 11 or 17, earning the respect of those around Hermione was bordering on impossible. So she didn’t.

  Earning respect or recognition of any kind had always been a challenge for her, despite her craving for it. Approval. Appreciation. Even acknowledgement would’ve been enough to fill her cup. But it remained empty.

  Situations like these were how you learn and adapt. She didn’t ask for respect, or even earn it. She 
  
    demanded
  
   it.

  If a student dared address her as anything other than “Headmistress” or “Professor”, they were sent straight to the Hall of Daerd.

  While the concept or action of transforming the demolished Room of Requirement into a mental torture chamber wasn’t Hermione’s, she used it nonetheless. If they were smart, they’d learn.

  No, unfortunately, this gem was all thanks to one of Lord Voldemort’s many boot-licking, ass-kissing Death Eaters. She didn’t care enough to find out who exactly came up with it.

  A true foil for the Mirror of Erised, the Hall of Daerd was filled with enchanted mirrors of the same fashion. But rather than desire, it portrayed what its viewer dreads most.

  If you asked anyone with any semblance of human decency, it was absolutely unethical, an appalling concept at best. But despite being in charge of the Slytherin School of Dark Arts, that didn’t give the young witch authority that superseded Voldemort’s, of course.

  It was hard enough not to hex students on the spot when they dared refer to her as “the Mudblood Headmistress”. The Hall of Daerd always seemed to nix the issue.

  Dealing with students was only half the battle.

  The staff members were tolerable for the most part. With the exception of Bellatrix Lestrange and Draco Malfoy.

  She thanked Merlin almost daily for Neville Longbottom. Her saving grace, her best friend, and at that point, the only thing that got her through what felt like her own, personalized Hell.

  The first few months after showing him her memories had been hard. He supported her endlessly, and she couldn’t have asked for a better person to share such trauma with. It wasn’t an easy task, but she hadn’t had a choice. How do you explain to someone why switching sides was justified? Why 
  
    murdering
  
   them in the name of a sadistic wizard who hated your very 
  
    existence
  
   was justified.

  
    Is it justified?
  

  It was in the past. But that didn’t mean it was gone. Neville looked at her differently. Despite her now murderous history, no one else did.

  All because of fucking blood status.

  Neville didn’t look at her differently for her blood. He looked at her differently because she had murdered someone. Someone who had physically assaulted her. Taken 
  
    advantage
  
   of her.

  The conflicting emotions in his eyes were nothing short of conspicuous from the moment his pupils lost their focus from the memories in the pensieve.

  He had run his hands through his mousy, brown hair several times, ruining the slicked back hairdo that had previously held atop his head.

  He constantly looked her way at the dining table, casting concerned glances. He was afraid to touch her without approval, even if she made it clear he could greet her with a hug should he please.

  She was scarred, not scattered. It took what Hermione considered an extensive - yet considerate - period of time for him to learn this. She first started by clinging to his arm when they would walk down a hall together. Not in a romantic way, no, they were both well aware this wasn’t the nature of their relationship.

  Not that there wasn’t potential there, but there was a lack of interest. It also took a heavy toll on Neville - confessing his love to the lovely, faerie-featured Luna Lovegood.

  Neville would often stare off into space, clearly dissociating from the never-ending list of trauma they both seemed to accumulate, and Hermione knew. His eyes would lose focus, his jaw slackening, the muscles in his face sinking like an anchor.

  She would simply nudge his arm, flash a small grin, or give his hand a soft squeeze to pull him out of it. Some days were worse than others, but things eventually got better.

  Bellatrix never missed out on the chance to spit at them, making disgusting, elementary-aged facial expressions in mockery. Her maturity level truly was stunted.

  “You should be grateful I damaged those pureblood parents of yours. They’ll never have to see you rubbing uglies with a mudblood. Especially one with such a nargle’s nest of hair.”, she’d snickered, biting her tongue between her crooked teeth.

  Neville would be angry at first, well past mourning the mental loss of his parents, but would frown, his shoulders slumping at small reminders like the simple throwing of a term like “nargles”. Hermione could practically see the wispy hair and navy-blue eyes of Luna Lovegood flickering across Neville’s memory.

  It didn’t take her long to notice the way he’d keep a worn, Ravenclaw tie folded in his pocket. He often reached his hand there, fidgeting with it when anxious. The initials L.L. with a star were scribbled in quill ink on the backside of it. It was never absent from his person.

  It was surprisingly easy to forget the outside world when they were constantly at the SSDA. Easy to forget the bizarre changes and unbelievable happenings outside of it.

  For one, blood testing was being done across wizarding England. The documentation of blood status had become Priority #1 in the eyes of the Dark Lord and his minions. The rules were relatively clear: anyone with less than 50% magical DNA was to be executed.

  Hermione was practically counting down her numbered days. Despite the known pureblood descendants and families, the Dark Lord felt this put on a “fair front” for the people. It was humorous really. Putting on a front of any kind.

  Everyone knew his name. Everyone knew 
  
    him
  
   and what he stood for. But he always was one for putting on a show.

  She still couldn’t quite get past Voldemort putting her in the role of Headmistress. She couldn’t determine what angle it worked for him, or what he sought to accomplish with it.

  Priority #2, however, was reproduction efforts. As witches and wizards were executed, the population was quickly dwindling.

  The more inbred the wizard, the more likely they were to be a squib. This was a known fact, and vital to take into consideration. To avoid this, the “Population Plan” was put together.

  The formal statement released via the Daily Prophet read:

  
    Once wizards reach the age of 17, they have 6 months to consider their appointed options. These options will be carefully chosen to ensure the legal union will have the lowest possible chance for squib offspring. After their allotted 6 month exploration period, they have 6 months to marry their chosen counterpart.
  

  (The Dark Lord referred to this as being a courtesy and consideration of their happiness. Laughable.)

  
    After the formal commitment is made, couples have 1 year to get pregnant and produce their first child. If this is not accomplished, they will be assigned a new spouse of reasonably distant and pure lineage.
  

  How utterly archaic.

  No surprise to anyone, Hermione was not included in this. Neville Longbottom and Draco Malfoy were, which meant that as soon as their tests came back with pureblood percentages and potential marriage considerations, they would be “on the market” so-to-speak.

  Neville was nothing short of apprehensive about the entire ordeal. Even worse, he was the one assigned the task of reading the results. Theodore Nott would handle the testing, send it to the herbology professor to be read and calculated, and he would send it back.

  The former Order members (although many were hesitant to refer to Hermione this way due to her past) often joked with each other around this topic for coping purposes.

  “Caring enough to give them options”, Hermione would grin at her friend, quoting their Dark Overlord himself.

  “Unless assignment and 
  
    force
  
   is necessary”, Neville would always counter with that goofy, heart-warming grin of his, consistently placing emphasis on the “force” part.

  If Hermione had to live in this world, in this role, not being forced to marry and reproduce for the sake of repopulating, she couldn’t necessarily complain. After all, wasn’t it a gift that she wasn’t being executed like the others outside the walls of Slytherin School?

  Again, it was easy to forget these things, that is, until Voldemort paid his first visit to the school since August.

  Floating into the former office of previous Hogwarts Headmasters, Voldemort didn’t even bother knocking upon entrance, Nagini never far behind.

  Hermione fought the urge to shoot up out of her seat. Taking deep breaths, she steadily rose up before bowing her head and greeting him, “My Lord”.

  “Headmistress Granger”, he grinned eerily, the corners of his lips pulling up far enough to favor the Joker, if he were a wizard, that is.

  “To what do I owe the pleasure?”, she smiled tightly at him. 
  
    More like burden.
  

  It had been a while since the wizard gave one of his over dramatic monologues. It was comical, really.

  He spoke to her as if she were a daughter, and it never sat right with Hermione. 
  
    At all.
  
   It was unnerving, really.

  They always ended with ridiculous quotes, as if he had scripted the entire interaction himself.

  Today’s random visit was apparently a “check-in” of sorts. Really a chance to see if she was holding up against the slurs she had been thrown for months now.

  For whatever reason, he had a tendency to entrust his ideas and plans with her. Including his newest scheme - a successor.

  She knew of the horcruxes, and he knew that she knew. So what was this, a last resort if all Hell broke loose? If worse came to worst, there would still be someone to carry on for him with his ideals and values?

  A successor. It felt as if he were alluding to her, but she was certain that couldn’t be the case. A mudblood successor? Hilarious.

  Even the idea that he would ever be put to the end after the Battle of Hogwarts was hilarious. Clearly there was no end in his sight, but he was an overzealous wizard about these things as they all knew. Arrogant, but sure to cover the bases.

  So here he was, lecturing her on how he needed a successor.

  “What you have to understand here, my dear”, he said. That term always made her shiver involuntary. 
  
    My dear.
  

  “There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to see it. Do you understand?”, he asked, penetrating her facade with those piercing, red eyes.

  She nodded slowly, sure to avoid being too eager. Interactions with the wizard always felt like trying to appease a beast without spooking it. Luckily for her, she had seen firsthand the consequences of failing to adapt to this when it was taken out on other Death Eaters. Especially the younger, newer ones.

  “My Lord, are you asking something of me?”, she ventured. It didn’t feel like a venture, but she extended the words that way as an aim for caution.

  “No need to worry, my dear”, he responded. 
  
    There he goes again with that bloody ‘my dear’.
  
   She battled her internal instincts to gag. “I assure you, you’re more than capable of taking on what I have planned for you”, and with that, he was gone.

  
    What he has planned for me? No good and evil, only power?
  

  Hermione Granger was beyond ready to wake up from this extensive fever dream. If only she could figure out how to snap out of it.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: I need some sleep - eels
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  
    Explosions, screams, and sheer terror could be heard even from within the walls of the Room of Requirement.
  

  
    Ron had gone to get a basilisk fang. Harry was Merlin only knows where. 
  
  
    
      I need to find the diadem.
    
  

  
    Hermione searched the cluttered form of the room, stepping lightly to avoid overturning any of the massive piles overflowing the space. One bump and they’d all come tumbling down.
  

  
    Every now and then, walking by a particular pile, she swore she heard something. A buzzing. A heartbeat, almost, but not quite that human. The familiar ringing of magic in the air, stronger, more concentrated in a specific place, but she’d quickly lose it with one step too far.
  

  
    On what felt like the millionth time passing that same pile, she halted stiffly when the noise drifted through her ears, clenching her muscles and sharply intaking oxygen.
  

  
    
      Right here. I know it…
    
  

  
    She slid experimentally to the left of the cluttered mountain before her. The buzzing stopped. She slid back.
  

  
    She inched her right foot forward and to the right, straining her ears as best as she could manage. The noise heightened. Except it was less of a noise now, and more of a feeling. A vibration thrumming through her veins.
  

  
    She took another step. Then another. Then another.
  

  
    Her hand shook viciously as she reached out towards the growing proximity of the energy’s source. Her fingers delicately grasped the royal blue cloth that covered the table.
  

  
    
      This is it. The diadem. I know it…
    
  

  
    In one fell swoop, she snatched the cloth away.
  

  Hermione shot up out of bed, gasping for air, sweat formed along her brow. She struggled to see in the dark. But she could hear it. The buzzing. She hadn’t even thought about the diadem in quite some time.

  “Accio”, she whispered, and her wand immediately responded, zooming into her grasp.

  “Lumos”, she commanded, and the tip of her wand glowed. She took in her room. Her 
  
    home
  
  , she corrected internally. Everything felt like an illusion these days. Especially living in Hogwarts.

  No, not Hogwarts. The Slytherin School of Dark Arts. No houses. No Dumbledore. No Golden Trio. The SSDA. Voldemort. That was it.

  Hermione exhaled heavily, fluttering her eyes shut before remembering - the diadem.

  What on earth had brought that into her dreams? She shook her head, raking her fingers through her matted curls from the sleep she had awoken from.

  Throwing back the covers and swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, she strode carefully towards a very specific floorboard of her room. She kneeled delicately, placing her ear to it.

  Thrumming. Buzzing. Energy.

  She sighed in relief, sitting back on her heels. She’d be needing some dreamless sleep potion...but then again, she’d have to approach Snape for it, which she wasn’t eager to do.

  Checking the time, she saw it was 5am already. However, it was the sun rising, spiking the sky with color, that forced her resignation. With bags under her eyes and her heart still pounding stressfully in her chest, she grabbed a towel from her dresser and set off for a shower.

  <>

  
    song: verbatim - mother mother
  

  Granger was already at the staff table for breakfast when Draco walked in. She had her nose tucked into her notes - no surprise there. Every day felt the same. Torturously so.

  The only interesting thing happening in his life was Granger, as much as he hated to say it. Nothing sparked his attention like irritating the hell out of her. Today felt like a good day to do just that.

  Her curls were pulled half out of her face, the upper portion looped into a loose bun. She wore black robes with a deep, burgundy colored blouse, the top curve of her breasts peeking out. 
  
    Not that he had noticed.
  

  A few stray curls had fallen into her face, which was scrunched up in thought. 
  
    What a perfect time to interrupt.
  

  “What’s got you making such an obnoxious expression this early in the morning, Granger?”, he asked, strolling up to her side and pulling out the chair next to her.

  Without looking, she scoffed loudly before correcting him, “
  
    Headmistress
  
  ”.

  “
  
    My apologies
  
  ”, he smirked, sitting down and snatching the papers from in front of her.

  She whipped her head towards him, hand immediately reaching to take back her things, but Draco wouldn’t budge.

  “Don’t be so 
  
    touchy
  
  ”, he chuckled, pulling the papers towards himself gently.

  “Don’t be such a 
  
    cunt
  
  ”, she responded, physically grabbing his fingers and uncurling them from their grip around the papers. He tried to ignore how soft her hands were. He couldn’t stand her. But the thought of those delicate fingers wrapped around his cock, however brief, still flickered through his mind.

  “What crawled up yours then? Isn’t it a bit early for you to be such a killjoy?”, he told her, crossing his arms and shaking off the visions his brain had orchestrated.

  “That would imply there was joy here to kill”, she retorted, placing her papers back in front of her and brushing the stray hairs behind her ears.

  He had to admit, the blackened edge of the top of her ear...he hadn’t seen anything like it before. He knew it was from the Battle of Hogwarts, but it looked so unlike what you’d expect a grazing of an Avada would. Less like the grazing of a spell, and more so like an inner darkness, spreading to the outside. He still couldn’t quite gauge where she fell on the scale of good and bad. His augurium senses told him conflicting things, and it felt like more stress than it was worth to spend time wondering.

  Bitter and pessimistic, sure, she was those things without a doubt. But evil? He doubted it. At least, not as evil as Voldemort. No one could match that.

  “Tsk tsk”, he said, knowingly leaning further into her personal space than she’d appreciate. But then…

  Her hair. Those deep, lustrous curls. He could smell them. Like flowers. Oleander specifically. He knew the scent because his mother grew them in her garden.

  “Don’t ever go near those, my love”, she’d tell him whenever he was drawn towards the lovely, pink buds. “They smell sweet and appear inviting, but all that’s inside is pure poison.”

  Granger and Oleander. He fought the grin that threatened against his cheeks. How hilarious. If anything, she looked poisonous on the outside and likely had some ridiculous, hidden sweetness on the inside. He shook his head at the thought. 
  
    Absolutely not. Ugly on the outside and in, I’m sure.
  

  But his thoughts wandered again, forcing him to move seats, although he played it off as being bored and over teasing the SSDA Headmistress for now. She wasn’t ugly on the outside. She was quite the opposite. And Draco couldn’t fucking stand it. If anything, it added to his hatred.

  Besides, he had more important things to worry about - like the date with Astoria Greengrass he had scheduled for later that evening.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: tadow - masego, FKJ

  {April 1999

  Draco sat waiting at Diagon Alley’s newest aristocratic establishment: Ascendancy

  The walls were black with flashes of gold runes that glittered in the low light. The tables and chairs matched in a similar fashion, and it maintained a very mature atmosphere - exactly what he needed. He was on his third glass of Spiked Felicis - named for its mix of house-brewed liqueurs with a few drops of liquid luck.

  That’s what this new establishment was known for. Mixing alcohol with various potions. Blueberry Wine with Elixir to Induce Euphoria, Amaretto with Amortentia, Dragon Gin with Fertility Enhancer (this one was especially popular with the younger witches and wizards who were part of the Population Plan).

  Draco, on the other hand, was simply eager to find a wife and be done with this bullshit of a program. He was 19 now, and it felt utterly ridiculous to be forced to marry so quickly and reproduce in a similar, “timely” fashion. How could he be expected to care for a wife and child when he was still mourning the loss of his own childhood? One that had been taken from him far too early due to the circumstances.

  The Population Plan had only been announced a few months back, and he had received his blood results and prospects back in March, meaning he had 5 months to select a wife.

  Astoria Greengrass, however, had received her results in January, meaning she was in more of a rush, and Draco’s results being announced in the papers (as all those in the program were) had just recently made him an option for her as well.

  She was eager for an engagement, which was entirely reasonable at the stage of the game she was in, but was she eager for him?

  No, this wasn’t the impression Draco got. His augurium senses told him she wasn’t “the one”, but did he even have time to meet “the one”? Did it even matter? Happiness seemed a far-fetched concept, one that didn’t exist in his world.

  Despite his own levels of intoxication, he began to think the bartender forgot to include the liquid luck in his drink when Astoria stumbled in an hour late, almost tripping over her 5-inch heels. He almost chuckled at the thought of her snapping an ankle over the ridiculous shoes - she deserved it after making him wait so long.

  
    Eager for engagement, not eager for me.
  

  She was younger than him, and the immaturity and lack of direct involvement in the war was glaringly obvious. This was their third date, and due to pureblood customs, he held her hand on the last one. It was tiny like a child’s, and gave away the skin-tanning charm she had unevenly applied to herself.

  He couldn’t see her as a mature woman, and especially not a romantic option or wife. She was 17, and acted as if the world weren’t an absolutely terrible place at the time.

  “So sorry forrrrr”, she slurred as she approached the table, “making you wait ahaha”, she giggled. He fought the urge to scowl at her.

  “I’m not sure you’re in any state to have dinner. I’ll order something to go so you can get some food in your stomach and I’ll get you home, Miss Greengrass”, he said stoically.

  “No no no! Dracoooo, let’s just go back to my parents’ estate and…”, she smiled suggestively, her cheeks tinged pink.

  “That isn’t appropriate at all. I’ll get you home, I’m not sure this arrangement is best for either of us.”, Draco called over the waiter and placed an order to go for a simple bread, meat, and cheese platter.

  Astoria proceeded to pout at this, sitting next to Draco and reaching for his glass, which he had to snatch away from her in what was probably a more aggressive action than necessary.

  “I think you’ve had enough”, he said, sighing heavily, fighting the urge to slump down into his seat.

  “Do you not want me?”, she asked bluntly, crossing her arms and narrowing her eyes at him.

  He turned to her, astonished, almost lost for words. “Pardon?”

  “Every other pureblood prospect is tripping over their heels to take me as their wife”, she huffed at him.

  “They’re not the only ones tripping over their heels”, he chuckled, reveling in the expression of insult that grew across the arrogant witch’s face.

  But then, something else showed up there, a look of mischief.

  “I’ll make a scene. You know I will”, she threatened, leaning in close. She reeked of perfume, the kind that was overly expensive and gave you a headache.

  “I fucking
  
     dare you
  
   to try something so foolish”, he snarled at her.

  He jumped in his seat when her hands found their way to his crotch, “but I want you 
  
    so bad
  
   Draco, can’t you see how much I 
  
    need
  
   it?”, she practically begged, her pupils growing large and her breasts poking deliberately out of the top of her dress.

  “Fine. Eat this on the way back”, he commanded as the bag of food appeared on their table.

  She practically squealed with excitement, taking his hand and following him out of the Ascendancy.

  She whispered things in his ear the entire way, “I can’t wait to have you inside of me”, and “are the Malfoy men as well 
  
    endowed
  
   as everyone says?”

  He wanted to throw up. In no way, shape, or form was he planning to ravish this girl. In fact, when he got her home, he immediately apparated away before she could even realize he had gone.

  If anything, he had never been so soft in his life. Even Granger was more attractive than this girl. 
  
    No she isn’t.
  

  But by the time he got back to his living quarters at the SSDA, his drunk and frustrated thoughts had wandered straight back to the reformed Order member and new Headmistress.

  What was she like in bed? It was pure curiosity that brought him to this question - nothing more, of course.

  Was she dominant? Was she a control freak there too? Climbing on top of her partner as she lowered herself down, eager to impale herself?

  Maybe she liked to lose control for once in those situations, wanting to be used and taken aggressively. Letting a man wrap his hand around her throat as he whispered the nastiest things he could think of in her ear.

  Before he knew it, the images in his head were of his own, long, pale fingers wrapped around that contrasting, olive-toned neck of hers. Oh, the things he might say to her.

  
    You like being taken by someone who despises you just as much as you despise them?
  

  
    How does it feel to seek release so desperately from me of all people? I love hearing you beg like this.
  

  And what she might say to him.

  
    Deeper. Harder. Faster.
  

  
    More. More. More. Please.
  

  A rosy cheeked and wanting Astoria Greengrass did nothing for his sexual pleasure...but a rosy cheeked and wanting Hermione Granger? That had his hand reaching down to stroke his cock much quicker than he could admit to himself.

  The appeal and temptation of fucking someone you hate, someone you can’t stand, someone who you’d like to kill most days to be rid of them, now that was all too strong.

  Was she a virgin? If she was as tightly wound in bed as she was about everything else, he was certain she’d grip him to death. And Merlin did he want that.

  He knew it was wrong, but that was what made it oh so lovely of a thought. The idea of taking her over the dining table in the hall, pounding into her from behind as her curves bounced against his strokes…

  These thoughts were, no doubt, from the lack of sex he’d had since before the war. They were fleeting ideas and desires that could be taken care of with a good wank. He was sure of it.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: lost it to trying - son lux
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Neville sat at his desk, sipping his lavender tea, surrounded by countless plants of various purposes.

  It had been an exhausting day full of students questioning, for what was likely the millionth time:

  
    What is the point of plants when we have magic at our fingertips?
  

  
    Professor, is it true you fought for the traitors in the war?
  

  
    Why do you only talk to Headmistress Mudblood? Do you have a crush on her or something? 
  
   (followed by snickers and chuckles throughout the Greenhouse)

  The urge to retort with “50 points from Slytherin” was all too strong, but he had to remind himself, 
  
    they’re all Slytherins.
  

  He instead threatened them with the Hall of Daerd Mirrors, and prayed to Merlin silently that none of his students would call his bluff. He had yet to send anyone there, and he certainly didn’t plan on doing so.

  The sun had long gone down, leaving his Greenhouse-adjoined office in darkness aside from a few candles scattered around as he worked on the blood status results that General Nott awaited.

  He had just received this new set of samples the week prior, and given that the testing itself required a strenuous and time-consuming process, he was certainly in a rush to follow up on his end of things. Gods forbid he didn’t pull through. Neville already felt that he was lucky to be alive as it was, despite Hermione being his only friend and confidant.

  Unfortunately, being part of the reproduction program, his results and matches had returned a few months prior, but he figured he’d allow an assignment. There wasn’t any witch he’d gladly marry and reproduce with. With the exception of Hermione, but she wasn’t a prospect for obvious reasons.

  Instead, he made the conscious decision to wait out his 6 month courting period and leave things out of his own hands. They were already out of his hands anyway.

  But that situation was on the backburner of his mind and had been for some time now. He was focused on the task at hand instead, rapidly going through and checking off each result by hand to avoid any mistakes. That was, until he came across Hermione’s results.

  She was muggleborn, but her name was highlighted in yellow on his parchment.

  The only names charmed to highlight in yellow were those less than pureblood, but above the 50% magical blood minimum.

  Hermione Granger’s name was highlighted.

  The initial reaction would’ve been relief that she wouldn’t be killed due to the “50% or more minimum”. She may have been Voldemort’s apprentice, but no one was untouchable, and her muggleborn status in combination with this had created enough chaos amongst the public to insinuate the question - how long would he allow her to live? And further, why was he keeping her around anyway?

  His documentation immediately halted.

  Hermione Granger was not a muggleborn. Well, technically, she was, but she was more than that. In fact, her blood percentages flashed on the parchment at a shocking 70%.

  Neville jumped up from his seat so quickly that his tea went flying before shattering against the stone floor.

  “But...how is that…”, he muttered to no one but himself.

  Snatching the parchment and racing to his shelf full of magical lineage tomes, he began reading as fast as his brain would allow him to process.

  He had been quite thorough in his research. Neville even had a few muggleborn lineage bindings he had put together from his own research.

  
    Granger, Granger, Granger, Ah! Hermione Granger. Daughter to Matthew Granger and Jean Granger.
  

  That wouldn’t do. The name Granger simply didn’t exist in wizarding history. How was this possible?

  
    Think like Hermione
  
  , he told himself. 
  
    Think.
  

  Was it possible that one of her parents was a squib?

  He began delving into his mother’s side: Jean Granger (who was formerly Jean Wilkins. Only muggle lineage. A dead end. 
  
    Shit.
  

  It was Hermione’s paternal lineage that became suspicious.

  There was no data in existence, or even a trace of a “Matthew Granger” anywhere. The only detail he found was that the man commonly went by “Mat” and that he was born in December of 1956. No other information.

  How had a muggle man managed to prevent his own information from showing up in wizarding resources?

  
    Think, Neville, think. Why would he want to… Unless… But surely not… Could he have changed his name?
  

  With a flick of his wand, Neville searched his tomes for the name “Mat”, which showed up in several places - short for “Matteo”, “Matrell”, and “Matthew”, of course.

  But there was one name that only showed up once in any line. “Matthias”. Specifically, Matthias Gaunt.

  
    Matthew Granger. Matthias Gaunt. M.G.
  

  
    Mat Granger. Mat Gaunt. M.G.
  

  
    But it couldn’t be that simple...couldn’t be.
  

  But it seemed all too convenient when he researched the mysterious Matthias Gaunt and found no descendants of any kind, no traces of his whereabouts, and no date of decease.

  Matthew Granger, date of birth: December 1956.

  Matthias Gaunt, date of birth: December 1956.

  
    It can’t be, it can’t…
  

  Where had Neville heard that name before? Gaunt?

  He flicked his wand again and the largest of all his textbooks flipped open to a page which held a family tree. One that sprouted from none other than Salazar Slytherin himself.

  The Gaunts were descendants of Salazar Slytherin.

  If all this were true, and this Matthias Gaunt had possibly changed his name, disappeared, married a muggle, claimed muggle lineage, and produced an offspring with magical abilities…

  
    Holy fucking Salazar Slytherin. Shit. Fuck. Bloody fucking hell.
  

  
    Hermione is...she’s...she’s…that means...
  

  Hermione Granger was a descendant of Salazar Slytherin. Hermione Granger was not muggleborn, and was a “half-blood” at the least! Hermione Granger was a fucking 
  
    heir
  
   to Slytherin. 
  
    Like Voldemort...
  
  this thought sent a chill through his body.

  Whether or not “Mat” Granger/Gaunt was a squib and his reasons for fleeing the magical world were the least of Neville’s worries then.

  He had to tell Hermione.

  
    Shit
  
  . First, he had to get these results to Theo. With a simple jotting down of “descendant of S.S. - research done”, and calling of his owl, a copy of the results were sent off to General Theodore Nott.

  With his focus back on finding Hermione, and his parchment and several books in tow, he ran. His heart pounded in his ears. What did this mean for her? What would this mean for Voldemort? To Voldemort?

  
    Oh, Merlin.
  

  He had not moved this quickly since the Battle of Hogwarts, but he had one goal - get to Hermione.

  Sweat formed along Neville’s brow as he raced across the field between the SSDA and his Greenhouse, trying his best to stay quiet but bursting through the doors with his shoes thudding along the hall all the same.

  
    Shit. Shit. Shit.
  

  He was about to round the corner to the hall which held Hermione’s office when he ran straight into the coldest wall he’d ever met, falling back roughly onto the cobblestone floor, the contents he held flying every which way.

  Neville scrambled to pick up the items but froze in his tracks when he noticed a pair of feet in front of him, bare, pale, and practically blue. They were levitating about two inches above the floor.

  With his sweat now cold and dripping down his back, he inclined his head up and gulped heavily.

  “M-my L-lord, I’m so s-sorry, I-”, he stuttered in fear.

  “What’s got you in such a rush Longbottom? I daresay you look absolutely panicked”, the wizard smirked down at him with a slight tilt of his head.

  “Was going to, to, to see Hermi- I mean, Headmistress…”, he couldn’t tell him. This was the worst possible situation that could have occurred. The worst timing. The worst 
  
    being
  
   that he could have possibly run into.

  “Allow me”, Voldemort grinned eerily, waving his hand so that the highlighted parchment flew into his hands.

  His face dropped. Neville forgot how to breath.

  “Get up”, he commanded, and Neville scrambled for footing.

  “
  
    Legilimens
  
  ”, Voldemort hissed as his red eyes delved into Neville’s mind without warning.

  It didn’t last long, no, the wizard had clearly mastered legilimency. But that didn’t make it hurt any less. The beast pulled out of Neville’s brain in less than a minute, leaving the young professor screaming in agony and clutching his head.

  “Very...very interesting”, Voldemort muttered while petting his ever-present, scaly companion. He seemed to be speaking only to himself but Neville’s ears couldn’t even take in the words enough to process them properly.

  “Ah, the loyal and devoted friend, going to tell dear Hermione the news, were you?”, he clicked his tongue, “that simply won’t do”.

  With a wave of his hand, Nagini attacked, making Neville his dinner in one fell swoop. The last thing he saw was Voldemort drifting the opposite direction of Hermione’s office, taking all of Neville’s research and writing with him.

  <>

  By the time the Dark Lord was back to the late Neville Longbottom’s Greenhouse, he had effectively taken in all the information from the young wizard’s notes, burned them, and altered the blood results to show Hermione Granger as having 0% magical blood lineage. He was sure to erase the note about “S.S. as well”.

  He subsequently sent the results to General Nott with an additional note that Neville Longbottom would no longer be keeping in touch, as Narcissa Malfoy would soon be taking over his position both at the SSDA and in finishing the task at hand.

  Afterwards, he sent a second owl to Narcissa Malfoy informing the witch of her new purpose.

  The gears in Voldemort’s head were already turning rapidly, spinning into insanity and oblivion, as if they hadn’t already been there for a while now. Except, they were spinning in a much, 
  
    much
  
   different direction.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: trouble - valerie broussard
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Hermione made her way into the kitchens to retrieve a cup of coffee as she normally did. Sleep these days was a blessing, on those days that she got any, of course.

  There wasn’t much to focus on, and it was driving her up a wall as her stagnant mind took advantage of the emptiness to focus on the damned diadem, amongst other things.

  She constantly found herself wondering how in the hell she had ended up here. In this place, in this reality, in the shell of the corpse that used to be Hogwarts.

  Sure, Hermione got to teach charms, but she also didn’t feel the requirement to be grateful for it at this point. Over the past year or so, so much had happened, and yet nothing had changed.

  The impatience grew like a fed flame - in the pit of her stomach, in the tips of her fingers. In the tension of her shoulders and the ache of her chest. There was an emptiness. Needing. Longing. Wanting for a purpose to serve and for praise to receive.

  She’d risked it all for that, and now there was nothing but hatred flung towards her from every direction.

  With the exception of Neville, this was the new norm, and despite the occasional shudder-worthy compliment from the Dark Lord, the frustration she felt was inextinguishable.

  Headmistress. Charms Professor. She needed more. And after learning as much as she had about legilimency, occlumency, dark arts, dark charms, dark artifacts, and much more, she knew this couldn’t be all there was for her.

  Screw blood purity. Screw gender. Screw any factor that others considered a relevant obstruction in what she could and should be able to do.

  Luckily for her, Bellatrix Lestrange never showed up for meal times. Her classroom was as far on the other end of the castle from Hermione’s office and classroom as was physically possible. Therefore, interactions with the witch were few and far between.

  The other staff left her alone, really. It was the students, and one Draco Malfoy that really knew how to get her blood boiling. Students backed off if she dared threaten the infamous Hall. At this point, she’d sent one student there - Jamison Travers - who came to his next class notably silent and shaken. Most students took note of this.

  But Malfoy. 
  
    Fucking
  
   Malfoy.

  That arrogance that he never failed to carry like a crown atop his head, since the very first day they arrived at Hogwarts in first year.

  With his white hair and teeth. Blemish-free skin that was unreasonable for a young man his age. Stature that wasn’t overwhelming, but still managed to read as 
  
    powerful
  
  . His matches from the population plan were likely begging at his feet. Not that she cared.

  Thankfully, she didn’t have to worry about shite like finding a husband and reproducing. It went without saying that it’d likely be illegal for her to even consider such a thing. But it didn’t matter - all she wanted was power. Recognition. Maybe even status.

  
    More. More. More.
  

  She grew hungry...
  
    ravenous
  
   for it with each passing day that her potential went untapped. Weren’t those similar to the words Voldemort had spoken to her the day she was recruited?

  But Malfoy’s presence lingered in her mind. An infuriating, snarky voice, taunting her. Reminding her of a claimed inferiority. Reminding her of the physical barriers he occasionally penetrated for no good reason. Reminding her of an excitement those occasions caused in spite of her strong desire to ignore it.

  So instead, she asked for her coffee that morning as bitter as the elves could make it. Ethical problems couldn’t even be considered in their current state of being. She thanked the elves nonetheless, who always seemed to break a sweat when she did so, glancing around the room with their beady eyes in fear that someone may have heard.

  Typical to her routine, she walked from the kitchens to the Great Hall as the sun began to rise, before anyone else would be there.

  Except the hall wasn’t empty. And she wasn’t the first there.
Speak of the devil...his mother was there. Narcissa Malfoy.
  There, in black robes, an emerald green dress that probably cost more than Hermione’s organs, nose-deep in a herbology textbook - she sat in Neville’s seat. The one right next to the Headmistress’s chair.

  The witch didn’t even look up at her when she walked in, confidently taking her typical seat and sticking her nose in the air. 
  
    Take a page out of the pureblood book, shall I?
  

  “Congratulations on the Headmistress position”, the woman said without turning to look..

  Hermione practically gave herself whiplash from turning her head so sharply in surprise.

  “I know it’s a bit delayed”, Narcissa stated after taking a long sip of her tea, “but deserved nonetheless”.

  Hermione was awestruck by the woman’s words. You’d think she’d been hit by a confundus charm.

  “I’m sure you’re wondering why I’m here, but unfortunately I’ve been left in the dark as well”, the woman chuckled, placing the book down to highlight something with a drag of her finger against the text.

  At this point, Hermione had to physically pick her jaw up from the floor before nargles found their way in. She shook her head slightly, reminding herself of who she was.

  “Professor Longbottom...”, she hesitated for a moment, but Narcissa cut in.

  “Will no longer be teaching herbology. The Dark Lord informed me late last night I was to take over the position starting today. Better safe than sorry - I’m trying to get a jumpstart on refreshing my memory of the material. It’s been quite some time since I was in school as I’m sure you can tell”, she chuckled politely.

  Hermione fought the urge to roll her eyes. The woman was being so...so….
  
    nice. Friendly
  
   even. And although her age was no question, she certainly didn’t 
  
    look 
  
  as if it’d been that long. Even that night in Malfoy Manor, in the height of the stress brought on by Voldemort, the witch hadn’t had a white-blonde or black hair out of place.

  “I’m not sure where Mr. Longbottom is or what is preventing him from this job now, but I do wish I could help. Considering the urgency with which I was assigned this position, however, I regret to advise against asking the Dark Lord about it. But I doubt I need to tell you that, you’ve been under his wing for quite some time now…”, she turned her blue eyes on Hermione now.

  “Yes, we’re...well-acquainted”, Hermione struggled to find the words. But it was no secret, marked or unmarked by the man’s signature, all Death Eaters knew what Hermione was to Voldemort. That was the main reason for the lack of direct verbal slander from them. This didn’t clear up any of their confusion with his fascination or condoning of her blood status, though. Even Hermione herself wasn’t entirely sure.

  The woman nodded in understanding. Hermione could still remember quite clearly the first time she ever saw Narcissa Malfoy. Her white-blonde hair had been obnoxiously smooth and straight with slight curls at the ends. Now, seated right next to her, there were streaks of black - almost like backwards aging, with a handful of crows feet and laugh lines decorating her skin.

  It was frustrating how beautiful the woman was. She probably never dealt with even a fraction of the hair-related insults Hermione endured. What she would’ve given to have even a portion of the beauty this woman obtained. She didn’t have to do a damned thing to be appreciated by anyone - simply sit there and look pretty. And have pure blood running through her veins of course.

  Hermione felt a pang though, about Neville. She knew she couldn’t ask. If she was allowed to know what happened or where he was, Voldemort would have informed her. He was quite transparent with Hermione, which was almost laughable. He confided in the young witch, which left her feeling rather uneasy in most situations.

  That pang resonated in her body like an echo, trapped with no way out. Curiosity killed the cat, and she couldn’t let it kill her. But that didn’t dissipate its existence by any means. 
  
    Great, another thing to linger on, lose sleep over, and worry about. Please don’t be dead. Please, Neville.
  
   She willed the words internally to reach him.

  The lingering silence between the two witches was interrupted by the doors bursting open with a clean-cut, no-wrinkle-in-sight, arrogant as ever, 
  
    Malfoy
  
  .

  “Good morning, bane of my existence!”, he shouted, his feet halting when he found that they weren’t alone. Hermione didn’t even try to hide her laughing.

  Red grew over his cheeks and Hermione was forced to bite her lip just to avoid falling over in stitches at his embarrassment. It was the first time she’d laughed in quite some time.

  “Draco, dear, that’s no way to greet your Mother this early in the morning”, she stated sarcastically, flashing a smile, “or at all really”, she whispered to Hermione.

  Her giggles resumed and she felt a fondness growing for the woman. It was surprising. Not so much that she felt on guard by it, but she wasn’t angry with the woman’s presence either. In fact, she thought she might just like being around her.

  <>

  
    
      song: hearing damage - thom yorke
    
  

  The pain that shot through her body was excruciating. This wasn’t the first cruciatus she’d experienced, and something unfortunate told her it wouldn’t be the last, right as she was struck with another from Voldemort’s wand.

  Bellatrix’s cackling only made it worse, ringing in her ears familiarly as Hermione writhed on the ground.

  “Don’t forget your place, my dear”, the man spoke, humiliating her in front of all the Death Eaters who sat watching.

  “Aren’t you grateful for what I’ve given you?”, he tilted his head condescendingly at her.

  A burning tear fell down her cheek without permission, “O-of c-course my L-Lord”, she had to choke out through the pain, the words flung heavily from her throat with all her willpower.

  She coughed, but shreaked when 
  
    another
  
   hit her.

  “My dear”, her body was too weak to even cringe at his pet name for her, “I only want what’s best for you”, his eyes glimmered in what could’ve been misconstrued as affection if it weren’t for his monstrous appearance.

  “Tell me, why and how could you want for more when I’ve already given you so much 
  
    despite
  
   your treacherous genetics and troublesome existence in our world?”, he grinned at her with pity, as if she were a writhing roach on its last leg. A stain on the wizarding world.

  “Do you know how difficult it’s been for me, associating myself with you despite what you 
  
    are
  
  ? I’m a selfless man, I know, but let’s not forget the privilege you’ve been given. So much privilege that some have even 
  
    dared
  
   to question me”, he shot venomous glances around his table of goonies.

  Hermione strained her neck to nod. 
  
    You despicable excuse of a human-being.
  
   “My Lord, I’m s-sincerly”, she coughed heavily, her chest burning and vicious electricity still flashing across her bruised and bleeding flesh, “sorry”, she concluded.

  
    One of these days...you sick fuck…one of these days. Believe me, they’re numbered, and you don’t even know it.
  

  Dark and unforgiving ideas swam through her vision. He thought he was so powerful, so all-encompassing, and had no clue what cards she held behind her back. The power that 
  
    she
  
   had to tear it all away.

  
    You coddle me in private, like a child, then spit in my face in public. You speak to me in front of these imbeciles as if I’m a speck of dirt on your shoe, without even realizing I’m the shoe. I’m the force behind it. I’m everything. You, 
  
  
    my dear
  
  
    , are the dirt.
  

  The thrill of power and secrets and 
  
    revenge
  
   - she could taste the cusp of it like the iron of blood on her tongue. 
  
    Not yet, but someday. You won’t even know what hit you.
  

  With her occlumency walls, she pushed back the grin that threatened to reveal her true thoughts and feelings.

  “Unfortunately, my dear, sorry isn’t quite enough. But I’m sure this will send the message. I’ll be doing you a favor anyway, that thing really is rather unpleasant to look at”, his crooked, rotten teeth appeared between thin pale lips.

  There wasn’t time to process his words, or threat, really. To process the irony in his statement or what it meant.

  His wand came down like a butcher’s knife, cutting the top corner of her ear, the one marked by the black magic of a barely missed Avada Kedavra, clean off.

  As if it hadn’t even been living flesh a single second before, the removed bit of her ear disintegrated into black dust, leaving the remainder of it gushing with blood that coated her hair, as well as the side of her neck and face.

  “Next time, I’m sure your clever brain will remember not to take for granted what you’ve been given. You’ll accept the responsibilities I give you, and you won’t ask for more”, he informed her with a hiss, and then he was floating out of her sight.

  The pain was overwhelming and her vision became spotted. She could barely even hear the wretched Bellatrix’ laughing as her hearing rang like a bell. Could barely even hear her own wails and cries as if the pitch were too high to register.

  Then everything went dark.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: putting a spin on slow dancing in the dark - egg
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Shuffling. The smell of storms and earth. More darkness.

  “She’s fine, Draco!”, a distant voice shouted after the sound of numerous apparitions in departure filled the room.

  “Fuck off, Bella. She’s 
  
    not
  
   fine.”, an airy and light voice snapped with a surprising weight.

  “Cissy, dear, listen to yourself. Did you not hear-”, the scratchy voice responded before it was interrupted.

  “I 
  
    said
  
  , fuck 
  
    off
  
  . I don’t like repeating myself. Go Draco”, the sound encompassed her ears - one bleeding, one whole - like a heated blanket.

  More shuffling. Rain and showers, clean and calming, wafting through the air around her.

  Mumbling came from her side in a hushed voice as a pair of lengthy, firm arms slid under her limp body and she was removed from the ground, her weight placed under the responsibility of another.

  She curled in towards her carrier, inhaling his scent in an effort to drown out the blood that covered her. A heartbeat in her ears.

  
    Thump. Thump. Thump.
  

  It was slightly quicker, as if the carrier was unsteady, nervous. She fisted the smooth, silk shirt that separated her from that beating that seemed to hum and lull her.

  “Your room, for Merlin’s sake, Draco! Anywhere but here!” a voice hissed at him. No longer airy or weighted, but not the same hiss as Voldemort. One that had caring and concern driving it.

  “Let her 
  
    die
  
  . Gods, isn’t that the point?”, like nails on a chalkboard came from behind her. No, in front? The voices were getting quieter now. Maybe they had left, or stopped talking. Maybe they were whispering. Where was she?

  The arms carrying her grew stronger, pulling her more firmly in and she sighed. Whether it was comfort, relief, of a feeling of safety, she wasn’t certain.

  A door creaking open - or closed. The warmth was gone and replaced with a soft surface against her back. Sheets were pulled up to her hips. A potion placed against her lips with a soft coaxing to drink it.

  
    Why not?
  
   She swallowed small bits at a time, slightly struggling not to choke. Anything but the blood that had pooled in her stomach by that point could be considered as going down smoothly. Maybe it would speed things up for her, make it less painful.

  She tried to open her eyes, but they were like weights. Impossible to move. They flickered slightly, and she caught a glimpse of firelight reflecting off of white-blonde hair, and then her eyes were closing again. Except this time, they released her to dreamless sleep, allowing her to slip away from the suffering, at least temporarily.

  <>

  
    song: wires - the neighborhood
  

  Her breathing finally evened out as Draco poured a heavy helping of Dragon Gin for himself, deliberately adding 3 ice cubes to his glass to avoid them watering down the alcohol. He needed it. Maybe not as much as Granger, but still.

  What a state she had been in 3 hours before he set to work on her healing…

  In his defense, he had never been thoroughly taught how to use healing spells, and did a fantastic job when that was considered.

  She’d probably still have something to gripe about with his work, and likely a few scars. At that thought, a grin found its way up to his cheeks before he could stop it.

  
    No, that’s fucking annoying. She probably won’t even say ‘thank you, Draco, for saving my life’. Bitch.
  

  She was laid in his bed. 
  
    His.
  
   And it did things to him, unless he was asked of course. The answer would certainly be a resounding, irritated, and disgusted ‘no’, despite that being entirely false.

  Her curls were matted with her own blood, but he'd successfully wiped it away from her face with a cloth, leaving her cheeks rosy and flushed.

  Her lips were swollen and had to be cleaned off too. Luckily, there were magical ways of emptying her stomach of all the blood she’d swallowed. He couldn’t comprehend the sudden and vicious attack the Dark Lord had made on his favorite play-thing. He shouldn’t have been surprised either, but he was nonetheless. He’d never seen the Dark Lord punish her so viciously, and all for requesting 
  
    more
  
   to do. Volunteering to do 
  
    more
  
   for his cause, despite it going against her very existence. He was almost angry 
  
    for
  
   her.

  Not because he 
  
    cared
  
  . Because that would be blasphemous.

  But because it was stupid, and he could feel her pain from where he sat on the balcony of his bedroom, looking out over the forbiddgen forrest. 10 points to augurium skills, right?

  He could see the anguish she tried to hide throughout her torture. Sense the murderous thoughts she held back, and he agreed with them quite honestly.

  Even in the face of unrelenting pain, Hermione Granger was a vicious thing. Strong, independent, and devious - which he found himself admiring as of late. This was something he hadn’t caught on to when the SSDA was still Hogwarts, when he was just a young, Slytherin boy trying to please his father.

  Despite what he and the rest of the Death Eaters witnessed, that word still nagged at him from a few years back. 
  
    Successor.
  

  
    Apprentice. Successor. Apprentice. Successor.
  

  Draco rolled the words back and forth in his mind like a pair of dice. Turning them, swapping their places, analyzing the depths behind each term.

  Apprentice - learning a trade or skill for low or no wages. He chuckled to himself before switching the metaphorical dice again.

  Successor - someone who has a job, position, or responsibility after someone else. 
  
    Why would an immortal wizard need a successor?
  

  And in that same vein, why did the word keep popping up in relation to Granger and Voldemort? Similar in fashion to a house elf popping into a room with breakfast, as routine and natural as that had become to him.

  Thinking it over was like putting together a puzzle with only 3 of 4 pieces. Something was missing. An element in the equation was absent, or invisible to him, and it was driving him mad.

  He emptied his glass before walking back inside to refill it.

  Granger was in the middle of trying to sit up in his bed, and struggling tremendously.

  “Woah, woah, take it easy, yeah?”, he said, taking a few long strides before he was there, placing the glass on his nightstand.

  Her eyes were red and struggling to stay open, like she’d rubbed them one too many times.

  She scoffed as if the whole thing was a joke.

  Blood boiled in his veins. Everything she did, said, even wore at that point, was the equivalent of pouring gasoline in the fire pit that was Draco Malfoy.

  He shoved her shoulder down slightly when she didn’t cease her effort to sit up, stopping himself from apologizing when she winced from the force of his hand. 
  
    Sorry.
  
   It had been on the tip of his tongue, but he refused. She owed him a thank you, did she not?

  As best as she could, Granger rolled her eyes, sighing heavily, though she struggled to take in breath in the first place.

  “I take it there were no medi-witches around to avoid butchering me?”, she asked, her amber eyes locating him inquisitively.

  “Ah, unfortunately, the resident Slytherin nurse took off early today”, he smirked at her ridiculous statement.

  She laughed. Brief, almost caught in her throat and barely escaped, but a laugh. There wasn't a school nurse. If you got injured while attending the SSDA, it was a lesson to learn from or for some dark, twisted, educational purposes.

  “What’s the damage?”, she asked him, going to run her hands through her matted curls but stopping when the ache of her arms halted it.

  “Well you’re still unendurable, and unfortunately sound of mind and body”, he almost stuttered on the word body. 
  
    Almost.
  

  His eyes roamed her torso, uncovered by the sheets, before snapping back to her. Her slim waist was wrapped in blood-stained gauze. He’d had to remove her robes and clothing, stripping down to her plain black bra and panties to treat her wounds from countless curses. She didn't seem to mind all that much. Bold and brave, Granger.

  It hadn’t been sexual - he was focused on saving her life. But now that she was okay...well. His cock had a mind of its own, truly.

  
    Nargles. Astoria. Pumpkin juice. Voldemort. Hufflepuffs.
  

  He ran through things he hated to stop the blood rushing south.

  “If you wanted me dead 
  
    that
  
   bad you would’ve let me die, Malfoy”, she chuckled, breathing heavily again.

  “Speaking of - I don’t recall hearing a ‘thank you’ escape those snappy lips of yours'', he leaned across the bed, getting into her space. Gods he wanted to make her uncomfortable. Clearly being in his bed didn’t phase her, and it almost bothered him. That wouldn’t do.

  Her eyes narrowed, the firelight glinting in them.

  “That’s because there wasn’t one, nor will there be”, she grinned devilishly. He loved when she had an attitude back. No, he hated it.

  He also loved when she stood her ground, being the stubborn witch that she was. No, he definitely hated that too.

  “No appreciation for your savior?”, he feigned hurt, placing a ring-covered hand over his heart.

  She leaned her head slightly forward, beckoning him closer.

  His heart raced. Did hers race too? His beat so loudly that his augurium senses were clouded. It was difficult to read her in moments like those.

  “Want to know a secret, Malfoy?”, she whispered. He mentally beat down the shiver that threatened to overtake him.

  He leaned in further, placing a hand over her, careful to avoid her injuries but allowing him to invade her space again.

  “I don’t 
  
    need
  
   a savior”, her words tickled his ear and she tilted her head, awaiting his response.

  “Is that right?”, he said, holding on to the close proximity for as long as he could without raising suspicion.

  “Mhm”, she nodded, “I’ve made it this far, haven’t I? I’d say I’ve done well for myself, wouldn’t you?”

  “Definitely”, slipped out before he could stop it. Her face dropped. “You’re so uppity. Arrogant. Self-serving. Cunning. A Slytherin wearing the hide of a Gryffindor if you asked me”

  Her eyes flickered. Down to his lips, back to his eyes. Had the room caught fire?

  His skin burned, begging for a cold rush of water as his veins throbbed and urged him to lean forward just a bit more…

  Now he sensed two heartbeats. One his, one hers. Mutual burning. He knew it in every fiber of his being.

  Granger appeared thoroughly lost for words. She cleared her throat, trying to pull herself out of the moment, but Draco was entranced.

  “The hat...it hesitated”, she whispered. Words so small and quiet they may have been a trick of the wind blowing in from the balcony. A small admission in the guise of an innocent response.

  “Hesitated? Hm”, Draco said quietly, his voice deepening and his eyes dropping to peruse her face now. Cheeks still pink, lips still swollen. His vision went wild with imagination and his body thanked him for it, but berated him for not acting on it.

  “Mhm”, she sighed, her eyes dropping now too. Had they gotten closer? Who had moved forward? Was the room smaller? Shrinking, possibly?

  “Hesitated, why?”, he finally asked, his grey eyes snapping up sharply to hers when her tongue wet her lips languidly.

  “I was, well, I thought Ravenclaw, but then”, her chest was rising and falling in a rapid pace now as he crawled over her on all fours straddling her body without really touching her like she found herself craving.

  “It wanted to put you in Slytherin, didn’t it?”, he asked, voice heavy and gruff.

  “No”, she said, eyes unable to find somewhere to focus.

  He paused, his fingers in the middle of stroking her cheek. His brows raised in question, his mouth hanging open ever so slightly.

  “But I did”, she swallowed nervously.

  “What?”, she couldn’t decipher his tone from the response.

  He forcibly lifted her chin so she’d meet his eyes.

  “Say it. You wanted Slytherin. Say it, Granger”, his voice was raspy now, coated with allure. It didn’t hold an arrogance or taunting like she expected. No, the pitch and slide of it into her brain heated her entire body.

  She hesitated, and he noticed.

  “You don’t need a savior, Granger? Then 
  
    fucking say it
  
  ”, he challenged, knowing exactly how to test her. Exactly how to pull that competitiveness out of her.

  Her eyes met his. Wanting and dark, despite the light shade of them.

  She huffed lightly, a smirk tugging at her lips. She even dared to bite into it slightly, wondering what it would feel like if 
  
    he
  
   was the one biting it.

  She moved forward, ever daring and ever courageous, until their lips brushed with a feather-light touch and he froze.

  “I should have been a Slytherin”, and those words were barely out of her mouth before Malfoy was suffocating her with his own.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: lolita - lana del rey
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Heat and pressure and a taste she hadn’t expected came crashing down. Like hellfire and musk, washing over her in surprising waves.

  His lips were soft, warm, and he was moulding them to her own. And 
  
    fuck
  
   if she didn’t love it. But she didn’t love that it was him. She didn’t want to at least.

  Because it wasn’t just any 
  
    him
  
  . It wasn’t that simple. And Hermione Granger wasn’t the type to 
  
    do
  
   without 
  
    thinking
  
  . Something she was certain he wasn’t doing at that moment.

  She fought the urge to give in, to revel in the stirring that occurred in her sore abdomen. She tasted of iron, undoubtedly, but he certainly didn’t seem to mind.

  Malfoy’s kiss held a certain restraint, like he was playing tug-of-war with himself. Whether it was over who he was kissing, or avoiding injuring her further, she wasn’t sure.

  It was his groan that brought her wits back again, the ones she so struggled to latch onto. Deep, and resonating from his throat and into her own. It was husky and heavy, and downright 
  
    delicious
  
  .

  Reaching into her hair to grab the pin she kept secured there, she moved her knees to either side of his hips and flipped them both quickly, placing the pin at his throat.

  Except it wasn’t a pin anymore. It was a silver blade. She bit into her cheek, drawing fresh blood, just to hold back a cry from the pain she incited in her movements to overtake him. She had winced already, and succumbed to his kiss, and she refused to show any further weakness.

  “What the-”, he shouted in shock, “How did you-? Where did you...but your wand is over…”, he trailed off that time.

  She felt no need to explain her wandless transfiguration. Was it really that surprising she could do such a thing? She’d been an 
  
    apprentice
  
   for Voldemort, and for over 3 years now at that. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea to keep these skills in her back pocket, 
  
    or in my hair
  
  , she chuckled silently.

  “Care to explain what the bloody 
  
    hell
  
   that was, Malfoy?”, she said, chest heaving for breath and long brown curls thrown behind her.

  His eyes were blown wide, matching the blade at his throat in a sickeningly beautiful way. “What in the name of Slytherin are you doing?”, he practically spat at her, arms held back above his head to show he intended no harm.

  There was a slight, pink tint to his typically pale cheekbones. His hair was now mussed from the kiss, his black, silk shirt scrunched up in a way that practically screamed “thoroughly snogged”. It was a refreshing contrast to his typical snark and arrogance, and she tried to ignore the surprisingly hard and thick erection that was pressed between her thighs, only separated due to her black knickers and his trousers.

  “Mind lowering this? Did it ever run through your pretty little brain that if I wanted to hurt you I would’ve done it while you were incapacitated?”, he said angrily, the moment having passed but his erection still at a restrained full-mast.

  She hesitantly pulled the blade away, pleased to see there was a slight indentation in the skin there where she’d held it taut.

  The confusion was clear in his face still, his thoughts piecing together where she’d gotten the knife. She turned her attention to the blade, wordlessly transfiguring it back to a hairpin and tucking it into her curls at the nape of her head.

  But that distraction was all it took for him to flip them back, pinning her limbs down with his own, his eyes sharp on hers.

  “How 
  
    dare
  
   y-”, she began before being cut off.

  “Shut the fuck up. You’re bleeding. You’ve ruined all the healing I did on your stomach and you’re literally bleeding through the bandages”, he hissed at her in frustration.

  He gave her a look of warning before removing his hands from their hold against her wrists. She rolled her eyes in response, rubbing at them as he rose to grab his wand and fix the work.

  “Maybe they wouldn’t have torn if you wouldn’t have done such a 
  
    botched
  
   job in the first place”, she seethed, her patience reaching an end and the sexual heat she’d felt completely gone.

  “Would it kill you to thank someone? For 
  
    once
  
   in your life? You’re lucky to be 
  
    alive
  
   as a mudblood in the current state we’re in, let alone have the position and privileges that you do.”, there was pure anger in his eyes now. They’d gone completely charcoal, his jaw clenching heavily.

  “Yes, it would kill me”, she replied simply, knowing it would make matters worse, but that’s what she sought. He wanted to see the hidden Slytherin Hermione? Then he’d fucking get it.

  He scoffed before chucking his glass at the wall. “FUCK!”

  “No one has ever thanked me for a thing in my life. And no, I won’t thank anyone or be thankful to be alive. It shouldn’t be a privilege to be alive in spite of my 
  
    blood
  
  . That’s the problem, Malfoy. You think I should grovel and thank you for any ounce of decent treatment. So you can shove your ‘thank-you’s”, she said to him, exhausted from his ignorance alone.

  She began to unravel her gauze, grabbing her wand off the table and using it to begin healing it herself. 
  
    If you want something done right…
  

  He was laughing. A dark and threatening laugh that would’ve scared her if she hadn’t seen and endured things much worse, countless times before. Men didn’t scare her, Malfoy included.

  She sucked in a sharp breath in pain as she stitched the skin back together, slowly enough for it to not need bandaging, but efficiently. She didn’t care if it scarred. If anything, scars were badges of honor in things she’d survived. She wore them proudly.

  “Besides, I think discussing what you just did is much more important than a ‘thank-you’, don’t you agree?”, she asked as she pulled her clothes back on, careful of her freshly healed wounds.

  “What, what 
  
    I
  
   just did? You leaned in so close I could smell the blood in your hair, Granger”, he said, running a hand vigorously through his hair and turning to level her with his gaze.

  “You’re the one who got all hot and bothered over me divulging a possible flaw in the sorting system - which no longer 
  
    exists
  
   might I add”, she responded, clenching her fists and digging her nails in.

  The most arrogant laugh Hermione had ever heard - even for 
  
    Malfoy
  
   - escaped his lips. “I won’t apologize since you’ve got your knickers so far up your 
  
    arse
  
   that you can’t even utter any sort of appreciation. Besides, it isn’t as if I was trying to court you! I’m a 19 year old. I’ll only apologize if this was unconsenting, but you and I both know it was willful, if not 
  
    wanted
  
   and 
  
    reciprocated,
  
   at the least”, he smirked.

  He knew. Augurium skills came in handy in situations like these. He sensed her arousal, the stirring in her brain, the wanting. Any sign of “no” in the air and he would’ve pulled back. But he couldn’t tell her this, because it would risk the divulgence of him being an Augurium. The thought of that getting out, 
  
    especially
  
   of the Dark Lord finding out...that just couldn’t happen.

  “Draco 
  
    fucking
  
   Malfoy, how could anyone 
  
    ever
  
   not want to snog him, right?”, she threw her hands up to match her sarcastic lashing.

  “Oh but you did, Granger. There’s no point lying, especially not to yourself”, he said darkly.

  Her face settled, her eyes narrowing on him and she strode forward and pointed a finger against his chest, and his face mirrored hers. At the very least, Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy usually had one thing in common - they both despised each other.

  “I should go, before your 19 year old 
  
    impulses
  
   get the better of you and ruin your courtship endeavors. I’m sure your future heirs would be so ashamed to hear  their father lusted after a 
  
    mudblood
  
  ”, she spat before spinning on her heel and striding out the door, sure to slam it on the way.

  He practically screamed in anger, overwhelmed with the whiplash-inducing turns the situation had taken. He ground his teeth until his jaw ached and was tempted to toss Dragon Gin into his eyes just so he could stop picturing her body, her face, her hair. Even after how much she had infuriated him, he wanted her. But doubt had crept in. Had she wanted it? Had his augury senses failed him? No, that wasn’t a thing. He’d done so much research going up and read countless books, his senses weren’t wrong.

  But it infuriated him to think that she was so ashamed and against admitting that her wanting had been mutual. And in a way, it hurt more than just his pride. Despite the common assumption, Draco Malfoy had 
  
    feelings
  
  . And Hermione Granger had somehow managed, for once, to actually bruise them.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: roslyn - ben pellow
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  General Theodore Nott was at work - 
  
    but then again, when was he not?
  
   - when he received the next set of analyzed results from Longbottom.

  He sat at his desk at what he liked to call “Headquarters of Hell”, which was located where the ruins of the Ministry once stood.

  With his feet kicked up on the cluttered desk, hair overgrown and thoroughly mussed up from running his hands through it, he downed his glass of Dragon Gin before striding over to the window to retrieve Longbottom’s owl.

  He fed the owl a small treat before rubbing its honey-colored feathers and whispering a ‘thank-you’ in dismissal.

  
    Alright, what’ve we got this time?
  
   - He thought to himself, clearing his throat and rolling his sleeves up as he unraveled the parchment.

  Theo scanned the contents briefly before he noticed something out of place - something unusual for his correspondence with the reformed Order member (if this term was even accurate).

  
    More like someone forced against his will…
  

  The highlighted names were few and far between, and 
  
    never
  
   had any notes beside them. 
  
    Never.
  

  Which is why the scrawled note beside Hermione Granger’s name, of all people, was a bit jolting. 
  
    Granger? Muggle-born Granger??
  

  Theo read the scribble over and over next to her name - 
  
    Descendant of S.S. - research done.
  

  He furrowed his brows, squinting at the parchment and questioning just how much alcohol he’d had. 
  
    Descendant of S.S. - research done.
  

  
    Salazar Slytherin? Surely not. Granger? A descendant of...surely it’s someone else with the same initials. Longbottom’s high off his bloody plant fumes, that’s it. There’s no-
  

  His thoughts were interrupted by the appearance of another owl. One that was black, from its eyes to its talons, and appeared severely underfed. It shook viciously and Theo was hesitant as he opened the window again curiously.

  “It’s alright, little lad, what’s wrong…”, his voice tapered off as he took the scroll, the only remnants of the anxious owl which eagerly flew away as soon as its task had been completed.

  The parchment looked identical to Longbottom’s, except it wasn’t Longbottom’s owl, and the delay in message was odd.

  He tore the seal, opening it and placing it next to the first. 
  
    Why would he send two? Merlin, maybe he really does need to get out of that greenhouse.
  

  But as Theo’s eyes roamed down the list, he noticed one difference. Granger’s name wasn’t highlighted, and there was no note. In fact - on this parchment, her name specifically was listed as having “0% magical blood lineage”.

  ‘Suspicious’ wasn’t a strong enough word. But for some reason, it wasn’t difficult to sort out who was likely the source of the altered copy of parchment. And any questions he had about Longbottom’s involvement in the second results were answered by the attached note written on the back in slow and steady handwriting -

  
    “General Nott - Neville Longbottom will no longer be involved. Narcissa Malfoy will pick up the work in his absence.”
  

  That was all he needed to finish the puzzle. Longbottom was dead. No doubts or further questions needed. He didn’t need glasses to see between the lines here.

  His next question was - how in the bloody 
  
    fuck
  
   did Longbottom manage to get this message to him so quickly? Or - why was the Dark Lord so keen on covering this up?

  It could only mean one thing, realistically - Hermione Granger really was 
  
    another
  
   heir to Slytherin. Not just the shell of a human that haunted their world as the former Tom Riddle.

  
    Salazar fucking Slytherin. Literally.
  

  
    What the fuck am I to do with this, then?
  

  <>

  
    song: new girl - finneas
  

  April of 1999 had officially felt like the longest time in Hermione Granger’s life. And yes, this included the war.

  Neville was still missing, and any hope she may have had that he was alive had quickly diminished, given the circumstances. But what could he have possibly done to result in someone (that someone obviously being Voldemort) to completely wipe his existence, if he - 1) was a pureblood needed for the population plan, and 2) wasn’t given this punishment after serving the Order?

  She tried not to let the thought consume her, and luckily Narcissa Malfoy was a willing distraction. But even she couldn’t get her own son off of Hermione’s mind, much to her dismay.

  His lack of teasing and taunting was more than apparent. It was deliberate. Even Narcissa seemed concerned that her own son's lack of instigatory behavior was odd.

  Hermione was sick of it. She’d reached a boiling point with the combination of everything that had happened in the past month and the lack of information she had to understand any of it.

  It wasn’t necessarily Malfoy’s refusal to even make eye contact with her that pushed her over the edge itself. It was the straw that broke the camel’s back, you could say.

  So when it was his turn to patrol the halls that night towards the end of April, she had been planning to confront him for at least a week prior.

  Hermione rounded the corner with intent as she made her way towards him, but her intent had not been to run straight into him.

  “
  
    Fuck’s sake
  
  ”, he hissed at her with his wand out.

  He wore a simple pair of black trousers, his white, silk button-down undone half-way, as if he had been tempted to forgo formal attire for his shift entirely.

  Her heart practically stopped when their eyes met, because she realized they hadn’t even done 
  
    that
  
   since the night in his room.

  He narrowed his eyes and scowled in frustration when she couldn’t find the words. The entire rehearsed monologue had fled her brain. How was it that she had never been speechless around him, until now?

  
    Because they’d kissed.
  

  
    Because she’d straddled him in his own bed, in only her knickers.
  

  
    Because despite her dismissal, her dreams had been filled with the lustful glare he’d given her ever since.
  

  He started to turn away but she grabbed his bicep, surprised by the toned muscle she felt rippling through his shirt, shaking her head to regain her confidence. 
  
    Remember who you are. You will not be rendered speechless by a fucking man. No - a 19 year old boy.
  

  His eyes were sharp, like shards of glass on hers, and his huff of impatience fueled her irritation.

  “What is your 
  
    problem
  
  ?”, she demanded, retreating her hand from its position on his arm, despite her desire to leave it.

  He laughed. Short and forced, a sound meant to be condescending, but the fire inside her was fueled by it once again. Fueled in a way only 
  
    he
  
   seemed capable of causing.

  “
  
    My
  
   problem?”, he tilted his head, turning to face her fully and crossing his arms. He nodded a bit, his eyes flitting around to formulate his next blow - ensuring it would hit precisely where he wanted it to.

  “For starters, a simple ‘no’ would have sufficed”, he glared back at her, as if trying to invade her mind and read what she wasn’t saying aloud.

  Hermione ground her teeth together, taking in and analyzing his words.

  “So, it wasn’t the knife to your throat that pissed you off”, she questioned, posing it more as a statement.

  His eyes darkened, for only a moment, but it was enough of a hole that her legilimency pushed through and grasped it.

  
    Oh?
  

  Malfoy bit into his cheek, curling and uncurling his fingers.

  Eager to delve deeper, Hermione continued, “This is all because I...because I rejected you?”, this really was a question, and one she needed to hear answered out loud.

  His jaw clenched. 
  
    Bingo.
  

  Her cheeks flooded with heat at the realization. It wasn’t that she threatened his life or even because she refused to thank him for healing her. It was simply because she had aggressively and confidently 
  
    refused
  
   his advance.

  “Granger, don’t get too-”, he began but she cut him off instantly.

  She took a bold step forward. “Malfoy, don’t tell me you have feelings.”

  His eyes widened and she quickly realized her mistake - her error in words used, or rather, words not used to elaborate.

  She’d meant ‘don’t tell me you have feelings, 
  
    in general
  
  ’, but it was too late.

  “I do 
  
    not
  
  , and make sure you fucking hear me when I say this”, he invaded her personal space, nose against hers, his heated breath sending shockwaves through her body. “I do 
  
    not
  
   have feelings for you. Not 
  
    positive
  
   ones, anyway”, he chuckled darkly.

  The temptation was there, and it coated her skin like rainfall with his scent and his glare, and it felt like a challenge. Although she knew it wasn’t, Hermione wasn’t the witch to back down. She wasn’t the witch to fuck with. But something in his boldness, in the audacity he carried himself with…

  It used to infuriate her, and sure, it still did. But now? It spurred want, and need, and it felt like a dare.

  “The feeling is mutual”, she breathed, and his eyes darted down to her lips as they hung open. A window. An opportunity.

  But there was a clicking down the hall, growing ever closer, and she knew exactly who it was. Knew exactly who those hideous, pointy-toed boots belonged to. Bellatrix.

  She knew the woman had her shift that night as well, but how long had they stood there staring in silence between bits of arguing and tension for her to catch up to Malfoy’s route?

  Hermione didn’t have time to consider it, because Malfoy had caught on as well. And before she could make a decision or hex the woman on site, large hands wrapped around her hips and dragged her straight into the former Room of Requirement.

  The Hall of Daerd.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: watch me burn - michele morrone
  

  
    {April 1999
  

  Her eyes were squeezed shut, and she almost couldn’t bring herself to open them. They could still hear the clicking of Bellatrix’s boots as they made their way by the single door between them and slowly retreated. She had been mumbling to herself. 
  
    Crazy bitch.
  

  But it wasn’t until Hermione’s eyes shot open that she took in her surroundings. Mirrors. Everywhere.

  She hadn’t been in the Hall of Daerd herself, so she didn’t realize how extensive it was. There were no walls, no ceiling, no floor. Just. Mirrors.

  And in every single angle she could see Malfoy, staring back at her with a glittering silver that rivaled what was around them.

  He had one arm wrapped tightly around her waist, pulling her flush against him. His free hand was snug against her mouth, and his hand was cold, his rings glinting in their reflections.

  And all she could think about was out of control and simultaneously power she felt from the look he was giving her. His fingertips pressed against her skin, around her mouth and at her side, were so firm that she imagined them leaving bruises there. Not just imagining - fantasizing.

  So she found herself letting her mouth gape open slightly, her lips against his hand, and she breathed out, heavy and full of heat, and likely more 
  
    lust-filled
  
   than she could verbally admit to.

  But there was something about watching his Adam’s Apple bob in his throat, the subtle shiver he failed to hide, and feeling him as he hardened against her backside.

  This was the second time she’d felt him so close against her, so intimately. This time, she didn’t want to pull away. Didn’t 
  
    want
  
   to.

  All Hermione truly wanted in that moment was for his body to consume hers. The cold temperature of his hand had fled, and he felt like a flame against her - burning her skin straight through their clothes.

  His hand slid down to her throat, wrapping around the column, and he gave an experimental squeeze, causing her eyes to roll back and her breath to become heavy.

  Malfoy chuckled darkly, “Wow.”

  It was a growl, portraying the mix of amusement and intrigue her reaction had caused him.

  He leaned in, lips brushing against her ear, and her head dropped back to his shoulder with a sigh. “It wasn’t me...it was my approach”, he assessed with another laugh that filled her ears.

  “Fuck you”, she groaned as his hands began to explore in a painfully slow manner.

  “You’d like that, wouldn’t you”, he said, finding a nipple through her blouse and squeezing it hard enough to make her gasp.

  “
  
    Fuck
  
   you”, she repeated, although she would’ve given 
  
    anything
  
   for him not to stop.

  “Where’d that dirty mouth come from, 
  
    sweetheart
  
  ?”, he taunted, his hand leaving her breast to drag up her bare thigh, his nails scraping against the skin.

  Hermione shuddered at the sensation, mentally wishing it would even break the skin a bit. It wouldn’t be the first time she’d been marked, except this time, she wanted it.

  Those ascending hands paused and her head shot up to find him in the mirrors straight ahead. They were clouded, like an internal fog behind them, transforming to complete what they were charmed to show.

  What the viewer dreaded most.

  And she was in a trance, caught in the blur of transforming reflections before her, just as Malfoy was.

  Chills covered her arms as the vision filled her sight.

  Except it wasn’t a clear image - it was a sensation. Chills covered her arms and she grit her teeth together. It was a concept, overwhelming her mind.

  Voldemort forever in power. But it wasn’t just that. It was her serving him for her entire life. Her sitting by and doing nothing.

  And more specifically, not 
  
    her
  
   in power. And a desire she never knew she had revealed itself in the portrayal of dread. Made itself known in that instance, as clear as mid-day.

  She wanted what he had. She wanted control. She wanted that power. And the yearning for it felt like a bomb going off - a revelation she hadn’t been prepared for.

  But her imagination continued, and she realized what power she already held. Hermione had power over the man currently entwined with her body, encaptured and fascinated by her presence.

  This sudden cognisense...it was fucking orgasmic. A glorious understanding that she, Hermione Granger, did have potential, but for much more than anyone had ever known or given her credit for.

  
    Maybe the hat was right…
  

  The answer was clear. And Hermione was a doer.

  With Malfoy still mid-trance, she swiveled in his hold, grabbing his face with both hands, and capturing his lips.

  They were like ice from whatever the mirror had shown him. But they were soft and malleable and it didn’t take long to pull him from his own dread.

  She didn’t invade his mind because he would’ve sensed it, but she skirted the edges, and something told her that whatever he’d seen, she was his solution as well. 
  
    Good.
  

  He groaned into her mouth, his tongue seeking hers aggressively and flicking with such 
  
    thirst
  
   that she couldn’t help imagining what it would feel like lower.

  “Changed your mind, then?”, he asked playfully, pulling her bottom lip between his teeth and releasing it with a 
  
    pop
  
  .

  “Well done, you truly are 
  
    brilliant
  
   aren’t you”, she retorted sarcastically.

  His fist knotted in her hair and it felt just like that day in the Great hall when he’d done the same, but the intention was entirely different (or so she thought).

  “Granger, you have no 
  
    fucking
  
   clue”, he said in a tone that teetered between a threat and a promise.

  Malfoy spun her around again, walking her forward as he placed heated kisses on her neck, sucking and abusing the sensitive flesh there.

  But then he did something unexpected.

  Wrapping his hands around her waist, he dragged them to the floor, seating her between his legs and facing forward, his eyes meeting hers in the mirror ahead.

  Her chest and cheeks were flushed red, just like his, and the inability to even ask what he was doing was driving her mad.

  His large hands found her thighs and spread them so that the knickers beneath her skirt were completely in view in the reflection.

  He rested one palm against her heat, snaking his other hand underneath her shirt until he could pull down her bra.

  “Say yes”, he demanded in a groan when he saw the black of her knickers again. “I wanted to see more that night in my room, but I’m a 
  
    gentleman
  
   after all.”

  “Gentleman”, she scoffed at the word but gasped when he kneaded her breast.

  “Say yes, Granger, 
  
    say it
  
  ”, he repeated.

  “How can I say yes when I don’t even know what I’m agreeing to”, she teased, her eyes darkening like melted chocolate.

  Malfoy licked a long stripe up the side of her neck before pressing his hand more firmly against her knickers, running his fingers up and down the wet spot that had betrayed her.

  “All these mirrors…”, he trailed off, his now charcoal grey eyes beaming at her in the reflection, “I want you to see yourself when you cum for me.”

  His hands slowed at his last words and she felt the flushing of heat across her skin.

  There was a pause, a few moments of heated breathing in the silence before she finally responded, “Yes”, on a heavy exhale.

  His wicked assault began again, his teeth biting down against her collarbone, and she’d never felt more alive than she did then.

  Malfoy’s skilled fingers pinched the material of her knickers and dragged them aside. He ran a long finger up the moisture before bringing it to his mouth and tasting it.

  Hermione didn’t know what to do other than watch as his eyes grew impossibly darker and he practically growled at her taste.

  “All this for me, yeah?”, he spoke against her neck, and his fingers plunged inside of her.

  She arched her back, her eyes shooting to the ceiling, but it was them 
  
    again.
  
   How had she managed to forget where they were? Everywhere she looked, it was her, and him, and 
  
    them.
  

  “Ah, ah, ah”, he scolded, grabbing the back of her head with his free hand and forcing her to look straight ahead.

  “Gods, you’re a mess Granger, see that?”, he grinned devilishly, and it was then that she noticed the moisture pooling below her cunt from his touch alone. From the arousal that 
  
    he
  
   had caused.

  “Fucking 
  
    delicious
  
  ”, he said, as his fingers pumped in and out of her, his ringed thumb rubbing against her clit, the room filling with the erotic sound of wet skin on skin.

  “Oh…”, she gasped, trying her best to hold it back.

  “Don’t go quiet on me 
  
    now
  
  , sweetheart, I’m enjoying these 
  
    noises
  
  ”, he said as his fingers curled and pressed against her just right.

  “Gods...
  
    fuck
  
  ”, she gritted out between her teeth, still suppressing the urge to moan endlessly.

  Her fingers gripped his hair tightly, pulling at the soft strands, and he chuckled darkly again, sending shivers down her spine and pushing her even closer to the edge.

  “Why are you holding yourself back? Afraid to come all over my fingers? Don’t be shy”, and his voice was so husky at that point that the sheer sound of it shot through her veins like 
  
    heroin.
  

  “You’re so close I can 
  
    feel
  
   it, Granger, let go”, he commanded, and finally, she did.

  Her walls gripped his fingers, seeking something to hold onto as she came undone, her sight going dark for a moment and her thighs shaking against his where he was pressed against her.

  She had never cum from the touch of someone else, and the last person she’d ever expect to want it from was him. And yet, here she was. Hair all over the place, and legs wide open with Draco Malfoy’s fingers between them.

  And her mind was so hazy after such euphoria that all she could think as their eyes met again in the reflection was how pretty of a picture they made together, in the worst way.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: salvatore - lana del rey
  

  
    {May 1999
  

  “Nott”, the dark-haired man greeted the young general.

  “Professor Snape”, he responded to his old potions professor.

  “To what do I owe the...
  
    unsolicited visit
  
  ”, Snape said while stirring a cauldron of bubbling, red liquid without even looking at it.

  “Great to see you as well, sir”, Theo responded exasperatedly, taking a seat at one of the tables, kicking his black boots up on the desk and crossing his arms across his chest.

  Snape shot Theo a frustrated side glare but waited for the General to speak.

  Theo laid his head back against the chair, sighing heavily, unsure how to properly divulge the information he’d uncovered from the now missing and presumed-to-be-dead, Neville Longbottom.

  “Any day now”, Snape drawled at the younger wizard, whom he still struggled to see as anything more than a pawn in the Dark Lord’s game. But they all were, weren’t they?

  “Alright. Let’s just lay it on the table - allow me to be a Gryffindor for a moment, yes?”, Theo responded, bringing his feet down to the floor and leaning across the table. He couldn’t sit still, and this fact didn’t go over Snape’s head.

  Snape nodded for him to continue, pursing his lips and narrowing his dark eyes in curiosity.

  “The Granger girl. She’s…”, Theo ran his hands through his hair in frustration. He was taking a risk - a 
  
    big
  
   one. But something had always eaten at him about Snape. He reminded Theo so very much of Draco, who was not all he seemed on the outside.

  Snape rolled his neck, feigning disinterest despite his ears which were honed in like a bat.

  “Bloody hell. She’s a fucking descendant of Slytherin”, his deep caramel eyes finally rose to meet the empty black holes that belonged to Snape.

  The man simply scoffed, almost laughing, 
  
    almost
  
  .

  “I fail to see the humor in this situation”, he said gruffly in frustration.

  “
  
    General Nott
  
  , I dearly hope you realize what it is you're claiming and what it would 
  
    mean
  
  ”, Snape said, his eyes snapping to the wizard in front of him.

  “Yes, 
  
    Professor
  
  , I know exactly what it means. I also know the risk I’m taking in 
  
    telling
  
   you this. So my question for you is, what are you going to do with this information?”, Theo rose from his seat, walking around the table to lean against it.

  Snape flung his cape back dramatically as if out of habit, “Need I remind you, you are a 
  
    boy
  
  . A 
  
    young
  
   and 
  
    inexperienced
  
   wizard. 
  
    Clearly
  
   the Dark Lord’s wrath has yet to reach you in a way that leaves a mark”, he glanced down to the mark hidden beneath Theo’s sleeve.

  “Need I remind 
  
    you
  
   that I was made the 
  
    General
  
  . Something my 
  
    Father
  
   should’ve volunteered for but he was all too eager and proud for his son to take the position, wasn’t he? The General of 
  
    his
  
   army. So let’s drop the fucking pleasantries and get to the point. Neither of us are all we pretend to be.”

  Theo’s fists were clenched at his sides now in frustration, steam practically coming out of his nose.

  “How observant of you”, Snape said simply, his expression calm and apathetic.

  “Right then”, Theo said in resignation, turning to walk out of the room. He was stopped in his tracks as his hand reached for the doorknob.

  “When do you plan to tell her”, Snape said from behind him, sounding like less of a question and more like a comment on the weather.

  “I’m not sure if I even should”, Theo said with a renewed calmness, turning to face the man once again. “Would it even make a difference in any of this?”, he questioned aloud.

  “I think you underestimate her”, the professor retorted.

  “On the contrary”, Theo said, eyes meeting the man’s once again. “I fear we’d be at war all over again if she knew”

  <>

  
    song: roll of the dice - king no-one
  

  Hermione was in the middle of grading papers when a knock came at her office door. She took a sip of her faerie wine straight from the bottle before setting it down lightly.

  “Yes? Come in”, she responded, holding her wand tightly just in case Bellatrix finally threw caution to the wind tonight.

  Much to her surprise, Severus Snape waltzed in with his permanent look of distaste in tow.

  “Headmistress”, he greeted, nodding his head before taking the seat across from Hermione’s desk.

  “Severus”, she stated, forgoing formalities. The way she saw it, this man wasn’t to be trusted anymore than Voldemort himself, and she was above him in power and position.

  He scowled slightly at her choice to forgo ‘Professor’ in addressing him. Rather than asking ‘what can I do for you?’ she chose to wait for him to proceed. Asking such a thing meant offering her assistance and help, but she wouldn’t offer - she would be 
  
    asked
  
  .

  Her visions in The Hall gave her a renewed sense of purpose and self-awareness, and she overanalyzed every word spoken or unspoken from her own mouth. Every syllable meant more than its definition in her eyes.

  “Well then”, Snape began, clearly put off by her slight change in demeanor.

  
    Godric forbid a woman speak or choose not to speak in a powerful and meaningful way. Snape was known for doing this, but how dare anyone else employ this method, right?
  

  He cleared his throat, refusing to show any sign of discomfort - a standoff between the two.

  “I feel we have a discussion that is...long overdue”, he stated plainly, as if his meaning were obvious. And it was, but she wouldn’t be the first to lay out her cards.

  “Care to elaborate?”, she questioned calmly, taking her time to actually pour the wine in a glass before proceeding, and not bothering to offer him any.

  “Miss G -”, he cleared his throat again, “
  
    Headmistress
  
  , forgive my bluntness, but when did you become so obstinate?”

  “I’m afraid I don’t know what you mean, Severus”, she stated, watching as he cringed slightly at the repeated use of his first name.

  He pursed his lips, standing from his seat and strolling around the room casually. “You and I have some things in common”, he said, looking at the spot which used to hold Dumbledore’s portrait but now held a painting of Voldemort - Hermione only had so much control over her own office’s decorum.

  “We both serve the Dark Lord at the Slytherin School of Dark Arts, you always have been observant”, she mused, a smirk playing on her lips. She would not blindly trust him.

  
    I will not blindly trust him. I can’t trust anyone but myself. Neville was the only person I had. For all I know, Snape has something to do with his disappearance. For all I know, he wants me dead.
  

  “I’d suggest you watch your snark”, he turned sharply towards her, hands behind his back.

  “Or what? Unless you’ve forgotten, and I’m sure a...
  
    cunning
  
  , 
  
    Slytherin
  
   man like yourself hasn’t, I am your superior, Severus”, she gave an extra hiss at the end of his name. It wasn’t on purpose, but it communicated what she intended it to.

  “Then again, we have more in common than even 
  
    your
  
   clever mind has grasped. Or should I say, 
  
    learned
  
  ”, he narrowed his eyes.

  
    What the hell does that mean?
  

  She rolled her tongue around her mouth, standing with her wine in hand, and took a long sip before responding.

  “And what is it I’ve yet to learn?”, she challenged, tilting her head to the side in challenge.

  “I’m sure you’ll figure it out, 
  
    Headmistress
  
  . Brightest witch and such...you clearly have no time or interest in this conversation”, he said, a certain bitterness on his tongue at her title.

  “I beg to differ, 
  
    Severus
  
  ”, she returned with twice the malice. “You’ve piqued my interest, now.”

  What should’ve been a smug grin on the wizard’s face came through as a look of contentment. “Then please, let’s sit and speak as colleagues”, he said, gesturing towards her desk.

  They each strode to their abandoned seats and it felt like deja vu - no progress made, per se, but a shift in the room.

  “Let’s start with facts, shall we?”, he said, interlacing his fingers and placing them against his stomach.

  Hermione nodded slowly, mirroring his position.

  “We both served both sides in the war”, he said boldly. Her mind raced to unpack the terms he chose. To her vexation, words were something they both took care with. Another thing they had in common.

  Not to mention it was difficult to decipher which term he was truly emphasizing. There was a difference between “we both 
  
    served
  
   both sides of the war” and “we both served 
  
    both
  
   sides of the war”.

  One, to her, incited the unspoken question of ‘which side were you actually serving’ and the other seemed to imply an assumption that their loyalties lied in opposite places both prior to the final battle and then.

  While the purpose of both statements is similar, they were largely different in Hermione’s mind.

  
    I’m overthinking, right?
  

  But that’s what Hermione Granger did. Questioning and analyzing was what had kept her alive to that point. Treading lightly had kept her alive to that point, and you don’t fix what isn’t broken.

  Trust is earned, not blindly given.

  She nodded, and when it was clear she had no intent to comment on this, he continued.

  “We both 
  
    helped
  
   Potter’s side...technically”, he stated. She’d expected him to state separate facts, but these went down the same trail.

  She nodded again, feeling herself tense slightly.

  “We both were part of the Order”, he added.

  She nodded again.

  “Alright”, he said, realizing she wasn’t going to give him any indication as to her true loyalties without him doing so. His stubbornness fought a hard battle inside of him, but he wasn’t against taking risks - thought-out risks at least. And at some point in your life, you have to jump.

  “Rather than listing off further commonalities that you’ll refuse to respond to audibly or visibly - I’d wager you and I have certain goals in common. Or if not certain goals, common things or 
  
    beings
  
   in the way of separate goals”, he ventured.

  Snape’s message was loud and clear to her. He knew it would be. She knew he intended for it to be.

  Hermione let out a heavy exhale, leaning forward on the desk before responding.

  “And 
  
    if
  
   that is the case, what is your meaning of addressing it”, but what she really meant was - 
  
    what exactly do you have in mind?
  

  Snape leaned forward as well, elbows on his knees, in a manner that felt characteristically unlike him, “I recently came across some information I feel you’d be more than interested to know.”

  Hermione was silent again. How 
  
    interested
  
   exactly, 
  
    would
  
   she be, exactly? What made the information so interesting to 
  
    her
  
  ?

  A million questions spurred from his one statement. She wasn’t willing to take the same jump as he was. She wasn’t prepared for that risk. This could be a trap, and if it was, she wouldn’t go willingly into it.

  “Surely you’re too intelligent to expect me to simply hand it over.” Snape leaned back in his chair again, rubbing his thumb and pointer finger together as if rolling a pebble between them.

  She lowered her head slightly in agreement.

  “For now, let’s simply leave it here. I take it my trust should be earned? That goes the same for you. While I’m aware I’ve been vague, my cards are laid out nonetheless.”

  And with that, he rose from his seat and left without another word, leaving Hermione to stew in her swarm of thoughts as she finished her wine.

  
    Chapter Text
    
   song: take a slice - glass animals 


   {May 1999 

Snape’s words played on a loop in Hermione’s mind.

   I take it my trust should be earned? That goes the same for you. 

 I’d wager you and I have certain goals in common - certain   beings   in the way. 

   My cards are laid out nonetheless. 

What  fucking  cards then? How can you read the cards when you don’t even know what the bloody game is? The cards seemed to be in a different  language , honestly.
Because at the base of it all, his intention was obvious. Or rather, his unspoken question -  what side are you on? Where do your loyalties lie? 
But the answer would only be a disappointment to both of them if she was correct in assuming his side -  does it matter? 
Voldemort was all powerful. Unconquerable. Undefeated. Not that she was against the idea, but was it wise to even  think  of planning a demise? To even  ponder  it? No. Definitely not.
So once again Hermione Granger found herself questioning what a man’s game was, and what her role was in it. Was she a pawn or one of the players? And what information was he trying to offer?
Hermione was rational and intelligent, so yes, it did make sense that he was wary of her in the same way she was him. So what information was it she would so like to know?
She tried to shrug it off as she laid in bed, wide awake, unable to sleep. Taking the last swig of liquid left in her bottle of faerie wine, her body thrumming with alcohol, she decided it may be time to pull out the stronger stuff.
Pulling on a pair of loose shorts and an oversized t-shirt, forgoing shoes, she threw her curls into a bun atop her head before tiptoeing out of her bedroom and towards her office.
The stone floors were cold against her bare feet, but she reveled in the chill of it. Besides, her body was warm enough from the alcohol she’d already ingested.
Hermione rolled her neck in circles as she walked, trying to loosen the tension and stress that had taken hold of her. She was calm, but not relaxed by any means. But that was up until she saw light streaming into the hall, softly flickering underneath the door of her office.
Never one to forget her wand, she gripped it tightly, her knuckles turning white against the vine, and she pushed her way through the threshold.
The last thing she expected was a drunken Malfoy.
They had yet to speak since their... entanglement  in The Hall of Daerd. The images swam through her mind consistently, until Snape’s “overdue discussion” had replaced it. But now, they came flooding back.
But even those thoughts were ripped away as easily as thin parchment, her breath stolen in the same fashion, when she realized he was shirtless. Pale skin against the lit fireplace of the office seemed all the brighter, and  Gods was he fit. 
The sectumsempra scars were somehow even milkier and washed out in color than the rest of his torso, and her mind was plagued with how it may feel to run her tongue against them.  Rough or smooth? Jagged or soft? 
His white hair hung roughly over his forehead, tickling the tops of his contrasting eyebrows and silver eyes.
Everything about him screamed  sin  and  darkness  and altogether  wrong  . But nothing had ever felt so bloody  right. Especially not when her eyes dragged painfully slow down his muscles, analyzing the blue veins pulled taut against his forearms, the dark mark like a label of danger against it. The harsh V of his abs like an arrow disappearing into his black trousers.
Every fiber of her being stood at attention to him now, and she loved it. It felt far too good to be right, or safe, or trustworthy. But she’d only be lying if she claimed she didn’t want it. She wanted all of it. All of him. But she still hated the truth.
Something in her mind screamed at her,  stop staring you slag.  But that was only a brief moment before she heard his deep, throaty chuckling.
She narrowed her eyes in realization that he held a cigarette between his pale pink lips - one of her  muggle cigarettes. 
Hermione stormed further in, slamming the door behind her.
“Ah yes, please barge into my office in the middle of the night, light my fire, and steal my things. And do it half-naked at that”, she hissed at him, eyes narrowing in scrutiny.
Malfoy’s lips parted slightly, holding the cigarette still between his teeth, and she realized it hadn’t even been lit.
“Right, and then don’t even bother to light the bloody thing. Insufferable git”, she muttered.
Without even thinking, she marched to her desk, pulled out a muggle lighter, and marched over to him, shoving it against his chest.
She fought the urge to shiver when her knuckles met his bare skin, inhaling deeply to fight the blush threatening her cheeks.
Malfoy slowly turned to her, wrapping his long fingers around hers to slowly accept the lighter. He analyzed it, pulling the cigarette from his mouth with his other hand.
Finally, after a few moments, he flicked and ignited the device properly, staring at the small flame made by science and not magic.
Eyes shooting up to hers, silver and sharp, he let his tongue slide out of his mouth slightly, and held the flame against the tip. He winced slightly and she snatched it from him.


  
    False-Hearted; Lighter
  
“What the  fuck  is wrong with you? Are you daft?” Hermione huffed sharply, the alcohol in her system making her words slur a bit, but not enough for either of them to notice.
His face was relaxed, and it was then that she realized he was plastered too. His eyes roamed slowly up her legs, and she fought the urge to cover them.
He chuckled again, and another chill ran through her, as if he was reading her mind and she didn’t even know it.  He’s not a legilimens, and I’d feel it if he was and happened to be using it on me… 
Meanwhile, Draco’s augurium abilities were screaming everything she so stoically withheld. Not thoughts, but feelings. He could feel her yearning, her wanting, and it absolutely thrilled him - knowing she wanted him just as badly as he wanted her.
He had wandered up to her office hoping to tease and bother her after their interaction in The Hall, and when she wasn’t there, he lit the fire and made himself comfortable. He was drunk from a night out with some old Slytherin pals - excluding Theo who had been too busy with his General duties.
Before he knew it, he’d wandered there, got a bit warm, and took off his silk button-up. A decision he was sincerely pleased with after he felt the way Granger took him in so greedily with her deep, brown eyes. They were heated and warm, and everything her words and demeanor weren’t - he liked that.
He liked the way her chestnut curls escaped from the bun atop her head, the way she was so casually dressed and  clearly  wasn’t wearing a bra. He liked it.  But I don’t like   her   , of course not. 
But his visions in the Mirrors of Daerd lingered - her dead. Her not there and in his life somehow. They were vague and yet they screamed so many things at him.
He told himself that it was the idea of having no one to tease, no one to look down on, no one to desire when he shouldn’t - because that feeling thrilled him - not because it was Hermione Granger.
But there was also something all-encompassing, and powerful, and  enthralling  about watching her fight her own desire for him. Watching her give in and surrender to her human desires. Desires for  him  specifically. Malfoy was sure the Weasel could never have given her what he could. As sure as he’d known that night when she joined the Death Eaters that Voldemort meant “successor” and not simply “apprentice”.
That feeling hadn’t faded, nor had his sense that Granger wanted him. He wanted her too.  Sexually and nothing more.  Or at least, that’s what he repeated in his mind, hoping the words were truth and that if they weren’t, enough repetition would manifest them as truth.
“It isn’t my first time playing with fire, love,” he cood, breaking the silence finally, and watching her face heat up. She guarded it as frustration but he knew better.  Sensed  better. She was right where he wanted her.
Draco took the lighter back, placed the cigarette between his lips, and lit it. He took a long drag, noticing the way she watched his lips before he offered it to her between two fingers.
She rolled her eyes, but accepted it nonetheless, crossing one arm over her chest to cover her protruding nipples beneath her black shirt.
After passing it back and forth a few times, he lit a second one. It didn’t escape her notice that he used the muggle lighter both times.
“Why not use magic? For some reason the Gods deemed you worthy of being born with it, and yet you choose to use muggle technology?”, he said, smirking when she scowled at him.
“It’s not technology, more like engineering. And I’ve always done it this way, no reason to change it now”, she said, taking a longer drag and coughing slightly from the thick smoke.
“Right. So you not only have muggle cigarettes, but a muggle fire-engineering-contraption in your office. Not very Headmistress of you, breaking the Dark Lord’s rules, is it?”, he put out the cigarette, lighting a third, much to Granger’s chagrin.
“It’s a lighter”, she spat, snatching the third cigarette but handing it back to him after taking another puff. “What are you going to do - tell on me? You and I both know who the Dark Lord prefers, despite me somehow ‘being deemed worthy’ of having magic with my parentage.”
“Ah, but pureblood ideals are alive and well, are they not?”, he responded, crossing one foot over the other at his ankle and leaning against the fireplace.
“And yet, which one of us is his  apprentice ?”, she retorted, flashing a smirk of her own now.
There was that word again.  Apprentice.  And it simply didn’t hang right in the air like that to Draco.
“Something tells me I could teach you a few things he couldn’t”, Draco said, rapping a long finger around one of her free-hanging curls before letting it drop.
She turned to face him fully now, raising a brow. “I’m smarter than you”, she said simply.
“What makes you so sure”, he asked sarcastically, blowing smoke in her face. He knew she was, but there was something about getting under her skin that was unmatched.
Hermione leaned in further, nose to nose with him now, her eyes reflecting the fire next to them.

   Like Hell behind the Eyes of Heaven. 

She slid two fingers up between them, taking the cigarette slowly from his mouth, and placed it between her own lips. “What is it you think I don’t already know?” Her words were spoken in the guise of flirting and suggestiveness even, but deep down, she loved to learn, regardless of the subject…
She blew smoke in his face this time, and he inhaled heavily, his eyes darkening to a charcoal grey, like metal.
“I don’t know about you,  sweetheart  ”, his words flowed through her ears like warm waters on a cold night, “but I learn by  doing  , although I’m not opposed to  watching  either.”
Warmth shot straight down her body and she exhaled shakily. “Likewise”, she whispered against his lips, unsure when they’d drawn so close.
The room was filled with the smell of tobacco, accompanied by his clean, shower-like scent - a beautiful contrast with the smoke surrounding them. But when their lips finally met, it was shocked by the taste of mint against his tongue, slight but distinguishable.
Like a breath of fresh air after being underwater, his mouth overtook hers, and she allowed herself to fall into it.
It was like willingly drowning herself every time their lips met, and it felt wrong, but oh-so-right.
Suddenly she was pulling away, taking the cigarette back once again from him, like a game of tug-of-war. She waltzed to her desk, pulling out a bottle of muggle champagne - because why the hell not? 
“Quit distracting me from what I came in here for!”, she huffed finally, struggling to get the top off.
His eyes looked hungry, starved even, as he strode over to her, leaned in until his lips grazed her ear, and said, “I think you’re going to leave with much more than just that champagne, Granger.” His voice was almost a growl, his fingers wrapped around the bottle, and he popped it open with the ease of a well-practiced hand.
Champagne spewed everywhere, soaking his chest, her shirt, and her hair.
“Are you-”, she stopped, heated and flustered from his carelessness. Her nipples grew stiff under her wet shirt, and it was painfully, embarrassingly obvious.
Malfoy licked his lips before pulling her shirt up and over her head, discarding it to the floor.
“Malfoy!”, she shouted, covering her chest with her arms, although she hadn’t put up much of a fight to stop him. Because she didn’t want to stop him.
“Uh-uh”, he chided, tearing them down, before pouring champagne all over her breasts, pressing her against the desk, and attaching his lips to her skin. She inhaled sharply from the chill of the champagne against her bare skin.
His movements were hurried and eager, his tongue laving at the moisture all over her torso. He painted various shapes across her skin, causing her to gasp, her fingers clenching the desk behind her.
“Mmmm”, he hummed in approval at the taste. “Lesson number one Granger - always clean your plate”, he said before moving in on her breasts, sinking his teeth in slightly before kissing the marked skin.
His deep, grey eyes met hers and she moaned, a long, drawn out, soft noise that she never expected to escape her throat. Because what he was doing to her was euphoric, but watching  him  do it was  rapturous. 
“What’s, oh fuck, lesson n-number t-two?”, she struggled to ask.
He grinned against her chest devilishly, staring at her as his tongue met her sensitive flesh in a slow, deliberate, and torturous manner. “I’ll demonstrate”, he said before yanking her shorts down and grinning when he saw she had no underwear on.
He scooped her up by her thighs, placing her on the desk, and placed a large hand flat on her torso to push her back against the cold wood.
Malfoy moved further, nipping at her skin, causing little gasps to escape her throat, before  biting  her inner thigh. And she shouldn’t have liked it. Because it hurt. But then, he was sucking and licking and kissing it before repeating the same thing on her other leg.
There was something beautiful about the purple flourishing amongst her skin where he marked her, and  Gods  if she didn’t want more of it.
He moved up, kissing her firmly on the lips before pulling back, fingers ghosting against her waist as he moved further down her body again.
“Eyes on me” he instructed, and she bit her lip until she felt it sting.
Her eyes already drooped from the alcohol coursing through her, but looking into his eyes was like being splashed in the face with ice cold water. Except instead of water, it was instant inebriation. Even without what she’d consumed, watching him was like taking 3 shots of vodka, minus the dreadful taste.
Much like he did with the lighter, Malfoy let his tongue slide out between his lips before it met her clit and she squeaked embarrassingly. Because it shouldn’t have felt like that. It shouldn’t have felt that  good.  Because he shouldn’t have looked like  that  while eating her out like he was insatiable and starved. Because watching  him  enjoy tasting her that much felt...  powerful  and  invigorating. 
He groaned against her, lapping up the frustrating amount of wetness he’d caused to escape her. The noise sent waves of pleasure through her.
When her head dropped back, she felt teeth against her thigh again and gasped, “remember what I said”, he licked her again and stopped. “Eyes” lick, “on “ bite, “me” suck.
“W-what was...number two-”, she moaned, struggling to keep her eyes on him when he was doing such a thing to her.
He chuckled against her, his breath hot against her sensitive skin, “ ladies first ”, he answered seductively before devouring her clit and effectively pushing her over the edge for the second time ever.
She writhed beneath him, but he wrapped his strong arms around her legs to hold them in place, unrelenting with his mouth as she screamed her release while her eyes rolled back.
 Fucking beautiful , he thought without meaning to.
When he finally let up, he kissed his way up her torso before softly meeting her mouth. He greeted her gently, and dare she say,  affectionately  almost, looking at her in awe. As if seeing her climax on his tongue was the most astounding thing he’d ever laid eyes on.
And it was, to him.
He stroked her face, toying with her loose curls. “Tired?”, he asked, although her exhaustion was obvious. “Mhm”, she hummed.
He grinned against her skin, comfortable in the fact that she probably didn’t even notice the way he couldn’t help but look at her.
He carefully placed her clothes back on her body before putting out the fire, cleaning up the mess that was made with a wave of his hand, and scooping her up in his arms.
By the time they made it back to his room, she was sound asleep, and he couldn’t help himself when he tucked her in beneath his sheets and slid in next to her.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: dazed and confused - ruel
  

  
    {May 1999
  

  Warmth covered her body. Silk sheets and body heat comforted her in an unfamiliar way. She hummed quietly, a small groan as she stirred from her sleep. But then her eyes shot open and she froze.

  Hermione’s legs were intertwined with another’s - someone with large thighs and paler skin. A chill ran down her spine when she felt something hard against her bum. A spike of pleasure went straight down when she realized what it was, and who it may or may not have been for.

  As carefully as she could manage, she removed the hefty, muscular arm from around her waist and pulled herself away. Her head spun from the hangover and she cursed herself for being so foolish. So thoughtless. So careless.

  He looked good, and it was irritating. No one should look good while asleep, early in the morning with barely any sunlight streaming in through the curtain-covered windows.

  It bounced off his skin like snow. Unlike what she assumed her appearance held, his face wasn’t puffy or scrunched up. It was relaxed - peaceful even. His hair was in soft tossels over his forehead, just as bright as his marble-like skin. Meanwhile, her hair felt like a rat’s nest, no doubt a frizzy, tangled mess with half of it falling out of her bun.

  She stood carefully from his bed, squinting to see from the sleep that lingered behind her eyes, and tiptoed from the room, cursing herself the entire way through the castle and back to her living space.

  <>

  As soon as the door quietly clicked shut, Draco opened his eyes, frowning at her wordless departure.
  
     Guess I’ll have to deal with my own bloody erection then.
  

  But deep down, that wasn’t the only thing aching from her eagerness to leave his bed.

  <>

  That night, Draco met Theo for drinks, eager to dish on the interaction with Granger. At least somewhat.

  “No you didn’t, there’s no way”, Theo said as he choked on his beer, “Granger?” A strange expression crossed his face, one that Draco couldn’t decipher, but sensed through augury.

  “She was…”, Draco scoffed to himself in disbelief, “but then she left.” A scowl took over in place of his mischievous smile.

  “Whatever, she’s a mudblood anway”, he said to fill the silence that Theo hadn’t taken care of himself.

  But his eyes flickered up before he took another sip.

  Draco narrowed his eyes at him, “What? Your beliefs have changed since becoming general or some shite?”

  Theo swallowed heavily before speaking. “Listen mate-”, he began, but Draco cut in with a scoff. Despite the fact that he didn’t so much like saying ‘mudblood’ himself. It was a show for the sake of survival. Something necessary.

  “How ‘bout I walk you back, yeah?”, Theo asked, tilting his head towards the door.

  Draco snickered before responding, “Only if you plan on kissing me at my door”, then winked.

  “Sod off!” Theo responded, lightly punching him in the arm before they paid the tab and left.

  After getting halfway back to the castle, Draco grew impatient. “Seriously, what’s up? You’re acting strange. Everything alright, Theo?”

  The brown-haired boy looked around the empty space to ensure no one could be listening, his curls swishing across his forehead.

  “Heard anything from Longbottom?”, he asked in barely a whisper.

  “Mother replaced him, so no, why?”, Draco said, unsure why the Gryffindor’s disappearance was relevant to the conversation.

  Theo sighed heavily, “Fuck. Definitely dead…”

  “Mate, what’s going on? Were the two of you an item or-”, Draco began before Theo cut in.

  “Salazar, no!”, he waved his hands frantically, his thoughts going straight to a special someone who was waiting at home…

  “Listen”, he began, placing his hands firmly on Draco’s shoulders, “I came across some information, and, well, I don’t think it’s information I’m supposed to have…”

  “What? What do you…”, the blonde trailed off.

  “I trust you. You’re a brother to me, but you need to understand why what I’m about to tell you needs to 
  
    stay
  
   between us, got it?” Theo said seriously, pupils wide.

  Draco nodded, gritting his teeth to hide his nervousness.

  “The population program - we had to do blood testing”, he started.

  “Yeah, I got it, Theo. And?”, Draco said, moving his hands impatiently as if to tell him ‘get to the point’.

  “Longbottom and I were corresponding on it. I sent the blood, he tested it and sent me back the results. Well,” he swallowed heavily before proceeding, “around the time he disappeared, I received two copies that night.”

  Draco nodded eagerly, brows furrowed as he listened intently to his friend.

  Theo sighed, “the first- I believe from Longbottom - said Granger was, well let me backtrack.”

  “Fuck’s sake, Nott, get to the bloody point!”, Draco said in a hushed shout.

  “The second results were normal. Nothing different or out of the ordinary, and informed me that Longbottom wouldn’t be involved any longer”, he paused, looking around again. “The first results that came about five minutes...they said Granger was...she’s not muggleborn. Seventy percent-ish magical lineage. Not pureblood, but more than half-blood. And she’s...she’s a descendant of Slytherin.”

  Draco scoffed. “Merlin, how much have you-”

  “Malfoy, this isn’t a joke! Are you listening?”, he said, glancing around again.

  Draco shook his head, “That can’t...what do you 
  
    mean
  
  ? There’s not even proof”, he insisted.

  The blonde tried to ignore his thoughts. The ones that fled to the idea of Hermione being an 
  
    option.
  
   Because it was a foolish notion. One based on desperation, surely.

  What else could it be, anyway? Astoria was dreadful. He’d discarded that option altogether. And his other potential matches? They weren’t even worth considering.

  Marriage wasn’t something he currently wanted, or could even imagine in the near future. If he didn’t choose a wife before his deadline, one would be chosen for him.

  Shouldn’t his mind and heart be consumed with the prospect of a pureblooded, lovely wife? One with money? One who wouldn’t argue or cause problems?

  No...because that’s boring. Draco didn’t like being bored. He liked fanned flames and pouring gasoline. He liked excitement. He liked the chase. He liked the way Granger could hold her own. He liked Granger’s power. He liked a lot more about her than he disliked when it came down to it.

  But he couldn’t admit that. Even if he’d made her come on her desk, and wanted much more. Even if he’d carried her to his own bed afterwards. Even if he’d lost himself dreaming that his nights could end and mornings could begin with her next to him.

  It was foolish. Childish. Embarrassing. It was impossible, if she was a mudblood. But she wasn’t, at least according to Theo. And this changed things. He didn’t want it to...except, 
  
    he did.
  

  “Yeah, well there’s research, and I trust Longbottom. He’s good at it. He also doesn’t screw up his testing. He wouldn’t risk sending me something like that if this wasn’t true. Malfoy, she’s the heir to Slytherin. Do you realize what that means?”, he asked incredulously.

  “Shit”, Draco exhaled, “this is…”

  His eyes widened in realization. “She’s a threat to the Dark Lord. And he knows.”

  Theo smacked his arm again, “Fucking 
  
    obviously
  
  . Who do you think sent the second set of results? They were 
  
    altered.
  
   Question is - why is he hiding it? What does he gain? Why hasn’t he just offed her?”

  They both stood there, a standoff of mutual frustration and confusion, trying to decipher the Dark Lord’s motives.

  “Why...why did you decide to tell me?” Draco asked.

  “Because I can’t be the only one doing mental cartwheels trying to figure this shit out. And again, you’re my brother. My best mate. I trust you”, he smiled, “but mostly so I’m not the only one trying to figure it out”.

  Draco laughed, genuinely, feeling a spike in their friendship which had otherwise laid dormant for some time.

  “Are you going to help me?” Theo ventured.

  “Of course. I’m insulted you think I’d leave you on your own here”, Draco responded. “Do you have any kind of plan or are you throwing me to the dogs on this one?”

  “Well”, Theo said, “I think it’s time you join me for a chat with Snape.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  TW: sexual assault, implied non-con, panic attack

   “Each wave that passes seems to say, 

   Though death beneath our smile may be, 

   Less cold we are, less false than they, 

   Whose smiling wrecked thy hopes and thee”
~
   song: too sad to cry - sasha sloan 

   {May 1999 
Fear drives many things. Thoughts. Behavior. Habits. Coping strategies.But trauma - it’s more than fear. It’s known fear. Experienced fear. And in many cases, it never leaves you.Hermione had long since learned to hold in her panic attacks and hold in her tears. In most cases, she was too sad to cry anymore. Days when visions of Ron taking advantage of her that night - they’d play like a slideshow on repeat. Her eyes would dry out. Her focus would waver. But she’d dealt with it, or tried to.Because why would anyone want to help her?For one thing, who would believe that the innocent, caring, and gentle Ronald Weasley would ever do such a thing? They’d likely blame it on the alcohol even if she showed the memories.It wasn’t about blame. Sure, some nights she’d wake up with a silent scream - a call for help - caught in her throat. But she knew no one would come.And she hated the word victim.  Victim.  She’d seen the way Neville looked at her when he’d seen her memory in the pensieve.Pity.  Fuck the pity. That’s the reason. The exact reason she never told or showed anyone else. She didn’t want to be looked at with pity, called a victim, and treated like something that could shatter at the slightest touch.Hermione Granger was strong. She was intelligent. She was capable. And no one ever truly gave her that recognition. If she would be known for something, it would absolutely  not  be a  victim. She knew that coping on her own and suppressing these things wasn’t healthy, but what did it matter when you live in a world where people already look down on you for something you can’t change? Treat you differently for it? Expect less?
   Fuck the pity. Keep it for yourself, I don’t want it. 
And it was times like these that reminded her how utterly alone she was without Neville. The one person left alive who knew what she’d been through.Trust is earned. This was something she had decided long ago. Something she contemplated when Snape entered her office with a cryptic proposition with unclear implications. Something she didn’t have for anyone, and didn’t want to give.The mirrors in The Hall had made her believe she needed Malfoy in her life, but that didn't mean she had to trust him. Nor did she plan to.That’s why she awoke in a comfortable bed with the first good night’s sleep she’d gotten in years, and immediately left. She didn’t want to fall. Refused to.
   Because no one would catch me. And I can’t catch myself when I’m the one falling. 
So when she awoke and the comfortable arms around her distorted in a blur to Ron’s, she slid out of the bed and left.She wasn’t a stranger to her panic attacks. She’d walked straight into the bathroom and vomited into the toilet until there was nothing left. Tears forming in her eyes and acid burning her throat as she hyperventilated, waiting for the episode to pass.Thankfully, she’d calmed a bit and even had a chance to shower by the time a knock came at the door, revealing Narcissa Malfoy with a carefully concealed expression of concern.“Good morning, dear, so sorry to come to your door like this,” Narcissa said with a soft smile, although her eyes rapidly scanned Hermione as if looking for something. “I thought you might like to join me for tea in the greenhouse?”Hermione brushed her damp hair back with her hands, noticing the slight grimace Narcissa suppressed at her frizzy curls.“Yes of course,” she forced a smile, ignoring the slight self-consciousness this woman seemed to conjure. “Is it alright if I meet you there in half an hour? Need to get ready for the day.”Narcissa nodded emphatically, looking almost relieved that Hermione did  not  plan on roaming the halls that day in the state she’d opened the door in.But Hermione couldn’t complain - this woman, surprisingly, offered the most kindness of anyone since Neville. After agreeing upon 6:30am for tea, the Malfoy matriarch departed, leaving Hermione to get ready, aware of her appearance more so than usual.<>
   song: st. jude - florence and the machine 
Rain poured down like a sheet as Hermione made her way from the castle to the greenhouses. It padded heavily against the green-tinted windows in a way that was more calming than she’d expected.Narcissa greeted her joyfully when she arrived, clad in velvet charcoal robes, her hair pulled half-back.Even in her typical attire, Hermione felt underdressed around the woman, but she was used to it.She was hesitant to enter at first, the various plant life reminding her of the missing Neville Longbottom and feeling painfully empty without him there.“I know you prefer coffee, so I’ve arranged that as well, dear.” Narcissa informed her, gracefully sweeping back her robes as she sat at the small table.“Thank you,” Hermione responded simply, unsure why she’d been asked there for tea, or asked there at all. She wasn’t even sure why Narcissa had shown up at her door on such a dreary morning, and early at that.Despite Narcissa Malfoy’s technical loss of her augury, she still had slivers of it that would peek through on occasion. These usually correlated to proximity and strength of the emotions and energy of those around her.She’d been passing Hermione’s door that morning when her senses sparked, making her heart race with excitement. Even if it wasn’t much, any sliver of the ability she used to know felt like a light in the dark.Without a second thought needed, she’d knocked on the young Headmistress’s door, sensing turmoil and fear. Something the great Hermione Granger seemed skilled at hiding, at least, based on their more recent proximity and interaction.“Lovely day, isn’t it?”, the woman remarked.Hermione fought the urge to fidget in her chair, but couldn’t resist her eyebrows rising in confusion. She even laughed, light and brief but cut short.The woman’s eyes met hers - similar to Malfoy’s, she noticed, but much warmer. Like summers at the beach rather than storm clouds. They were absent of that steel grey she’d been noticing more often in his eyes.“You don’t enjoy the rain, then?” she questioned the younger witch.“Well,” Hermione remarked, clearing her throat, “it’s dreary. Loud sometimes, like today.” She gestured towards the ceiling where raindrops proceeded to tumble down the roof of the greenhouse.The blonde nodded softly in understanding, contemplating her words before speaking. “I find it calming. Something so simple and natural - it’s refreshing in the world we live in. The elements are the purest things around us, wouldn’t you agree?”Hermione nodded, her active mind analyzing the words for deeper meaning.Narcissa watched the rain, sipping her tea for a moment. “Life can be so complicated, so indecipherable. So heavy. Rain is heavy, but it’s...cleansing. It washes the darkness away when it’s gone.”The young Headmistress let out a laugh, which came out as more of a scoff, and she quickly covered her mouth. “I’m...my apologies, Professor Malfoy-”“Narcissa”, she corrected blankly.“Um,” Hermione hesitated, biting her cheek before letting out a heavy sigh. “Forgive me, but even rain can’t wash away  all darkness.” She was nervous, and unsure of what Narcissa Malfoy truly believed. No one since Neville had truly spoken to her like she was a person since, well, since his disappearance.“That’s true,” Narcissa said, gesturing for Hermione to drink her coffee, which until then she hadn’t touched.She quickly grabbed the cup and took a sip, noticing the woman’s chuckle at the way her face scrunched up at the cold coffee. The blonde waved her wand to reheat it before proceeding.“Driving away darkness of  that caliber requires a force equal to it”, she sipped her tea, flashing a cryptic look at Hermione.“I’m going to be blunt, dear, you seem different. Afflicted by something. Call it mother’s intuition I suppose.” She wanted to extend an olive branch, so to speak, to Hermione, but she couldn’t reveal augury, nor did she have any desire to discuss it. Keeping it inside was one thing, discussing it openly was another. It was painful, and a conversation she reserved for her son alone.Hermione took another sip of her coffee, drawing out the action to buy time to consider her question.“I’m fine”, she said plainly, crossing her legs.Narcissa smiled, pity lingering behind it. And there it was. She didn’t even know what was weighing on Hermione, and still,  pity. “I don’t expect you to trust me, why would you? I’ve given no reason for you to do so. Just know, not everything is as it seems. You’re less alone than you feel.” She placed a soft hand with slender fingers over Hermione’s.The brunette glanced down at their hands and then back up. A sense of calm ruminated through her at the woman’s touch. Trust.And something else Hermione couldn’t help but notice about the woman - there wasn’t a sliver of dark magic coming from her. No heaviness in her touch, and she just knew she could trust her.“What happened to Neville?”, she finally asked, the words rushing out too quickly.The woman withdrew her hand slowly, swallowing before she answered. “I wish I knew.”Hermione’s eyes were dark and worried with careful concealment. “I mean that.” And she did. It was clear.Much like her son, the woman seemed to fill the room with her energy when she chose to. It wasn’t an act. It wasn’t false caring or regret for the cryptic and unclear loss of Neville. But it didn’t hurt any less.It felt like the final nail in his coffin.<>
   song: witch - the bird and the bee 
Theo knocked hesitantly on the office door, fairly confident that Snape would still be up, even at that late hour.The door flung open as Snape lowered his wand from where he stood behind his desk. His dark eyes flickered to Draco before settling back on Theo, sizing the pair up after a moment.“Welcoming as ever, Severus”, the general greeted. Snape turned his nose up, as expected, and waved his wand once again to shut the door after the two moved into the room.“Professor”, he corrected with a scowl.Theo shamelessly rolled his eyes at the man, muttering something about ‘ not a student anymore’. He moved further into the room, getting comfortable in one of the various chairs in the classroom, but Draco hung back, skeptical and unsure.The professor grit his teeth, unsurprisingly refusing to speak first, considering the uninvited guests.“He knows”, Theo said simply, much more calm in the privacy the room offered in comparison to Hogsmeade. He nodded his head in Draco’s direction briefly to clarify the statement.Draco stood with his hands in his trousers, back straight, pale cheeks tinted pink from the alcohol they’d consumed.A few moments passed before Theo’s intoxicated impatience kicked in.“Right, so let’s get straight to it then. What are we going to do about Granger then?”Snape’s black hair whipped with his head towards the general, narrowing his black eyes. “And  what  exactly do you mean by  we , Nott?” Theo leaned forward on the desk in front of him, “General”, he corrected, allowing the tone to grow serious despite his best efforts.“You know what I mean. What’s the plan? Didn’t you speak with her?”“She’s stubborn,” Snape remarked. Adding, “intelligent but stubborn,” as an afterthought.“What a surprise that is,” Draco said, breaking his silence and fighting the grin of admiration that threatened to surface. “She’s careful is what she is.”Both sets of eyes turned to Draco. Had he just complimented her? No. An observation. Just like the possibility of marrying her had been.
   As if she’d even be interested. 
The marriage law was forced, leaving him with no options. But if she knew, they could-
   No. This is foolish. Utterly and inexplicably foolish. 
“Right then, anyway,” Theo said, pulling him out of his thoughts. He turned his eyes back to Snape who seemed to be actively sizing up his Godson.“Well  general ,” the professor sneered, “what do you suggest?”Theo scoffed in annoyance, pulling back from the desk and crossing his arms. “Tell her, obviously!”“You  fool . You have no clue if she can be trusted! Do you find no red flags in her behavior playing both sides throughout the war?” Snape was serious now, his gaze intent.Draco laughed now, both sets of eyes back on him. “Sounds familiar, no?”Snape rolled his eyes dramatically. “You trust her then?”Theo fidgeted in his chair, looking uncomfortable as he awaited Draco’s response.The blonde shrugged. “I didn’t say that, I just think she should know if she’s been called a mudblood her entire life for nothing.”Theo’s eyes fell to the floor as he nodded slightly in agreement.“If you both feel that way, I won’t stop you. I was clearly  dragged  into this mess as it is. If things go awry, I won’t stay involved. That’s a promise.”Draco tensed now, realizing the gravity of the situation which the warm buzzing in his body from the alcohol had been suppressing.How would she react? He liked to tell himself she was predictable, but he knew better. He  sensed  better.In fact, despite his augury skills, anytime she had her walls blatantly up and blocking out any emotion, she was difficult to read.But those sweet and few moments of intimacy they’d shared, her walls had come down. No occlumency. No blocking the emotions. He’d felt them with her.  Through  her even. And they were glorious moments he had no desire to forget.A grin spread across Theo’s face and he rose from the chair, clapping his hands together. “Brilliant. So who’s the lucky lad taking on the task?”It was a rhetorical question of course, because they’d both turned to Draco, if for no other reason than the fact that he’d been defending her.  Unintentionally, of course. Draco shrugged in resignation, shaking his head lightly. “Bollocks.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: reloading my mind - karsu
  

  
    {May 1999
  

  Tea, or coffee, rather, was more uplifting than Hermione had expected. After the conversation with Narcissa had gone to the dark topic of Neville, the rain lightened off. Which was a bit too poetic for Hermione’s liking, seeing as it fell along with Narcissa’s previous lecture on “washing away the darkness” and such.

  They’d even discussed Draco, which was a less cringe-worthy conversation than she’d assume.

  
    Considering he’d made her finish more than once now.
  

  But she allowed herself to hope there was no way that Narcissa knew. What she did know, however, was of their “chemistry”, as she put it.

  “You two get along in such a chaotic, yet harmonic way”, the Malfoy matriarch had said to her.

  Hermione had laughed in response, because it was funny. But it was also true. The cruel idea that they were intellectual equals yet opposite in every way…

  It was convenient and inconvenient. Frustrating and endearing. Comforting and infuriating. She hates him. But she loved his filthy mouth. She hated him. But she loved his intelligence. She hated him.

  
    She hated him.
  

  That’s what she constantly reminded herself these days, repeating in like a prayer. A reminder that he looked down on her for who she was. Saw her as less. Called her slurs more times than she could count. Was untrustworthy.

  But then the visions would swim in from The Hall. Those damned visions. Over, and over, and 
  
    over,
  
   they’d play.

  There was doubt. As there was with almost anyone Hermione interacted with at this point. Everyone around her believed in Voldemort’s ideals and sermons.

  
    Mudbloods are lesser. Muggles are barbaric. Pureblood lineage is power. Magic is might.
  

  And all that other shite.

  She’d yet to figure out the Dark Lord’s plans for her in the midst of all this. Of everything. Of 
  
    life.
  
   But by that point, she felt that maybe there wasn’t an answer. Maybe she was simply a pet - a toy. A source of entertainment.

  It was cruel, of course, but less cruel than being dead. Less cruel than being murdered. That didn’t make it okay.

  The way she saw it, things could be worse. She tried to avoid pessimism, which was inevitable some days. But Draco made them better.

  The arguments. The intimacy. 
  
    Could it even be referred to as intimacy?
  

  
    The closest I’ve had at least
  
   - she thought painfully.

  After tea - coffee - the remainder of the day had been typical. She was exhausted, of course, from putting on her Gryffindor brave face around everyone else.

  
    I’m fine. I’m worthy. I don’t have fucking mud in my blood.
  

  Malfoy had been fairly absent in general, not showing up at meal times or passing her in the hall like normal, and Narcissa words lingered in her ears.

  
    “I believe he’s actually taken with you Headmistress”, Narcissa giggled into her tea.
  

  
    Hermione choked on her coffee, spilling a few drops down her robes embarrassingly.
  

  
    “I doubt it”, she’d lied through her teeth, grimacing at the slight sting from the burning coffee against her clothes. But this wasn’t a conversation she’d like to have with Malfoy’s mother, or anyone in general. It was a waste of time anyway.
  

  
    They were lapses in judgement. Hookups. Nothing real or meaningful. That wasn’t in the cards for her.
  

  
    Narcissa shook her head, her soft blonde hair curled at the ends swaying against her shoulders.
  

  
    “A mother knows her son”, she’d responded with a smirk. Hermione had always thought Malfoy’s smirk came from his father - mischievous and cruel. But seeing the expression on his mother’s face altered her perception, and she realized then that it was much more similar to Narcissa’s.
  

  Now that dinner was long over (which Malfoy hadn’t shown up to either), she sat in her room reading. But her mind lingered.

  On Malfoy. On Narcissa. On the meaning of her continued existence, and why it was being allowed. On the damned buzzing coming from the diadem in her room. These were all interrupted by a knock on the door.

  She scrambled out of bed, pulling a sweatshirt over herself to cover the way her nipples peeked through her thin top.

  Slowly cracking open her door to reveal the 
  
    other
  
   Professor Malfoy, and noticing he was definitely intoxicated - 
  
    again
  
   - she sighed heavily.

  “It seems I’m quite popular with the Malfoys today,” she said, leaving the door open and walking back to perch on her bed.

  Malfoy walked in with his hands in his pockets, slowly closing the door with his shoulder and leaning against it.

  His hair was slightly ruffled and the sleeves of his navy button-up were rolled, showing his Dark Mark.

  
    Something he’s probably flaunting
  
  , she thought to herself.

  He stared at her silently, the apples of his cheeks warm and his eyes cold - paler than usual. More grey in the low light of her room.

  It suddenly struck her that she’d wordlessly invited him in without a second thought. She rubbed her hands together nervously, discomforted by his silence.

  “Did...did you need something?” she asked finally.

  He cleared his throat, pushing off of the door and walking until he was a bit too close.

  
    Close enough to smell. Clean. Showers and rain. And some kind of alcohol.
  

  Her cheeks heated when he raised one arm up to rub the back of his hand, looking unsure.

  “Malfoy”, she whispered, begging him to break the tension already.

  “Listen, Granger,” he started, his voice deep and low sending a chill through her nerves.

  His tongue darted out to wet his lips.

  “There’s something I-” was all he got out before she was jumping his bones, standing to grab his face between her hands and kissing him.

  She didn’t know what it was about him. Everything and nothing, all at once. The way she never knew if his hands would be warm or cold. The way his pale skin was affected when he drank. The way he smelled, because 
  
    Godric
  
  .

  He hummed against her lips before pulling away and she couldn’t fight the look of disappointment that spread across her face.

  “No, no Granger,” he said quickly, shaking his head to assure her this wasn’t a rejection.

  She looked down, feeling off now. Something was off. How had she not noticed? What had she just assumed he would come to her room for sexual purposes?

  
    Because he’d touched her twice now in ways that she wished she could stop fantasizing about and missing.
  

  But she shouldn’t have assumed. He was still Malfoy. Pureblood supremacy, heir, Slytherin, Malfoy.

  Hermione slid past him to walk into the bathroom, needing to put her own metaphorical mask into place. She’d shown weakness, vulnerability. Something she’d vowed to herself long ago to stop doing. And he, of all people, was cracking her facade.

  She left the bathroom door open as she began pulling her hair into a ponytail, insisting with a wave of her hands that he “go on”.

  He walked slowly towards the bathroom door, leaning against the frame with his hands at the top.

  “Her- Granger,” he started, and she whipped her head to him in surprise. He cleared his throat before continuing.

  “Fuck,” he exhaled deeply, rubbing a pale, ringed hand over his strong features. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to tell you this.”

  Hermione crossed her arms, steadying her feet and expression towards him. “It’s not like we’re a 
  
    thing
  
  . Don’t feel like you have to clarify whatever this is”, she said, gesturing between them, before turning back to the mirror and pretending to occupy herself.

  “Salazar’s sake, Granger, no!” he shouted, going even pinker at his own tone as if he hadn’t expected.

  “This, that’s-” he was beyond frustrated, but so was she at his inability to communicate. “Oh for fuck’s sake 
  
    look at me
  
  ,” he said finally, storming over and forcefully turning her towards him with his hands on her shoulders.

  
    And there it is again. That fucking smell.
  

  Hermione Granger could focus. She was good at it. Except for when it came to him, apparently.

  “Out with it, then,” she breathed carefully, wishing that his man-handling didn’t affect her in such a way.

  
    I’m supposed ot be a feminist, so why do I want him to slam me against a wall and fuck my brains out?
  

  “Shit,” he said on an exhale, finding her lips with his eyes, but shaking his head quickly to continue. “I need to tell you something. It’s about you and...and I think we should sit down.”

  And now she was really nervous. This wasn’t about sex or anything remotely like that. She could tell. It wasn’t even about relationships - 
  
    or non-relationship clarifications.
  

  Hermione nodded slightly before following him back into her room as he sat across from her on her bed. She crossed her legs and arms, meeting his eyes, and resigned to the fact that she had no clue what to expect.

  “Are you sure you’re...are you sure there’s no one magical in your family, Granger?” he finally asked.

  She scoffed at him. “You’re joking, surely.”

  “I’m not”, he responded quickly, short and clipped, his eyes shooting up to meet hers like a silver bullet.

  Hermione furrowed her brows in confusion. “Malfoy, just-”

  But he cut her off, raising a hand towards her. “Just, shut off that big brain of yours for two seconds, yeah?”

  She nodded in frustration, growing impatience now.

  “I know you trusted Longbottom. Well I trust Theo - the General, I mean. Well,” he sighed for what felt like the millionth time. “So just keep that in mind for what I’m about to say. I’m not asking you to trust me, I don’t expect you to. So know that this came from them, not me.”

  She blinked a few times, taking in his words before nodding for him to continue.

  “I’m sure you know, they worked together on the blood samples, looking through lineages and bloodlines, right? Longbottom - before he disappeared, of course - he sent a set of results to Theo as usual. Except, well, Longbottom disappeared right around the time that he received a 
  
    second
  
   set of results which were 
  
    not
  
   from Longbottom.”

  Hermione tilted her head, “That doesn’t…” she trailed off, but he continued as if she hadn’t even spoken. He seemed to be struggling against his own words as it was.

  “Longbottom didn’t send those. He sent the first set. The Dark Lord altered the second set that Theo received. That’s the conclusion we have come to.”

  “We?” she asked, but he kept going as if trying to release the rest of the story in one breath.

  “The Dark Lord was hiding something. 
  
    Someone
  
  , in a way. Granger you...fuck,” he slammed his fists down on the bed. “I don’t know why I’m the one telling you this because I know you won’t believe me.”

  “Just spit it out already then, you git!” she said in frustration, her pulse racing at his words.

  “You’re not a mudblood, Granger,” he said, looking frustrated - though with whom, she wasn’t entirely sure.

  She laughed. A barked one at that. Short and not at all amused.

  “Just as expected,” he grumbled, standing to leave but Hermione caught his wrist and his eyes snapped back.

  “What are you even...Malfoy? That doesn’t even make sense. Whether I trust you or not is beside the point.”

  Malfoy placed his hands on her cheeks, forcing her to look at him again, and that same chill shot down her spine. 
  
    She liked it.
  

  “Let’s brainstorm, shall we? Seems to be your favorite pastime. Tell me, do you have any aunts? Uncles? Cousins?”

  “No, just my...” Hermione hesitated, “just my parents.” Her hands grew cold, her cheeks becoming hot.

  “Right. What’s your father’s full name?”

  Hermione shook her head for a moment before responding, “Matthew Granger”

  Malfoy grit his teeth, as if finally accepting his own words as well. “Sounds an awful lot like Matthias Gaunt, doesn’t it.”

  It wasn’t a question.

  And then it clicked. It all clicked. It was too obvious, and she’d never felt more idiotic in her life. But then all the realizations came flooding in.

  She only knew her parents - no other family. They hadn’t seemed surprised when she received her Hogwarts letter - not in the way that muggles should’ve. Not at all. They weren’t uncomfortable with her magic.

  “Listen, Granger. Longbottom did the research. You’re a Gaunt. Your father is a Gaunt. If you know anything in this world, tell me you know who the bloody Gaunts are descended from.”

  She gasped slightly, “Salazar...Slytherin.”

  Malfoy nodded as if at a toddler learning their shapes. “And who is the only other Gaunt descendant we know of?”

  Her face paled. She wasn’t afraid of him, not really, not anymore. She loathed Voldemort. But now…

  “He’s not…” she trailed off, feeling almost sick to her stomach.

  “Let’s lay the cards out, sweetheart. He’s the heir of Slytherin. But so are you. He’s the only Gaunt, but apparently so are you. He’s not the only 
  
    anything
  
  . You are a 
  
    threat
  
   to him. So 
  
    why
  
   hasn’t he killed you, and furthermore, 
  
    why
  
   is he keeping this under wraps?”

  She shook her head, almost in disbelief. This was too much information in one revelation.

  
    Neville is dead. He got the results to Theo. I’m a Gaunt. I’m the heir to Slytherin. ‘I should’ve been a Slytherin’, 
  
  she’d said to none other than Malfoy himself.

  There were too many questions. Too many fucking questions.

  “Look, all of this is a lot. But it seems to me the first realization I thought you’d have, has yet to cross your mind.”

  She met his eyes once again, finding an unfamiliar softness there.

  “You’re not a muggleborn, Granger.”

  But it wasn’t even that fact that lingered on her mind among the various new stressors and questions she had.

  It was the fact that he hadn’t said mudblood.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: run - joji

  
    {May 1999
  

  Her mind had never been so overwhelmed, so it focused on what was likely the 
  
    least 
  
  important of the information she’d just absorbed.

  
    Muggleborn. You’re not a muggleborn, Granger.
  

  
    Not mudblood. Muggleborn.
  

  
    It doesn’t mean anything
  
  , she told herself. 
  
    It doesn’t mean shit.
  

  But nonetheless, she’d launched at him before she could stop herself, lips clinging to his like they were her lifeline.

  Malfoy returned it at first, almost instinctively, but then pulled back, hands wrapped up in her curls.

  “Granger,” he exhaled heavily.

  This time she placed herself in his lap, seeking the warmth of his touch once again, but he repeated the action.

  “Granger,” he said, more forcefully this time.

  “Please, I-I can’t...I can’t think right now. I don’t 
  
    want
  
   to think right now.”

  He searched her eyes, their shade like a beacon in the dark of the room, of the world, of her entire life.

  Hermione tugged at his shirt buttons with her fingers, pleading with him. “Please.”

  There weren’t tears, but her eyes were glassy, like amber.

  A moment’s hesitation passed, and then another, and she could practically see the internal battle he was having. But when understanding seemed to register, he wrapped one arm around her waist, pulling her into him, using his other hand to pull their faces together.

  Heat swirled in her stomach and below, delicious and distracting from it all, and she chased it. But then he was pulling her head back by the hair, opening her neck up to him.

  Malfoy’s lips moved delicately against her skin before sucking, right at her collarbone, making her gasp.

  And then it was about her. Again. And she didn’t want it to be.

  
    Not me, not right now. Anything but me.
  

  She couldn’t logically piece together the puzzle that was Draco Malfoy. He was cruel. Hateful. A blood purist.

  
    He hated her, and she felt the same for him.
  

  But did she?

  Everything about him was bad, so why did it feel so fucking good?

  He hadn’t looked at her with malice and distaste when he called her a muggleborn. If anything, finding out she 
  
    wasn’t
  
   muggleborn should’ve brought about teasing like ‘
  
    thank Salazar you’re not a filthy mudblood that I’ve been soiling my fingers and my mouth with
  
  ’.

  It was what she’d expected, but it wasn’t what she got. He held back at first, but then, it seemed as if things had changed.

  Like there’d been the thinnest of barriers between him allowing himself to be kind to Hermione.

  She almost laughed at the thought. 
  
    Draco Malfoy, kind? Not in a million years.
  

  He was a convenient distraction, but he’d been one even before the news was broken to her. So was that 
  
    really
  
   all this was?

  Hermione had wanted to bury herself in him, and him in her, long before this news. Longer than she cared to admit. Longer than she’d allow herself to register.

  She’d been hurt countless times, by countless people, and she wouldn’t allow it again.

  This was nothing. He was nothing. She was nothing. 
  
    They
  
   were nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing.

  Labels were good, labels like ‘distraction’ deferred her brain from going anywhere traitorous.

  Malfoy was overwhelming and all consuming, and every time he tasted her, he did so as if he’d been a man without the privilege of human touch and intimacy before.

  When her hands began to shake, her mind drifting every which way like multiple trains heading for the same intersection, she pulled back.

  Hopping out of his lap, she made quick work of his shirt, moving then to his trousers and unzipping them while he was still in a daze.

  “Granger, what are-”

  “Shut up,” she whispered, continuing on, tugging at his pants until he lifted his hips from the bed to allow it. His cheeks were still pink, although she doubted it was from the alcohol at that point.

  “Grang-”

  “I said, 
  
    shut up
  
  , Malfoy.”

  His bottom lip hung open in surprise, as she tugged at his boxers. She eyed him, pleading without words this time, and suddenly he shook his head as if he’d been lost in thought.

  
    Fucking hell…
  

  He was naked. Entirely. White hair and alabaster skin shining against the low light. His body was chiseled but soft, his skin smooth with the exception of his dark mark and sectumsempra scar, amongst some other unknown scarring.

  She ran a finger along the lines of the mark on his torso, causing him to shiver as she stroked the raised and tender flesh there.

  He gritted his teeth as if trying to hold still, his hands gripping the edge of her bed and his eyes squeezed shut. Hermione took advantage of the moment to look at him. 
  
    All of him.
  

  And there was so much.

  Not too thick or long, but certainly bigger than average. 
  
    Undoubtedly.
  

  Even his cock was perfect, and it was infuriating. Because she’d never desired something - 
  
    or someone
  
   - so strongly in her entire life.

  A man’s cock shouldn’t have the ability to look borderline beautiful, but if anyone’s did, it figured that it was him.

  Her hands trailed down his chest and stomach until her fingers grazed him there, and his eyes shot open as he inhaled sharply.

  “Fucking- Granger,” he looked dangerous. Intimidating and predatory with his gaze, and that danger drove her.

  Hermione moved to her knees, eyes never leaving his, her eyebrow arching seductively.

  “I can’t let you-”

  “Why not?” she dared, placing her tongue at the base and dragging it up as slowly as possible.

  He grunted at the warmth and wetness of her tongue, his chest stuttering, his hand flying to the back of her head as he gathered her curls.

  “I don’t like being 
  
    teased
  
  ,” he hissed through his teeth, although he looked beyond eager to see just what she had in store for him.

  “Yes,” she paused, tilting her head, “
  
    sir
  
  ”

  In one swoop, she dropped onto him, her mouth taking in his length and stretching from the size.

  “Gods, f-fucking-,” he breathed. Malfoy’s legs shook as the tip hit the back of her throat and she gagged, pulling back slightly and letting her saliva fall over her chin.

  His eyes were aflame. “That sound - that 
  
    fucking
  
   sound”

  She tilted her head in response, running her tongue underneath the head and watching his reaction.

  “Let me hear you gag on my cock again,” he demanded in a rough growl, and she complied.

  His hand ripped at her curls but she relished in the sting of his strong pull, the feel of him against her cheeks and throat.

  And there was nothing more powerful than watching him come undone from her touch. From her skill. From her attention.

  “Filthy little witch,” his eyes rolled back and she took advantage, pressing herself to her own limits. Testing hers, testing his.

  When she sucked her cheeks sharply he shuddered and groaned.

  “I’m-m g-gonna - fucking 
  
    hell
  
  , Granger”

  She pulled back for a moment. “That’s exactly what I want.”

  As soon as his gaze darkened impossibly further, she took him in again, quickly moving up and down his length without even using her hands.

  She counted. 
  
    Up, down - one. Up, down - two. Up, down - three. Up, down -
  

  Malfoy gripped her head viciously, holding her to him as his cum spilled down her throat. When his grip loosened, she pulled back, putting her thumb in her mouth to gather some of his spend, and placed it against his lips.

  She swallowed and licked her lips as he sucked the moisture from her thumb, causing her to groan.

  His eyes dropped and the look he gave her was…

  
    Admiration? Desire? Affection?
  

  No, of course not. She chuckled and rose to her feet, walking towards the bathroom, but large fingers looped her wrist.

  He was still completely naked when she turned to him.

  “What about you?”

  “I got what I wanted,” she said simply, smiling softly, feeling surprisingly relaxed, her brain at bay for the time being.

  “You want me to leave,” he assumed, nodding once and looking entirely too let down for the expression to come from Draco Malfoy.

  He turned slightly but she placed a hand on his cheek.

  Malfoy searched her eyes. For what, even he wasn’t sure.

  “Stay.”

  “Stay?”

  Hermione chuckled, “What? Did I suck your brains out, too?”

  Malfoy scoffed, indignant, “Oh get off your high horse, Granger.”

  “And why should I do that?”

  He rolled his eyes, but a grin tugged at his lips, a sparkle in his eyes like the constellation of his namesake.

  “Stay,” she repeated.

  “Headmistress,” he leaned towards her, lips brushing again, but softly this time. “That’s highly inappropriate.”

  She smirked at him as his thumb stroked her cheek, tucking curls behind her ear, “I’m your superior, Professor Malfoy.”

  “In your 
  
    dreams
  
  , Granger,” he said, tackling her onto the bed and burying his head into the crook of her neck, his body large and warm and comforting against hers.

  
    Yes, in my dreams,
  
   she thought. Hermione ran soft fingers through his hair. Because all the thoughts had come storming back, and with companions this time.

  They laid that way for a while until his breathing evened out against her, his back rising and falling, his arms wrapped around and tucked underneath her.

  She wasn’t one for relaxing or comfort. Maybe she’d never truly known it. All she knew was that comfort, at that point, unexpectedly came in the form of a tall, blonde, pureblood brat.

  Comfort was Draco Malfoy. And he’d stayed. For her.

  He’d stayed.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: retrograde - james blake
  

  
    {May 1999
  

  Draco hadn’t moved an inch from where he’d fallen asleep on top of Granger until she stirred. With heavy lids, he struggled to see through the dim room.

  But there was almost a glow to her, even with only the early morning light coming in through the dark and heavy curtains.

  It was the first time he’d seen her without the tell-tale crinkle of deep thought and questions between her brows. She was calm, peaceful. Shining. A light in the dark. Her freckles dotted like constellations across her cheeks and nose.

  Being wrapped up in her had him in a daze, taking in her appearance. So natural and untrying. He allowed himself the privilege of really and truly looking at her for the first time, while she couldn’t chide him for doing so. While only his intrusive thoughts and worries could distract - and they didn’t.

  He began counting the freckles, making his way down her neck and seeing them scattered lightly across her chest and shoulders as well. At 100, he stopped counting and just admired her.

  Granger always had such a harsh and defensive demeanor. Could he blame her? He was almost shocked that she could even sleep after the news last night…

  Draco didn’t want to think about the information, or care, or consider how relevant it was that he’d been the one to deliver it.

  Misconstruing what this was, what they were - he couldn’t allow it. And he knew she certainly wouldn’t. She was too rational, too logical.

  Last night seemed to have been the first time she’d truly been driven by emotions that weren’t anger or frustration. She’d been soft and vulnerable, and she’d wanted to distract herself with 
  
    him.
  

  Was it an insult? A compliment? Did it even matter?

  
    No
  
  , he settled on the answer, repeating it like a mantra every time his mind strayed or pushed the limits of these questions.

  She’d been...afraid. He hadn’t made her afraid, but he was the messenger nonetheless. In a way, it ate at him. But in a much larger sense, it made him feel important. To her.

  Granger hadn’t been angry that he knew or was bringing the news. He couldn’t help but wonder if she’d felt the need to hit him once more for all the times he’d called her a mudblood. But she didn’t look that way. Not at all.

  He should apologize. And he knew that. Not just because it wasn’t true, but because it was wrong. He knew that, and he’d never bought into those ideologies, but he’d pretended to in order to please those around them. It didn’t excuse it.

  Even the lingering thoughts that if he would be forced to marry and reproduce, she wouldn’t be the worst option - they stung. Because they 
  
    felt
  
   backhanded. Shallow. Unrealistic.

  Unrealistic, sure. Backhanded and shallow?

  The circumstances weren't ideal. He didn’t 
  
    want
  
   to marry her - or anyone for that matter - but if he had to choose, and quickly…

  He re-evaluated, answering his own questions. The thoughts were many things, but being false-hearted wasn’t one of them. He settled on that answer.

  Granger had gotten under his skin somehow, without even meaning to. He occasionally dreamt of her. Although, he had been since that first day at Hogwarts when he was only 11 years old.

  He’d say her hair was bushy, and she looked like a mouse. But it wasn’t true.

  Her curls were beautiful - shining and unique. He loved when she didn’t scrunch them into a bun or ponytail atop her head.

  Her features were soft and delicate, and had sharpened slightly as she matured.

  She was slim, with wide hips that he’d noticed, even through her robes. She’d always been so mature, but now she looked the part.

  She was taller than most, about 5’7 by his estimation. She couldn’t hold a candle to his height by any means, but it paired well with her powerful demeanor. It fit her.

  
    He admired it.
  

  Granger didn’t pretend to be daft, 
  
    ever.
  
   She didn’t make herself smaller to save the egos of those around her. She didn’t care.

  
    He respected the hell out of that.
  

  Even through this teasing, taunting, and provoking, it was only because in the midst of their new world, nothing brought him more joy than seeing her eyes light up with fury. Her cheeks would go red, her fists balled up, her jaw clenched.

  She didn’t back down. She was never afraid. Everything she thought or did or said was for her own benefit.

  Most men despised these traits.

  Draco liked them. 
  
    Very much so.
  

  Granger was strong. Bold. Brave.

  He fought a chuckle at that last description. Because despite her admission about Slytherin, she was a bloody good Gryffindor, wasn’t she?

  And it all made sense, didn’t it? She was a Gaunt. A Slytherin 
  
    and
  
   a Gryffindor, he supposed. Even seeing her as Headmistress - 
  
    which for the record, had limited power
  
   - it didn’t feel right.

  She was capable of more, and he knew she must want it. Who was he to disagree? She deserved it more than anyone.

  Being with her often felt like a coin toss. 
  
    A lioness, or a snake?
  

  He found himself content with either, and then horror struck him as her eyes fluttered open to find his.

  
    Merlin’s fucking beard. 
  
  Had he been 
  
    fawning
  
   over her?

  “Didn’t mean to wake you,” he said shortly, forcing a yawn and pretending he’d only just woken up as he unwrapped his arms from her.

  “S’fine,” she said in a quiet whisper, pulling her thick blankets up over herself. Draco wasn’t even sure when they’d ended up 
  
    under
  
   them as opposed to on top.

  Her curls were splayed out across the pillow, and he had to force himself to look away. This, plus the slight puff of her cheeks from deep sleep - it was too much in the morning.

  He was hard as a rock, and he felt he owed her after last night.

  However, his brief plans were cancelled when he noticed how her breathing had evened out again.

  He sighed, pulling his shirt back on and running fingers through his mussed up hair.

  Draco took in her appearance one last time - 
  
    because why not?
  

  Taking a deep breath, he stepped backwards out of the door, pulling it shut quietly, and turned, only to find himself face to face with his 
  
    mother.
  

  Much to his surprise, she smirked, looking him up and down before turning on her heel and walking down the hall.

  “See you at breakfast, dear,” she said over her shoulder as her blonde curls swayed behind her.

  
    That’s it?
  
   Draco was frozen on the spot for a good minute before he thought to move away from Granger’s door.

  He spent the rest of the day wondering why his mother had simply looked smug over the situation, and much to his dismay, missing Granger. Worrying about her and how she was coping with the news on her own.

  Draco wanted to be there for her, to help. But he didn’t know how, and it wasn’t his place.

  She’d wound her way around him, and he couldn’t decipher at what point it happened. He figured it had been happening for years now.

  He taught class, and worried about her.

  He tapped into his augury, and couldn’t feel or sense a thing about her.

  Her. Her. Fucking, 
  
    her.
  
   And all the while, the single most infuriating question was - 
  
    why and how does she affect me like this?
  

  <>

  
    song: snap out of it - arctic monkeys
  

  The end of the school year was rapidly approaching and it was apparent throughout the castle.

  Similarities of it brought back memories from Hogwarts, and Hermione felt sick. This wasn’t Hogwarts. A shell of it, maybe, at best.

  Students frolicked about the grounds, tossing playful spells and enjoying their time amongst friends as the summer grew closer.

  She’d slept in later that day, which she was allowed to do because she was technically her own superior within the school.

  Skipping breakfast, Hermione grabbed a coffee from the kitchens and headed to her first class of the day, but her thoughts wandered.

  The weight of missing her parents was heavier than usual. Missing them, terribly. She’d had strained relationships with them growing up, and it made sense then.

  Lies. Her life was a lie. Her parents were liars. But why?

  A curious witch if ever there was one, she needed answers. But she had no means of contacting them.

  Despite her alleged “trust” and “allegiance” to the Dark Lord, she’d had no qualms about obliviating her parents and sending them off to Australia.

  To save them, of course. To shield and protect them from the potential fallout of her circumstances.

  But the time had passed for her to bring their memories back, and it weighed heavily. Hermione knew she should wish she could bring them back for other reasons, but at that moment, it was for all the storm of questions that brewed.

  And what was she to do? Who was she to talk to?

  
    I don’t need anyone to help me through this. I can support myself.
  

  But there they were again. The visions from the Hall of Daerd. Malfoy. Her and Malfoy, 
  
    together.
  

  Ridiculous. It all felt fucking 
  
    ridiculous.
  
   The entire thing. Her situation. Her parentage. Her lineage. Her being an heir? And 
  
    sodding 
  
  Malfoy.

  On a surface level, she didn’t want to be an heir. It was a threat to the Dark Lord, who clearly had no intention of telling her. The Dark Lord, who had her life in the palm of his hand.

  But on a much deeper, selfish, more primal level, this information was the promise of power. Of 
  
    more.
  

  Did she want that?

  Saying no would be a lie. Because she hadn’t ever truly 
  
    had
  
   anything in her life, right? She had magic, just as much of a privilege as any other witch or wizard had air to breathe and lungs to take it in with.

  She’d had lying parents. She’d had a rapist for a ‘friend’. She’d had lack of appreciation or recognition for the sacrifices she’d made.

  And suddenly, she 
  
    wanted
  
  . Wanted 
  
    this
  
  . Wanted 
  
    power.
  
   Wanted...wanted…

  And fuck if she didn’t want Malfoy too. Because why not? Why couldn’t she have him?

  There was no shortage of reasons why she 
  
    shouldn’t
  
  , but with the news, it wasn’t nearly as long of a list with reasons she 
  
    couldn’t.
  

  She rationalized her own thoughts. She was tired of having every want and desire gaslighted by those around her. 
  
    No more.
  

  
    If a man wanted what I want, no one would criticize. Those around him would enable it, encourage it even.
  

  That was what got them into their current situation as it was. Enabling. Encouraging. Uplifting.

  
    So why the hell can’t I?
  

  Her view on muggleborns and lineage remained, but she knew the value that her true lineage held in the current state of the wizarding world. Of the world in general. It was unrecognizable from before.

  If she rose to power of some sort...she could change it. She could 
  
    fix it.
  

  It wouldn’t be easy, of course. But...was it possible? Was it foolish? Ambitious? She grinned slightly at the Slytherin trait showing through.

  
    A Gryffindor 
  
  
    and
  
  
     a Slytherin
  
  
    ,
  
  
     she supposed.
  

  Her analytical brain couldn’t stop itself from running off the rails like a freight train with possibilities and strategies.

  The thought crossed her mind to approach Severus, because she was almost certain this was the information he’d held over her head.

  Neville had known - he’d discovered it. She ignored the pang in her chest from his absence.

  Theo was part of the process, that’s where Malfoy got the information.

  But Snape knew too. She was sure of it. Should she speak to him? Hermione still questioned his loyalties. Were they to the Order or the Dark Lord? If he did know about all this, had he been offering his loyalties to...to her?

  She couldn’t - 
  
    wouldn’t
  
   - make that jump. Not yet, at least.

  She needed to think. She needed time, but did she have it? Too many questions, and never enough time. That’s all she ever had, it seemed.

  And she hated not having time. Or answers. And right then, she had neither.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: arabella - arctic monkeys
  

  
    {July 1999
  

  Thrumming filled her chest, resonating in her bones until it was almost painful. Hermione could feel something akin to electricity spurting from her brain before it vibrated through her skin.

  Flickers of blue and silver glimmered behind her eyelids, a pale, 
  
    clawed
  
   hand reaching towards it. It was almost there, but it shouldn’t have been.

  
    No.
  

  The pale hand inched closer again, stretching as if through the resistance of her brain matter.

  
    Too much pressure.
  

  
    Too much.
  

  
    Too-
  

  Her eyes shot open and she gasped, drenched in sweat and wrapped in Malfoy’s arms. When did her life become so...so...not hers? It was as if she lived distantly through her own eyes some days.

  She’d find herself in an odd dissociative state when she thought too hard about the circumstances.

  “Granger, breathe. 
  
    Breathe
  
  ,” he implored, brushing her curls over her shoulder and behind her ears.

  It didn’t make sense. Malfoy had been staying with her every night for the past two months. It was too comfortable. So comfortable that it caused her to feel quite the opposite.

  Instinctively, she shoved him off. It was too hot. Too closed in. 
  
    Too much.
  

  “-the FUCK, Granger?” he said in a volume that was far too loud.

  Vibrations persisted throughout her bones, resulting in extreme discomfort.

  “Would it kill you to accept some…some…” he struggled to find the word, “some kindness?”

  Hermione chuckled cynically, “Draco Malfoy and ‘kindness’ don’t exist in the same realm.”

  Malfoy ground his teeth, looking more than angry with her response. Something behind his eyes looked...injured? Insulted? She wasn’t entirely sure.

  “Right,” he responded, rolling his neck side to side until the bones cracked and Hermione winced at the sound. “Wouldn’t want to ruin my reputation,” he added ruefully.

  She was still shaking slightly, and felt self-conscious about it. She wasn’t trusting enough to divulge to him what her nightmares had been about.

  She wasn’t even entirely sure herself. All she knew was, it was an eerily familiar hand creeping toward the Ravenclaw diadem. A hand that she was certain didn’t need to be anywhere 
  
    near
  
   said diadem.

  Her eyes shot to a very specific floorboard in her room, lingering on it a bit, as if pleading for it to hush. To stop vibrating. To stop haunting her dreams. To just - 
  
    stop.
  

  But it wasn’t the time, and she knew that. Laying her cards out on the table before the game truly started, that wasn’t smart. It wasn’t well-thought out or strategic enough to be the kind of move that Hermione Granger would make.

  Malfoy’s silver eyes shone brightly in the dark room where he was still staring at her expectantly.

  Hermione exhaled putting her face in her hands, “It...it wasn’t my intention to be so...look I had a nightmare. I didn’t mean to.”

  He crossed his arms, narrowing his gaze, “And I’ll assume you don’t want to talk about it now either?”

  “It’s not like you care,” she shot back instantly.

  Malfoy’s jaw ticked, as if he was hiding what he truly wanted to show on his face or even say.

  “Do you?” she urged angrily.

  Instead of answering, he turned his head, fixing his gaze on a random spot to his side before turning back to her.

  “Exactly. You don’t. So please spare me the ache of pretending you do, or lying about it altogether,” she huffed.

  “You want me to leave then?” he asked, looking even more frustrated, steam practically pouring from his nose.

  Hermione squeezed her eyes shut, trying not to cry. She didn’t want to be afraid. She didn’t want to be alone. There were many things she didn’t want, but if she didn’t look out for herself, who would?

  “I want you to do what you want, Malfoy.”

  The past two months had been much the same. A repeat of this conversation between lots of snogging and intimacy, but no sex. They never crossed that boundary. Something felt 
  
    too
  
   intimate about that specific act. It seemed to be an unspoken issue.

  Argue, hookup, repeat.

  Occasionally, one of them would be called in to speak with the Dark Lord for this or that.

  But aside from their assigned roles under the Dark Lord, it had been the two of them.

  There was a lot of silence when it wasn’t gasps and moans. Not much talking. Not much getting to know each other.

  They were both on guard and struggled, both too stubborn to push any further.

  At times like these, Malfoy would push, but she had a hard time believing he 
  
    actually
  
   cared. Because why should he? He had his friends and family.

  Hermione had nothing.

  No friends. No family. She wouldn’t even consider Malfoy a lover. Besides, he’d only seemed to really 
  
    look
  
   at her once he discovered she was a Gaunt. But that was another can of worms all together.

  The most they’d spoken throughout that time was when one would tease the other in some way. But it seemed there was a constant boundary between the two, just waiting to break.

  So who would be the one to break it? Would it ever be broken? Maybe it meant nothing.

  All Malfoy felt through his augury when it came to her was, well, he wanted her. Wanted to be around her. But he couldn’t get a solid sense for what she felt.

  In his eyes, she was up and then down. Left and then right. So what the hell did 
  
    she 
  
  want. 

  He knew what he wanted, and had for some time now. Almost 10 years to be exact. But her...she was an enigma.

  And infuriating, complex, total 
  
    bitch
  
   of an enigma.

  She was distrusting and cynical. Intelligent and even condescending at times. Delicately beautiful and fiercely strong and harsh in everything she did.

  
    He was desperate for her.
  

  Maybe it was the way he couldn’t get a feel for the situation that made him want her so badly. Maybe it was as simple and childish as a “hard to get”.

  
    Or maybe she was impossible to get.
  

  He’d never felt so unsure and yet pulled in her direction as he did after two months of spending each night with her. Worshipping her body as he forced pleasure from it and she’d reciprocate eagerly.

  Was it just sexual? Was that really it?

  He wanted to think that wasn’t at all the case. He was almost certain of it. If only she’d give him a goddamned clue.

  Hermione Granger, in her entirety, was a fucking labrinth. And Draco Malfoy was lost in it. Lost in her.

  So when she needed him, he came running. Would she do the same for him? She was the alleged Gryffindor here - although they both knew that wasn’t so simple - so why did 
  
    he
  
   have to be the brave one?

  He knew what he’d seen in the Hall, in the mirrors, but what had she seen? The thought of hers not holding something similar tore at his chest in a way he couldn’t ignore.

  “I know what I want,” he finally broke the silence, allowing his arms to fall to his sides. “Do 
  
    you,
  
   is the real question.”

  Hermione averted her eyes in frustration.

  “I’m not akin to getting what I want. The things I want are often pulled from my grasp,” she said quietly.

  Malfoy couldn’t help but soften slightly. “Maybe you aren’t holding on tight enough, then.”

  “I don’t like to be disappointed,” she argued. “It’s hard to know if something is 
  
    worth
  
   holding on to.”

  “Then don’t just hold on to it, Granger. Fucking, 
  
    take it.
  
  ”

  His eyes were aflame, igniting something familiar in her, but much stronger than usual.

  Need. Want. Desire. Yearning.

  It felt like a challenge...Hermione liked challenges.

  The visions were back. From the Hall of Daerd. And they seemed to line up with Malfoy at that moment. Suddenly, she wanted to give in. To do what he said, to take what she wanted.

  Again, that voice in the back of her head came - 
  
    why not?
  

  <>

  The end of the summer was drawing closer and it felt like the death of something that she couldn’t quite put her finger on.

  After their midnight argument, things seemed to go more smoothly than usual. Less arguing. Even a bit of conversation here and there. Nothing too exciting, but it was an improvement by all means.

  She often found herself daydreaming and wished she could stop. In fact, it was awfully suspicious that the Dark Lord hadn’t given her anything to do over the summer.

  All she’d had to work on was sending out letters for next year’s SSDA students, organizing files, and the like. The work felt far too normal for the sycophantic society she was living in.

  And so her mind wandered, and wandered, and wandered.

  
    Hot breath against her ear, Malfoy’s hard length pressed through his trousers against her cunt.
  

  
    “Oh yeah, just like that, Granger,” he’d say as she ground against him.
  

  
    “Yes, oh don’t stop, Malfoy,” she’d beg as he made her cum all over his fingers.
  

  But she had a favorite memory. Undoubtedly, she did.

  
    Malfoy laying back against her pillows as he pulled her shorts off of her hips and threw them aside to the floor.
  

  
    “Climb up here and let me taste you,” he’d say, guiding her hips until her hands gripped the headboard and his tongue dove in to devour her.
  

  
    “Love seeing you in this way. Want to fucking 
  
  
    suffocate
  
  
     between your legs, Granger.” He’d pull her harshly down on his face, not stopping until she squirmed, squeezing the sides of his blonde head with her thighs, dripping all over his mouth.
  

  
    He’d lick every last drop.
  

  
    “Gods, Granger, you taste like sin,” he’d tell her.
  

  But the more it happened, the more she wanted it. The more she wanted to go further. The more she wanted 
  
    more.
  

  His silver, glinting eyes.. His firm hands and long fingers. His pale, soft hair with the way it would fall over his eyes when he was working her up.

  And the way he looked when she’d make him feel good. The way he’d moan from his chest, his strong arms finding purchase on the back of her neck, gripped in her hair, guiding her mouth up and down on him.

  His eyes would glaze over, shimmering like stars. Sometimes, they’d even roll back in his head. His hair would drip with sweat, his cheeks heated like he was intoxicated.

  He was intoxicating.

  And she hated the hold it was taking on her. She hated it, because she 
  
    loved it.
  

  He was consumption and inebriation and pure, unadulterated 
  
    euphoria.
  

  It didn’t make sense. Hermione didn’t 
  
    like
  
   things that didn’t make sense. But Salazar if she didn’t 
  
    love
  
   all of this.

  If she was going to give in, she wanted to give in 
  
    fully.
  

  Hermione Granger did not half-ass things. It was all or nothing. And things felt dangerously close - after years of knowing him, of taunting and teasing, and months of pleasure - to feeling worthy of her 
  
    all
  
  .

  <>

  
    song: love, hate. - addict., rewind
  

  
    {June 1999 - a month prior
  

  “Young Malfoy, a 
  
    pleasure
  
   to see you,” the Dark Lord hissed upon Draco’s entrance.

  “My Lord,” Draco bowed once he drew closer to the wizard.

  “Have a seat, boy,” the man instructed.

  Trying his best not to shiver or show his fear, Draco moved to pull up a chair at the table.

  In all truth, his augury senses went haywire around the man - if he could even fall into the category of human. He wreaked omens of death and pain, fear and suffering. All of which were no surprise, and not enlightening in the least.

  Augury was supposed to give insight and peace, but it didn’t work in the proximity of the power-hungry, sadistic wizard. Augury and magic were natural to their world. The Dark Lord’s existence was not.

  “Tell me,” the man’s willowy voice came from Draco’s side, “how has the wife search been? If I’m not mistaken, your deadline is approaching.”

  It was a test. ‘
  
    If I’m not mistaken
  
  ’ had been sarcasm, and not the good kind. His deadline was soon. 
  
    Very
  
   soon.

  In fact, he was due for a decision by mid-August. Meaning he had about two months to spare. But all he could think about was Granger.

  Draco swallowed heavily before responding, straightening his posture deliberately, “I’m yet to find any options available that draw my interest as I’d hoped, but I will find a wife of course. I’d never want to take advantage of the privilege you’ve given for me to make a decision.”

  The Dark Lord nodded slightly at his words, his red eyes narrowing in thought.

  “I’ve been watching you and those with whom you maintain proximity for some time now.”

  Draco stiffened, gritting his teeth. 
  
    What does he know?
  

  “Not to worry. In fact, I think certain...
  
    alliances
  
  ...would work in favor.”

  
    Work in whose favor??
  

  Draco’s heart raced but he remained as still as a statue.

  “Not to worry,” the man chuckled, as if that would make Draco feel better. “Don’t worry about finding a way for now. I’m putting your situation on hold in light of a more, 
  
    strategic
  
   option.”

  The man grinned, his rotten teeth making an appearance, emitting the most horrendous smell Draco had ever encountered.

  “My Lord, I-”

  “No need to thank me. In fact, I do rather encourage your current endeavors.”

  Draco felt sick, like he was dying a slow and painful death out of sheer fear and horror. But with that, the man dismissed him.

  There was no elaborating of any kind and the man’s words haunted his thoughts as he apparated by to the SSDA.

  Something was wrong. Why would he possibly be encouraging his situation with Granger? Was it because of...no.

  If he wanted them to be married and reproduce for the program, that would involve admitting her lineage and blood status, which neither he nor Granger were supposed to know about.

  
    Does he know that we know? What 
  
  
    does
  
  
     he know?
  

  The only relief came when Draco entered Granger’s room, slipping his shoes off in the dark when his eyes were caught by the light shining in through a crack in her bathroom door.

  Steam poured from the opening, the sound of the water hitting the tile. He couldn’t help himself.

  Sliding his shirt off on the way, he peeked into the room, finding the clear shower walls fogged up and the silhouette of Granger behind them.

  He’d never gotten a good look at her. Anything they’d done had been partially dressed or in the dark. But she was fully on display, and something about the fogged blur created by the hot shower steam made her look that much more sinful. And Gods if he wasn’t a sinner and already damned by temptation.

  He gulped heavily, noticing her turn as he clicked the door shut.

  “Malfoy?” she asked when the clink of his belt met the floor, dropping along with his trousers and boxers.

  He approached, opening the door slowly before stepping in behind her and pulling her body softly against his.

  “Gods, you startled me,” she gasped, her hands coming up to find his hair behind her.

  Draco rubbed circles along her thighs and hips until the wrapped around her waist, drawing her arse against him.

  “Beautiful,” he breathed.

  Something hitched inside of her. Something warm and needy and all-consuming. He’d never said something like 
  
    that
  
   to her before. Not aloud. Not in regards to her. Her skin tingled.

  “So bloody beautiful. You have to know that.”

  She was blushing, actually blushing. She’d never felt so youthful or seen or cared for in her life.

  Ron had called her beautiful, but that was while taking advantage of her. This was entirely different.

  “Beautiful,” he murmured over and over, placing delicate kisses against the skin of her neck, collarbone, and shoulders - as if he was mapping her out.

  She shivered. She wanted to sob and climb into his arms and never have him leave her. She felt so...so...
  
    seen.
  

  He wasn’t calling her beautiful just because he wanted to fuck her. They could’ve done that long ago, and he hadn’t pushed her.

  No, he was worshipping her skin and praising her. And nothing - 
  
    nothing
  
   had ever felt so magnificent.

  Her heart ached and filled with something she wasn’t quite used to. Surely it wasn’t love, right? No, too soon. Was it?

  Affection, surely. It was that at the least. But at most...she was afraid to say what it might be.

  Because it all came crashing down in one moment, and he probably had no idea what it meant and how it felt.

  To be stark naked in the bright, yellow light of the bathroom, fully on display, and not be taken advantage of. He wasn’t seeking pleasure of his own. Comfort, maybe, though she wasn’t sure.

  All she knew was that suddenly, he’d made everything about her.

  And hadn’t he 
  
    been
  
   doing that for some time? Spending nights with her so she didn’t feel lonely? Comforting her through nightmares and fears and solitude?

  Even if she hadn’t allotted him the details, he’d stayed. He’d 
  
    stayed.
  

  A lump caught in her throat. She didn’t know if she’d ever been so afraid, because she’d made herself vulnerable. She cared for him. She cared for Draco Malfoy, because he was more than he appeared. So much more.

  He valued intelligence and cunning, and sometimes, even bravery. He wasn’t intimidated by the strength and potential she carried with her throughout her life. He’d teased her growing up, but it was in the past. She hadn’t forgiven him for it, but she wasn’t sure she felt the need to either.

  He’d never betrayed her or claimed to be something to her that he wasn’t. Not once. He didn’t stomp all over and surpass any boundaries she set. And he let her set them.

  Suddenly, she spun to face him, drawing up to stand on her toes and taking his face in her hands.

  “Draco…” she whispered, and an almost lazy grin appeared on his face, his eyes glinting as he looked at her lips and then back up to her eyes.

  He chuckled softly, “Hermione,” he teased with emphasis on her name.

  There wasn’t anything rushed or desperate in this, not then, and she took the moment to bring her lips to his. It was only a slow and delicate brush at first, and he mirrored it, letting her control the kiss. Not too slow or fast or eager. Just...just...
  
    just right.
  

  She let her tongue find his, no devouring or overtaking of the kiss, just admiring and tasting and touching.

  His fingers were delicate on her hips, tracing their curves and lines before settling on her lower back and pulling her in. They settled in the warmth of one another, something like electricity weaving its way between them.

  “Please,” she murmured against his lips, letting her head fall back as his mouth danced across the side of her neck, his hand intertwining with her wet hair at the back of her head.

  “Please,” she begged again.

  “What do you need, Hermione?” he said against her jaw line, peppering kisses all the way up to her ear and then descending to her shoulders.

  “You...just you, please.”

  He pulled back slightly, something unreadable in his eyes. It was like he was truly seeing for the first time, just what she was asking for. And as long as he’d wanted to give it to her, suddenly, he couldn’t.

  Not after his visit with the Dark Lord. Because something was amiss. She could fend for herself, he knew that, but he’d be damned if she got hurt on his account.

  “Hermione I-”

  “Oh, right. Not what you want.” Granger pulled away from him, turning to stand under the running water.

  He grabbed her shoulder, urging her to turn back. “That’s not what I meant, Granger! Just listen-”

  “No, I got it. This is why.”

  “What? What is- what are you talking about?”

  She turned angrily, tears filling her eyes. “This! 
  
    This
  
   is why I don’t take what I want. Because I 
  
    can’t.
  
   Everything slips through. 
  
    Everything.
  
  ”

  “Granger, for 
  
    fuck’s sake
  
   just listen-”

  “No! Get out.”

  “Oh you’ve got to b-”

  “Get out!” she shouted, leaving no room for arguing. She was hurt. Even her practiced masks and shielding of emotions couldn’t hide it. Not in such a physically and emotionally vulnerable state.

  “Granger,” he said, reaching for her once more.

  “Please. Just...just go. Go, Malfoy.”

  He clenched his fists angrily. 
  
    Why is she so fucking stubborn? Why won’t she- can she not listen? For once? Gods, fuck!
  

  He stormed out of the shower, yanking his clothes back on.

  “The school year is about to start back anyway,” he said, almost a last ditch effort for his own pride.

  She was silent, her silhouette even more of a blur through the shower door now.

  “This could only go so far.”

  And with that, he was gone, leaving Hermione to slide down against the cold tile wall until her bottom met the floor. Tears stung her eyes as silent sobs escaped her chest, growing heavier when she heard her bedroom door slam shut.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  song: torches - x ambassadors

  
    {August 1999
  

  Images of her plagued his memory. His vision. His dreams. His thoughts.

  Every fiber of his being, every word uttered - they all linked back to her.

  
    Her.
  

  Drenched curls and freckled skin. Discussions that brought his brain to life. Touches that seared his skin even in memories.

  Even the arguments...because they were arguments with 
  
    her.
  
   Big and small. Playful and brutal. And everything in between.

  
    “Care to do something with that mane of yours, Granger?”
  
   he’d tease.

  
    “As soon as you admit that your hair color isn’t natural, Malfoy,
  
  ” she’d counter.

  
    “Careful Granger, your envy is showing,”
  
   he’d smirk, sauntering up to her, taking her in like a starved man before he’d wrap her curls in his fist and draw her in. Breathing life into her was a glorious feeling, because she’d always return it with fervor.

  She’d often mutter in between the kisses and touches and downright 
  
    filthy
  
   groping that came from these interactions, ever the stubborn witch. But it wasn’t always that light-hearted.

  
    “Remind me again how in the name of Salazar you acquired this position,”
  
   her brows furrowed with frustration and stress - which she would, of course, 
  
    never
  
   admit.

  
    “Says the muggleborn Headmistress over a school of purebloods,” 
  
  he’d roll his eyes and shake his head.

  That was what usually did it. Started the plummet into toxicity.

  She couldn’t stand these actions, but Draco had many habits like these. Movements and gestures that irritated her in particular situations. But who was he to lie? He loved it.

  It wasn’t the same blush of arousal that would heat her cheeks, but ignited his nerves all the same. Seeing red beneath her skin as she blew her top.

  By default, she’d defend herself, shouting about how intelligent and skilled she was, 
  
    as if he didn’t know.
  

  Draco knew better than anyone, he’d wager. She was magnificent and ruthless. And he couldn’t understand her need to assert and prove herself. She knew what she was capable of. He knew it too. Who else was there to show?

  Much like their playful teasing though, these bouts of anger and aggression were almost 
  
    always
  
   taken out via sexual acts.

  She’d scrape her nails down his back that only spurred him on, devouring her arousal straight from the source. And he’d never stop until he thought she might rip his hair from his head.

  Granger was much the same. Taking him in her soft hands and pumping like a mad woman, leaning over him just to nip her way down his torso and suck the life out of him.

  It was aggressive. It was always heated. And fuck, it was...it was…

  
    Passionate.
  

  If he was a fire, then 
  
    fuck
  
   if Granger wasn’t the goddamned gasoline.

  And he missed it.

  He missed 
  
    her.
  

  Draco would be lying to himself if he dared believe this hadn’t been a long time coming. Years of fawning after her just to call her slurs to preserve his own pride and status.

  It wasn’t frustrating because it didn’t make sense, it was frustrating because it 
  
    did.
  
   Because 
  
    nothing
  
   had 
  
    ever
  
   made so much sense.

  Her, and him, and 
  
    them.
  
   Like a simple math equation or two halves of one whole.

  So what the hell was he doing? Putting off the inevitable? 
  
    Hats off to the Dark Lord for infesting any light in my path
  
  , he thought.

  It was August, and only a matter of time until the students returned. The castle was barren with the exception of him and Granger, and her absence from his days was pronounced.

  Realizing how often they’d been around each other by 
  
    choice
  
   - it was something he’d ignored prior to their squabble in the shower. And it was a bludger to the face.

  He hadn’t felt whole before her, but being 
  
    without
  
   her...he’d never felt so empty in his entire life.

  His wife search was postponed, paused, whatever the hell the Dark Lord had meant.

  But it was because of her. Because the wizard wanted Draco to 
  
    be
  
   with her, right?

  Why, though? Well that was the question of the year.

  It couldn’t be anything good, but Draco only had so much self control. He was an adult, a nineteen year old wizard, 
  
    and a death eater at that
  
  , who’d been forced to grow up long before then.

  But absence makes the heart grow fonder, and the affection he’d harbored for Granger at that point was threatening the fear instilled by the Dark Lord’s words.

  
    “Alliances would work in favor”
  

  Whose favor?

  Sure, banging Granger or putting a ring on her finger would favor him, but why would it favor the Dark Lord? Because that 
  
    was
  
   what he alluded to by 
  
    alliances
  
  , right?

  Something inside him screamed to run, to flee, to take cover from the catastrophe that was their dark and sadistic dictator. But something far more selfish and pessimistic urged him to stop holding back, because if he didn’t act of his own accord, he may be forced onto Granger anyway.

  But he’d ruined it. Draco had no clue how communicating his praises through his touch in the shower had turned to her pushing him away. But he took responsibility for his parting words. Those pride-driven, ridiculous, 
  
    idiotic
  
   words.

  
    “This could only go so far”
  

  They both knew that was a lie.

  <>

  Theo sighed heavily, unbuttoning his uniform to hang open as he removed the wards from his home.

  Upon opening the door, he saw the only source of happiness sitting right there at the dining table.

  “How was work, 
  
    dear
  
  ?” Ginny Weasley said, rolling her lips inward to hold back her laughter. On her right, Cho Chang held a similar expression. Even Blaise grinned at that one, looking away before setting his gaze back on Theo.

  “My lovely wife, it was torture being without you,” he responded dryly to the redheaded witch as he slumped into a chair next to Blaise.

  “What’s wrong, love?” Blaise said, placing a large hand on Theo’s back and rubbing soothing circles against his shirt.

  Theo shook his head, running his hand through his hair and shaking it out before turning to the concerned gazes of his housemates.

  “Listen, I-” Theo swallowed heavily, “there’s something I...I wouldn’t go so far as to say it’s a 
  
    problem
  
   but-”

  “Out with it then,” Ginny interrupted, tone serious and unguarded.

  “Granger is, well, um,” Theo began as a scowl crossed Ginny’s face and Cho reached for her hand, trying her best to soothe the witch.

  “God
  
    damnit
  
   she’s the heir to Slytherin,” he finally huffed before rising to pour a glass of Dragon Gin.

  The silence that followed was deafening.

  “Mate, what are you-” Blaise began but was cut short.

  “It’s true. It’s the reason Longbottom is fucking 
  
    dead
  
   with no trace left behind. He discovered it - and we all know that lad did his research when he wasn’t making love to his fucking plants.”

  The three still seated at the table exchanged glances as Theo knocked back the drink and refilled it.

  “And she’s...she’s...
  
    fuck
  
  , I think Draco fancies her. More than that, really,” he added.

  His housemates appeared overwhelmed, but he couldn’t blame them. This was a lot to unpack, and he’d been holding it in for quite some time.

  “What does this...what does it mean?” Cho finally broke the quiet.

  The brunette wizard emptied his glass once more before responding. “I think it means that the sadistic bastard that forced us to marry one another can be taken down. She’s a threat. A threat to 
  
    him.
  
  ”

  All he received were stares in return, but as he began refilling the glass once again, Blaise darted to his side to stop him.

  “Take it easy, love,” he whispered in his ear, placing a delicate kiss against Theo’s lips, “Have a seat. Let’s just...chat, yeah?”

  Theo met his umber eyes before nodding in agreement. Allowing Blaise to take his hand, he was led back to the table.

  Meanwhile, Ginny was looking furious. She despised and resented any mention of the witch who’d joined the Death Eaters and killed both her brother and lover.

  This was at least half the reason Theo hadn’t brought any of this up. The four of them had formed a bond, a pact of sorts, and they didn’t make a habit of keeping secrets. As a result, no one divulged such information without everyone being there for it - not that there’d been any information as valuable as this before.

  “It’s not like we can trust the bitch anyway,” Ginny muttered under her breath.

  Cho shook her hand in understanding but decided to change the tone. “It’s a lot to unpack, Theo. You know...let’s come back to this later. You know...we got 16 out today.” Her onyx eyes brightened as she shared the good news.

  “Merlin...we haven’t gotten that many out since…since…” Theo trailed off.

  “Since December,” Ginny provided, her eyes set like stone on the wooden dining table.

  “It’s not like we can risk those numbers often anyway, but when we can…” Blaise added, his thumb stroking Theo’s hand lovingly. “The last thing we need is for the Dark Lord to find out his general is smuggling people out.”

  The other three nodded in agreement, knowing they were already taking numerous risks.

  Theo had been forced to marry Ginny almost immediately after the Battle of Hogwarts, but he’d quickly informed her that he was on her side. Amongst other things. Including the fact that women weren’t his preferred 
  
    vessel
  
  .

  She’d scoffed at his terminology, her nose turning up in disgust, but he insisted he could’ve been more graphic than that.

  Only a few months later, Blaise had wed Cho, also by force, and they’d moved in together to conceal Theo and Blaise’s relationship.

  As if the Dark Lord wasn’t despicable enough, he was homophobic as well. It shouldn’t have been surprising, but that didn’t ease the blow at all.

  Since then, they've been a tight knit group. Ginny and Cho weren’t lovers, but they clung to one another for life. Meanwhile, Theo and Blaise had carried each other’s weight, doing the best they could through it all.

  It hadn’t been long before the four had come together and decided to risk what they could, within reason.

  Smuggling out wizards and witches was incredibly difficult, but those guarding the prisons and executing those less than half-blood weren’t the most skilled they’d seen.

  Knocking them out and wiping their memory just to rescue the fearful captives started out as a bold move, and quickly became a practiced routine. And an efficient one at that.

  One of the biggest issues they faced were the numbers.

  Making a trip to save one or two? It wasn’t worth the risk.

  But saving everyone in the prison at a given time...that would be downright idiotic. There were instances where families refused to leave unless their children, spouses, and family could be taken as well, resulting in the occasional 10 or more being rescued.

  “He hasn’t noticed anything, right?” Cho asked nervously as she wrung her hands together.

  “I suppose I’d face the consequences if he had. It’s under my jurisdiction, remember?” Theo said, leaning further into Blaise and resting his head against his shoulder.

  “Does he know?” Ginny perked up.

  “Know what?” Theo responded in confusion, 
  
    didn’t I just say that…
  

  “Does he know about Granger?”

  It was an odd parallel to hear Ginny referring to her former friend in such a disconnected way. A detail he couldn’t quite get used to, even after a year.

  Theo ground his teeth before nodding briefly.

  Ginny laughed as if it were the funniest thing in the world. “Well then let’s hope he’s too occupied with that to notice when we destroy the prison tomorrow.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: power - isak danielson
  

  
    {August 1999 - 2 weeks before students return
  

  Azkaban wouldn’t be easy to take down, and they all knew this.

  Smuggling prisoners out under the presumption they’d been executed - their bodies assumed to be discarded in the waters around the prison - had become routine.

  Thankfully, their plan had long been set in place. But that didn’t guarantee success. It didn’t guarantee they’d survive. In fact, it didn’t guarantee a 
  
    damned
  
   thing.

  It had been months upon months of research, mostly thanks to the brilliant Ravenclaw in their midst, until they’d found a possibility.

  Cho Chang was brilliant, despite her timid demeanor and general quietness. And if they wanted to destroy the infamous prison, she was their only hope.

  Surprisingly, spellwork wasn’t the deciding factor for how things would go down. It was defined by everything from the temperature of the air to the time at which they struck.

  Forcing dementors to do 
  
    anything
  
   that wasn’t of their own free will was believed impossible but the witches in the household were convinced otherwise.

  “Think about it- the imperius curse takes control of the mind, yes?” Cho had said, offering questions she already knew the answers to in order to make them understand.

  Theo and Blaise had both nodded hesitantly as Ginny Weasley stared them down, daring them to bring down Cho’s optimism.

  Cho smiled brightly before continuing, “Now, and bear with me here, dementors do have minds. Although largely understudied for the purposes of accessibility. 
  
    But
  
  , they have minds nonetheless!”

  Her hands were waving wildly with enthusiasm as she continued. “Think about it! They can listen and follow instructions from...You-Know-Who,” she’d never quite gotten comfortable calling him “the Dark Lord” and refused when she could avoid it.

  The redheaded witch sitting next to her glared at the two wizards again, signalling another nod of their heads.

  “So we have to take control! They’ll never defy the- oh you know!”

  The Ravenclaw seemed content in her explanation, no matter how risky it was. Rather than question her, because they knew she’d done and would continue to do her research before they made a move, they’d complimented her brilliance.

  Even if they didn’t have the details, they knew they could trust her. But fate wasn’t always on their side, and they’d been testing their luck for quite some time at that point.

  It had fallen to the back of Theo’s mind mostly as he continued to focus on the Dark Lord’s tasks and his responsibilities as General. But now that the time had come, he couldn’t ignore it any longer.

  It was happening today. And not only would his adopted family of misfits from multiple houses and bloodlines be at risk, but so would the person who meant the entire world to him. 
  
    Blaise.
  

  <>

  Draco sat in his office, working against his distracted mind to piece together and schedule that semester’s lesson plans for Divination. He battled his thoughts, which still seemed solely focused on missing Granger and worrying himself sick over the Dark Lord’s cryptic ways.

  Much to his dismay - at least until he realized who it was barging into his office - he was interrupted.

  
    Granger.
  

  Wild curls that had been cut a bit below her shoulders since he’d last seen her - 
  
    far too long.
  

  It was pulled half back despite its messy display around her head as if static electricity ran through it. She was huffing with rage, her chest moving up and down furiously, and it was so refreshing just to see her. To be 
  
    near
  
   her. To not have his most recent encounter with her be filled with shower steam and tears.

  “Do you mind doing your job for just 
  
    once?
  
   Is that too much to ask your pretentious arse to do?” Granger’s face wasn’t just pink, it was a bright and glowing red behind her freckled cheeks.

  
    Full of life.
  

  Draco scoffed at her, removing his feet from the top of his desk so he could lean back in his chair to feign disinterest.

  He was anything 
  
    but
  
   disinterested. The witch was far too flustered in her charge towards the front of the classroom to notice his eyes perusing her. Drinking her in with every sweep of his gaze.

  She wasn’t dressed professionally. He’d been under the impression that no other professors had returned to the castle yet. She’d also likely been under the impression that she wouldn’t be talking, speaking, or even berating anyone today.

  Because she was in a t-shirt. A large, oversized, 
  
    Slytherin
  
   t-shirt. One of 
  
    his
  
   t-shirts. Large enough on her tall and curved frame that it swallowed the shorts that he assumed she was wearing underneath. It was such a juvenile thing to care about, but Draco’s possessiveness reared its head.

  “...and the students will be back in two weeks, Malfoy. Two 
  
    sodding
  
   weeks! Are you even listening to me?” Granger practically shrieked her last words, pulling him out of his daze.

  He chuckled spitefully, wanting to further spur her anger. He liked his witch angry.

  
    Not 
  
  
    my
  
  
     witch
  
  , he chided himself.

  “Were you saying something?” he smirked, as if it was the most entertaining thing ever.

  Granger raked her fingers through her curls at the scalp in frustration.

  “Oh my 
  
    fuck!
  
   I mean, really? You’re nineteen but one would think you never matured past our third year, Malfoy!”

  “Ah,” he began as he pretended to analyze the neatly trimmed nails on his left hand, “I suppose your assault on me stunted it. Your fault, really.”

  “Are you truly amused? Gods, I hope so, because not all of us can 
  
    afford
  
   to make mistakes. And guess what, Malfoy? 
  
    Your 
  
  mistakes fall back on 
  
    me
  
  . Know what that means? Hm?”

  She paused to take a heavy breath before slamming her hands flat onto the top of the desk. “I 
  
    die
  
  . As far as we know, I’m a 
  
    threat.
  
   To his 
  
    existence
  
  , to his
  
     power
  
  . What don’t you understand about that?”

  Now he was starting to get angry, blood boiling beneath his skin and thrumming through his veins.

  “I know full well what it means, Granger. Don’t you 
  
    dare
  
   pretend it’s not constantly at the forefront of my mind.”

  She stormed around, her bare feet ironically quiet against the cold floor, and he almost allowed himself a smirk at habits which seemed so civilian at times. He’d been raised in such a tense household that you couldn’t even leave your room without shoes on.

  Two hands clutched his dress shirt tightly until he was tugged (although he didn’t bother fighting it) to his feet.

  “Why in the 
  
    fuck
  
   would you care, Malfoy? Huh? Answer me!” She was shoving at his chest now, although this time, he refused to succumb to her efforts.

  On the third shove, he grabbed her hands, wrapping them up in his own fists to stop her weak rampage.

  “
  
    Listen to me
  
  ,” he hissed, causing her deep brown eyes to snap upwards. 
  
    If looks could kill…
  

  “I care,” he said, baring his teeth angrily at her like a man who was struggling with his own self-control.

  Her eyes narrowed, a scowl overtaking her features. “Bollocks,” she scoffed, lifting her chin in challenge.

  “I 
  
    care
  
  , Granger,” he seethed again, furious that it wasn’t sinking in, that it wasn’t obvious to her.

  “Stop lying! Stop pretending! Just...just stop!” Her expression looked torn between pain and sorrow. Like she was occluding, and he was almost certain she wanted to.

  His throat hitched, the moment feeling all too familiar with their shower interaction, where he’d praised her very skin and she’d forced him away.

  Wrapping one hand around the back of her neck and still holding her hands in the other, he willed himself to be vulnerable. To be honest. To give as much as he took. To succumb to her - the one witch in the world he’d ever even 
  
    consider
  
   doing so for.

  Closing his eyes and resting his forehead against hers, afraid to see her expression, he breathed, “I care, Granger. 
  
    Gods
  
  , I care.”

  It was much softer this time, the compassion and worry in his voice revealing itself much more than he’d meant for it to.

  Heated breath met his face and her hands softened in his grip, slipping away only to find purchase on his cheeks.

  “Draco.”

  Her whisper was so quiet he almost convinced himself he’d imagined it.Wished for it so hard that his brain lied to itself - filling his ears with fallacies and things that simply couldn’t 
  
    be.
  

  “
  
    Draco
  
  ,” she repeated, this time sending a shiver up his spine until he couldn’t resist the urge to meet her eyes. To immerse himself in her gaze; exploring and attempting to read it with his augury, even if it felt impossible with her at times. 

  But he still felt it, even before his eyelids opened. Warmth, magic, and 
  
    emotion
  
  . It emanated from her - complex and palpable.

  But it wasn’t what he thought it would be. Anger was what he expected; frustration, refusal - anything.

  But it was passion. And he should’ve known and expected that at this point. Because he 
  
    knew
  
   her and had been in turmoil 
  
    missing
  
   it so damn badly.

  “Hermione, please,” he begged, although for what exactly, he didn’t know.

  “You care,” she said hesitantly, the words dancing across his own lips in a nervous breath.

  “I care,” and for some reason, he wasn’t sick of saying those words. It felt liberating.

  When she didn’t respond, simply continuing to penetrate his defenses with her mere existence, he squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, willing himself to just 
  
    breathe.
  

  
    I’ve made it this far…
  

  The struggle beneath him finally resolved itself, giving in and giving up. Even if there was a chance he’d be forced upon her by the Dark Lord somehow, at least he could do it on his terms. Take control somehow and offer himself. Besides, he 
  
    wanted
  
   to.

  “Hermione,” he swallowed heavily, “I...you’re…”

  She forced his gaze back to hers, eyes wide, nodding with encouragement for him to continue. Her focus was unwavering.

  “You’ve fucking infiltrated my entire life. My thoughts. I’ve fought it, because I convinced myself that’s what you were doing. My cards are laid out. I…” he hesitated over his own word choice. “I care, 
  
    so
  
   fucking much,” he decided on.

  She stared silently and it felt like a killing curse to his heart. “Please...just...do you care? Do you care too?”

  “Of course I do,” she assured softly.

  “No. Do you care...about 
  
    me
  
  ?”

  Hands slid into his hair, massaging his head. “
  
    Of course
  
   I do,” she repeated. And suddenly Draco could breathe again.

  “Yeah?” he practically begged, feeling so out in the open and afraid he thought he may combust. He needed the reassurance more than he needed to breathe.

  “Yeah,” she whispered, drawing infinitesimally closer to his lips.

  “You’ve had me by the bollocks since I was fucking eleven, Hermione. And now, it’s too real. This is all or nothing for me. Is that what you want?” Draco dragged his bottom lip along her own, his self-control held back by a string as her eyes rolled back.

  Meanwhile, her thoughts raced. 
  
    Since I was fucking eleven. Too real. All or nothing. Is that what you want?
  

  And she knew. Because that’s all she’d ever wanted, wasn’t it? Someone who 
  
    saw
  
   her. Who 
  
    needed 
  
  her. Who was willing to do 
  
    anything
  
  .

  When had he ever 
  
    not
  
   given her what she wanted? He ignited her brain and encompassed her body like a drug. He did everything that both infuriated and infatuated her. And he was practically offering himself on a pureblooded, Slytherin silver and green platter, and all with a vulnerability she hadn’t known he harbored.

  It wasn’t healthy, was it? 
  
    But the mirror…
  

  It was toxic…
  
    and riveting…
  

  It was fucked up, every aspect of it...
  
    it was fucked up.
  

  She loved that. He loved that. Denial was ridiculous at this point. She’d wanted and loathed him for a long time and clearly he felt the same. Maybe even more so.

  It felt powerful. 
  
    He
  
   made her 
  
    feel
  
   powerful. Lifted her up. Showed her who she was, who she could be, what she was capable of.

  
    Draco Malfoy saw her and she saw him.
  

  He massaged her neck gently as she thought, not rushing her or forcing her to speak. Not even forcing her to grant him the same level of openness.

  He’d never taken advantage of her. He’d called her beautiful. This felt like the bare minimum, but she felt it in the marrow of her bones that it was more. It 
  
    was.
  

  She swallowed and looked at him once again where he waited with a shocking look of concern.

  “Do you love me?” she finally asked, visibly shocking him.

  Fearful was the only word that could describe his expression.

  “Oh, fuck it all!” he groaned before attacking her lips with a bruising force.

  “Yes,” he hissed between dips of his tongue between her teeth.

  “Yes,” he groaned when her hands dragged a course down his back.

  “
  
    Gods
  
  , yes,” he whispered against her throat, shoulders, and down her chest.

  “Say you want me, Hermione,” he begged, scooping her up by the arse and squeezing viciously with need.

  “I want you,” she gasped when he bit down on her collarbone and pulled the shirt off of her.

  “Say you 
  
    need
  
   me,” he shoved his hands beneath her bra to squeeze her breasts until she arched her back.

  “
  
    Fuck
  
  , I need you,” she answered as his thumbs circled her nipples.

  He dragged her shorts down her legs, kissing his way down before returning to her core to rip the knickers from her hips. The fabric tore against her sensitive skin deliciously before it gave way to his pull.

  “Apparate us somewhere else,” he demanded, and she obliged as she hopped up to wrap her legs around his waist.

  They were in her room, and Draco was convinced it was an unintentional show of reciprocation.

  It was dark in her room. 
  
    Too fucking dark.
  

  “Fuck, let me see you, Hermione,” he pleaded, biting into her collarbone and backing her onto the bed.

  With a wave of her hand, candles were lit around the room, gold glistening against chestnut curls, and he’d never seen anything so mouthwatering in his life.

  “
  
    Vixen
  
  ,” he seethed as his pupils blew wide to take her in, leaving the thinnest line of silver around them.

  She smirked at him, feeling powerful and wanted like never before.

  “Take me. Claim me. Make me yours” she said, spreading her legs and reaching out to him as he vanished their clothes.

  “With 
  
    pleasure
  
  ,” he responded, gripping every last bit of heated skin he could get his hands and mouth on, painting her body with his physical claim.

  Her hands tugged at his hair with a delicious sting that he longed to know for the rest of his life. Because that was the essence of Hermione Granger. Pleasure that was painful.

  “Let me be yours, too,” he begged in a sudden show of that same vulnerability from earlier.

  “With pleasure,” she responded, kissing him softly with her own claim.

  Growing impatient, her hands scrambled down his torso until she found the point of her search, stroking him a few times before positioning his tip at her entrance.

  “You feel that?” she smirked, rubbing him through the extensive wetness between her legs, “that’s yours. It’s for 
  
    you
  
  .”

  He groaned, veins straining in his neck as he resisted the urge to impale her.

  “I can’t- 
  
    fuck.
  
   I need to know if you feel the same.” And once again, she felt powerful. Relied on. Wanted. Needed.

  She never wanted to go without it again - without him. And in that moment, she made her decision. This would be forever. This was what she’d been missing. 
  
    He
  
   was what she’d been missing.

  So she gave herself willingly.

  “I love you, Draco,” she told him, eyes locked on his with his tip still positioned at her opening.

  He was frozen, almost disbelieving, so she leaned into his ear to repeat herself.

  Raising her hips up to slide onto him from beneath his chiselled torso and warm muscles, she moved slowly; waiting until she’d taken all of his length and reveled in his groan of pleasure before speaking. “I love you.”

  Draco’s entire resolve snapped. He forced his hands against her shoulders, pinning her to the bed and dragging his hands along her arms until their fingers intertwined above her head.

  He pistoned into her with insatiable need, burying his nose in her hair to fully take it all in the same way she was taking 
  
    him
  
   in.

  His words drove her to the edge with an impossible speed.

  
    Mine
  
  , he sucked on her neck until her nails met his back.

  
    Gripping me so well,
  
   he nibbled on her ear.

  
    That’s it, take it. Take me,
  
   he commanded with his eyes on hers.

  When his skilled fingers tugged on her clit, she warned him eagerly how close she was, begging him to spill inside of her.

  “Fucking 
  
    vixen
  
  , going to be my end,” he growled as her walls clamped down on him, pulling his own release from his grasp.

  He kissed her as he slammed inside one, two, three more times, causing her to arch her back before they both whispered simultaneously - as if by accident - 
  
    I love you.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: futureproof - nothing but thieves
  


  
    {August 1999 - 1 week before students return
  


  Sweat formed along Ginny’s brow as she shuffled her feet along the edge of Azkaban. Stones crumbled beneath her feet, falling into the depths below. She fought the urge to look down; she’d learned not to make that mistake in their months of rescue missions.


  Holding her wand up to her face, the end at her ear and tip near her lips, she spoke into it. “All clear on this end. Blaise?”


  “Three on the entrance. Prisoner count?” The wizard’s baritone response vibrated through the wands.


  Cho piped in, her tone high-pitched and soft but self-assured. “Forty-three - including the children.”


  “Merlin”, “Fuck”, and “Damnit” came pouring through the feed.


  “Alright, Cho. What’s our move?” Theo asked stoically, though they all knew how fearful he’d been leading up to this particular mission.


  He was risking more than the rest. He was a high-ranking Death Eater responsible for this very prison. And today, of all days, there were more prisoners present than they’d ever seen.


  They’d expected many, but not 
  
    that
  
   many. A few days prior, upon Theo’s arrival home, none other than Cormac Mclaggen had managed to slither his way into the Dark Lord’s good graces.


  The wizard had not only found, but 
  
    captured
  
   no less than twenty prisoners from a safe house in Galway. He’d been silent but present amongst the Death Eaters since before the Battle of Hogwarts, as if biding his time, seeking an opening to climb the ranks.


  And 
  
    Salazar’s arse
  
   had he ever. As if anyone needed further reason to dislike him. It was a wonder to them all that he’d been sorted into Gryffindor considering his superiority complex and cowardice.


  Thankfully, the git was scheduled to be away from his new post at the prison. Theo had checked, and then double-checked, and then checked five more times.


  There was no room for mistakes today.


  “Two minutes left, and…” Cho paused to check the temperature before continuing, “Nine-point-seven degrees celsius.”


  Theo exhaled a shaky breath, fidgeting with his General’s robes as he climbed to the top of the prison.


  There was a moment of silence; a full minute at the very least.


  “Cho?” came Theo’s voice through their wands, the sound intertwined with static from the storm brewing above.


  “Thirty seconds,” she responded.


  They all took a sharp inhale, mentally preparing that anything could, and might, go terribly wrong.


  “Twenty,” the soft voice updated their group.


  Theo cracked his knuckles repeatedly as he rose to his full height atop Azkaban, eyes to the sky.


  “Ten,” she breathed heavily.


  Ginny had made her way to one side of the prison with Blaise taking up post on the opposite side and Cho at the back. With Theo at the top, they made a pyramid, each raising their wands to the clouds.


  “
  
    Now
  
  !”


  All at once, four jets of white light shot into the air, connecting in the sky before dispersing sporadically to find Dementors as they all shouted, “Imperio!”


  The resounding crack was far too aggressive to pass for thunder, and the Death Eaters guarding the prison at the entrance split apart instantly.


  Sparks fell from the sky and a hoard of Death Eaters swooped down, just barely passing each member of their foursome, as if they weren’t even there. 
  
    Just as they’d planned.
  


  Blaise wobbled in place as he 
  
    felt
  
   his claimed Dementor attack one of the three guards. His body flooded with cold as the beast sucked the life from the wizard, not letting up until he allowed the body to fall into the water.


  He looked down, pupils blown wide. 
  
    At least a three-hundred foot drop. At 
  
  
    least
  
  
    .
  


  Blaise shook the feeling off as best as he could before talking into his wand, “One down,” and made for the front.


  “Fuck, fuck, 
  
    fuck!
  
  ” Ginny shouted as a Death Eater came at her at a much quicker pace than 
  
    anyone
  
   should be able to move along a cliffside.


  The man looked prepared to rip her limb from limb with his bare hands, a sadistic grin on his face as he came barreling towards her. Ginny’s hand quivered on her wand as her magic was currently occupied, and she truly feared this was it for her. He’d made it only five feet away when her Dementor finally swooped in at the last minute. Its ghostly claws wrenched the wizard into the air by his throat, stealing his soul before dropping him into the pitch-black water, right along with the first Death Eater.


  Cho struggled to find the third, wandering along the edge on shaky legs when two large arms reached out from above, yanking her into the window. Her back was slammed onto the hard, concrete floor as a pair of beady eyes and crooked teeth invaded her personal space.


  She panicked, almost forgetting entirely about the vibrating wand in her hand as the Dementor drew closer. 
  
    C’mon, c’mon, so close, so-
  


  And then it was flying in through the window, swooping straight through the Death Eater, finishing the job in a quick, ruthless fashion.


  Her heart thumped rapidly and she took all of five deep breaths before jolting up and sprinting to get to the captives.


  “
  
    Fuck’s sake
  
  , how much longer?” Theo shouted through the wands as his hand shook aggressively where he’d still been holding place at the top of their pyramid.


  “It’s done!” Ginny huffed through her end, the sound followed by shoes thudding against the stone floors.


  Theo collapsed atop the prison, his body exhausted from channeling three other’s spells for such an extended period of time.


  The three below began rushing through the various floors and cells, explaining as quickly as they could how things worked.


  Portkeys wouldn’t work inside the castle, and prisoners couldn’t escape from the front.


  They’d have to jump out the windows with the portkeys in hand.


  Sheer terror crossed most of their faces as cells were unlocked and doors swung open. Various ‘thank yous' and expressions ranging from relieved to horrified were thrown their way as they handed out the portkeys as quickly as possible.


  They’d done this before, but never with so many. Never with so many 
  
    children.
  
   It was dangerous and reckless but it was a last ditch effort to avoid execution.


  In groups of threes, fours, and even eights in the case of larger families, groups began to jump — only to be pulled away by the portkeys in a flash.


  Ginny, Cho, and Blaise finally met up, grabbing hands as the last group jumped and disappeared with their portkey. However, their relief was cut short by a disgusting, arrogant, and painfully familiar laugh from behind.


  They turned quickly, wands already aimed at the source.


  
    Cormac McLaggen.
  


  “Well, well, well,” he said, clapping humorously with each word, “wait until the Dark Lord sees this.”


  None too eager to actually kill the wizard and horrified that he was even there, they froze in place.


  It was right at that moment that Theo appeared behind Cormac, wand aimed at the back of his head as he shouted “Obliviate!”


  <>


  
    song: feeling good - nina simone
  


  “Oh Nagini, things 
  
    are
  
   going according to plan, aren’t they?”


  The green snake hissed in response, nodding affectionately.


  Voldemort floated ever-so-slightly above the ground as his scaly companion followed.


  Suddenly a door swung open as a dark-haired wizard billowed through the hall in his direction.


  “Ah Severus, you never were one for formalities, were you?” he asked sarcastically, his grey, pale lips crookedly upturned.


  “I was able to acquire the ingredients you requested, my Lord.” Snape bowed his head momentarily in lieu of a greeting, his expression ever stoic.


  “Excellent,” Voldemort hissed. “
  
    Show me
  
  .”


  Reaching into his cloak, Snape pulled out what appeared to be a black satchel before placing it on the ground before him and unravelling it.


  There were multiple vials all in a row of various, invaluable potion ingredients. Some glowed, some rattled within their confines as if living and trapped inside the vials.


  “My Lord, I don’t mean to pry, of course,” the dark-haired professor began, “but surely I could assist you if you’d...elaborate on the purpose of these ingredients.”


  Voldemort immediately waved his pale, spider-veined hand. “Oh Severus, your efforts do not go unnoticed,” he grinned evilly, something soft and artificial that had a way of making your skin crawl.


  “I assure you, my Lord, I would never ask for praise. I simply aim to serve.” Snape’s hands were clasped firmly behind his back, his wand always within reach —  the paranoia that had kept the double agent alive thus far rather obvious in his stance. 


  And with that, Snape was dismissed, looking faintly put off as his robes billowed behind him.


  “Excellent 
  
    indeed
  
  ,” Voldemort nodded in approval as he spoke parseltongue to his companion, proceeding to verbally check-off the list of ingredients before him.


  
    Adder’s Fork
  


  
    Dragon Claw
  


  
    Fairy Wing
  


  
    Nazle Powder
  


  
    Murtlap Tentacle
  


  
    Plagentine
  


  
    Occamy Egg Shells
  


  “Yes, according to plan 
  
    indeed,
  
  ” Voldemort stroked the snake’s head affectionately and it leaned into the attention. “And I didn’t need to lift a finger.”


  Rolling the ingredients back up, he grinned to himself, crooked teeth glinting with rot and decay shamelessly.


  He’d been planning this for some time now. Why waste such potential? That had been the entire point, hadn’t it?


  After discovering Hermione Granger was, in fact, more pureblooded by percentage than Voldemort himself…


  Well, initially he’d been angry. Furious. Set on murdering the witch. How dare she be closer to pureblood than he. How dare she have more 
  
    Gaunt blood
  
   than he.


  Did it mean she was more powerful or intelligent? Certainly not, but she’d come close before he even knew. She’d been valuable to him, that much was true.


  He should’ve suspected, after her traitorous behavior towards her friends, that she wasn’t just any Muggleborn.


  Alas, she wasn’t a muggleborn 
  
    at all.
  


  This was logical, and after the initial fury settled, he realized how this could benefit him.


  Voldemort did not fail. He won. He conquered. He always got what he wanted, no matter what it took. Was that not the epitome of ambition and cunning? Of the Slytherin heir?


  Of 
  
    a
  
   Slytherin heir - singular. Because he wasn’t the only one any longer. But with the realization that there were two, his poisoned mind couldn’t be deterred from wandering.


  Could there be more? Wouldn’t 
  
    more
  
   be an 
  
    excellent
  
   thing? 
  
    Advantageous
  
   even?


  Images flickered behind his blood-red eyes - Slytherin heirs. Gaunts. 
  
    More
  
   of them. 
  
    Many
  
   of them.


  The repopulation effort was marriages were already in effect, but none would be more prized, and of course, 
  
    powerful
  
  , than Gaunt heirs.


  Suddenly, something he’d never aspired to have or create was at the forefront of his mind.


  He didn’t want to be a father, that wasn’t the point by any means. In fact, in his state of being reborn, he was physically unable to reproduce. He’d taken the first month after discovering Hermione’s blood status to do his research. Or rather, he’d employed others to do it for him and subsequently wiped their minds.


  It wasn’t possible - not for him - 
  
    technically.
  
   But he still had 
  
    DNA
  
  . He still had 
  
    blood. 
  
  He still had 
  
    flesh.
  


  And when the reproductive vessels are so conveniently at one’s disposal, it would be surprisingly doable. 
  
    Easy
  
  , if one considered what Voldemort was capable of.


  “Great things are coming, Nagini,” the wizard levitated to his throne in the damp, dark hall.


  He took his seat, made of various skulls, bones, and stretched muggle flesh - an extra detail for the appeasement of his followers. Draping his bare feet over the edge of it, his toenails protruding gruesomely, he allowed Nagini to slither into his lap.


  He sighed, heavy and full of content, “Our dear Hermione will be pregnant in no time.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: dissolve (acoustic) - absofacto
  


  
    {August 1999 - 5 days before students return
  


  After their confessions of love, they’d spend the next week together, only leaving Hermione’s bed to finish preparations for the start of school before immediately returning.


  They’d wake up and run their hands over one another, as if they might blink and the other would be gone.


  Then, they’d work in their separate offices until one of them showed up at the other’s door, tugging at hair and robes like it was a lifeline.


  What they’d had before was frustration and stubbornness that would build to the point of combustion. But what they had after such vulnerability was exposed, crossing the line and braving the storm despite it all for a love so all-consuming…


  Things would never be the same. They’d never be able to go back to how things were before, and they didn’t want to.


  Neither were the type for pillowtalk, but it didn’t feel to be something missing. They’d talk occasionally, while having sex or arguing - because things can only change so much.


  Instead, they’d feel each other, communicate their sentiments through their touch and the magic that sparked in the air around them. Emotions so raw were said through looks and touches and even moans of desperation.


  The love they’d discovered wasn’t and would never be cookie-cutter by any means. They lived in a cruel world, under the control of a cruel man. So they’d take what they could get and wouldn’t dare complain.


  While it was by no means a “honeymoon phase” that either had read about in literature or heard of, the time they spent together soon placed them in a bubble. Their focus on the outside world dwindled until it was just the two of them, their connection growing stronger every day. . It shouldn’t have been surprising with the sheer amount of time they’d managed to spend together since Voldemort’s victory in the war and especially over the past week. But it was blinding them from what was coming.


  The only thing that changed, serving as a warning of threats ahead, was Draco’s augury. It was flaring. Searing the fine hair along his skin in a way that was so unsettling, he felt sick.


  It wasn’t from Granger, that much he was sure of. But he couldn’t determine what was causing the feeling with such strength when the only person in his proximity had been her.


  That was, until he walked into his office one day alone and his mark ignited like an invisible flame on his forearm. He was being summoned. Not anyone else. 


  
    Just Draco.
  


  <>


  
    song: man or a monster (feat. zayde wolf) - sam tinnesz
  


  “Perfect, yesssss,” Voldemort hissed to his companion.


  Smoke swirled in tendrils from the potion before dissipating into a red haze as he added pieces of his DNA to the potion - a vial of blood, toenails, saliva, and a tooth to ensure potency.


  If he was correct - 
  
    and he always was
  
   - the more he contributed physically to the process, the more effective it would be in only utilizing the pureblood portion of his genetic makeup.


  After adding those final contributions, the potion fizzled and hissed before turning black as tar.


  “It’s time,” he grinned devilishly, his rotten teeth now not even a full set due to his newfound desperation for an heir.


  In the next instant, he summoned Draco, who was striding in through the doors to his throne room in under thirty seconds. 
  
    Ah, my ever loyal followers.
  


  On Draco’s end, the quick apparition had left him uneasy. 
  
    What could he need so suddenly, and why only in relation to him?
  


  “I’m pleased with you, Draco,” the Dark Lord hissed as the young Death Eater slowly made his way towards him, hesitation evident only in his eyes.


  “Thank you...my Lord,” the blond responded, brow slightly twisted in uncertainty as to what he was referring to.


  “Typically, love is a weakness. But in this case, you’ve brought me exactly what I need, so I’ll allow it.”


  Draco went stiff, his fingers twitching at his sides and his face so pale you’d think he’d been struck by a killing curse.


  “Come forth,” Voldemort instructed with a grin, crooking his finger at the boy.


  Draco cleared his throat suddenly, taking a slow step forward.


  “How may I be of service, my Lord?” His tone implied confidence, but every augury sense inside of him was screaming that Voldemort was the source of his unease. Screaming at him to run as far away as his legs or magic could carry him.


  In lieu of a response, Voldemort beckoned him even closer and placed a strong grip on Draco’s forearm, causing him to wince.


  “Shh,” Voldemort hushed as he rolled up Draco’s sleeve, held his wrist over the potion, and ran a long, sharp fingernail along his flesh until blood flowed into the potion.


  Draco’s reaction was almost instant as he inhaled sharply and tried to jerk away, but failed to get out of his master’s grip.


  “Almost done,” the man assured chillingly as the potion swirled beneath his blood.


  
    What is-? Why does he need my-?
  


  His hand turned white, crimson red flowing until he felt dizzy as the mixture began to settle.


  Voldemort finally released his wrist, watching the potion diligently as Draco healed the slice with a shaking hand.


  “Don’t lie to me, Draco. You love the...well...she isn’t a mudblood now, is she? But tell me this: do you plan to keep her?”


  A chill ran up Draco’s arms and his neck twitched almost violently, but he remained silent for fear that there was nothing this wizard didn’t know.


  “You’ll thank me later. Do you know why, my young and foolish servant?” The beast-like man took a step towards him but Draco was rooted to the spot.


  He paused to summon two goblets, filling them each with the mysterious potion on the table, and forced one into Draco’s hand.


  “Drink.”


  He wanted to chuck it in the bastard’s face. To kill him and prevent whatever utterly wicked and vile thing he had planned. It involved Draco, that much was certain, but clearly Granger was involved in this as well, and that alone was too much to bear.


  His silver eyes flitted from the liquid to the Dark Lord and back again.


  “I don’t repeat myself, Draco.”


  But there wasn’t a choice. Not in this situation. The implications of making a move? Of defying the Dark Lord? Of even 
  
    daring
  
   to question what in the Hell was going on?


  All Draco felt was the purest, most uninhibited form of fear he’d ever experienced in his life and, with a lump in his throat, he drank.


  He grimaced, gagging on the liquid as it burned down his throat like bile, but he forced himself to continue when the Dark Lord told him to drink all of it.


  He wiped his mouth with his sleeve when he finished, feeling a strange sense of calm yet nagging discomfort in his veins. As if they were expanding and making room for something else there.


  This sensation intensified when unexpectedly, the Dark Lord made a subtle ‘cheers’ with his glass, shot him a sadistic smile, and downed his own goblet.


  The man’s eyes flashed silver before going back to red and Draco felt a similar flash of change on his own. Momentarily, everything was red-hued and unfeeling, before the fear returned with a vengeance.


  “How do you feel?”


  It was an odd question to come from the dry, pale lips of Voldemort himself. 
  
    Unmoving
  
   lips.


  Draco shook his head before flexing his hands, 
  
    was his vision failing him?
  


  No. The voice had come from within his own head. And it had been the voice of the Dark Lord.


  The man was studying him, scrutinizing with his red gaze.


  “No matter, I can hear your thoughts now,” he said, looking almost annoyed that Draco wasn’t as pleased with this development as he was. 
  
    Should he be?
  


  “You’ll thank me for this someday. You do want to keep her, and I’ll let you.”


  Draco wanted to relax. To breathe and to think clearly, but everything felt encompassed in a fog. What did he gain? What was in the potion? What was going on?


  “She’d never leave the father of her child would she?”


  His skin went cold as ice. “But she isn’t...she’s not…”


  “No, not yet,” the Dark Lord spoke aloud, before transferring his voice to the inside of Draco’s head.


  
    But she will be.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  TW: dubious consent/non-con


  
    song: toxic - 2WEI
  


  
    {August 1999 - 5 days before students return
  


  Love isn’t a concept thoroughly understood by many, and for some, it can never truly be felt. However, that doesn’t mean it can’t be perceived by others.


  Although most hadn’t been paying much attention to Hermione and Draco’s interactions, complacent with the hatred that lived on the surface, Voldemort had known better for some time.


  He saw the way fire was absent in their eyes, unless they were looking at each other. It had been obvious from the time that Hermione became a Death Eater.


  So, like the brilliant and scheming wizard that Voldemort was, he watched. He waited. He planned.


  Discovering that Hermione was his dear cousin, well, that was just a lucky coincidence in his favor; one that drove his motivation to move forward with the plan he’d already been forming.


  Being inside Draco’s head was temporary - part of the potion that they both drank. He could speak into his mind and hear his thoughts, all without even performing legilimency. And that was only the tip of the iceberg.


  Because this wasn’t an imperio. It wasn’t mind control, per se. No, for the magic to work, they’d have to do this together.


  The Malfoy heir’s face was so pitifully translucent with fear, and it gave a rush of adrenaline and sickly pleasure through Voldemort’s decrepit excuse for a body. He couldn’t wait to feel what it’d be like to share another’s body - temporarily, of course.


  Voldemort took a step forward, feeling the surge of power ripple through his grey skin in proximity to Draco’s connected form.


  Panic flooded Draco’s thoughts, passing through Voldemort’s own.


  
    What’s happening?
  


  
    Oh Merlin, please, not Hermione.
  


  
    Don’t move, don’t show fear.
  


  Voldemort smirked, taking advantage to speak into Draco’s mind. 
  
    Why so frantic? You want to keep her, don’t you? I can give you that if you simply...comply. And as you know, if you don’t, I’ll simply make you.
  


  He was almost certain that the young, blond wizard was on the verge of passing out. He would’ve laughed, were the timing not rather precarious in order for his plan to work.


  Voldemort took another step forward, then another, then another, until he was walking straight into Draco’s form as if he were a ghost.


  Draco shivered viciously and he cried out, falling to his knees as his body absorbed Voldemort’s, meshing into one form.


  Draco’s hands shook and his stomach lurched, as if the magic happening were unnatural, too sinister for his human body to accept. Until suddenly, it settled.


  A warm, calming sensation washed over him, similar to how the 
  
    imperio
  
   curse might feel. Not that Draco had experience under the spell. Not 
  
    yet
  
  , at least. 


  Draco’s body felt physically stronger as their two forms combined, and yet, he had very little control over his actions. Forced into the back of his head, he watched through empty eyes as the Dark Lord occupied his mind and body.


  It was like breathing through a straw or looking through a dirty window pane.


  He was trapped in the prison of his own mind. Without any ability to act on them, his thoughts raced. He wasn’t in control, and he didn’t have the ability to truly question what was happening.


  He wanted to panic. To scream. To cry. To kill. To see Hermione. To get Hermione pregnant.


  
    No I don’t-
  


  
    Yes, we do.
  
   Even Voldemort’s voice in his mind was louder than his own, exerting control over his very thoughts.


  He blinked and the world was spinning. There was the familiar feeling of a tug, pulling at his navel, and then he was walking down a dark corridor.


  <>


  Hermione was surprised that Malfoy hadn’t beat her back to her room. It was late and she’d lost track of the time, as she often did. But they had that in common, so she assumed he had done the same, finishing up last minute tasks for the returning students.


  It wasn’t until she was stepping out of the shower, wrapped in a towel with still damp curls that her bedroom door creaked open. From her position in the bathroom, all she could see was the dark silhouette of Malfoy as he turned to shut the door, the only noise the lock clicking into place. 


  “Long day?” she asked sarcastically,  expecting a snide remark from him as usual but instead, he remained silent and turned to stare at her.


  Chills danced across her skin when their eyes met. Something was off…


  He looked utterly exhausted. Eyes much darker than usual, his pupils  eclipsed the grey irises in the dark room, making them appear entirely black. She could’ve sworn she saw a glimmer of red in them as well, but she cast it off as her tired eyes playing tricks on her.


  Behind the darkness was a look in his eyes that Hermione couldn’t decipher. Was it lust? Exhaustion? Need? Regardless, she was in no position to judge, because she felt that same longing for release after such a long day of working in her office alone.


  As she shut off the light in the bathroom, Malfoy silently waved a hand and the room filled with candles. Well this was...romantic?


  He looked paler than usual in the dark, his expression less open and somehow more chilling, although it sent a mixture of pleasure and nervousness through her veins. His eyes still looked so… dark.


  “What’s this Malfoy?” She couldn’t bear the silence any longer.


  Rather than respond, he beckoned her closer with a pale finger. Off-handedly, she noticed he used his right hand. 
  
    Malfoy wasn’t right-handed.
  


  She was overthinking… she was sure of it. And so she took a delicate step forward, shivering in her towel. The second she did so, he waved his hand again, casting a warming charm that seemed to fill her body with heat, in more ways than one.


  “Beautiful…” The compliment from his lips was halfway between a purr and a hiss, and sent a strong wave of need to the space between her legs.


  “Malfoy?” Her voice was hushed and nervous. She’d never seen him like this… but she wasn’t opposed to it. If she was being honest, even though she didn’t understand exactly what was different about him or his behavior, something about his demeanor was drawing her in.


  “My 
  
    dear
  
   Hermione,” he whispered in that wonderful and enticing voice she’d begun to memorize. But he’d never called her ‘dear’ before.


  “Please don’t call me that, Malfoy.”


  “Hermione?” He asked with an upturn to his lip and began to unbutton his shirt, revealing those glorious scars that she loved to pepper languid, heated kisses along.


  “No… 
  
    dear
  
  ,” she clarified.


  Malfoy chuckled in response as his white button-up slid down his arms, revealing pale, taut muscle with blue veins slightly protruding against the surface. 
  
    Why did he have to look so goddamn good? Shouldn’t the product of incest look hideous and repulsive or something?
  


  “Come here, Hermione,” he beckoned once again, his voice even smoother this time, as if he was hushing her with his words. And it was working.


  She took a few small steps forward and his fingertips danced delicately across her collarbone, to her shoulder, and then down her arm before interlacing their fingers.


  Leaning forward, he tucked a few damp locks behind her ear, causing her to shiver. “I love you...Hermione,” he whispered, a grin evident in his tone.


  “I love you too...Draco.” It felt odd calling him that, the name unfamiliar on her tongue. But he had called her by her first name, so she felt it was only right to return the gesture. Meanwhile, her name rolled off his tongue as if it was practiced; as if he regularly called her that.


  “You seem stressed,” he said, staring down into her eyes, observing her.


  “Me?” She chuckled at that. “You’re the one who looks like you haven’t seen the light of day. Are you sick?”


  “No,” he laughed, as if he knew something she didn’t. “I’m not sick, but I suppose we’re both stressed. Let me take care of that?”


  She nodded once, and in an abrupt change in demeanor, his lips were attacking hers with a hunger she’d never truly seen from him. And it felt…


  So. Damn. Good.


  Heat engulfed her body like a flame when he made his way to her neck, sucking so hard she could feel her pulse thrumming against his lips.


  He tasted different, like maybe he’d had something odd for dinner. Perhaps he’d busted his lip or bit too hard into his cheek. But her thoughts couldn’t linger on the subtle, iron-like taste when her body felt like it was under attack in the best way.


  Draco was already growing hard against her hip, thrusting it against her as he started backing her towards the bed. The bruises he was leaving across her chest and collarbones were almost painful, but she wasn’t afraid to admit she quite liked the sensation.


  Her towel was torn from her form and he wrapped an arm around her waist, lifting her towards the pillows at the headboard, and began to crawl up her body.


  Cold hands ghosted against her inner thighs as he spread them before running them against her wet cunt. He groaned, “So ready for me. Just like I need you to be.”


  He whispered something and suddenly he was naked as well, leaning forward over her and looking at her with eyes that still seemed to have no grey in sight.


  “Are you sure you’re okay, Draco?” Hermione touched the sides of his face and his features seemed to soften lightly, a glimmer of affection bleeding through.


  He kissed her heavily and hungrily, using his tongue to claim her mouth again. “I just need you.” Her core heated for a moment, in a flutter of magic that she couldn’t ignore, but as soon as she felt it, the feeling had gone. She opened her eyes to look at him, pulling back slightly.


  He toyed with her hair, wrapping a finger in it before releasing it and kissing her hard one more time before pulling back.


  “Then take me,” she urged, grinding her hips upward with the want he had fueled.


  “With pleasure,” he smirked, and then he was fully sheathed inside of her.


  It wasn’t gentle or intimate like she’d expected. It was purposeful, every roll and thrust of his hips, as if he never wanted to stop what he was doing. Like he was determined; a man on a mission.


  She began to tighten around him and was shocked with the speed in which it happened. “Oh...oh! How is...Draco...oh Gods…”


  She’d never moaned or writhed underneath him like this before, but she certainly wasn’t complaining. Normally it took her a bit longer to finish, but she was building quickly.


  “Come undone for me, dear.”


  She cringed slightly at the word, assuming he had forgotten in the throes of passion, but her release was so close that it didn’t even matter.


  A few more thrusts and she was sobbing with pleasure, gasping for air, as the most powerful orgasm she’d ever had washed over her, seeming to last forever. It was like her cunt was gripping him with a mission of its own, as it pulled his release from him just as quickly.


  “Oh, Hermione, I’m-” He slammed into her hard as he came, filling her over and over with his cum. She whimpered at the sensation, thanking Merlin that she had a semi-permanent contraceptive charm cast on her womb. One that was only removable with a specific counter-charm. 


  He collapsed atop of her, his breathing quick and shallow, matching her own until they both gradually returned to a normal and relaxed pace.


  “That was…” she trailed off, still trying to catch her breath as she wrapped her arms and legs around him, placing kisses along his jaw.


  Draco nodded against her where his head was buried into her shoulder and hair.


  “I love you,” she whispered, her eyelids growing heavy. Merlin, she was exhausted.


  She wasn’t sure if he returned the sentiment. The last thing she remembered, she was falling asleep with Draco still inside of her as he mumbled something she couldn’t comprehend.


  She felt full, and loved, and thoroughly used in the best way. That night, she slept better than she had in a while.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Sail on, sail on -- through endless space--


  Through calm -- through tempest -- stop no more;


  The stormiest sea’s a resting-place


  To him who leaves such hearts on shore.”

 

  
    song: hurts like hell - fleurie
  


  
    {August 1999 - 5 days before students return (the night of)
  


  Draco’s unwilling participation in impregnating Hermione was impossible to process. To accept. To even understand.


  He’d been taken advantage of, and so had she. It was traumatic, and she had no idea what even happened. That his body had been forcibly used as a vessel for the Dark Lord’s sinister will.


  And trauma like that simply didn’t go away.


  Narcissa Malfoy used to tell her son that a skill like Augury was sensitive. Finicky, even. Trauma, like hers, could rid you of the ability all together. Draco barely even noticed his had gone. Whether it would return or not, he wasn’t sure he cared, considering it was the least important thing on his mind.


  Instead, he dry heaved all over the Dark Lord’s throne room; the contents of his stomach long gone. Unfortunately, it was far too late to rid himself of the potion and it’s magic.


  His body trembled violently on the cold floor; the psychotic wizard before him ignoring him as if he were a mere inconvenience.


  “Tell m-” Draco could barely choke out a word before he was heaving again, his throat raw from stomach acid. His body still ached, overwhelmed by Voldemort’s intrusion and sharp exit after he’d apparated the two of them back.


  “Save it,” the Dark Lord answered. “What’s done is done.”


  Draco shook his head, fighting back his lurching stomach as cold sweat formed along his brow and dripped down to his jaw before hitting the floor.


  “You should be thanking me, you ungrateful imbecile.”


  His blood boiled at the man’s words, his magic sparking as he seethed with fury. “Thanking you!?” His voice was hysteric.


  “You heard me.” Voldemort rose from his throne finally, making his way towards Draco’s shaken form. “She’ll never leave you now.”


  Hermione leaving him was the 
  
    last
  
   of his concerns.


  “Let me put this plainly for you; the life now growing inside of her is not just mine. It’s 
  
    yours.
  
   It’s genetics will be in thirds- part mine, part yours, and part hers. Two-thirds Gaunt and one-third Malfoy.”


  “You’re disgusting,” Draco spat at the wizard’s bare feet.


  “I’m brilliant,” the Dark Lord corrected with a scoff. Thanks to the brilliance of dark magic and my own ingenuity, our DNA and magical blood was temporarily merged, using your body as a passage, Draco.”


  He walked closer, allowing himself to truly look 
  
    down
  
   on Draco. “She’d never leave you if she knew she was carrying 
  
    your
  
   child. Even when she finally realizes she’s above you. She is an heir to Slytherin after all, like myself. Not as good as me, but as close as anyone could come to it.”


  “You think I won’t just tell her?” Draco was so weak he couldn’t even clean his own vomit from the floor despite his furious efforts. His magic was temporarily waned from exhaustion.


  Voldemort cackled this time, a loud and clearly amused sound with his signature hiss at the end. “I knew you’d try, but don’t bother. I took care of that as well. Unless, of course, you enjoy throwing up every time you try to speak of what happened tonight. Try too many times and, well, I suppose then I 
  
    will
  
   be the only father of this child.”


  
    How sickening could this man be?
  


  He’d forcibly impregnated Hermione using Draco’s body. It was rape. Not only that, but he’d raped Draco’s mind, in a sense; taken over his body by force and used him. It was revolting. It was sickening. It was…


  Draco tried to speak of it and only found himself dry heaving again until blood spattered across the floor.


  “You’re lucky I’m letting you live as it is. If you fight it, you’ll die, but I can’t say I won’t be amused.”


  <>


  
    song: you are so beautiful - tommee profitt, brooke
  


  
    {August 1999 - 4 days before students return
  


  The next morning, Hermione awoke feeling thoroughly refreshed and borderline blissful. The night before had been, well...
  
    magical.
  
   She couldn’t quite put a finger on it, but the feeling fluttered in her stomach pleasantly.


  She rolled over expecting to find Draco and was surprised to find he wasn’t there. With a start, she grabbed her wand off of the side table and checked the time, realizing it was already noon.


  Shit
  
    .
  
   Why hadn’t he woke her?


  
    He must be working in his office already,
  
   she thought to herself. Quickly dressing for the day, she left her room to take care of a few last minute preparations for the return of the students.


  <>


  Draco paced his office, and he paced, and he paced some more. The clicking of his shoes against the stone floor was drowned out by his thoughts. For all he knew, he’d been pacing for hours at that point.


  There had to be a way around it. 
  
    Had
  
   to be.


  But every time he even opened his mouth to speak any detail of the previous night’s events, even to himself alone, he gagged. It got more painful with repetition.


  He hadn’t slept or eaten, and had no desire to do either. What he 
  
    wanted
  
   was to take Hermione into his arms and apologize. To cry. To scream. To kill Voldemort himself. But there was 
  
    nothing
  
   to do.


  He felt utterly powerless.


  Upon returning to the SSDA, he’d gone straight to his own room. He’d lost track of how long he’d been sleeping next to Hermione. Even if he wasn’t utterly destroyed mentally and emotionally, the bed would feel too empty without her.


  So he’d paced. He’d dressed. He’d gone to his office. He’d paced some more.


  And when Hermione finally came searching for him later that night, he’d done what Draco Malfoy did best. He pushed her away.


  She’d yelled at him, shoving him in the chest repeatedly until he screamed at her to get out. Because what else was there to do?


  
    “Why are you acting this way?” She’d demanded an answer, and he’d refused.
  


  
    “Talk to me, Draco! What the hell is wrong with you? One minute you say you love me and the next you’ve lost interest? You disgust me.”
  


  The word rang on repeat in his head like a bell. It was the same word he’d used to describe Voldemort. 
  
    Disgust.
  
   And now she’d said it to him. He supposed he deserved it.


  
    Disgust. Disgust. 
  
  
    Disgust.
  


  He couldn’t- 
  
    wouldn’t
  
   give up. It was his fault, wasn’t it? His body who’d done the work, even if he hadn’t been in control. Shouldn’t his augury have picked it up stronger? That what Voldemort had planned was utterly insidious?


  No, it was plain and simple in his mind. He’d failed her. So he’d keep his distance until he came up with a plan. He just prayed to any deity in existence that he’d figure it out in time for...for...well


  In time for what? Even he didn’t know.


  <>


  
    {September 1999
  


  A month had gone by without speaking to her. Without holding her in his arms. Without the rhythm of her heart against his chest, the warmth of her breath against his.


  His existence felt like pure despair. Because the woman he loved was unknowingly carrying his and the Dark Lord’s child. He almost gagged just thinking about it.


  He’d barely eaten over the past month, which of course Hermione didn’t comment on, because they didn’t speak.


  She did her Headmistress duties, and he continued teaching his divination classes. But with her absence in his life and his augury gone, all he felt was emptiness.


  It was funny, he thought, how love could become addictive. How the proximity of a person you care for but lack of 
  
    them
  
   in your life could swallow you whole.


  So when he’d spent the past month wracking his mind and coming to the conclusion that he’d have to get Theo’s help, the timing was all too convenient when Hermione pulled him aside.


  “Professor Malfoy, come with me.” His parents had stared at him suspiciously from their seats at dinner, and even the students’ eyes followed as he trailed her out the doors of the Great Hall.


  He hated the way his heart fluttered like a schoolboy, because he’d gone and 
  
    irreparably 
  
  fucked it up. All he could do now was warn her.


  Except it was too late.


  She was already speaking by the time he’d shut the door to her office, and she was facing away from him. His stomach sank to the depths of the ocean.


  “I’m pregnant.”


  
    I know.
  
   That was his first thought, and he fought the gag that threatened to escape his throat.


  So instead, he stared at her stoically.


  “It’s yours you absolute piece of 
  
    shite
  
  !” Hermione shouted as she turned, her curls wild and whipping over her shoulder as she curled her hands into fists.


  Again, he was silent. 
  
    Why can’t I speak? Bloody hell, say something!
  


  But no words came out. It was like his body had adjusted, and refused to obey his mind’s command to say something- 
  
    anything.
  


  Tears welled in her eyes, and he felt sicker than whatever damned curse Voldemort had placed on him. At that point, his 
  
    life
  
   felt like a curse.


  
    But not more than hers.
  


  “Don’t know why I bothered…” Hermione muttered under her breath. “Get out.”


  Draco opened his mouth to speak finally, but she didn’t give him the chance.


  “
  
    Get out!
  
  ” She shouted and the door flung open.


  He turned his head and bit into his cheek, tears filling his own eyes now. He had to find a way. 
  
    Had to.
  
   No matter what it took.


  So with a heavy swallow and the weight of the world upon his shoulders, he left to meet Theo for more than their typical drinks.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: can I exist - missio
  


  
    {September 1999 - one month pregnant
  


  Theo stirred his drink wandlessly, the ice half-melted already. He was waiting for Draco to show up for their scheduled drinks, which had been pushed back repeatedly at that point. Honestly, The General almost didn’t even expect him to show up.


  The door suddenly swung open to the bar and Draco marched in like a madman, white strands of hair sticking up every-which-way.


  “Theo!” Draco spoke a bit louder than usual, his tone borderline panicked. Thankfully, the bar was plenty full enough, and no one seemed to pay attention to the two.


  “Draco,” he greeted calmly, taking a sip of his drink with his eyes set on the other wizard.


  “I need to...look I...
  
    fuck!
  
  ”


  “Easy mate, what’s got your wand all bent out of shape?” The brunette placed his glass back on the bartop, turning to face his friend fully now.


  “I fucked up, Theo. Well, not me, I mean 
  
    technically
  
  -”


  Theo sighed, raising a hand to stop Draco before he had an aneurysm. “Let’s go somewhere else then, yeah? I doubt you want all these,” he paused to look around the shabby bar, “lovely folks...hearing what you’re about to say.”


  With that, Theo turned and led Draco out the back door of the bar and into the deserted alleyway.


  “Listen, I don’t know if I can even tell you— it’s complicated, alright?”


  Running his fingers through his hair, Theo shook his head tiredly and leaned against the wall. “Maybe start from the beginning then?” 


  “Fuck’s sake, it’s not that easy!” Draco shouted before quickly his head, muttering an apology for raising his voice.


  Patiently, Theo gestured for him to go on.


  Draco dug his nails into his hands and took a deep breath, preparing himself for the nausea he was certain he’d be overcome with.


  “Hermione is pregnant,” he rushed out, pausing in shock before realizing no violent sickness came. “Mother of 
  
    Salazar,
  
   I didn’t throw up!”


  “Didn’t realize you had such a sensitive stomach,” Theo chuckled. “But you’re joking, right? Also, no more ‘Granger’, then?”


  “This really isn’t the time, Nott. Listen to me. I’m going to tell you something so… so 
  
    fucked
  
  . Just be quiet and listen so I can get it all out.”


  Theo raised an annoyed eyebrow at him.


  Draco sighed in exasperation, “
  
    Please
  
  , mate.”


  Once Theo rolled his eyes and nodded, Draco dove into recounting that night, spilling his guts of every detail. Although thankfully, it wasn’t literal this time. However, speaking that night’s events aloud made him just as nauseous as the Dark Lord’s magic would have otherwise made him.


  The silence that followed was deafening in the dim alleyway.


  The General looked horrified, at a loss for words. Frankly, he looked the wayDraco thought a muggle might look if they’d seen a ghost.


  “I can’t tell her. Not that I haven’t tried, but you’re the first person I’ve been able to tell since it happened. When I try to speak about it, even in her 
  
    vicinity
  
  , I get extremely sick.”


  Theo nodded his head slowly, pupils still blown wide from his friend’s retelling. “I mean… I would too… 
  
    fuck
  
  …”


  “No, you don’t understand. It’s Voldemort’s doing.” Draco barely noticed Theo’s shocked reaction when he failed to refer to their sadistic puppet master as ‘The Dark Lord’.


  “I physically get sick. I’m not sure what he did, but I’m almost certain if I even got any words out in front of her, I’d probably puke out all of my organs!” Draco was sweating just from speaking about it, his stomach churning every time he opened his mouth.


  “So...you want 
  
    me
  
   to tell her? And how exactly do you imagine 
  
    that
  
   blowing over? I wouldn’t even know where to start! This is… it’s… Merlin, Draco.” Theo finally met the fearful eyes of his longtime comrade. “I’m so sorry this happened.”


  The pity and sorrow in Theo’s voice only made Draco more emotional. The entire thing was beyond what any sane person could possibly imagine, orchestrate, or carry through. And Voldemort had done all three.


  The blond’s hands shook aggressively, his lip trembling as he fought through the tears that threatened to surface for both himself and his love.


  “Of course I’ll help. I’ll tell her. I’ll do whatever you need.” Theo took a step forward and wrapped an arm around Draco, pulling him into a forced hug.


  He wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Draco so broken. It was like shards of the man before him were scattered across the cobblestone beneath their feet.


  He feared for the lasting psychological damage he’d endured, and hoped fervently that they’d find a way through this. And if Draco wanted him there to help, then by Gods he’d help.


  <>


  Draco stood outside Hermione’s bedroom waiting, which was made even worse by the silencing charm that had been cast over her room as Theo told her what happened.


  He’d quickly realized that even hearing the words spoken to her brought back that same nausea, and had to cast the charm himself to avoid falling to the floor in a heap of bodily fluids.


  It was like he could hear the bloody time ticking in his ears. Seconds, and minutes, and what felt like the most painful hours of his life passed before the door opened and Theo walked out.


  Wordlessly, the brunette placed a hand on his shoulder before departing, leaving the door open behind him.


  Hesitantly, he peeked in to find Hermione seated on her bed and staring at the wall ahead of her.


  He knocked lightly, but she didn’t turn her head.


  With featherlight footsteps, Draco made his way towards her, forcing himself to proceed even once he saw the glass-like tears in her dark and now empty eyes. One hand rested delicately over her stomach and he felt sick all over again.


  “Hermione,” he whispered, to which she raised a hand to stop him, turning her head the other way.


  “Please… don’t.” She said, squeezing her eyes shut so hard that even Draco could feel it. “I know it wasn’t you and… and that you suffered as well. But I…”


  Before she could get out another word, she inhaled sharply. Throwing her hands over her face, she started to cry, her sobs racking her entire body violently.


  She’d already been hurt before by what she thought was his initial reaction to her pregnancy. And now, she knew all the details. She knew 
  
    everything.
  


  Did this witch deserve everything she’d been through, just for this to happen now? She’d made sacrifices and left her friends and gone through countless hardships. What terrible force was so insistent on making her life a living Hell?


  Apparently, Voldemort was that force.


  Suddenly she stopped, sniffling a few times before shaking her head and swallowing heavily. “It wasn’t your fault. I’m… It’s… I’m fine.”


  “Don’t lie to me, Hermione. 
  
    Please
  
  ,” Draco begged, taking a bold but cautious step towards her and reaching out a shaky hand.


  “You’re suffering too,” she said quietly, taking his hand. “And I know we can’t talk about it since we… we don’t know how you’ll 
  
    react
  
  .”


  She finally met his eyes. They were that same warm shade, but there was an enduring emptiness even after her tears had mostly dried. It made something run cold inside of him.


  Because of what she’d been through. Because of what they’d both endured. Because of the numbness he could see burying her trauma. Because of the sickening, twisted life that grew inside of her without either of their consent.


  He felt powerless, and he knew she must too. He needed her more than anything now, and he prayed to any Gods, in 
  
    any
  
   world, that they’d make it through this. They 
  
    had
  
   to. He needed her, and she needed him.


  Hermione’s breathing was still ragged when she pulled him into a fierce hug, dragging him back onto her bed before she waved the candlelight out, engulfing them in darkness.


  They cuddled up, facing one another with their limbs tangled and their bodies flush against each other.


  “We can’t tell anyone. No one can know…” Hermione trailed off, her voice hanging in the dark air.


  Draco nodded into her shoulder in agreement. “Theo knows not to tell anyone. Not even 
  
    he
  
   is supposed to know.”


  She pressed even harder against him.


  Rain began to pour outside, thunder so harsh shaking the castle walls around them.


  “You know,” she whispered against his chest, “your mother once told me that rain washes away darkness.”


  Draco hummed and pressed a delicate kiss to her head. “When was this?”


  “We sat down for coffee and tea once,” she answered.


  “You prefer coffee,” he stated matter-of-factly. Lightning struck outside again, flashing brightly for only a moment through the curtains.


  “Mhm,” she responded, pausing for a moment after. “But sometimes it simply muddies things… spreads them out.”


  Draco was silent, pondering her words, trying to understand what exactly she meant. The lack of emotion in her tone made him still.


  “Sometimes it takes darkness to overcome darkness.”


  Hermione placed a kiss against his chest. Minutes went by before she broke the silence once more, when Draco was drifting off, feeling safe against her. He hated that. He wanted to be her comfort. To be her safety.


  “You can’t put out fire with fire, but that’s light and heat. Darkness doesn’t work that way. It’s cold, it’s the opposite of light. To overcome darkness…” Her voice trailed off.


  <>


  quick a/n: I highly recommend you listen to the song for this portion...it’ll really add to the visual. Trust me. xoxo


  
    song: tear you apart - she wants revenge
  


  
    You have to be even darker than that which you seek to overcome
  
  , Hermione thought to herself as Draco dozed in her arms.


  She turned slowly to face the ceiling, careful not to wake up Draco. In a sense, she wanted to be angry at him for being 
  
    physically
  
   at fault, but knew he couldn't be blamed for it. He was merely the vessel.  It wasn’t his fault. It was her 
  
    dear cousin’s
  
  .


  That sadistic cunt. 
  
    Her fucking cousin.
  


  It was all too much. It was a breaking point. It was more than she could take. Or was it?


  Hermione took a mental list of it all from beginning to end:


  Her parents.


  Bellatrix.


  Her former friends.


  Ron, her 
  
    rapist.
  


  Her blood status.


  Neville.


  That inbred baby inside of her.


  And so much more.


  She’d been taken advantage of more than once. Mentally. Physically. Emotionally. What was the point? She’d even chosen the winning side and her life had still gone to shit.


  
    When is it my turn?
  


  A switch flipped.


  
    You have to be even darker than that which you seek to overcome
  
  , she remembered.


  Sick of being taken advantage of. Of being used. Of not meaning 
  
    anything
  
   to 
  
    anyone.
  


  Of course, Draco was an exception to that. He was on her side, and as far as she was concerned, the only person in her corner.


  It was the world against them, and that was the only way to see it. If she wanted control, to put herself first 
  
    truly
  
  , she knew what to do.


  The diadem thrummed in her room. She could sense it.


  The funny thing was, Hermione considered herself a mix of all the houses when it came down to it. She was brave. Loyal, on her own terms, to those who deserved it.. Cunning. Intelligent.


  Merlin, she was everything, wasn’t she? And yet, this was still where she ended up.


  
    This
  
   was where she ended up when she fell in line and did as she was told. She was over it.


  She stared blankly at the ceiling, feeling a new sense of power.


  
    No more.
  


  The cards were in her hands. She knew it all, and it was her move now. Draco was trustworthy, and it seemed that Theo was as well.


  Snape’s loyalty was still up in the air, but she may need to take that risk after investigating the situation further.


  Surely he didn’t want Voldemort in power either, right? Because in all honesty, who did?


  They didn’t want him in power. They feared him. Desired what he could offer him. Desired to not 
  
    die.
  


  But Voldemort… oh he 
  
    definitely
  
   deserved to die. And he would, she’d make sure of it. It was only a matter of time.


  A small grin made its way to her cheeks and she felt her body relax.


  
    Now. Now, it’s my turn.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: daddy issues - sophia gonzo
  


  
    {September 1999 - one month pregnant
  


  Draco had seen, heard, and experienced 
  
    many 
  
  unsettling things in his lifetime, all of which he had no desire to reflect on.


  Despite all those dreadful, nightmarish, 
  
    unspeakable
  
   things, the look on Hermione’s face when he awoke somehow managed to top them all.


  She hadn’t moved, her gaze directed at the ceiling as if she weren’t even herself any longer. It was shockingly calm and cryptic, the slight uptick in her brows the only outward sign of what was going on in that big brain of hers— she was calculating.


  It wasn’t the look of fear, of ‘how can I save my life?’, or even one of pondering Hogwarts’s former glory.


  Instead, her eyes were numb with a slight glittering. 


  One that promised… Pain. Suffering. Retribution.


  One that had forgotten any empathy, any caring or concerns. 


  It was ruthless, with reason of course, but Draco didn’t know what to make of an entirely ruthless Hermione Granger.


  “Good morning my love,” Draco whispered against her neck, running his fingertips against the curls at the nape of her neck.


  She nodded slightly.


  “Um...Hermione?”


  Her gaze didn’t waver. “He infiltrated my body. Your mind 
  
    and
  
   body.”


  Draco exhaled shakily, unsure where this was going. He was torn between pride for his strong witch, and worry for her wellbeing and state of mind.


  “I’ve put up with many things. Everyone has.” Hermione grinned without teeth and began stroking Draco’s back. “This crossed a line.  
  
    The
  
   line.”


  “Hermione…” Draco whispered, but stopped when she finally turned to him, giving a soft smile of affection.


  “I’ll take care of it.” She placed a delicate kiss against his forehead before crawling out of bed and disappearing into the bathroom.


  
    Take care of it? How is she so...so calm? Is she...what’s…
  


  His thoughts ran laps and never found a finish line.


  <>


  TW//brief mention of suicide


  A/N: you’re going to find Hermione’s lack of severe reaction strange...it’ll all make sense later. I’m asking you to trust me, lol.


  Hermione ran through her options in the shower, washing her annoyance with the situation.


  Sure, she could threaten suicide. That would make Voldemort panic and 
  
    wouldn’t
  
   require him knowing what she knew. In his mind, she would only ‘find out’ she was pregnant.


  But she didn’t actually want to kill herself. Plus she found the whole ordeal to be a rather 
  
    weak
  
   way out… and she was anything but weak. 


  Voldemort wouldn’t suffer like he needed to. Like she 
  
    needed
  
   him to.


  She considered something simple— destroying the diadem and ultimately making Voldemort vulnerable. After all, Harry was dead, and then all she’d need to do is take out the snake, and then take out Voldemort.


  
    You have to be even darker than that which you seek to overcome, 
  
  she reminded herself.


  The more she pondered it, the more she felt that such a theatrical monster deserved a theatrical death as well.


  And so her plan came to be. The problem was that, unfortunately, she couldn’t do it all on her own. Even her love’s help would make it all a risk. She’d need to recruit more to her side which involved something she dearly despised and struggled with— trust.


  Surely Draco’s parents would side with them after discovering what had happened, right? Should she tell them all the details? He couldn’t, but she would be able to…


  And what of Theo? Was Snape an option? He seemed to be on Theo’s side, and Theo seemed to be on her’s. Or, at the very least, on Draco’s.


  The only one she truly trusted with everything at that point was Draco, so she decided to consult him. He had her best interest at heart, right? 
  
    Their
  
   best interest.


  And it was undoubtedly in 
  
    their
  
   best interest to kill Voldemort.


  The timing of Draco hesitantly entering the bathroom was perfect, so she encouraged him to join her and held out her hand.


  “Hermione…” he trailed off as he undressed and stepped into the shower with her.


  Instead of answering his hesitation, she devoured it with a searing kiss, finding contentment only when the steam filling the room was less from the shower, and more from them.


  <>


  
    song: mount everest - labrinth
  


  The lack of security on the Shrieking Shack was astounding and borderline laughable, but Hermione was grateful for it. The entire house, as decrepit as it may be, had gone entirely overlooked and ignored. Voldemort may have been clever, but he wasn’t quite attentive to detail.


  It made the perfect meeting place for her, Draco, Narcissa, Lucius, and Theo.


  Narcissa sat at a rickety table with a concerned look on her face next to Hermione. Draco paced nervously while Theo rolled his eyes and took a seat at the table as well. Meanwhile, Lucius stood a few feet behind his wife, his arms skeptically crossed.


  “Draco, what in Merlin’s—” Lucius began before Hermione cut him off.


  “I’m the one with the plan. Stop pestering your son. It’s quite misogynistic of you to assume he’s in charge, don’t you agree?” Hermione shot him a sickly-sweet smile to which he scowled. The familiarity of it made her chuckle and remember the git Draco used to be. It was clear where he got it from.


  “I have no patience for pleasantries at this point,” Hermione began, “Voldemort needs to die.”


  Several things happened at once— Lucius’s cane dropped to the floor with a loud thud, Narcissa gasped, Draco’s eyes snapped to Hermione’s as they filled with panic, and Theo chuckled.


  “For those who don’t know, Draco and I are together,” she continued, and Lucius seemed to be the only surprised party. She went on before he could protest.


  “I’m pregnant. It was forced by Voldemort, and neither of us are at fault. I must also add that no one is supposed to know this, but I figured you may need a little push.”


  Draco looked nauseous, Narcissa went pale, Theo grimaced, and Lucius went red in the face.


  “Oh my dear, are you alright?” Narcissa asked Hermione. She turned to face her son and asked the same. She looked panicked in the way that a mother was when she could do nothing about such a situation.


  “Mrs. Malfoy, I appreciate your concern but please, we have time to worry about this later, but not lots of it. The point is, Voldemort needs to die. We have to do it. We have to kill him.”


  “This can’t be true!” Lucius shouted as he bent to pick up his cane, shaking his long blond locks out of the way. “It’s preposterous that you’d suggest an 
  
    assassination attempt
  
   for—”


  “Oh save your loyalty 
  
    bullshit
  
  ,” Hermione stood and slammed her hands on the table. “Feel free to check if you don’t believe it. Ask Draco, he’s just as traumatized as I am if not more! You’ve made him suffer enough and it’s time you 
  
    man up
  
   and make a decision. Regardless of your blood purity beliefs, it’s time to decide whose side you're on. Your loved ones, or a sadistic overlord.”


  Lucius ground his teeth together and turned to his son who nodded meekly, still looking as if he were holding in the contents of his stomach. It made Hermione sick seeing him this way, and she knew she was pushing it, but she needed him here— needed his support in this.


  “It’s true,” Theo finally spoke up, and thankfully, he left out the details of Voldemort’s joint parentage in the pregnancy. He was a clever wizard who caught on quickly, and Hermione’s trust in him grew.


  “Lucius,” Narcissa added, “this isn’t a question and you know it. For 
  
    once
  
   in your life put your pride away before it blinds you of the circumstances!”


  The eldest Malfoy shook his head, rolling his tongue along his cheek before huffing like a child. “And how exactly do you, 
  
    a muggleborn
  
  , plan to make this happen.”


  Hermione knew she could shut his mouth by explaining her true parentage, but quite frankly, he didn’t deserve that information.


  She grinned. “Good to see we’re all in agreement then.”


  Midway through explaining her plan, Snape strode in with his robes billowing behind him. Hermione shot Theo a look of question and he nodded in turn.


  “Wonderful of you to join us, 
  
    Severus
  
  ,” she practically spat.


  The dark-haired wizard rolled his eyes. “What idiotic idea have you cooked up now, Miss Granger?”


  Hermione gave a humorless laugh. “My best one yet.”


  She backtracked, recounting details of the plan once more but decided to leave out the pregnancy bit, and much to her shock, Snape was the first to jump in. It seemed that he had been ready to kill Voldemort for some time by then.


  “Obvious flaws aside, who is going to do each thing? It’s a risk. We’ve got Death Eaters, the General, Professors, and the 
  
    Headmistress
  
   of the SSDA. 
  
    Do
  
   explain how you see this going down.”


  Snape was growing insufferable, despite the fact that he seemed the most eager. And even then, he appeared to be fighting his own urgency, as if trying not to reveal too much or be too obvious.


  “Your lack of faith in me is understandable, but 
  
    unwarranted
  
   all the same. Believe me when I say I have plenty of reason and desire to end this disgusting excuse of a man.” Hermione clenched her fists angrily.


  At some point Draco had made his way behind her chair and was drawing circles on the top of her back, which was a welcome and soothing sensation from the stress of it all.


  “I’ll assume your lack of detail means 
  
    you
  
   are in possession of the diadem.”


  Hermione narrowed her eyes but nodded slightly at Snape.


  “That still leaves the snake,” he responded dryly.


  “
  
    Clearly
  
  ,” she responded, clenching her jaw.


  “Right then. I’ll take that on, I suppose. However, Dumbledore’s cryptic tendencies have left me without the tools I need to destroy a 
  
    horcrux
  
  .”


  Hermione rolled her eyes. “I’m a thorough witch, despite your doubt. I’ll get you the tools you need for it.”


  He nodded slowly for a moment and appeared to ponder it all. The rest of the table had been painfully silent ever since Hermione finished explaining her plan.


  “When exactly do you plan to do this?” Snape tilted his chin up.


  Hermione grinned sweetly, crossing her arms and leaning back in her chair. She finally felt at ease, because it was going to happen. Voldemort was going to get what he deserved.


  “One month from today.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: O Children - Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds
  

  
    {TIME JUMP: May 1998 - after the Battle of Hogwarts
  

  I’m dead. I’m… 
  
    am I?
  

  
    Is this all happening inside my head… or is it real?
  

  Everything was painfully bright; the white light so blinding he couldn’t bear to open his eyes. He squinted, gritting his teeth together, before it all faded.

  There was an aching that resonated in the marrow of his bones; the scent of iron and soil flooding his senses.

  And then Harry’s eyes shot open.

  
    I’m alive. Ron is dead. Hermione is… she’s...
  

  Betrayal. Hatred. Hurt. Loathing.

  Unbridled confusion and fury overtook it all, but his body didn’t seem to respond.

  
    Traitor. How could she? I’m… I’m alive. Oh Godric, where the fuck am I?
  

  With shaking limbs, he pushed off of the uneven ground to take in his surroundings. 

  Only to realize that he was lying atop a 
  
    mountain 
  
  of bodies.

  Witches and wizards from both sides of the battle were tossed together in a heap, as if they weren’t 
  
    people
  
  . Human beings with families, lives, and souls.

  Nausea overwhelmed him, his stomach lurching viciously, but he inhaled sharply at the sound of voices quickly approaching.

  His empty wand hand twitched with unease as he scrambled up from the bodies, right as he realized just whose voice it was. 
  
    Bellatrix.
  

  “Just 
  
    burn
  
   the bodies, won’t you? A simple 
  
    incendio
  
   would do it, Yaxley. Gods help me, it isn't that bloody 
  
    difficult!
  
  ” Her voice carried through the trees which obscured Harry; the sound a shrill mixture of excitement and disgust.

  “But Harry sodding 
  
    Potter
  
   is somewhere in that stack! Isn’t that, I mean— after all these years we just burn him with the rest?” Yaxley sounded genuinely afraid of the witch, which might be the smartest thing about him She was a sociopath at best, and even that was putting it rather lightly.

  “He isn’t worth all the fucking sickles in the wizarding world! Now burn them… burn them all. I don’t have time for such mundane tasks. Some of us have 
  
    value
  
   to the Dark Lord!” The woman was cackling then, speaking of burning dead bodies as if she were requesting that Yaxley mop the floors in her home.

  Harry lowered himself to the ground, taking slow steps backwards and cringing with each crunch of bone and flesh beneath his feet.

  Bellatrix’s silhouette disappeared into the early morning light as she turned and walked back towards the smoldering shell of Hogwarts. Meanwhile, Yaxley continued towards the mountain of bodies, mumbling curses beneath his breath that were surely aimed at the wretched woman.

  Harry’s heart thundered in his chest as he moved as quietly as he could manage.

  His pounding heartbeat faltered when a hand wrapped tightly around his arm and yanked him backwards, another hand covering his mouth.

  He was pulled behind a tree and through the crack in his glasses, he found Severus Snape staring back at him. His former professor held a finger to his lips to insist he stay quiet, and he slowly removed his opposite hand from covering Harry’s mouth.

  All at once, it dawned on him that Snape was the only person in the world who knew he was still alive. Possibly the only person in the world truly left on his side. He couldn’t help but be suspicious and yet — why would Snape find and protect him? How had he known that Harry would survive?

  None of it made sense.

  But then again, the world clearly stopped making sense a long, 
  
    long
  
   time ago.

  <>

  It took Harry a few months to grow accustomed to the fact that not only was Snape housing him in Grimmauld Place, but he was living there himself as well. 

  Apparently, none of the remaining Black descendants had any interest in their ‘soiled’ family home. Not after the history with Sirius, the Order, and Harry himself having spent so much time there.

  Technically, it would’ve gone to Narcissa or Bellatrix, but when they refused it, Snape quickly claimed it and insisted he wanted a place of solitude.

  It was the perfect place to hide Harry, which seemed to be part of Snape’s plan all along. The man was exceedingly cryptic about what he’d known, for the most part.

  He did inform Harry that he was one of Voldemort’s horcruxes, although he was never intended to be one. The perk of this was that Voldemort had no knowledge of it, so he wouldn’t be aware that Harry wasn’t killed by his curse.

  What this implied, though, was that there was another horcrux still out there. Nagini was still alive, they knew, but what of the diadem?

  Harry held a sneaking suspicion that Hermione didn’t destroy it. After all, how could he ever trust her again? She was as vile as the rest of the Death Eaters. She 
  
    was
  
   a Death Eater. Just how long had she been one?

  That was the kind of information Snape wouldn’t reveal. As Harry spent months upon months locked in Grimmauld Place, his own anger fueled him.

  
    Fuck
  
   Hermione. 
  
    Fuck 
  
  Voldemort. 
  
    I’m going to kill them both.
  

  These thoughts ran through his mind as he would sprint up and down the stairs, do pull-ups on the door frames, and as he did push-ups until his arms gave out.

  He developed a routine of this— training and steaming in his own fury. Counting the passing days with exercise, he’d pester Snape with questions each time the man was back.

  Harry felt that he was losing his own humanity. He missed Ron. He missed Ginny. He even missed Hermione. But that was the problem.

  He missed the Hermione he 
  
    thought
  
   he knew. But she didn’t exist… maybe she never really did.

  By the time September of 1999 came around, he felt like nothing more than a shell of his former self.

  All he wanted was to end this. End Hermione. End Voldemort. End the horrendous, dystopian regime running their world and make things right.

  But once a year and four months since his “death” had passed, he couldn’t even think that far ahead.

  He still wore his broken glasses as a reminder of this shattered, 
  
    bitter
  
   world.

  He trained every day until he had to raid the extra clothes around the house to find something that fit him.

  He didn’t cut his hair, and the front strands reached long enough that he could tuck them behind his ears.

  He couldn’t be bothered to shave more than once a week either. But the scruff no longer bothered him. If anything, a bare face felt too close to the ignorant youth he once knew, and so he loathed it.

  His scar didn’t hurt anymore because, as Snape explained, his connection to Voldemort had been severed.

  Eventually, he stopped asking Snape so many questions, and he calmed enough that they barely spoke if at all. At least, that’s how it had been until Snape came in one day, informing him of the plan that was being put in place.

  And he saw red.

  “I’m going.” His voice was calm and even, despite his excited thoughts,

  “You are 
  
    not
  
  . You didn’t make it this far to do something so 
  
    foolish.
  
   I won’t do this to your mother, not after the sacrifice she made, which has now saved you 
  
    twice.
  
  ” Snape rose to his feet, pushing his chair back from the dinner table.

  “Well you should’ve thought about that before informing me that Ginny is 
  
    alive
  
  ! I 
  
    know
  
   she’ll rush into that. Besides, I’m not missing my chance to kill Voldemort!”

  Snape slammed his fists on the table, his face contorting with frustration. “Don’t you see, you foolish boy? Miss Granger is going to do it, and I’ve volunteered to help. The last thing 
  
    anyone
  
   needs is the shock of a presumed-to-be-dead, Harry 
  
    fucking
  
   Potter showing up!”

  “Yeah? They’ll get over it.” Harry’s response was short and clipped, like he meant for it to be the final say.

  “I’m not letting you get yourself killed!” Snape shouted.

  “I won’t. I’m killing Voldemort, and then I’m killing Hermione. She doesn’t 
  
    get
  
   another chance. I don’t care what she’s been through, she doesn’t deserve to kill that bastard— 
  
    I do!
  
  ”

  And with that, Harry turned and stormed straight out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind him.

  Snape sighed, falling back into the chair, and took a sip of his bitter wine, muttering to himself, “These Gryffindors are going to be the death of me.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: make you feel my love - sleeping at last
  

  
    {PRESENT: September 1999
  

  It was an odd feeling— planning the death of Voldemort. A psychopath. A mad man. A cruel, despicable, and twisted excuse for a wizard. But it had to be done.

  Draco trusted Hermione fully, and was proud to call such a strong witch his own.

  And the fact that he was more concerned with how she was dealing with the weight of it all 
  
    over
  
   their planned and complicated assassination of the Dark Lord… It was a testament to his love for her.

  How was she doing it? Moving on so quickly from a trauma like that should have been impossible. It didn’t make sense, and Draco feared for her.

  When he’d bring it up, she didn’t want to talk, and so, he wouldn’t force it.

  But it wasn’t just the lack of discussion or opening up to him that caused concern. She seemed different; colder, harder, as if her heart had frozen over in its battle not to shatter.

  But she was resolute in her plan for retribution.

  Draco understood why, truly, but didn’t they have time? Didn’t she 
  
    need
  
   time to heal and recover? At least somewhat?

  Charging into battle with life-threatening wounds would be foolish, but she seemed to have mended her own wounds already. Or at least, sewn shut an infected injury.

  What was he to do in such a situation, with someone he held so dearly? Force her to open up? Give her space? It was uncharted territory.

  Support is tricky to give when you’re not certain what would prevent the person from falling.

  He dissociated often— forgetting what he was doing, where he was, and even 
  
    who
  
   he was.

  His own mother walked in on him in his office while in this state. It wasn’t until she shook him by the shoulders that his body jerked and he gasped for air, as if he hadn’t even been breathing.

  He was shouldering both his trauma and Hermione’s, as well as guilt for what happened, despite the fact that it wasn’t his to bear.

  “What’s wrong, little dragon?” Narcissa asked, stroking sweat-dampened hair away from Draco’s forehead.

  He lightly swatted her away, leaning over his desk. “Mother, please.”

  “You’ll always be my little dragon. Please, talk to me?”

  “I’ve been taller than you since fifth year,” he responded, ignoring her question.

  Narcissa sighed, wringing her hands together with her eyes lost in thought.

  “I’m sorry…” Draco started, “I’m… it’s…”

  “I know,” Narcissa said, nodding softly. “If you don’t feel like talking, may I?”

  His eyes finally met hers, and it was almost his breaking point. His mother’s innocent, blue eyes, with oceans of empathy and kindness so hidden beneath the mask of a Malfoy wife; a Death Eater’s wife.

  She leaned against his desk, glancing around the barren walls in his office, and took one of his hands between hers.

  “I’ll never forget the joy I felt when you came into this world.” The woman smiled softly. “White-haired and wailing, untouched by the darkness that plagued our family— plagued Lucius.”

  Draco’s chest felt pinched as he thought of his mother’s miscarriage and lost augury, as well as the sibling he may have had.

  She rolled his left sleeve up to reveal his mark, taking a moment to look it over as she shook her head sadly.

  “Though sometimes I wish I hadn’t. Maybe it’s my fault. You were born into this; never had any other choice.”

  “Mother, please.” Draco stood from his chair, looking down at the woman. “None of this is your fault. You gave me 
  
    life
  
  . Whatever decisions I made afterwards, mistakes and sins, they are mine to carry.”

  When she finally met his gaze, her eyes were glassy, like moonlight reflecting over the sea.

  “What are you going to do?” She whispered, softly.

  “Whatever she needs,” he responded simply and without thought.

  “And what of your child?”

  Draco clenched his teeth, his stomach rolling. Her child. His child. 
  
    Voldemort’s
  
   child. He’d finally gotten used to the lack of nausea, but it was back again now.

  He closed his eyes and inhaled sharply, “I’ll be whatever they need as well. I just want to live without fear for you, Father, Hermione…”

  “In spite of it all, it baffles me how you’ve turned into who you are today. Kind, caring, everything I could’ve hoped for.” Narcissa smiled sadly, wiping tears away from her cheeks.

  “I wouldn’t be who I am without you,” he responded, pulling her into a tight hug.

  Narcissa sobbed quietly, her body shaking in her son’s hold. “I love you, my little dragon. You make me so proud.”

  And that was his breaking point. “I love you too, Mum,” he whispered, as if he was the fearful child all over again, afraid to call her “Mum” where his Father could hear.

  Lucius always told him it was disrespectful, and she was his “Mother”. But it felt too formal and detached.

  And deep down, he would always be her little dragon.

  <>

  
    song: lose it - oh wonder
  

  
    {September 1999
  

  Two weeks before their planned attack date, Draco decided that avoiding it all simply wouldn’t do.

  For weeks he’d come to her room, she’d tried to initiate sex, he’d denied it, and they’d simply sleep.

  Well, Draco slept. He wasn’t sure the same was true for Hermione.

  She was quiet and seemed to be in a constant calculating state. It worried him, but when was he not worried about her these days?

  And now, with the added pressure and her determination to kill Voldemort, something had to give.

  “Hermione,” he said, calling her from her thoughts as he entered her room. She’d been engrossed in a textbook; one of many that were stacked all over her desk.

  “Hm?” She turned in her seat to face him.

  “We need to…” Draco began.

  “We don’t need to talk,” she responded, turning back to her book.

  “No, Hermione. We 
  
    do
  
   need to talk. You act like nothing happened. Like you’re driven by this plan, alone.”

  She sighed, rubbing her hands over her face, closed the book and then stood to cross the room. “And what if I am?” She asked, stopping in front of him and folding her arms.

  “People could get hurt. 
  
    You
  
   could get hurt, Hermione. Don’t you get that!?” He took her shoulders and shook her. Maybe 
  
    this
  
   was Draco’s breaking point.

  “I’ll do whatever it takes to end this,” she said calmly.

  “You’re not okay, Hermione. Bloody hell, 
  
    I’m
  
   not okay. 
  
    We
  
   are not okay, and you can’t just pretend that we are. You try to initiate things as if you weren’t sexually assaulted by… by me!” He gagged, tears forming in his eyes.

  She placed a hand softly against his cheek, her brows furrowing. “It wasn’t you. 
  
    You
  
   didn’t do this to me— to us.”

  He shook his head shamefully.

  “So what is the problem with me wanting to end the wizard who 
  
    did
  
   do this to us? Why is 
  
    that
  
   not okay?” Hermione’s voice was growing heated with frustration.

  “It won’t fix the problem, Hermione!” Draco finally shouted, pulling at his hair so roughly that his scalp ached.

  “He’s the problem. So yes, it will fix the problem, 
  
    actually
  
  .”

  “You’re pregnant with 
  
    his
  
   child— a sadistic, psychopathic dark wizard. How exactly do you see that going?”

  She scowled. “It’s also yours. 
  
    That
  
   is what I’m focusing on. It may have some of his DNA, but this child is 
  
    ours
  
   and he will never have 
  
    anything
  
   to do with it!”

  “Gods, Hermione, that’s not what I—” he started, but she held up a hand to stop him.

  “Why won’t you touch me?” She asked without looking at him.

  “I thought you’d need space, that you wouldn’t want…”

  Hermione finally snapped, flaming brown eyes glaring into his. “Of course I do! I want to feel close to you— 
  
    you
  
   Draco. I want to feel 
  
    you
  
  . Because all I have as of right now is the memory of your body against mine when it 
  
    wasn’t
  
   you.”

  He exhaled shakily, his mind reversing all its previous thought processes. “I’m so sorry… You were so distant and I thought you’d… You were so quiet.”

  “Because I don’t need to talk.” She responded. “My brain is active enough on its own. Believe me, I have processed what happened countless times, and I don’t need more of it. I need you.”

  He took a step closer, looking over her face and counting the freckles on her skin the way he used to. He missed that simple comfort. Brushing his thumbs against her cheeks, he tilted his forehead against hers and closed his eyes.

  “I’m so sorry,” he choked, fighting back tears.

  “Just kiss me. Please. This is what I need. 
  
    You
  
   are what I need.”

  He brushed his lips against hers for the first time in what felt like years, and sparks erupted.

  “I love you, Hermione. I’ll do whatever it takes. This life is ours, and he won’t have any say in it ever again. I 
  
    swear
  
  .”

  She kissed him softly, and then pulled back to meet his eyes. “I know. I love you too. Everything I’m doing is for us. Do you trust me?”

  He nodded vehemently.

  “I’ve done the research,” she said, and Draco chuckled.

  “That’s the Hermione I know,” he returned with a soft grin.

  “This baby...magical pregnancies enhance power, Draco. I know I won’t fail. As long as I have you, I’ll succeed, I know it.”

  “You’ll always have me,” he said breathily, and then kissed her until his lungs were empty. “Always.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: waiting game - BANKS
  


  
    {October 1999
  


  Following the Azkaban coup, combined with  Voldemort’s blatant and continued ignorance of precisely 
  
    who
  
   was managing the wizarding prison, their group had lost count of how many lives they’d saved since August.


  Cormac had remained placed under the 
  
    imperius
  
   curse, intercepting prisoners and pretending to escort them into Azkaban until the Death Eaters who brought them had left.


  As a result, Theo, Blaise, Ginny, and Cho were rescuing prisoners multiple times a week. It was a relatively small effort, just the four of them with Cormac’s involuntary assistance, but even on a small scale, it was making a difference. They were saving lives — they were 
  
    helping
  
  . Even if there hadn’t been very much good left in their world for quite a bit of time now, the four of them were doing their best to create it.


  By October, their rescues had become less of a stressor and more of a routine.


  But something new had begun to gnaw at Theo; clawing at his insides until he couldn’t hold it in any longer.


  “You alright, love?” Blaise’s voice was smooth, easing some of the tension in Theo’s head that had been lingering for the last three weeks. 


  “Yeah, just thinking is all…” Theo responded, rubbing his eyes with the palms of his hands.


  Blaise reached out, taking Theo’s hands. “Don’t lie to me.”


  Theo clenched his jaw, struggling to even face his boyfriend. “I’m not,” he finally responded after a few moments of silence.


  “Then tell me what you’re thinking.”


  The green-eyed wizard was silent, shutting his eyes momentarily as he struggled to think despite the raging headache that was quickly building in his temples once more.


  “Please,” Blaise whispered, turning Theo’s chin towards him. “I’m here for you, if you’ll let me be.”


  Theo choked back tears. Fear and indecision combined with months of sneaking around behind the Dark Lord’s back were becoming too much for the young General.


  “Blaise,” he said, eyes squeezed shut. “I’m… I’m afraid.”


  “Afraid of what?” Blaise tilted his head lower to meet Theo’s eyes with his own warm and comforting ones.


  “Granger, she’s… She’s planning to… And I’m involved… ” The words escaped from him in fragments as he struggled to find a way to explain.


  “Take your time, Theo. Just breathe,” Blaise soothed, rubbing circles with his thumbs against his lover’s hands.


  “She’s going to kill him. 
  
    We
  
   are going to kill him. She’s got a plan— 
  
    Gods
  
  , it’s happening a week from today, too.” Theo’s eyes were glazed over as he stared at some unseen point in the distance; his mouth slightly agape as the secrets 
  
    finally 
  
  fell from his lips. 


  Blaise sat back in his chair, a look of shock on his face.


  Deafening silence echoed through the room for one minute, and then two, before Blaise calmly said, “You’ve gone bloody mad if you think we’re letting you go alone.”


  “I won’t be alone,” Theo snapped, standing from his chair as he began to pace. “But you three can’t be involved. It’s too dangerous.”


  “And what else is new? It’s dangerous to even be 
  
    alive
  
   in the state of all this! Hell, Theo, we break prisoners out of an impenetrable prison 
  
    weekly
  
  .”


  “This is another 
  
    level
  
   of danger, Blaise. An assassination attempt? She could fail. I— 
  
    We
  
   could fail.”


  Blaise stood to face his boyfriend, a stoic look on his face as he leaned against  the kitchen table with his arms crossed. “Who exactly is ‘we’?”


  Theo ran a hand through his hair fretfully. He sighed, biting his lip in hesitation before he explained in a quiet voice, “Me, Draco, fucking 
  
    both
  
   of his parents, Granger, Snape—”


  “Not enough,” Blaise interrupted him. “There’s strength in numbers and six people aren’t enough to take down a fucking Dark Lord!” He took a steadying breath before growling, “Besides, I thought we were a team. If you’re there, I am too. And there’s no point in lying to Ginny or Cho — you know they’ll insist on being there too.” 


  “No, Blaise!” Theo shouted, veins bulging from his neck as his face turned crimson.


  “This,” Blaise gestured frantically between them, “is not me asking your permission. And,” he hissed, his patience almost entirely gone, “if you don’t tell the girls, then I 
  
    will
  
  .”

 

  Theo stared at the other man silently for a moment before slamming his hands down on the table with a groan. “
  
    Goddamnit
  
  , Blaise. I’m so fucked for letting you get involved.”


  Blaise chuckled darkly, “As if we aren’t already.”


  <>


  
    song: a little wicked - valerie broussard
  


  “Are you nervous?” Draco’s voice drew Hermione from her thoughts.


  “Not at all,” she said flatly, perfectly content with silence.


  Only a week remained until their plan would be put into action.mShe had the diadem and could easily get a basilisk fang from the Chamber of Secrets to destroy it. The main obstacle would be 
  
    actually 
  
  taking down Voldemort.


  “Shouldn’t you be?” Draco asked, clearly anxious as he tapped his fingers against the top of her hand. He’d been fidgety for the past month, and distant until she’d finally crossed the divide that had seemed to develop between them.


  She’d felt so alone— abandoned, almost. He had refused to touch her, only wanting to talk, and that was the 
  
    last
  
   thing she needed.


  Hermione’s mind was loud enough for the two of them, the conversation wasn’t necessary, but physical support 
  
    was
  
  .


  All she truly needed was Draco, and so long as she had him, she was confident in her plan.


  “Hermione, so many things could go wrong. I just think that—”


  “Draco! No one does more thinking than me, alright? 
  
    No one.
  
   Can’t you just be confident in me, please?”


  “You speak as if planning to kill the most powerful Dark Wizard is as casual as making a trip to the library!” Draco was shouting, but only because Hermione had done so first. He clenched his fists, his nails digging into his palms.


  “Maybe it is,” Hermione huffed and got out of bed, making her way to her desk. It was still stacked so high with textbooks that it surpassed her own height.


  “It 
  
    isn’t
  
  ! Have you lost your mind?”


  “How 
  
    dare
  
   you!” Hermione turned sharply, her curls whipping behind her back. “The only thing I’ve 
  
    lost
  
   is my own freedom. My own 
  
    body
  
  . Nothing is mine, except you, Draco. You’re all I have…”


  Draco was silent, his heart pounding, his emotions torn between empathy and frustration for the witch he loved.


  “Maybe what I’ve lost is the ability to care about the consequences…” Hermione’s voice was barely a whisper, “I’m going to kill him, no matter what it takes.”


  “I know. I 
  
    know
  
  ,” Draco stepped forward, pulling her into a hug. “I have faith in you, but so many things could go wrong, you know?”


  “I know,” she responded tiredly, resting her head against his chest. “I just don’t want that monster controlling our lives anymore.”


  “Neither do I, love.”


  He could feel a small bump from her stomach against his abdomen. Their baby. His baby. 
  
    Voldemort’s
  
   baby. His stomach lurched.


  Hermione pulled back, raising slightly on her toes to kiss him. “My plan is thorough, I know what I’m doing. Do you trust me?”


  “Of course I do,” he sighed, wrapping his arms around her. 


  “We’re in this together?”


  “Yes.”


  “I love you, Draco. And one week from today, we’ll all be free.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    song: holding out for a hero - nothing but thieves
  

  
    {October 1999
  

  Hermione lied.

  Because 
  
    of course
  
   she was nervous. 
  
    Of course
  
   she was afraid. And 
  
    of course
  
   everything could go wrong.

  But there was one thing getting her through it all. The one thing she had left to fight for.

  
    Draco will get me through this. He’s mine. I’m his. We’ll get through this together.
  

  She repeated the mantra in her head as she retrieved the diadem from it’s hiding spot.

  She repeated it over and over again as she secured a few basilisk fangs for herself, Draco, and the others who were lying in wait.

  She repeated it as she made her way to Voldemort’s lair, took a bold seat on his throne with her legs across the side, rolled her sleeve up, and touched the scar-covered Dark Mark on her left forearm.

  <>

  The instructions were clear. They’d been over the plans so many times that they were practically tattooed in their brains.

  Once everyone was in place, Hermione would call upon the Dark Lord. Snape would attack Nagini — the second-to-last Horcrux — and kill her with a basilisk fang.

  “The timing is 
  
    vital
  
  ,” the curly-haired witch emphasized, her eyes heavy with a murderous gaze.

  “Yes, I 
  
    know
  
  , Miss Granger.” Snape rolled his eyes, snatching the fang from her grasp.

  “But do you 
  
    understand?
  
   The snake has to be killed first, or the entire thing goes up in flames, 
  
    Severus
  
  ,” she practically hissed with impatience, the stress of the situation seeping through her careful façade.

  “Yes, I 
  
    understand
  
  ,” the dark-haired wizard bit back as the rest of their group quietly watched the interaction.

  Afterwards, she’d turned away from the Potions Master with a huff, brunette locks whipping in her wake as she strode away purposefully. 

  Careful to hide in very specific alcoves of the castle, Draco, Lucius, Narcissa, and Theo took to their assigned posts.

  
    “The Dark Lord likes to make entrances…” Hermione trailed off.
  

  
    Lucius rolled his eyes arrogantly, scoffing to reinforce his impatience. “Get to the point.”
  

  
    Hermione had whirled towards him and with her wand tip at his throat before he’d even finished his sentence.
  

  
    “There’s a point to 
  
  
    everything
  
  
     I say, Lucius. Make no mistake.”
  

  
    Draco had looked concerned at first; Hermione could see it out of the corner of her eye. But it was only for a moment before he smirked, holding back a laugh at his bold witch.
  

  
    “What’s happened to her?” Lucius asked his son as Hermione continued on with her briefing.
  

  
    “More than you could even comprehend,” Draco responded simply.
  

  
    She instructed them to let Voldemort make his way down the halls without obstruction, but to snatch the snake without him noticing (potentially the most difficult part).
  

  
    “Once he enters his lair and figures out what’s going on, the other Death Eaters won’t be far behind.”
  

  Their job was to withhold them— 
  
    kill
  
   them. To do whatever it took.

  The only sign that Hermione had made the official call to battle was the eerie 
  
    pitter patter
  
   of bare feet making their way down the halls where they were hidden, and the subsequent slithering of a snake.

  <>

  
    song: paint it, black - ciara
  

  
    Thump-thump. Thump-thump. Thump-SLAM.
  

  Hermione’s heart pounded viciously in her ears as she twirled the diadem nonchalantly around one finger when the doors to the throne room opened.

  “What is—”

  “Tom,” Hermione greeted, cutting him off as she slowly turned her head towards the Dark Lord.

  “What do you have there, my dear?” The serpentine wizard asked sarcastically, a subtle grin across his face.

  The grin she gave him was equally as sinister. “Your downfall.”

  <>

  The castle shook violently only moments after the doors had shut behind Voldemort.

  Draco felt sick. Sicker than ever before. 
  
    She’s strong. She can do this. She’s mine. I trust her. I believe in her. She’s the brightest witch of our age. 
  

  Boots thudded down the halls as Death Eaters poured in through the doors. 
  
    No mercy,
  
   Hermione had told him.

  “No mercy…” he exhaled, turning the corner and preparing himself for the first kill.

  “
  
    Fucking Malfoy!”
  
   Came the first voice when Draco made eye contact with the Lestrange brothers.

  A startlingly calm “
  
    Avada Kedavra
  
  ,” was his only response. And again to the other Lestrange brother. And again to the next Death Eater.

  Again, and again, until the Unforgivable felt far too comfortable as it fell unfettered from his lips.

  <>

  “Get out! 
  
    Fuck
  
  , Blaise, 
  
    please!
  
  ” Theo shouted as he dodged, disarmed, and attacked the Death Eaters.

  Ginny, Cho, and Blaise stood by him, creating a circle of defense in the open area of the castle that Theo was assigned. 
  
    The fucking entrance, of all places.
  

  “This isn’t the time, Theo— 
  
    Obliviate!
  
  ” Cho shouted with her wand aimed at a rapidly approaching Death Eater.

  “Godric, Cho, pick another spell!” Ginny said from Cho’s side.

  “I’m panicking, alright? That’s all I can think of!” The Ravenclaw responded, out of breath.

  “
  
    Sectumsempra! Petrificus Totalus! Crucio!
  
  ” Ginny yelled, shooting off spells as quickly as she could speak the words.

  “Killing them would be more efficient, Ginny!” Blaise shouted at her.

  Ginny’s expression turned cold. “I’m saving that for someone else,” she said darkly.

  “
  
    Leave!
  
  ” Theo repeated, his voice becoming raspy between shooting spells and shouting.

  “In your dreams, love. If you go down, so do I.” Blaise said, quickly casting a shield over the two of them as a killing curse soared their way at a threatening speed.

  <>

  “Downfall?” Voldemort laughed cruelly. “Oh, my dear, how so?”

  “Stop calling me that, you disgusting, fucking perverted, 
  
    monster!
  
  ” Hermione said, rising from the throne and clenching her fists.

  “Calm down, my dear,” Voldemort responded smugly. “What’s got you so fiery, today, hm?”

  “
  
    This
  
  ,” she said, baring her teeth as she pulled her Death Eater robes aside to reveal the slight bump of her stomach.

  Voldemort grinned, looking not at all surprised. “Well, congratulations my—”

  “
  
    Silencio
  
  ,” she bit out, casting the wandless charm seamlessly as she let her robes fall back into place. “
  
    You
  
   did this. You 
  
    raped
  
   me. You 
  
    raped
  
   Draco’s mind, using him. You… you…” Hermione struggled to find the words in her overwhelming rage. She took a steadying breath. “And now, you’re going to pay for it. All of it.”

  He waved a careless hand, canceling her charm with a slight scowl. Before he could speak, Hermione raised the diadem again and drew his attention to what she was implying.  

  “Let’s talk my d—” he began, but faltered when she shot him with a threatening glare. “I’ll explain. After everything I’ve done for you, you can afford me that much, yes?”

  <>

  Harry left Grimmauld half an hour after Snape did, content that this was enough time to make the man believe he wouldn’t follow.

  But of course, he would.

  He apparated at the entrance of the new ‘Slytherin School of…’ 
  
    Whatever fucking bullshit Voldemort decided on. 
  

  There weren’t anti-apparition wards around the rebuilt, former Hogwarts, so he had no trouble showing up right at the entrance. Harry could hear the Death Eaters in the castle as he approached.

  
    Probably shouldn’t go in through the main entrance… might cause a commotion,
  
   he thought to himself.

  Instead, he made his way to an older tunnel, and to his luck, it was still there. A pang of familiarity lanced his heart before it shattered once more. 

  Without hesitation, he strode forward into the empty hallway. He could hear shouts and spells from one direction— 
  
    the main entrance
  
  , he concluded. With a hunch, he strode the opposite direction, assuming Voldemort would be the direction the Death Eaters were trying to go.

  He walked at a break-neck pace that should’ve had him winded, but all his working out over those past months had built his stamina. And even if it hadn’t, nothing could’ve stopped him from ending this himself.

  Except Snape struggling with and 
  
    losing
  
   to Nagini.

  He didn’t want to care. If someone had asked, Harry would have assumed that he didn’t have it in his heart to care about the harsh man, but he did. 

  Snape had rescued him. He’d been all Harry had for months now. Without realizing it, Harry had formed an attachment to the wizard.

  Snape caught sight of him, shouting, “No, Potter! Get back! 
  
    Get out!
  
  ”  His dark eyes met Harry’s and the distraction was all the hesitation Nagini needed. 

  “
  
    Snape!
  
  ” Harry screamed, his voice cracking as Nagini went straight for Snape’s throat. There was a terrible gnashing of teeth as the snake made a meal of the wizard, and the basilisk fang in his hand clattered to the ground, catching Harry’s attention.

  Tears filled Harry’s eyes, his lip trembling as the closest thing he’d had to friends or family for over a year slowly stopped breathing.

  He swallowed heavily, his hands shaking as he picked up the fang, walked over to the bloated,  feasting snake, and stabbed it in the back.

  <>

  According to plan, the Death Eaters came in droves towards Draco and his parents. They were spread about twenty feet apart down the hall past the entrance.

  The goal was that the Death Eaters slipping past any of them would get caught by the next person posted, and hopefully be dead before making it to Snape or Hermione.

  Slowly, the waves of Death Eaters began thinning more and more, and the white-haired wizard couldn’t comprehend how Theo was offing so many by himself at the entrance.

  However, he didn’t have much time to ponder it when the voices of two witches cut into his thoughts.

  “Bloody 
  
    traitor! Filthy! Not
  
   my sister, anymore!” Bellatrix’s screeching echoed along the halls.

  “We haven’t been family for years!” Narcissa responded, only returning her sister’s spells with shields and defences. “Not since you chose him over everyone we loved!”

  “Love is weakness you 
  
    fool
  
  . I told you when you married that weak bastard. You were weak then, and you’re weak 
  
    now
  
  .” Bella cackled, shooting wordless killing curses at Draco’s mother, only identifiable by their bright green light.

  “
  
    Avada Keda—
  
  ” Lucius tried, but Bellatrix returned the threat with a quick “
  
    Crucio!”
  

  The man fell to the ground, screaming in agony as Narcissa’s shield faltered.

  “The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black will be better off without you,” Bella grinned, aiming her wand at the now sobbing woman scrambling to help her husband.

  “Mum!” Draco cried, but he was too far away. Regardless of the fact that he was sprinting to her side — his thighs aching and lungs burning for air he wasn’t concerned about — he knew he wouldn’t make it.

  There was a flash of green, and Narcissa collapsed in a lifeless heap. 

  “
  
    MUM!
  
  ” Draco cried again, his feet stumbling to a halt as his entire body filled with pain and emotion.

  “Oh Draco, dearest, have you come to help? I’m just taking out the trash,” his Aunt cackled, sticking her tongue between her decaying teeth.

  Draco dropped to his knees, “Mum,” he whispered, sobs wracking his chest as he reached for her unnaturally still body. 

  “Don’t waste your tears, nephew,” Bellatrix simpered, her boots clicking against the floor as she made her way towards him. She reached down, placing a hand under Draco’s chin. “It’s about time you grew up and stopped letting your emotions—”
“Avada Kedavra!” came a gruff and pained voice from next to Narcissa’s body.
  Bellatrix froze, her gaze unfocused and body stiff as she fell to the floor in a mirror-image of her sister.

  In that moment, Draco’s eyes met his father’s. Lucius trembled violently, holding Narcissa in his arms as he looked upon their son. “Just like your mother…” he choked between sobs. “Always have been, even… even the eyes are… 
  
    were
  
  …”

  <>

  Covered in Nagini’s blood, Harry made his way towards where he was 
  
    certain
  
   that Hermione and Voldemort were.

  He was ready. He’d killed the snake. As long as the diadem was destroyed, he could destroy Voldemort. And then 
  
    Hermione.
  

  A familiar shiver crawled up his neck but he shook it off, pushing the doors open and finding something he didn’t expect, and yet, wasn’t surprised by.

  Hermione stood face to face with Voldemort, the Diadem extended in one hand as Voldemort reached out to grasp it. But what he didn’t see was the basilisk fang she held behind her back, fully prepared to strike.

  
    
  

  Aiming at his former friend, Harry shouted, “
  
    Flipendo!
  
  ” and knocked Hermione backwards with a forceful jolt, her back slamming into the stone wall behind her.

  Voldemort’s jaw hung open, his rotten teeth on display as Harry James Potter faced down his mortal enemy once more.

  <>

  “Go, Draco.” Lucius sobbed, his head against his wife’s stomach as he held her body in his arms.

  “But... I…” Draco hesitated, roughly wiping away tears.

  “
  
    Go!
  
   I wasn’t there when she needed me. Don’t—” his voice shook painfully, “Don’t make the same mistake.”

  His words held weight, and Draco knew he was right. He faltered, his chest aching and his stomach churning at the thought of leaving them here, but it was a lost cause and he knew that.

  Hermione needed him.

  He kneeled down, placed a kiss against his mother’s cold cheek, letting one last tear stray, and whispered, “I’ll always be your little dragon, Mum. 
  
    Always.
  
  ”

  And with that, he stood and sprinted down the hall towards where he knew he could find Hermione and Voldemort. Or so he hoped. 

  He burst through the doors, his chest tight;  the feeling all too familiar from his attempt to reach his mother when his gaze raked over the two wizards fighting and landed on his love.

  Because there she was, crumpled against the wall with blood seeping out around her. 
  
    Far too much
  
   blood.

  Blind to anything or anyone but her, he dashed across the room. 
  
    Don’t make the same mistake
  
  , his father’s voice echoed in his mind

  “Hermione, Hermione talk to me, please, 
  
    fuck!
  
  ” Draco begged, skidding to a stop by her side and taking her face into his hands.

  “The…” she choked, “the Diadem, Draco. The basilisk 
  
    fang
  
  …”

  “Are you okay?” He frantically looked her over, gazing into her eyes with panic filling his own. “You’re bleeding… 
  
    Gods, 
  
  you’re bleeding so much, oh Hermione…”

  “Get—” a cough ripped through her chest and she paused, blood dripping from her lips as she continued, “—the fang. The 
  
    fang
  
  , Draco. End it, 
  
    please!
  
  ”

  He hesitated, looking her over several times before turning to where she pointed weakly, and scrambled for the fang.

  Rushing back to her side, he placed a kiss on her forehead. “I love you, I’m yours, don’t leave me, 
  
    please
  
  ,” he sobbed. “I can’t lose you too.”

  And with one glance towards Harry—
  
    fucking Harry Potter?
  

  He didn’t have time to process it. The seemingly undead Gryffindor was struggling with Voldemort, and Draco knew what he had to do.

  Set in his task, he turned back to Hermione, wrapped her hand around his on the fang, and together, they stabbed it into the diadem.

  Black whirls of smoke erupted around them, followed by an ear-curdling scream, and then silence. The two glanced at Harry and Voldemort, realization overcoming them.

  “This is for them. My mum, my dad, Sirius, fucking 
  
    everyone. Fuck you!
  
  ” Harry shouted.

  Voldemort wobbled on his feet, fear present in his red gaze for the first time.
“Avada Kedavra!” Harry shouted. 
  Voldemort’s body instantly began to disintegrate.

  <>

  At first, Hermione smiled as her vision became hazy. But then, she saw a group of familiar witches and wizards run in behind Harry.

  A redhead— Ginny? And was that Cho? Blaise Zabini? Theo?

  “Harry! Oh— oh Godric, Harry!” a distorted female voice shouted, and the redhead tackled her former friend.

  
    Friend.
  
   That was a funny word, wasn’t it? Hermione didn’t find many things funny anymore.

  “Hermione,” Draco said, shaking her, but everything felt numb. Her body ached, but it was fading, along with all of her senses.

  “
  
    Hermione, please! Don’t do this, don’t leave me
  
  —
  
     I can’t… I’ve already… I love you… please, Hermione…”
  

  The voice was soothing. She held onto it for a moment, letting it reverberate in her ears for a moment. 
  
    I love you too,
  
   she thought as the world faded away.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Or -- if some desert land we meet,

  Where never yet false-hearted men,

  Profaned a world that else were sweet --

  Then rest thee, bark, but not till then.”

  a/n: (important to the story) All facts can be found upon research.

  Sociopaths are often callous, manipulative, arrogant, impulsive, deceptive, and tend to take risks.

  They exhibit lack of empathy, are only focused on benefiting themselves as an end-goal, and tend to justify their wrongdoings.

  While a person can be born a sociopath, you can also become one over time as a form of adaptive behavior. This is typically due to difficult environments.

  Unlike psychopaths, sociopaths do feel emotions and can love. However, they typically love in self-serving situations where they have something to gain like stability or support.

  
    song: burn it all down - league of legends, PVRIS
  

  Hermione survived, but her child didn’t.

  She didn’t seem to care.

  Draco, on the other hand, didn’t know exactly how to feel. A weight should’ve been lifted from his chest with Voldemort’s death and Hermione’s survival but it wasn’t.

  They were free, just as she’d promised.

  
    At any cost,
  
   echoed in his mind. His mother. Through no fault of Hermione’s, his mother had been the cost. And he’d almost lost the love of his life too. 

  Thank 
  
    gods
  
  , Cho, Blaise, and Theo had stayed behind to help. Cho, with her Ravenclaw knowledge and empathy for the situation, had worked with both magic and her hands; whatever she needed to save Hermione.

  Potter and his Weaslette had a 
  
    lovely
  
   reunion, truly. All emotions, public displays of affection, and lack of a single care for Hermione.

  “She’s a traitor. Better dead than here for us to deal with,” Ginny had said as Hermione toed the line between life and death.

  “I only wish I’d been the one to do it. I mean, I 
  
    was
  
  , but now how I intended.” Potter commented bitterly before he swept from the room with his love, leaving Draco to fear for the state of his other half

  But she’d survived. She would be okay, that’s what mattered.

  So why did the loss of the child, 
  
    their
  
   child, despite Voldemort’s… 
  
    contribution
  
   to its genetics, still hurt him? Still leave him feeling empty?

  
    It was a cost.
  

  She still needed proper medical attention, but for the time being, it would do.

  
    {October 2000 - One Year Later
  

  Hermione hadn’t been happy. In fact, Draco wasn’t certain the last time he’d seen her happy, and he’d do anything to give that to her.

  Hadn’t she been through enough? 
  
    Suffered
  
   enough?

  They both had.

  But it wasn’t the rape, the miscarriage, or even her scars that still upset her even a year later.

  It was Potter.

  Potter had gotten the victory that was rightfully hers. Voldemort was 
  
    hers
  
   to kill. 
  
    Her
  
   trophy.
  
     Her 
  
  vindication. 
  
    Her
  
   retribution.

  All those who’d fled the country returned gleefully, eager to see The Boy Who Lived Twice. They cheered for him; loved him more than ever.

  He was their 
  
    savior.
  
   He brought their 
  
    freedom.
  

  Even the papers read, 
  
    “Harry Potter, the infamous, prophesied Boy-Who-Lived, was the only person who could’ve saved us all. And he did. No one deserved to do it more than him, and we look forward to having him as the Minister of our people.”
  

  But Hermione disagreed. And Draco, as madly in love with her as he was, agreed.

  In his eyes, she deserved it. She was the one smart enough to trick some of the greatest leaders of their time. She was the one who plotted the downfall of not one, but two organizations in her young lifetime. 
  
    She
  
   was the one who should lead the Wizarding World, not Potter. 
  
    Especially 
  
  not Potter.

  Draco could see it in her eyes; how she felt about it all. How she felt inside. She would never admit it, but he knew her better than anyone.

  And while they fought often, they loved just as frequently, and neither would have it any other way. Through thick and thin, sickness and health, till death they would part — even without the formal institution of marriage.

  In their minds, hearts, and souls, they were already tied to one another.

  
    Whatever it takes to make her happy. Whatever she needs. I asked her not to leave me, and she didn’t. So I won’t leave her…
  

  Draco could excuse the decisions she’d made and who she’d become. He loved her. She was still his Hermione.

  The fact that she’d become a sociopath somewhere in all her trauma wasn’t necessarily news to him. It was simply confirmed after Voldemort’s final downfall.

  Hermione, Draco, Lucius, Theo, Blaise, and anyone else involved in the uprising and resistance against Voldemort were pardoned before Potter became the Minister, much to the Boy-Who-Refused-to-Die’s dismay.

  If he’d had it his way, she would’ve been burned at the stake like witches of the old days. Something dark, violent, and public; a vicious revenge for the betrayal he felt. Ginny Weasley-Potter agreed. Emphatically.

  It was as if they had no idea that their entire revolution would never have succeeded without her. 

  The couple was  seemingly as tight-knit as Hermione and Draco, especially once the announcement was made that Ginny was pregnant.

  It was the first time Draco saw Hermione’s façade crack; even if it was only slightly.

  She’d insisted she was fine with the miscarriage— thankful for it, even. But the look on her face when she saw the front page of the Daily Prophet… Draco knew.

  
    Merlin
  
  , he’d give her a million babies if that’s what she wanted, but he knew it ran deeper than that.

  She wanted to kill Voldemort. She wanted to be valued for her knowledge. She wanted to be seen without bias for her blood before she knew she wasn't a Muggleborn, but that belief remained, of course.

  And Potter had the audacity, after all that had happened, 
  
    not
  
   to make it his first priority. This infuriated Hermione.

  Most things infuriated Hermione these days.

  So it didn’t matter to him that she had developed these sociopathic tendencies. Draco 
  
    loved
  
   her and he always would. He’d follow her to the ends of the earth and into her very grave, and nothing would make him happier.

  These realizations were on his mind often, but even more so as he stood outside the Weasley-Potter home, waiting for his love.

  It was nighttime;  the quaint town of Godric’s Hollow quiet where they’d built their home upon the ruins of his deceased parents’ home.

  The flash of green-light and fearful scream, followed by a  second flash of green-light were rather drastic in contrast.

  Draco watched through the window as both Harry Potter and his pregnant wife dropped dead at the tip of Hermione’s wand.

  
    That’s my girl
  
  , he thought to himself.

  She walked out of the house calmly, down the front steps, and turned to face the house.

  “Incendio,” she whispered, waving her wand, and the house went up in flames, smoke and heat engulfing the corpses that ended both the Weasley and Potter family lines. 

  She started slightly when she noticed Draco standing behind her, watching..

  Soot covered her face, her curls flying wildly in the cold October air, a dark glint in her eyes.

  She’d never been more beautiful.

  “What are you doing here?”

  He grinned lovingly, appreciating the look of her so bold; so strong and fighting for what she wanted.

  “Going somewhere without me?” He asked instead of answering the question, taking a few steps towards her, the flames reflecting in her eyes in a familiar way.

  “I wouldn’t dream of it,” she responded, pulling him in for a passionate kiss as she buried her fingers in his white-blond hair.

  She’d planned to run, and he’d predicted it.

  
    Because she was his. And he knew his witch.
  

  “I can’t stay here,” she told him, pulling back, brushing her lips against his. The heat of the flames was a strange contrast against the whipping wind.

  “
  
    We
  
   can’t stay here,” he told her. “You didn’t leave me, and so I won’t leave you. We’ll run together.”

  A crooked smirk crossed her lips, and for the first time, an almost serpentine glint in her eye.

  “We’ll run together, then.”

  And so they did.

  They were wanted. They would be killed by Aurors if they were caught, but what did they have to lose?

  He’d do anything and everything for her. And he did.

  He wanted her to be happy. And maybe, she finally was.

  She could be false-hearted, but only in her own best interest. And truly, was there anything wrong with that?

  After everything they’d been through, Draco didn’t think so.

  He held out his hand, and she placed hers inside it, each grasping the other firmly. They smiled, each mouthing ‘
  
    I love you’
  
  , and disapparated, leaving only ashes in their wake.

  
  
  

  