  Kingsley stared at the young boy in front of him. The boy looked so much like James but when asked the boy said he had no idea who the Potters were. Of course Kingsley knew about the lost Potter and how the adult Potters were madly searching for him. But Kingsley knew it was also hope for this child to be the lost Potter, even if the boy was a Potter Kingsley couldn't just kidnap the boy. Well actually he could but it would be extremely rude.  "Well then Harry are you ready?" Kingsley asked getting up prepared to show the boy the great Diagon Alley. Harry merely nodded back a large grin plastered on his face. Kingsley learned quickly that the boy liked to lead conversations, and the Auror had to admit he was pretty good at it. But seeing as Kingsley had dealt with Dark Wizards for awhile he knew how to deal with Harry. He was also a member of the Order of the Phoenix and despite Voldemort being dead he along with Dumbledore and other believed he would return, so extra practice with Moody.  "So where is Diagon Alley?" Harry asked as they made their way over to the back of the pub.  "It's right over here," Kingsley stated then noticed the boy wasn't following him anymore. "What is it?"  "Why is it so dark and empty?" the boy asked cautiously preparing to bolt. It took Kingsley a second to realize what the boy was insinuating.  "No, no," he quickly assured the boy before spinning around and opening up the wall.  Harry couldn't believe his eyes as the wall opened up. In front of him was an entire city filled with people milling around, laughing and talking to each other. He looked around taking notes of names and everything around him.  "Welcome to Diagon Alley."...  Harry couldn't believe the world he was in right now. He noticed a few Half-bloods, seeing as there were no Muggleborns because no wizard had picked them up at least that's what Kingsley had told Harry. Harry had fallen in love with Diagon Alley and would marry it if he could. He was amazed by all the magic around him wanting to learn everything and anything about magic. It was beautiful and exciting, Kingsley looked amused as he watched the boy.  "C'mon we need to go to Gringotts," the black man said leading the boy to the large bank.  "Why? I'm a muggleborn I don't have any money," Harry replied, a little to quickly, "I just wanted to see how much everything costs."  "Now then, no point in lying Harry, I know you're not a muggleborns, otherwise a teacher would have brought you," Kingsley smiled as the boys face fell. Probably thought he was doing a good job pretending to be a muggleborn. "So you're probably a half-blood or a pureblood, that means you most likely have a nice little vault."  Harry realized his fault, the man had basically explained this too him before. Now here he was trapped, hopefully he would be able to keep his true heritage away from Kingsley for as long as possible.  "Would people be able to find out that I was in Gringotts?" Harry asked.  Kingsley looked down at the boy silently, trying to word his next sentence properly. He couldn't figure out why the boy would not want anyone to know. Then it clicked, his parents were most likely alive. Maybe they didn't care about him and threw him away. Purebloods did that more times than not and it pissed off many people, mostly muggleborns."Well the goblins that run the bank probably will take a little bribe to throw off the records," Kingsley spoke with air of indifference. The boys face showed no emotion but Kingsley knew that he was practically beaming underneath his facade. The fact that, that made Harry happy made Kingsley's stomach twist. The boy was happy knowing his parents would never find him.  Gringotts looked majestic from the outside and on the inside it looked like a bloody palace. To Harry, who rarely saw a rich place, this was the most beautiful place in the world. The goblins, that Kingsley described before, were also a fascination to Harry. These little green people were highly efficient and moved around quickly for their tiny bodies. He also read the nice plaque that lay in front of him.Enter, stranger, but take heed

Of what awaits the sin of greed

For those who take, but do not earn,

Must pay most dearly in their turn.

So if you seek beneath our floors

A treasure that was never yours,

Thief, you have been warned, beware

Of finding more than treasure there.

  This will be very quick as, I'm sure people have already figured it out but whatever, the sequel has been posted. The Dark Trio: Book 2 is in the process of being released.   In the new book the story will begin delving more and more into the darker aspects of Magic. After all I only briefly touched on the Dark Arts, now I can flesh it out a little.   I hope you enjoy it and I bid you all a good day, 'tis farewell for now. But I will, hopefully, see you all in the next book. 

