  In London, England night settled and the honest folk turned their lights off and went to bed. However the night not only put to sleep the good folk, it awoke the dishonest. In an alley near an old decrepit house stood a boy with long black hair leaning on the wall. He had his eyes closed as he listened to the sights and sounds of the sleeping city.  "Cole, get down here and play some Poker," a man yelled from inside the house. The soft thuds of someone running down the stairs filled the silence afterwards. In the alley the boy sighed a smirk playing at his lips.  He opened his eyes to reveal startling, emerald, green eyes.

  Harry never felt more alive then when he was outside in the crisp night air. Hogwarts was his home, there was no doubt about that, but it didn't have the freedom that London had. London was his playground.  He had been sending letter after letter to Hermione and Ron, one every week. He sent some to Kingsley abd the odd few to Rose. He learned quickly that the Potter's checked all the mail that went to Rose. Hermione usually sent a reply as soon as she could and Ron's replies usually came right as Harry was about to send another letter. Hedwig loved all of this, to her getting to fly all over the country was amazing.  The last letter Harry had received from Hermione told him she was back in England after her trip and demanded he come. Ron had already arrived there. While Harry would have loved to go see his friends immediately he wanted to get something from this house. The people in the house had stolen Onyx's collar of all the bizarre things. The cat in question was walking next to him as he made his way towards the house window.  "What do you think Onyx, think I can get up there?" Harry asked looking down at the cat. The window was pretty high up considering it was a two story house.  "Meow," was the reply Harry, obviously, received.  "You're right, of course I can do it," Harry grinned brightly.  Grabbing onto the drainage pipe Harry slowly but surely made his way up the pipe. The window was close enough when he felt the pipe shudder a little. It creaked and groaned in protest as Harry grew closer and closer to the window.   "I'm not that heavy," Harry mumbled climbing into the room.  The room was, like the rest of the house, tarnished. The paint from the walls peeling off and the wood rotten and almost decayed. A perfect spot for thieves, Harry thought in his mind he still wondered why they stole Onyx's collar. Searching the room Harry spotted the collar in the far end of the room and slowly made his way towards it.

  Jumping up Harry spun around to see the source of the loud sound. Standing behind him was a small, barely more than two foot tall, creature wearing rags. It's big round eyes staring at him.  "Who," better question, "What are you?"  "Harry Potter, I am Dobby, a House Elf," the creature, Dobby, introduced himself. "I've been looking for you."  "Why were you looking for me?" Harry asked cautiously.  "Daniel Potter," Harry groaned at that, "Must not go to Hogwarts. But he is refusing to listen to Dobby so Dobby has come to get you to convince him."  "What? No," Harry replied going to grab the collar.  "No? But you must, Daniel Potter must not be allowed to go to Hogwarts," the House Elf yelled.  "Shut up, you have to be quiet," Harry hissed looking at the door worriedly.  "Oh no, Dobby yelled at Mr. Harry Potter, oh Dobby is so sorry," Dobby cried, "Dobby must punish myself."  Then he ran into the wall. A loud thud reverberated throughout the house as the Elf continued to run into the wall almost cracking his skull open.  "Great a Bi-Polar House Elf," Harry groaned before grabbing the creature effectively stopping the sound. Running over he grabbed the collar and shoved it in his pocket. He quickly turned around to and watched as the Elf began crying extremely loudly.  "Crap," the whole house could probably hear the damn Elf, "Dobby why can't Daniel go to Hogwarts?" That effectively stopped the Elf's loud crying.  "If Mr. Daniel Potter goes to Hogwarts then he will die, Dobby can't let Master Daniel die. And Dobby knows Mr. Harry Potter can save Master Daniel," the Elf spoke to loudly for Harry's taste.  "Why would I want to save him?" Harry asked to no one, "Dobby you don't have siblings do you?"  "Dobby does not," the Elf replied.  "That explains it," Harry mumbled then heard footsteps pounding up the stairs, he hadn't heard them over Dobby, "Dobby, you hav-" Crack "Oh I'm going to kill that Elf."  Suddenly the door slammed open and someone grabbed Harry. Acting on instinct Harry spun around and punched the offender in the stomach. The, now classified as, man stumbled backwards slightly before grabbing Harry and pushing him to the wall.  "Oh, your going to get it now fucking brat," the man growled and flicked a pocket knife open. Harry gasped, his knife was still in his pocket.  The man lifted his knife up fully intent on slashing Harry's left eye out. Harry viciously jerked to the left before the knife made contact and instead the knife slashed a little to the right of his eye. Crying out in pain Harry tried to work through the ringing in his ears and the pounding in his head to grab something.  "Cole what the bloody hell are you doing?" another man came up the stairs.  "Showing this brat not to punch me," the man, Cole, growled.  "You idiot that's the boy we're after," the other man shouted in disbelief.  "What, this is the kid? Looked different in the photo she showed us," Cole replied looking at him.  If the Potter's sent these men after him he was going to kill them. Then Dobby wouldn't worry about Daniel going to Hogwarts, he'd kill the Boy-Who-Lived personally. Finally Harry felt the cool skin of metal on his palm and thanked Merlin. Grabbing whatever the piece of metal was he prepared to smash Cole in the head when his next words left Harry cold.   "So this is the kid Sapphire wants?"  Harry paused, his blood cold and his entire body lifeless. Not possible, not possible, not possible, the words kept ringing in his head but he knew they were false. Sapphire knew he was in London.  "Yeah, and she said she'd personally gut whoever harmed a hair on him," the man at the door replied.  "Don't worry Boss Man, we'll tell her some street thug was beating on him and we helped him out," Cole grinned.  "Fine but get rid of the knife," 'Boss Man' ordered.  "Like...hell," Harry gasped out and struck Cole on the head before throwing him at 'Boss Man'. Harry quickly sprinted out the room and bounded down the stairs at breakneck speed. Jumping over the missing step in the stairwell he slammed into the side of the door as he made his escape. The pounding feeling in his arm was dull as he felt cold blood run down his face. The knife had cut deep and Harry knew that he'd need help.

  Harry headed to his safe house first, since no one knew about it. It was in an alley outside some family owned convenience store. As he walked into the alley he caught his reflection on the glass window.  He wished he hadn't.  There stood the same long raven black haired, emerald green eyed boy. But there was also a long, deep, gash that ran from the bride of his nose down crossways, jaggedly, down his face. It ended at the bottom corner of his left cheek the blood dripping from the side of his chin. He stared in horror and fought against a fountain of tears.But he couldn't stop the tears as they spilled over. What was worse was the tears mixed with his blood so not only did pain shoot from the cut the tears were now ruby red. He was literally crying blood.  Using his sleeve to dry his tears Harry made his way towards the small man made tent. He grabbed his baggage knowing he couldn't stay where he was for long. Hermione was in town luckily and she'd help him, hopefully. Hedwig hooted as she caught sight of her master and Onyx, who had arrived before him, meowed at him.  "Your damn magical collar caused this Onyx," Harry pointed to the gash on his face as he put the collar on.  "Meow," the cat purred softly as an apology and jumped onto his shoulders.  Harry easily collected his luggage and began to haul them away from the tent. He was, for once, happy he had so little besides his magical stuff. Otherwise the trek to Hermione's house would have been dreadful.

  It was late into the night when Harry finally arrived at the Granger Residence. The lights were all off, and they were most likely all asleep. Harry was about opt to come back tomorrow when the pain from his face came back with full force. He needed help, fast.  Walking up to the porch Harry knocked softly at the door. No sound came so he rang their doorbell, finally he saw a light turn on. He heard someone come down the stairs from inside and for a moment contemplated leaving. What if the people looking for him found him? What if he put Ron and the Granger's in danger?  The door swung open and a man stood in front of him though Harry could only see the man's feet. He was looking downwards not wanting to look into the man's eyes. Scared that he would be disgusted with the gash across his face.  "Why are you here son?" Mr. Granger, Harry assumed, asked lightly.  "I-I, um, may I speak with Hermione?" Harry asked timidly.  "Why?" the man now had an edge to his voice.  "She's a school friend, from Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," he added the last part so the man knew he was telling the truth.  "Harry?" a female voice called from inside. Harry finally raised his head to see Hermione who gasped as she saw him.  "Hey, I need some help," with that his vision turned black.

  Harry awoke to feel a damp wet cloth pressed on his forehead. Wearily he opened his eyes to see that he was not in fact in his safe house. For a second he wondered where he was before the events from last night hit him full force. He tried to get up but groaned in discomfort and pain.  "I wouldn't get up," a masculine voice stopped him and Mr. Granger came into view, "My wife patched you up. Said you were lucky, could of lost your eye. So, you had an eventful night huh?"  Harry quickly felt his body and thanked Merlin that his shirt was still on. But it was obvious that Mr. Granger had seen his scars.  "Yeah, it all passed quickly, everything went out of control," Harry replied."Hmm, so care to explain why you were so banged up?" Mr. Granger more demanded then asked."I was trying to get Onyx's collar back, some people stole it. I had to get it back, you see it's a magic collar and I couldn't let Muggles keep it," Harry explained.  "The cat is Onyx? Well, why'd they steal the collar in the first place? They're Muggles, they didn't know it was magic," Mr. Granger interrogated.  "To lure me out," Harry replied looking at the man in the eyes. He was timid last night and that was unacceptable.  One mention of her and he was five years old all over again. No, he was not going to cower at the mention of her name, that was stupid. He survived without her long enough and he knew what she did was wrong. She always said what she did was right, but Harry knew better. He knew she knew it was or maybe she was so insane she truly thought that what she did was right.  "Well, I'm not going to pry as long as it doesn't affect my family," Mr. Granger then grinned widely, "I'm Dan by the way."  "Harry, Harry Potter."

  Hermione was on him the moment Dan opened the door. She hugged him fiercely and Harry briefly caught Ron jumping into the mess. The elder Granger's watched in amusement as Harry was trampled.  "You idiot," Hermione hissed as she let go smacking his shoulder, "What the hell happened?"  "Just some guys that got rough," Harry lied, Dan had asked him to. Harry only now recalled how hard it was to lie to Ron and Hermione.  "I don't believe you but I have a feeling my Dad asked you not to say anything," Hermione huffed irritated but let it slide.  "Mate, did you get your report card?" Ron asked trying to change the subject. Hermione instantly brightened up at the mention of school.  "We both got O's in every subject, though I got O+ in Astronomy and History of Magic," Hermione spoke proudly, "O+ in Charms too."  "I got an O+ in DADA," Ron spoke giddily. Despite it having only been their First Year, O+'s were good no matter which year. Ron hadn't even thought he'd managed to get that mark.  "O in everything, OO in DADA and Charms," Harry smirked at their expressions.  "Of course," Ron muttered with mock sigh, "The great Harry Potter has to beat us all."  Harry had to admit, he missed this. 

1. What is Gilderoy Lockhart's favourite colour?

2. What is Gilderoy Lockhart's secret ambition

3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockhart's greatest achievement to date?The damn quiz was never ending and Harry almost contemplated throwing himself out the window. Merlin's beard he stared at it for a good minute before shaking his head, he'd be caught and have to finish the quiz anyway.54. When is Gilderoy Lockhart's birthday, and what would his ideal gift be?

The Chamber of Secrets has been opened.

Enemies of the Heir,

"Enemies of the heir, beware you'll be next Mudblood's," Draco shouted and Harry glared heatedly at him."What did you say Malfoy?" Harry asked threateningly and the Malfoy Heir hid behind the brutes Crabbe and Goyle. Before Harry could do anything the Professor's had arrived.While Daniel told his story Harry focused on the teachers' aura's. McGonnagill seemed to be bright gold and white, same with most of the Professor's only the others had a little darkness. McGonnagill also had an intimidating aura and Harry doubted he'd want to anger her even with Dark Arts. Snape seemed to have much darkness in him and red, hatred if Harry remembered correctly, but he also had a decent amount of gold and white. Carrow was pitch black, as was Harry, with ruby red and amethyst purple blanketing her. If the teachers could see what he could see they would have her fired in a heart beat. It slightly surprised Harry, she seemed to so nice he had forgotten that she was indeed an ex-Death Eater. Lily seemed to be like McGonnagill only she didn't have the intimidating aura.And Albus Dumbledore, glaringly white and gold, it hurt Harry's eyes to look at him. Except, surprisingly, the small amount of darkness that seemed to float around him and a tiny bit of red that was as bright as the gold. Harry had to admit, he didn't know the Headmaster had it in him. There was even some purple there. Soon however the others had retreated to Lockhart's office and Harry silently sighed. He would have to find the information at a later date, he didn't feel like sneaking up there. He did however glare at Malfoy which seemed to make the blonde boy run.Malfoy spent the next week and a half in the Hospital Wing. He even tried to stay for a couple more days but not even Madam Pomfrey would allow him to. Afterwards he was careful with the wording he used and seemed to steer clear of the Dark Trio. Even the Professor's knew what Harry had done but none had seen him do it. Not even the portraits on the wall's managed to spot whatever happened. And Malfoy never ratted out who did it.Though one portrait seemed to remember agonizing screams.

  Harry was regretting ever coming to the Dueling Club. As if they would actually have a competent teacher, this was Hogwarts after all. For some reason, Harry suspecting bribery, Lockhart was mentoring the club with none other than Snape. Harry also noted that Snape looked as if he was about to kill Lockhart the moment the man opened his mouth. Hermione was leaning of his shoulder and Ron was whispering about how much trouble they'd get if they hexed a teacher.  Harry was about to leave with Ron and Hermione when Lockhart finally decided to teach them something. Harry guessed it was the murderous expression on Snape's face that caused the sudden change.  "What are the chances that Snape offs Lockhart?" Ron asked and Harry had to think for a moment.  "Extremely likely," Hermione whispered without a second of hesitation. Harry had to admit, she wasn't wrong.  "Now as you can see we are in the acceptable dueling positions," Lockhart commented both him and Snape were holding their wands out like swords. Harry wondered if  Slytherin's monster would duel like this. Actually Harry doubted that the thing was even human and used wand magic. "Now at the count of three Professor Snape and I will send out our first spell."  The moment Lockhart had counted to three Snape had already spoken, "Expelliarmus."  And Lockhart flew like an eagle.  Harry and Ron began laughing, leaning on each other for support as Hermione bit back her own laugh. She slapped them on the arm in warning even though she had lost her battle to maintain a neutral face, a large grin overtook her face.  "Do you think he's alright?" Janet, who was standing in front of the trio, asked nervously.  "Who cares," Harry and Ron whispered in her ears and she let out a scream. Spinning around she glared at the two with murder in her eyes before huffing and turning back around.  "Was that really necessary?" Hermione asked the two who were grinning widely.  "Hermione just last week her and the rest of the 'Golden Trio' burned a Fourth Year girls essay because of one of their jokes," Harry informed her. It was true too, the Golden Trio had tried a prank that involved fire which then burned the girls essay. Nothing happened to them no matter how much Snape and many Slytherin's protested. Actually that stunt almost made the Slytherin's go against Larris and attack Daniel.  "Well I heard that there was a group of people before even the Weasley twins," Hermione replied, "Heard they were the worst that Hogwarts had in pranks."  "Alright everyone Snape and I will begin pairing you off," Lockhart called happily. Harry was paired with Ron. Hermione with Millicent. Daphne with Tracy. Thomas with Seamus. Janet with Pansy. Daniel with Draco. Harry wondered for Snape's sanity when he placed Malfoy and Daniel together. While Snape was one of Harry's favourite Professor the man had a habit of not letting things go. And decades long feuds seem to never leave.  Harry and Ron weren't even able to begin spell casting when everything went wrong. Thomas seemed to have a broken wand. Neville had utterly destroyed Justin Finch-Fletchley, in a good way not a bad way, and Hermione had punched Bullstrode and broken her nose. Before Bullstrode could retaliate both Harry and Ron sent spells.

  Now Bullstrode was both laughing hysterically and dancing amazingly. Harry knew the spell made the person dance but it didn't give them the skills too. Obviosily Bullstrode was just an amazing dancer, who would have thought?  "Laughing and dancing spells?" Hermione looked at the two slightly amused.  "It hurts to laugh with a broken nose," Harry defended himself, "Don't ask, long story."  "It was the first light spell to come to mind," Ron sniffed. Both Harry and Hermione rolled their eyes at that one. "Besides why'd you punch Bullstrode in the face anyway?"  "She decided to forgo her wand and I took advantage of that," Hermione shrugged, "Besides serves her right."  "Finite Incantatem," Snape announced freeing Bullstrode from her laughing and dancing imprisonment, "Care to explain?"  "No," the three of them answered at the same time before glancing at Bullstrode and begin smirking happily. She didn't look very good at the moment, though she never actually did look good. Snape just sighed and took Bullstrode away before the trio started snickering.  "Well then let's have Daniel and Draco up here," Lockhart called, "Now, Daniel this is very simple. Just do this."  Lockhart did an odd swishing of his wand before it promptly fell out of his grasp and on the floor. He quickly made up some excuse picking the wand up and smiling brightly. Harry didn't pay much attention to that other than shake his head at Lockhart's terrible abilities. He did however notice Snape whisper something into Malfoy's ear, the boys smirk afterwards was enough for Harry to realize something was about to happen.  "Serpensortia," Malfoy shouted the moment the battle began. Harry himself let out a gasp as a snake appeared and began hissing at everyone. Though the fact that Harry understood it jarred him more than he cared to admit.  "~Ssstupid humansss disssrupting my sssleep,~" the snake hissed and Harry recoiled but the animal didn't realize instead it got flown into the air, courtesy of Lockhart. Landing down with a smack the animal glared and hissed in anger before narrowing on Justin.  "~Ssstop it,~" Daniel hissed and even Harry looked at him confused. How had he spoken the same language as the snake? The snake even stopped what it was doing and sat down comfortably.  Snape quickly got rid of the snake and then looked at Daniel as if making sure he wasn't a threat. It seemed even Snape was uncomfortable with the display of speech. But how? How had Daniel managed to speak to, or more like order, the snake to stop?  Thomas quickly took the boy away muttering something with Janet following closely. Harry looked to Hermione and Ron who both were a little pale at the show.  "What's wrong?" Harry whispered to them and they looked at him as if he was insane.  "Harry he's a Parselmouth," at Harry's bewildered look she continued, "It means he can speak to snakes."  "What did you think the hissing was?" Ron asked and Harry stopped himself from saying he understood him perfectly.  This was begining to get interesting.

  Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all in the Owl Tower, as Harry liked to call it, because Hedwig wasn't allowed to leave. It seemed that some owls had run away which caused Hogwarts to decide that they should all stay cooped up in the tower. Half the owls looked ready to murder the other half and Harry was about to take Hedwig away. Not for Hedwig's safety but for the others, the snowy owl was a force to be reckoned with.  Onyx silently purred as Harry gently stroked the cat in deep thought. Hermione and Ron were finishing some sort of essay that Harry had already finished. So instead Harry was wondering what to do, after all if he could understand the creature then maybe he could speak with them just as Daniel had. But how?  "Done," Ron called slamming his book shut as did Hermione.  "Good," Hermione sighed, "That essay was terrible how did you manage to finish it so quickly."  Harry had to stop himself from telling them that he had gotten help from a Fourth Year that thought he was particularly cute. Neither of his friends liked it when Harry used the fact that the women thought he was cute for his own benefit. Probably because when he was drunk he was almost snatched by a Fifth Year last year. Instead he just shrugged and changed the subject.  "I want to test something," he said excitedly that caused both Hermione and Ron to look at him in confusion.  "What is it?" Hermione asked always eager to test something new.  "Not here," Harry got up, after picking up Onyx and petting Hedwig, rushed out of the room. His friends sighed before chasing after him knowing that Harry was someone who ran ahead and didn't look back. Finally they made it to an empty room with Ron and Hermione breathing heavily and Harry looking like he had gone a for a little walk.  "What do you need to test?" Ron asked having caught his breath.  "Serpensortia," Harry cast and both his friends jumped back, "~Hello friend.~"  Judging by the reactions he got Harry assumed he had broken into Parselmouth. Hermione and Ron were looking at him in shock and wonder. The snake however looked at him in some sort of reverence.  "~A Ssspeaker,~" it, he from the sound, called happily, "~I have not met a Ssspeaker and thought I never would.~"  Hermione didn't let the conversation continue and quickly expelled the snake. She then rounded on Harry with worry in her eyes, "You're a Parselmouth?"  "Mate, why didn't you tell us?" Ron asked confused.  "I didn't know for certain that I was a Parselmouth so I had to make sure," Harry quickly replied not wanting to anger his friends. Both sighed in annoyance, of course this could only happen to Harry James Potter.  "Harry you can't tell anyone," Hermione warned her wand clenched tightly, "Daniel wouldn't hesitate to throw you to the wolves. He could easily claim you're the real Heir of Slytherin and no Boy-Who-Lived status will save you from questioning. Or maybe even jail."  "Yeah mate, we don't know for certain whether people noticed us missing on Halloween," Ron added in and Harry nodded to them.  "I know, I know, I just wanted to see if I really was Parselmouth," Harry grinned, "And it turns out I am."  "Congrats mate, now only half the wizarding world wants you dead," Ron answered and Harry smacked his head.  "Forgot Parselmouth somehow equals to evil dark wizard," Harry groaned and his hair turned dark purple as his frustration grew, his  friends just laughed. 

  "Hey Loony Lovegood what are you doing here?" a girl shouted causing the Dark Trio to pause. They had been heading to the Great Hall for dinner when they heard yelling.  "I'm just wondering around," an airy and dreamy voice replied.  "Ah Loony Lovegood still too crazy to even make it to the Great Hall huh?" one of the girls laughed and Harry approached then with an obviously fake and cruel smile. It was a group of three Ravenclaws that were making fun of another Ravenclaw. Harry admitted that the girl didn't look...normal but that didn't mean anything. Besides the girl's aura made Harry realize that though she pretended to smile she was hurting. There was anger and darkness that shrouded around her, but still a fair amount of gold and light that seemed to never leave. Harry could tell from her aura that she was no Dark Wizard, well dark in the sense of evil or succumbing to her desires, but she was intelligent. It was her eyes that told Harry that, her eyes that seemed blurry and dreamy held hidden intelligence.  "What are you three doing?" Harry asked politely as the Dark Trio stood behind the three girls. They turned around a sassy look on their faces before they caught sight of who the three were. They were Slytherin's that had a reputation for being slightly insane, how they got that reputation Harry had only Larris Oakton to blame. It seemed that having a trio of insane people made Slytherin look good in Larris's eyes.  "Um, well, we weren't, I mean," the girls stuttered before glancing at each other and running away.  "Bye girlies, hope to see you soon," Hermione called after them cackling softly at their hurried steps.  "Thank you those three were infested with Wrackspurts," the girl thanked them, "My name is Luna Lovegood."  "Harry Potter," Harry introduced himself, "These two are Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley."  "Pleased to meet you," the three greeted each other politely.  "So Luna tell me about these Wrackspurts," Harry spoke up eagerly as they made their way to the Great Hall.  "Well Harry," Luna spoke up, "Wrackspurts are invisible creatures that make people meaner than their supposed to be."  "Invisible?" Hermione asked suspiciously, "Have they ever been proven?"  "No most of the world don't believe they exist," Luna sighed sadly, "A shame really."  "Yes that's a right shame," Harry sighed, "Right Hermione. I mean you didn't even believe in magic until a couple years ago."  Hermione opened her mouth before closing it. He wasn't wrong per say and after a look at Ron the other boy had the same thoughts as her. So shrugging her shoulders she began soaking up knowledge about the invisible creatures.  When they finally made it to the Great Hall everyone looked at the four in wonder. There was Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley and Luna Lovegood talking happily about Wrackspurts, Nargles and other creatures.  Harry's hair and eyes stayed yellow in happiness for the rest of the feast. 

  The next day Harry quickly learned all about what had happened with Justin. It seemed Daniel was getting blamed even more so and Larris had decided that helping Daniel wasn't worth it anymore. This seemed to make things worse for the poor boy who was now facing trouble at every turn. Comments were thrown at him at every turn. People began avoiding him. The Weasley twins had decided that he was a Dark Prince, something even the Dark Trio had to agree was hilarious.  What Harry wanted to know was why all of Hagrid's roosters were getting killed. The man had bought new roosters and now Harry was helping him find them. Instead all they found were dead bodies which only made Harry confused. What animal was killing them?  Anyway Harry decided not to worry about it, Hagrid was going to ask the Centeurs about it the next day. Besides, he had been called to the Headmaster's office. It seemed that the man wanted to speak with him only Harry didn't know what about.

  The moment Harry entered the room, after telling the gargoyle the password (Lemon Drops), he gagged. There was so much light magic that he felt it trying to invade and destroy the darkness inside himself. There were some things that gave off a little darkness but the white aura seemed to muffle it. Harry quickly collected himself, he thanked the fact that him, Hermione and Ron were practicing dueling and their new ritual abilities.  Glancing around the room he spotted the Sorting Hat and glared at it for awhile. That Hat had tormented him during his Sorting. Bringing up Sapphire and other memories better left dead and forgotten.  "You look like you haven't slept," the Hat mumbled and Harry scowled. He had gotten a little more sleep than usual, though he still avoided it as much as possible. Plus he had stolen a Sixth Years makeup kit and began adding a little to make it look like the bags under his eyes were gone.  "Shut up Hat I don't want to speak with you," Harry hissed but the Sorting Hat merely sighed. Deep red eyes glared at the Hat and even though it knew the boy wasn't a threat it stopped momentarily.  "Harry, I stand by what I said, you need to speak about it," the Hat spoke with conviction.  "And I told you to shut up," Harry hissed. He didn't need help, he was Harry Bloody Potter. He grew up on the streets and saw death when he was five years old. He avoided a family that owned half of London for a year. He wasn't a little boy that needed any saving.  "Very well," the Hat muttered sadly, "I know one day you will and trust me when I tell you, you will feel better."  A sudden broken shrill alerted Harry of another presence. Looking over Harry saw a Pheonix and almost gasped. There was a powerful creature sitting in Dumbeldore's office, that was a surprise. Harry knew that it was the Pheonix's Burning Day. It was too ugly and too old for it not to be. So it quickly began burning and then in flash of flames it died. Harry smiled gently and pushed the ashes away revealing the little baby Pheonix's ugly head.  "Ah I see you have met Fawkes," Dumbledore's voice came from the door as the elderly man quickly walked in with the Potter Family behind him.  "What are they doing here?" Harry asked angrily and the little Pheonix shrilled in a calming way.  "We are here to discuss your scar," Dumbledore announced and Harry hissed in remembrance. Why couldn't the old coot call him earlier in the year? "I do not know who you live with but their obviously not good people."  "Not good people?" Harry asked, "Headmaster I don't live with anyone."  "You're by yourself?" Lily called out in shock. Even Daniel and Ivy, who for some reason were there as well, looked a little sympathetic. After all they couldn't imagine living without their parents, who would cook for them? Who would take them out for Quidditch games? A terrible and horrible life.  "Yes Lily, I am by myself," Harry growled at her, he still didn't like her hug from a earlier in the year. His eyes turned gold in victory when she backed down.  "Well then that won't do, you will come with us on the train, and then you will come live with us," James commanded and Dumbledore nodded along.  "Then I'll kick you in the privates," Harry retorted angrily his hair deep red, "You do not own me."  "I am your father I know what is best for you Harry," James sighed, "I'm not trying to own you but you are acting like a child. What is wrong with living with us?"  "Many things James," Harry growled, "I will not live with you."  "Yes you will," Dumbledore interfered, "Harry this is for your own protection. If you do not live with them then you might gain another scar."  "They've left enough emotional scars Dumbledore," Harry replied his eyes turning pale blue in sadness, "Ever had to wonder, Headmaster, why your parents left you? Ever sit on your bed and think that maybe you were better off dead? That maybe you're just a waste of space? What's the point of living if even your parents don't even care about you? Right, Headmaster? They sent me away and made me live a life of misery. I hate them Headmaster, I hate that they left me scared and alone. That they had Ivy and moved on with their lives while I was stuck living in hell where I have gained more scars then you can possibly imagine."  Harry finished his shouting and stomped out of the room. The Sorting Hat sat there sadly gazing off into the distance. The boy was broken in more ways then even he had known.

  In the end it was Hermione and Ron who found Harry sitting on a hill over looking the lake. Hermione had plopped right next to him as did Ron. Gently both friends grabbed hold of Harry's hands. They heard about his yelling from Rose who was searching hysterically for him. It turns out even Professor Carrow was on high alert and tearing the castle down brick by brick for him. Professor Longbottom and Professor Flitwick had taken to finding any high places and making sure he wasn't about to jump to his death.  Hermione and Ron however knew exactly where their friend was. After all this was their favourite place in all of Hogwarts.  "You alright, mate?" Ron asked quietly over the silent night.  "Not really Ron," Harry mumbled quietly, "Not really."  The Dark Trio cried together that night and weren't found until the next day curled up in a tight embrace.

  Alright guys this is a little note that I wanted to add but I can't put pictures in notes so I'm putting it here. 

  Fan art that I got from Lillie that I absolutely love. I hope that any of you artists or aspiring artists out there could send me some art because I would love it. It could even be featured on here, with your permission of course. Thanks for reading!

"Harry come on," the sound of her voice flew through the air.

"I'm coming Sapph, you're too fast," his voice, only younger, complained.

"Or you're just to slow," Sapphire's voice joked.

"Sapph," Harry whined, "Hey wait put the snowball down. Sapph!"The giggles continued and Harry felt as if he might go insane until they abruptly stopped. He was left with an empty clearing with just one last sentence floating through the air."Let's play like this again, alright Harry.""Yeah, Sapph, just like old times. We'll play around in the snow skate across the ice like pros. Just like old times," Harry, the current one, whispered brokenly in the air. Silent tears threatened to fall but Harry refused to let them. Enough tears had been shed over her, then again Harry knew he'd cry over her again sometime.Then a hat was put on his head.Harry looked up and saw Kingsley standing behind him his hat gone."A hat always makes you feel tougher doesn't it," the man smiled with a wink and Harry laughed a little.They didn't need to talk, in fact they hardly spoke a word the entire time they were out there. And perhaps that was the best part about Kingsley, Harry didn't have to talk to him. They merely sat there as if neither had a care in the world, because at the moment they didn't. Harry didn't know how to really describe it, only that he knew he trusted Kingsley. For once that mere thought of trusting someone so easily, as he had unconsciously done with Kingsley, wasn't so scary. Merlin's beard he trusted the man enough to go with him to get his ears pierced.And Kingsley didn't even complain when they sat there well into the night staring into the woods.

  It was dark and stormy, I suppose that's how most bad stories tend to start. But anyway that's besides the point. Because it was stormy she was going to come, claiming it was because the storm scared her but I knew it was mostly because she wanted to touch me. So when she came in and crawled into the bed touching me everywhere I wasn't very surprised.

  I'd long since learned that trying to get her off me would be futile. So I allowed her to do what she wanted. She then began doing things she'd never done before, she began kissing me. Granted she did that a lot but just not in this particular way.

  Then she took my shirt off.

  "What are you doing?" I asked almost afraid of the answer.

  "Harry," she whispered seductively, "I know you want this."

  At that point I tried to push her off which only gave me a couple slaps. She then forcefully ripped my pants off making me completely exposed. She giggled and stared at my body before kissing me straight on the lips.

  "Suck my tits," She ordered exposing her breasts and pushing them against me.

  "No," I replied, still desperately trying to get out of the situation. If I forced her off and ran her guards would chase me down and I'd be punished along with violated.

   Wrong thing to say.

  "I said suck my tits," she repeated and after every word I received a painful punch to some part of my body. She finished off by roughly twisting...something I'd rather not tell you.

  Her nails raked across my body, flesh on flesh. She kissed and sucked my skin leaving bruises and scars across my chest and legs. She violated every inch of my body and every time I attempted to get her to stop I was beaten into submission. Made to believe by the end of it that it was all for love.

By the end I felt, to put it simply, like crap. My entire body shivered and my brain was still attempting to process what happened. My heart twisted in my stomach in something akin to fear. I was well and truly afraid because she had taken it to a new level, and I couldn't stop her. But her words also made me feel like a deserved it which scared me more.

She began whispering in my ear thay I deserved this. That this was what I wanted, and some part of me believed it. Some part of me believed in her twisted ideology that she had begun to force into me.

  She left in the morning with a kiss and a promise for more the next night.

  I am sorry if the last chapter seemed rather rushed and/or forced but I have decided that this book needed to end. This one has been dragging on for too long now but I will admit that this has taught me a lot. I've learned not to add too many details to a single story, I feel that I more stuffed this story with details rather than merely fill it up and leave more to be discovered. Nonetheless the next book in the series is in the progress of being written and I have a feeling people with greatly enjoy it.Thanks for all the love and support.  Now That, that is all out of the way I have a feeling all of you beautiful people know why I'm here. Huh? Come on don't lie to me you know. You've been waiting for a day, yeah, I kinda wrote the first chapter of the next book the second after the last chapter for book two was finished.   Yeah...  Anyway.  The next book is out and is being updated, hopefully at a faster pace then this one. Let's be honest I slacked off for this one.   Thanks for all the love and support I love all of you.

