The great and noble land of Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years by the four powerful conquerors: Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff, and Salazar Slytherin. They divided the land into four counties so that each could rule over one, and in the centre of Hogwarts they founded the capital city of Hogsmeade, that there might be some neutral place for them to convene.Many years passed. The four counties had dukes set up over to them, who grew in might and stature. The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, arrogant and wealthy, were Dukes of Slytherin; the House of Lovegood, reputed to be as mad and clever as foxes, were Dukes of Ravenclaw; the proud hardworking House of Abbott ruled Hufflepuff, and last were the House of Weasley, who ruled the largest county of Gryffindor, but bore so many children that their coffers were quite depleted.And then was the House of Malfoy. Ruthless they were, and famed for their beauty. Originally an average lord whose lands lay within the county of Slytherin, the tenth Earl Malfoy (a certain Nicholas Malfoy) crowned himself King of All Hogwarts and placed the Sorting Hat upon his head to seal his claim. Thus the Royal House of Malfoy ruled Hogwarts for many years, with the Sorting Hat being passed from father to son.But then came Cygnus III Black, Duke of Slytherin. He overthrew and killed King Abraxas VIII, demoting the latter’s son back to the status of mere Earl Malfoy, and set himself up as King – only to be overthrown in turn by one Tom Riddle.Ah, Tom Riddle. An anomaly indeed. His mother might have been a pureblood, daughter of the poverty-stricken aristocratic House of Gaunt, but his father was a mere middle-class merchant of the undistinguished Riddle family. From these humble beginnings grew Tom Riddle. His desire to ensconce himself amongst his betters was such that he invented himself a title – that of Lord Voldemort – and raised an army which crushed the one raised by King Cygnus Black. Voldemort the Usurper crowned himself Dark Lord of Hogwarts (though it is said the Sorting Hat denounced him) and proceeded to rule the land.Abraxas Malfoy, the fourteenth Earl Malfoy, had had wit enough to foresee Lord Voldemort’s triumph, and had allied himself with him; in this way the Royal House of Malfoy was restored to some of their former glory, being richly rewarded for their loyalty. From thence comes their reputation for cunning and ambition. But they have never forgotten that once they were kings, and ever do they seek to wear the Sorting Hat once more. When King Cygnus was defeated, his original title of Duke of Slytherin passed to his last living male relative, a nephew named Sirius Black. The nephew died without spouse or heirs, and the title reverted to his female cousin Princess Bellatrix, King Cygnus’ daughter. She is known for her caprices; she denied the title, and allowed its passage to her younger sister Princess Narcissa, who now holds the title Duchess of Slytherin in her own right – the first female to do so since its creation. Her husband, by right of his wife, is entitled to be addressed as Duke of Slytherin also.Her husband is not without title himself. He is Lucius Malfoy, fifteenth Earl Malfoy, son of Lord Voldemort’s greatest ally. Thusly are the House of Black and the House of Malfoy united, both with royal blood in their veins, and ever have they continued the struggle of their ancestors: Lucius Malfoy has sworn that he will one day wear the Sorting Hat as his ancestors wore it, and that his lady wife will be Queen of Hogwarts the way her father was King.  But the Dark Lord himself was not all-powerful. There came to be a malcontent, Albus Dumbledore by name, born in the county of Gryffindor in the village of Godric’s Hollow; he dedicated his life to destroying the Dark Lord, and finally accomplished this feat in a duel. The Sorting Hat recognised him as its master. Though he demurred thrice, he was finally crowned King Albus of the barely-aristocratic House of Dumbledore, and it is he who rules now. He insists upon being referred to as His Serene Highness, instead of the greater address of His Royal Highness, to indicate his modesty.But King Albus did not win by himself. A great help to him was the young Harry Potter, second Viscount Potter, also hailing from Godric’s Hollow. Since the King has no heirs, he has proclaimed that Lord Potter will succeed him.Rebellions stirred by the House of Malfoy over the centuries since they lost the Sorting Hat have not been uncommon. They are closely watched by the King, and a Royal Decree bars the dukedom of Slytherin from maintaining its own private army, as the other dukedoms too. Such is the current state of Hogwarts…Geography of HogwartsHogsmeade, in the very centre of Hogwarts, is neutral; it was constructed in the shape of a square, and a different dukedom spreads out from its city walls in each of the four directions.The county of Slytherin holds the west of Hogwarts. Its capital city is Wiltshire, with the Duke and Duchess holding court there at Malfoy Manor. Being a scion of formerly royal houses, their son Draco Malfoy is allowed the title of Prince. Slytherin, though small, is an extremely wealthy dukedom.The county of Gryffindor rules the east. The current duke is Arthur Weasley, who has seven children with his duchess Lady Molly Prewitt, daughter of the fifth Earl of Gideon. The capital city of Gryffindor is Ottery St. Catchpole; the House of Weasley’s family seat is known (rather uncouthly) as the Burrow. The county of Ravenclaw is at the north of Hogwarts. The duke, Xenophilius Lovegood, has no offspring save his daughter Lady Luna, as he has refused to remarry since the duchess Pandora (surname unknown) died many years ago. They occupy Lovegood House in the capital city of Quibbler. The county of Hufflepuff lies to the east. Similar to the lack of a Duchess of Ravenclaw, there is no Duchess of Hufflepuff, as Giffard Abbott is unmarried. It is likely that his niece Hannah Abbott will inherit the title. She is married to Neville Longbottom, eighth Earl of St Mungo, and is therefore titled Countess of St Mungo. They all reside in the Leaky Cauldron, which is in the capital city of Diagonalley.  -Extract taken from Hogwarts: A History, 2586th edition, by Professor Bathilda Bagshot

Hermione Granger needed money.This was nothing new; in all her sixteen years of life, she had frequently been in need of money, and only rarely had the gods delivered. She’d tried everything. She’d been a seamstress, a Thestral-keeper, a scullery maid, a washerwoman. In a moment of sheer desperation two months ago she’d even turned towards prostitution – only to discover that her bushy brown hair, slightly-too-plump figure and unfashionably tanned skin meant her worth was measured in Sickles rather than Galleons. Naturally, she’d only found this out after her first customer had already rutted inside her. Now that she wasn’t a virgin she couldn’t even daydream about ever being married to a rich, handsome nobleman.Not that she ever had. Hermione Granger knew her station in life. She was far too practical for daydreams. She’d been born in a small village in the county of Gryffindor, the daughter of unmarried peasants Wendell Wilkins and Monica Granger. To add insult to injury, she wasn’t just a peasant: she was a bastard one. It seemed that her parents had never quite gotten around to tying the knot before her birth. Now they never could, since they had tragically disappeared quite a few years ago. Hermione had often wondered irritably why her mother hadn’t insisted on keeping her legs closed until Wendell had proposed. She did love her parents, it was just that they weren’t the ones who had been forced to bear the stigma of bastardry in her home village. It was her. Nobody would employ her in case her base blood somehow managed to taint them. She’d finally moved away from the village, wandering through all the counties in turn, looking for a job which either never materialised or never managed to last very long, until she’d ended up where she was right now: in Slytherin county, walking down a street in its capital of Wiltshire.Hermione Granger still needed money.She didn’t have much left of the food she’d stolen back in Ravenclaw county. Soon it would run out, and she didn’t dare steal any here – apparently the laws were strict in Slytherin. It was colder here too, and rainy, the foggy precipitation in the air soaking through her thin cloak. If she didn’t starve to death she’d probably freeze at nightfall.  People hurried past her in relative silence. Hermione was in a middle-class part of the city where the inhabitants were all intent upon their business of making as much money as possible, no doubt in the hopes of sidling into the Rich Quarters of the city. She probably stuck out like a sore thumb. Her robes were much-darned and tattered, her cloak obviously shoddy; if she didn’t watch out she’d probably be kicked out for loitering by some suspicious official. What to do?With a sigh Hermione decided to retrace her steps back into the Poor Quarters. She’d rented a room there in some third-rate inn called the Hog’s Head, though she hadn’t been stupid enough to leave anything important from her meagre belongings in it. Perhaps she could find some job sweeping streets. The gods knew she’d tried everything else. It began to rain. Heavy droplets splashed into the untameable mane of her hair, trickling icily down the back of her neck. Hermione drew her hood up, for all the good that did her, and quickened her pace. The last thing she needed was to catch pneumonia. It seemed everyone else was as keen as her to be out of the downpour, because soon she found that she was one of the only people out and about. The realisation sent uneasiness skittering down her spine. She entered the Poor Quarters – as signalled by the narrower streets, cracked cobblestones and sky-high piles of rubbish everywhere – and it was with relief that she arrived at the disgusting disembodied pig’s head sign of her inn. Hermione ran into the taproom, settling herself as close to the pathetic fire as possible. She couldn’t afford to change out of her wet robes. She only had the two sets, after all, and since the other was slightly less darned, she saved it for job interviews and the like. The taproom was almost deserted. Apart from the barman, who looked to be well over a hundred, there was a pair of figures with their faces concealed by hoods hunched muttering in a corner. Hermione was unsurprised by the clientele. The Hog’s Head was evidently the sort of establishment which was frequented by those thoroughly up to no good, as opposed to being slightly up to no good, like the rest of the Poor Quarters. No wonder she could afford to stay here. Driven by slightly bored curiosity, she proceeded to do something stupid: she listened.Most people are aware that, when confronted with something like the Hog’s Head, it is better to pretend to be deaf, dumb and blind. This was something which the barman was a master of. It had saved his life many a time. Unfortunately, Hermione was the sort of person who could not resist this manner of situation, and so her head tilted slightly to the side as she rather obviously began to eavesdrop.The conversation she overheard was to change the rest of her life.“… the Manor,” one of the figures was saying, his voice a masculine rumble. “The duke’s well protected, not to mention the fact that he’s said to be deadly with the blades. Absolutely no point.”“He might be deadly with the blades, but you can’t persuade me the duchess will be,” the other figure argued. His voice was slightly higher in tone. “She’s –”“A Black,” the man interrupted. “That lot, they have all kinds of tricks up their sleeves, and we don’t want to cross Princess Bellatrix. Remember what she did to Selwyn when she discovered what he’d been doing to the Treasury?”The other man shuddered. “Gods, don’t remind me. What about the little princeling?”“You don’t know anything, do you? His spoiled little highness is down at Eton, all the way on the coast. That place is better protected than Hogsmeade. Nothing’s happening to him there.”“Well then, we’re back to the original plan, aren’t we?”“You mean the poison in his tea?”“No, fool! I mean having Macnair shooting him so full of arrows when they go hunting tomorrow that his lordship resembles a pincushion!”“That’s an excellent idea,” the man with the deep voice said. His cowled head lifted and swung round. “You think so too, don’t you, little whore?”Hermione gasped and jumped to her feet. “Wha –”“Because,” he continued, rising slowly, “I can’t imagine any other reason why you’d be listening so keenly. Can you, Goyle?”Hermione went weak-kneed with terror, but her formidable brain noted something immediately: she now had a name for one of the faces, and she had another name besides. She wasn’t stupid. This sounded exactly like an assassination attempt on Lucius Malfoy, Duke of Slytherin, who would no doubt handsomely reward anyone who alerted him to treachery among his people…“What do you mean?” she asked quaveringly.Goyle laughed mockingly. “I love the ones who play innocent, Crabbe, I really do.”They advanced towards her, skirting round the edges of their table. Hermione darted a glance at the barman. No help there – he had his head firmly down, wiping methodically at a glass with a dirty rag.There was nothing else for it. Hermione put her head down and sprinted from the Hog’s Head like a bat out of hell, getting soaked through once again almost instantly with rain from the darkening sky. She spared a moment to regret the loss of her better robes, up in her room.They’d be on her tail soon. If they had any brains at all they’d know her destination, though she frankly doubted – how stupid were they, that they had so easily given away their names? Perhaps the names were false. It didn’t matter right now.Breathing raggedly through the burning stitch in her side, Hermione ran for Malfoy Manor.Unsurprisingly, the servant who opened a back door of the manor at her banging looked at her like something he had picked off his shoe.“No beggars,” he said. “Sorry.”He tried to shut the heavy wooden door, but Hermione determinedly stuck her foot into the gap.“I’m not a beggar,” she said. The words came out as heavy pants. Gods, but she was unfit. Why was it that no matter how little food she had, she never seemed to get thinner?“I have important information for the Duke and Duchess,” she said. “You need to let me in.”“I don’t have to do any such thing!” he snapped. “Be gone with you, before I have you arrested!”He leaned on the door. Tears came to Hermione’s eyes at the pressure being exerted on her foot, but she held firm.“Look. There is a plot to assassinate His Lordship at the hunting tomorrow. If you do not let me in, terrible things will happen. Do you understand?”She’d caught his attention with that, she could see. Grudgingly he opened the door wider.“You can tell the steward,” he said. “He’ll decide what’s to be done.”Relief bubbled inside Hermione as she ducked inside the Manor. It seemed the door she’d found to knock frantically on belonged to the kitchens; her senses were instantly assaulted by the smell of roasting beef, making her mouth salivate. She swallowed with difficulty and followed the servant through the clouds of steam.They emerged into a narrow back passageway. “Wait here,” he ordered. “I’ll fetch Sir Dobby.”Hermione did so. Even in this unimportant part of the servants’ area, the floor was made of smooth stone, the walls draped with silken hangings. She barely had time to marvel at the Slytherins’ wealth before the servant was back. Behind him trailed what she thought at first was a child; upon closer inspection it turned out to be a man, but one so short that he barely came up to her shoulder, and she herself was no giantess. “You can return to your duties now, Bulstrode,” the steward ordered.The servant bowed and retired.“What is your name?” he asked, when it was merely the two of them in the passage.Hermione’s fingers twisted in her robe. “Hermione Granger, sir. A Gryffindor by birth.”“I see,” the steward said. She noticed that his eyes were rather remarkable, huge and palely green. “Your parents?”“Wendell Wilkins and Monica Granger, sir. Both thought dead.”His swift look let her know that he had noted the fact that she bore her mother’s surname, a sure indication of her bastardry, but all he said was, “And what do you have to tell me, Miss Granger?”She recounted the entire conversation she had heard in the Hog’s Head. Sir Dobby’s indrawn breath when he heard the names Crabbe, Goyle and Macnair let her know what she needed to: that her information was useful. She allowed herself to relax slightly.“An interesting story,” he said. “If it is true, His Lordship and Her Ladyship will certainly need to hear it.”“Every word of it is gold,” she promised. He gave her an enigmatic look.“I shall let the duke and duchess decide. Come with me.”He turned and set off without looking to see if she was following. Her heart pounding, Hermione kept close on his heels. He led her through the passageways of Malfoy Manor. Hermione saw how the furnishings became more opulent as they passed away from the servants’ areas, how jewelled tapestries appeared on the walls and the floor turned from unremarkable stone to the dark gloss of expensive wood. Finally he stopped before a door and knocked.“Who is it?” A light, feminine voice called.“Sir Dobby, Your Ladyship,” he said. “I believe I have something of great import for you.”“Come in then,” the voice replied. The knowledge that she was about to face the great duke and duchess of the realm, the powerful royal figures whose stories she had read in history books at her village school, caught up with Hermione abruptly, and she fought to remain steady as she followed Dobby inside the room with her head bowed respectfully. She, Hermione Granger, was about to meet the Duke and Duchess of Slytherin! She was about to meet royalty! Mentally preparing herself for the awe and reverence their presences would induce in her, Hermione lifted her head. She blinked.The Duke and Duchess of Slytherin were naked.Lucius Malfoy was even more handsome than the stories had made him out to be; his hair fell to halfway down his back in a shining sheet of white-gold, somehow not detracting in the slightest from the arrogant, sharply masculine planes of his face. Powerful muscles rippled in his bare torso as he sat up in the immense four-poster bed. Lounging beside him, Narcissa Black was no less beautiful, her own hair a slightly darker shade of blonde as it spread out over the headboard. The only item she wore was an immense emerald collar that only drew attention to her full, milky-white breasts.Hermione tried not to feel faint. She kept her eyes determinedly fixed on Lucius Malfoy’s face as he demanded, “Who on earth is this?”“Hermione Granger, Your Lordship,” Dobby said. “She has overheard a plot regarding you.” He flicked her a glance. Catching it, she began her story.“Oh, I knew he was not to be trusted!” Narcissa cried when Macnair’s name was mentioned. She turned to her husband. “Didn’t I tell you so?”“So you did, my beauty,” Lucius said. His wintry-grey eyes were fixed on Hermione, who was trying not to notice as he simultaneously toyed with one of his wife’s pink nipples. “Go on, girl.”Hermione concluded her tale with the names of Crabbe and Goyle and looked at the couple expectantly. Narcissa sighed.“If you are telling the truth,” she said, “I will see to it that you do not regret it. Until tomorrow when we can ascertain this for sure, you will be an honoured guest.”“Of course, Your Ladyship,” Hermione said. ‘Guest’, she knew, translated to ‘prisoner’, so that if it was discovered that she was lying it would be easy for them to make her wish she had never been born, but she had nothing to fear; she really was telling the truth. She watched in astonishment as Lucius leaned over to kiss Narcissa as though they neither had an audience nor had been told of his planned assassination.“Come,” Sir Dobby muttered. They backed out of the room, although Hermione doubted that the ducal couple had noticed, they were so caught up in each other. She remembered that they had a son – some spoiled little boy, she seemed to recall – and pitied him, if he regularly had to contend with his overly-amorous parents. “That went very well indeed,” Dobby said. “Now, Miss Granger, allow me to show to your room.”“It did,” Hermione agreed, smiling. Her life, she decided, had just taken an unexpected turn for the better.

“Have you heard?” Alecto Carrow said eagerly. “The Prince is returning!”Hermione did not look up. She sat at the immense desk in her room, absorbed in a scroll of parchment one of her many contacts had sent her, frowning slightly. Reports came in for her all the time from all over Hogwarts, and Hermione Granger was now a very busy woman indeed.Her rise to success had been meteoric. The Malfoys had confirmed she was telling the truth about the assassination plot, of course. Crabbe, Goyle and Macnair had been rounded up immediately and placed in the dungeons. Hermione didn’t know precisely what had happened next, but she did know that the duchess’s sister Princess Bellatrix had arrived and spent quite a bit of time alone with the prisoners. Their screams had been audible throughout the Manor.Hermione, vindicated, had been given leave to ask one request of the Slytherins. She’d used her request wisely: she’d asked them for a job.Considering her social status, she had expected to be set to work in the kitchens, or the Thestral stables, but she’d underestimated her employers; Narcissa and Lucius Malfoy had recognised her intellect and put it to good use by appointing her as one of their legion of spies. It was her job to be their eyes and ears in the world and report anything she encountered back. She’d fulfilled this admirably, so much so that when their previous spymaster Bartemius Crouch had come to a rather unfortunate end, Hermione had been given his place.“Hermione!” Alecto said indignantly. “Are you listening to me?”“Of course,” Hermione said soothingly. Alecto Carrow was a good source of gossip. “What were you saying again?”The older woman scowled and crossed her arms over her chest. “I said, Prince Draco is returning!”“I know,” Hermione said. It was her bloody job to know. “I take it you’re excited?”“Along with every other red-blooded woman in this place,” Alecto said, smirking. “Gods, that boy…” She sighed happily. “Just looking at him makes me wet. You know?”Hermione didn’t. She’d never personally met Lucius and Narcissa’s only offspring, and if the rumours were anything to go by, she didn’t particularly want to. The young Prince Draco – he was nearly a full year younger than she was – was famed for exploits involving women and wine, like most typical pureblood males of that age. He’d repeatedly been found drunk with girls in his room at Eton. Any other boy would have been instantly expelled for such misdemeanours, but Lucius was on the board of governors, so naturally he’d received the lightest of wrist-slaps.Narcissa talked about Draco incessantly as well. It was clear that he was outrageously babied by his doting mother and affectionately indulged by his proud father; Hermione was rather jealous. Even before they’d disappeared her own parents had been the strict kind. Surprising really, when you considered that they’d had her out of wedlock.“He’s finally finished his schooling,” Alecto said, “and he’s coming back home to be married. You have no idea how much every woman in the Manor’s looking forward to it. I wish I knew when he was returning…”Hermione recognised a hint when she heard it.“In a few hours,” she said. Her eyes rolled. “Now please, for the love of the gods, will you get out and let me finish reading this in peace?”“I heard that Prince Draco had an orgy once with the Travers sisters and Druella Burke at the same time,” Alecto said thoughtfully. “They’re all blonde. Do you think he has a particular thing for blondes? Should I dye my hair?”Hermione gritted her teeth. Dammit, this was an important report she was trying to read here. “Feel free to do so. Also feel free to exit my room right now. Are we clear?”“Fine,” Alecto pouted as she sidled out. “You really shouldn’t be so mean to me. Otherwise I won’t ask the prince to include you as well when he invites me to fuck him. I was going to, you know.”“I think I’ll manage to live without having had a threesome involving you and Draco Malfoy,” Hermione muttered dryly.Her room now blessedly empty, she returned her attention to the report. It had been sent from the Three Broomsticks, a famously exclusive hotel in the Hogwarts capital of Hogsmeade. The owner, Rosmerta, was secretly loyal to Slytherin, and regularly passed on useful titbits about King Albus Dumbledore or Harry Potter, Viscount Potter.It had not taken much to turn Hermione against her king. After all, she did not know him: he had never offered her a job or a roof over her head, and had never reformed the country’s laws to enable her to procure either of those things easily. Additionally, as the Duke and Duchess had pointed out to her, the Dumbledore family was barely worthy of aristocracy, while the houses of Black and Malfoy had previously worn the Sorting Hat. They were the obvious choice of leader.The fact that she’d been promised a suitable role in their future court had played no small part in her decision, of course.Hermione’s coffee-brown eyes narrowed as she scanned the parchment. Rosmerta’s news was… interesting.

The King has decided that, now that his heir has finished his schooling, he must have a wife. To that end, he will be holding a Yule Ball in three days’ time, to show off all the daughters of the aristocracy so that Potter can choose a pureblood wife. Gossip says that he currently favours Lady Ginevra Weasley, but this changes almost daily – yesterday he was seen in the company of Miss Cho Chang, and last week he was being hounded by the Honourable Miss Romilda Vane.

A Yule Ball? Those hadn’t been held in Hogwarts for quite some time. It was traditional for pureblood families with sons to hold bride-hunting balls, of course, but a genuine Yule Ball was for the son of the monarch, and consequently there hadn’t been one since Lucius’s grandfather King Abraxas VIII.A Yule Ball meant hundreds of people. It meant gossip being exchanged and secrets being made, transmuting into the lifeblood of any spy worth her salt.But this was too important a chance to let one of her thousand lackeys go. Hermione was going to be at the Yule Ball herself.Done with the report, she threw it into the fireplace, where a fire burned day and night regardless of the weather outside. She watched it carefully to ensure that only ash remained. Many a spy had been discovered by failing to dispose of their correspondence appropriately. When that had happened to one of Hermione’s own spies, resulting in his capture by Hufflepuff, she’d dispatched him herself for his sheer idiocy.Hermione did not like idiots.Unfortunately, there was every chance that she’d have to meet one soon in the person of Prince Draco Malfoy, returning heir to the dukedom and – if all went well – one-day heir to the throne.She did not usually tend to make pre-emptive judgements about people; it was terribly rude, not to mention potentially fatal for a spy. (Hermione took spying very seriously). But in this situation, she’d been inundated with so much gossip about him – his godly looks, his innumerable feminine conquests, his propensity for drinking and spending money like it was going out of fashion – that she felt justified in deciding he was not somebody she wanted to get to know.She groaned and crossed over to her bed. As if it was her choice. Narcissa had already insisted that she wanted her chief of spies to meet her son, because after all, she would be his chief of spies someday. Hermione shuddered at the thought.She still had a few hours left before the prodigal son’s return. It was time to snatch some sleep.---Hermione was awoken by a fanfare of trumpets.She leapt out of bed instantly, knowing that the time had come. Curiosity drove her towards her window. It was forward-facing, and by peering out, she could see a huge black carriage drawn by skeletal Thestrals slowly trundling up the wide marble path. The Black and Malfoy coats-of-arms were painted on the door.It seemed that Prince Draco Malfoy had returned.The carriage stopped almost directly under her, several hundred feet down. Hermione leaned out a little further to optimise her view. The trumpets had stopped playing; a liveried servant hurried across to the carriage. He opened the door.Probably it was just her fanciful imagination, but the world seemed to hold its breath as the prince stepped out.Hermione was disappointed. Prince Draco was tall, muscled lithely rather than bulkily, his hair so blond that the sun flamed off it. His skin was pale enough that she would have bet money on it glowing in the dark. The ivory tone was in stark contrast to the unrelieved black of his fine-cut cloak, robes and boots. From here she couldn’t see his face, but the way he began to walk inside the castle suggested casual arrogance, a slinky high-handedness that would doubtless infuriate at some point down the line.Yes, she was disappointed. Why was it that – for once – the rumours about his looks had turned out to be true? Rumours were never true!She wriggled into a set of moderately fancy dress robes. She didn’t want to look like she was trying too hard, but there was no need to come down looking like the poor peasant she’d once been. A quick brush of her hair made it as non-bushy as it would ever be.Then Hermione waited. She would be summoned when the time was right.The time became right a scant half an hour later; there was a tentative knock on the door, and her barked “Come in!” revealed a blushing young maid.“Yes?” Hermione said.“Her Ladyship’s askin’ for your kind presence in the Green Room, ma’am,” the girl said, unable to meet Hermione’s eyes. “The – the p-p-prince D-Draco –”“You may leave,” she snapped.Looking as though she were biting back a giggle, the housemaid fled. Hermione began to be worried. It seemed that his effect upon women had not been exaggerated either, if the stuttering and blushing was commonplace. Really, it was ridiculous!She brushed herself down once last time and proceeded to one of Malfoy Manor’s many drawing rooms. Inside, she could hear Narcissa’s girlish laughter, along with an unfamiliar, deeper voice. She gathered her self-confidence around her and knocked.Hermione advanced into the room. The Green Room was, unsurprisingly, green; hung in every shade of it, from emerald to jade to grass. Narcissa sat in Lucius’s lap in a chartreuse armchair. There was a figure sitting straight-backed in the sofa beside them whom she carefully avoided looking at.“At your service, Your Lordship, Your Ladyship,” she said crisply.“Hermione!” Narcissa said brightly. “There’s someone I’d like you to meet. Draco, darling,” she turned to the sofa, “this is Hermione Granger, my spymistress.”Left with no other choice, Hermione mentally prepared herself for otherworldly beauty and dropped a curtsey. “At your service, my lord.”She saw him as she straightened. Draco Malfoy’s face was not, as she had rather expected, a younger copy of his father’s. He had Lucius’s gunmetal-grey eyes, yes, but the stunningly fine bone structure could have come from either of his parents, and his full pink lips were neither as cruel as his father’s nor as pouty as his mother’s. Instead they looked rather sulky. Though when he pursed them like that, yes, she could see how they had hints of ruthlessness which would become more evident as he got older –Hermione realised with horror that, despite all her mental preparation, she was still staring. The duke and duchess looked amused. Draco himself seemed fairly bored. He must be used to it, she thought resentfully. Living around people who looked like the Malfoys was going to give her a complex.“Pleasure to meet you, Miss Granger,” he said. His eyes dipped down her body, lingering at the pronounced curve of her hips. Hermione fought a glare. She knew her hips were horrendously wide, but did he have to make it so obvious? And did his gaze have to feel like it was leaving a trail of fire across her skin?She pulled herself together and very firmly faced her employers. “I have news, Your Ladyship.”“Do tell,” Narcissa said.Hermione thought she could still feel him staring. Or rather, the truth probably was that her subconscious actually wanted him to be staring; she didn’t particularly want to be attracted to him, but since it felt like a bloody biological imperative to be attracted to him right now, her subconscious must be sending her these weird little signals that made it feel like he was possibly undressing her with his eyes from behind her. The thought made her hot.She resolved to give her subconscious a stern talking-to and tried again.“Um, yes. So. I’ve received a report from Madam Rosmerta, the proprietor of the Three Broomsticks in Hogsmeade, and it seems that the King is planning on holding a Yule Ball for his heir –”“You have the invitation to that, don’t you, son?” Lucius said suddenly.Hermione was forced to look at him then.“What? Oh, yeah, I do,” Draco said lazily. He was staring at her. She coughed.“I’m in his year at school,” he continued. “Or I was, I suppose, since we’ve just left. He’s a right prick. And insufferably stupid.”“So was his father,” Lucius said. “James Potter was a couple of years under me at Eton… didn’t know the meaning of self-control.”Draco rolled his eyes. “I’m not sure you do either, Father. Could you please not do that when I’m in the room?”“So sorry, darling,” Narcissa said, batting her husband’s hands away from where they’d been slipping inside her bodice. “In any case, you must be exhausted. Off you go!”With relief, but also a strange disappointment, Hermione hastily backed out of the room.

Hermione had only taken two steps in the direction of her room when she was forestalled.“Granger! Hey, Granger!”Unable to ignore a direct summons by her employers’ son, she pivoted on one foot to face him. The princeling stood a few inches away, his eyes alight with amusement.“It would be more appropriate to refer to me as Miss Granger,” she corrected stiffly.“Okay, Granger,” he said. His tone was perfectly agreeable. His expression – she could only describe it as, somehow, simultaneously smug and saintly – was not. Hermione reminded herself of his elevated social status compared to hers and pasted a benevolent smile onto her face.“Can I help you with something, my lord?”“Well,” he said, smirking in a way that made him even more bloody breath-taking, “I couldn’t help but notice how you were looking at me in there. And I’m a good lord. My parents always told me to see to my people’s needs. So, why don’t you come to my rooms tonight and let me see to your needs?”Hermione froze. “I beg your pardon, my lord. I don’t believe I heard you correctly.”“There’s no need to play hard-to-get, I’ve said I’ll fuck you tonight,” he said, rolling his eyes. “Though I’m not entirely sure why. That hair of yours looks like a broomstick tail, you know, and as for your teeth –”Flames zipped through Hermione’s bloodstream, but not in the pleasurable way that they had back in the Green Room; her vision blurred, a haze of red descended over her brain, and the next thing she knew her palm was stinging and there was a blazing handprint across Prince Draco Malfoy’s aristocratically pointed cheek.“Shit, woman, was that really necessary?” he said, scowling at her. Hermione backed away slowly. Her hands sprung to cover her mouth in horror. Gods above, what had she done? She’d just lost her job! No, she’d assaulted the ducal heir – she’d just lost her head!“– really, I’m not sure you’re aware of what an honour that is –”She only vaguely registered that he was still talking. Her mind was too busy running through images of her body relieved of its head and innards, with her head on a spike by Traitor’s Gate like they did to criminals. And the snakes… Snakes were found in abundance throughout Slytherin, and an ancient legend said that if every last one were ever to leave Malfoy Manor, the county would fall to its enemies. The snakes were fed on the hearts of criminals; she saw her own heart being carved out of her chest and fed, raw and beating, to a massive poison-green python…No. She was Hermione Granger, spymistress to the Royal House of Malfoy, and she wouldn’t let herself meet as ignoble an end as that. She’d escape. Take a Thestral, get into the Forbidden Forest. But they’d send an Auror after her, and those bastards specialised in catching criminals; she didn’t stand a chance.“Merlin, Granger, are you alright? You look like you’re about to throw up. Or faint. If it’s the first, mind you stay away – these dragonhide boots cost me a fortune.”She blinked rapidly to refocus her vision. The prince was staring at her with his eyebrows pulled together. If she didn’t know better, she’d say he looked concerned.“I’m fine,” she said faintly. The sight of the handprint on his cheek was reminding her of the magnitude of her error, so she forced herself to keep her gaze on his eyes instead. Merlin knew those were distracting enough.She steeled herself for a declaration of his intention to have her thrown in the dungeons. To Hermione’s astonishment, it never came; he lounged against the wall and flashed her a grin instead.“If you get like this when you’re angry, Granger, I cannot wait to get you in bed,” he said half-admiringly.It seemed that her arrest was not to be imminent. Hermione found her tongue. “Malfoy, haven’t we just established that I’m never getting in your bed?”She waited to see what his reaction would be to the use of his surname instead of ‘my lord’. He only smirked and shrugged. The boy seemed to spend an inordinate amount of time smirking, probably because he knew how handsome he looked when he did it.“You’re a spymistress. Note that the word mistress is in there. Now, I’d like to make it clear that I’m not in the market for a mistress – too much commitment – but it ought to be pointed out that –”She considered everything she’d heard about him, and blurted out something she knew would change his mind. “I’m a Mudblood.”He blinked. “What?”“I said, Malfoy, I’m a Mudblood,” she said, enunciating clearly. It was the outcome she had wanted, so she didn’t know why her insides were squirming uncomfortably at the expression on his face. “As in, my parents weren’t married. Added to that I was born in Gryffindor, a county I’m told you hate because Lord Potter is from it, and my parents were farmers. You see?”He seemed to shake himself. “I do see. But why does it matter? After all, it’s not as if I’m proposing to marry you. Lots of my friends have had encounters with Mudbloods. That’s perfectly acceptable.”She was unreasonably incensed at the reminder that she was not good enough, would never be good enough, for anything more than an 'encounter.' Not even as a mistress. After all, in some cases mistresses were held on par with wives, and a Mudblood could never be placed into such an exalted position, could she?“I will not be your paramour, Malfoy, and that is final,” Hermione snapped. “Now leave me alone!”She stormed off, ignoring his look of shock. No doubt he was amazed that anyone had the willpower to resist him. Well, here was a nasty surprise, because she – the brightest spymistress of her age, as Narcissa had laughingly dubbed her – certainly did.

Hermione tried to avoid Malfoy for the rest of the day. At first it was easy enough; he retreated to his room, to do whatever it was princes did, while she read another series of mostly trivial reports.Then the gong rang for supper. She descended to the Great Hall, freezing when she saw him sitting at the High Table by his parents. Of course he’d be there. He had been sipping elegantly from a goblet, but he looked up swiftly as though he had sensed her approach through the hubbub, and she was relieved to see that the slap mark had faded.Hermione paused when she reached the High Table. The general rabble sat on benches at separate tables dotting the Great Hall, but as spymistress she’d worked her way into a coveted seat here. What was this, though? Her seat – normally fairly far from the ducal couple, next to an Auror called Rosier – had suddenly been moved closer, her initials HJG embroidered on the hanging at the back of the chair. Now she was sitting significantly closer to the Duke and Duchess, with Malfoy positioned a little further down on the opposite side. She slid into her seat warily.“Hermione!” Narcissa greeted. The sweepingly low cut of her gown exposed numerous love-bites her emerald collar failed to hide. “We have visitors.”“Yes, my lady,” she replied, picking up her cutlery.Lucius shifted. “I shall do the honours,” he said. “Blaise, Lady Pansy, this is Hermione Granger. Miss Granger, here we have the Honourable Mr Blaise Zabini and Lady Pansy Parkinson.”“A pleasure, Miss Granger,” Zabini said. His voice was deep and smooth. Hermione, sitting directly opposite him, ran through her mental files and saw that his mother was a minor aristocrat who had been widowed in suspicious circumstances seven times. Judging from the brilliance of his smile, he had inherited her charm.Lady Pansy Parkinson, in contrast to her dark-haired and dark-skinned companion, was pale and dishwater-blonde. Hermione’s brain informed her that she was the only daughter of Slytherin vassal Perseus Parkinson, fifth Marquess of Parkinson. The girl’s smile was cutting.“Hello, Miss Granger,” she said.Hermione smiled back. “I’m honoured to meet you.”“These are very good friends of Draco’s, and they’ve come to stay for a while,” Lucius said. “I believe they’ll turn out to be quite helpful to you.”Her eyebrows raised. “Really?”Lady Pansy laughed. “No need to sound surprised, Miss Granger. Blaise and I can be quite helpful, you know. We’re not as useless as we look.”“Oh, I wasn’t –” Hermione began to protest.“Unlike Draco, who’s even more useless than he looks,” Blaise interrupted. Despite herself, Hermione joined the two of them in their laughter. It seemed that Malfoy had heard; he had turned his head to face them and was glaring furiously.As dinner progressed, Hermione did what was expected of her and engaged her dinner companions in conversation. “So, Lady Pansy, have you visited Malfoy Manor often?”“Just Pansy will be acceptable,” she said. She gave another one of her vicious smiles. Possibly she didn’t intend them to look as frightening as they did, because she turned out to be surprisingly friendly, at one point confiding that she and Blaise had known Malfoy since age seven.“And he was just as much a little git then as he is now,” she said affectionately. Hermione smirked at hearing the hopefully-future king described in such terms. “He used to catch flies and tear the wings off – it really was the sweetest thing, would have brought a tear to your eye. And he’d run after the servants with sharpened sticks, especially Dobby. Good old Dobby. He had to put up with a lot from us.”She leaned out to see the steward at his table and waved. Sir Dobby waved back merrily.Finally supper was concluded, and a servant rang the gong again to dismiss the diners. “Come,” Lucius said. “There is a matter that needs discussion.”Hermione nodded and followed him into a small antechamber off the Great Hall. She was not usually introduced specifically to guests; no doubt she was about to learn exactly how these two would be helpful to her. Malfoy, Narcissa, Pansy and Blaise filed in after her, the room filling up to a slightly uncomfortable level. Malfoy was standing right behind her. She tried to ignore the fact that she could feel his regular exhalations gently waft against her bush of hair.Hair he’d insulted, the rude little twerp.“So,” Narcissa said, “as we all know, the Yule Ball is being held in three days’ time, and it will be a golden opportunity for reconnaissance against the enemy. Real reconnaissance, not whatever is gleaned from dusty corners and half-heard gossip. Naturally, Draco, Pansy and Blaise all have invitations. It is imperative that Hermione be there, so she will be travelling in the guise of Pansy’s lady’s maid.”Hermione and Pansy exchanged lightning-fast glances. The other girl’s expression was speculative.“So that’s why you made me leave Avery behind,” she said. Then she gave Hermione a critical look. “Are you even any good at doing hair?”“Of course she isn’t,” Malfoy said. “Have you seen hers?”“Draco!” Narcissa said, sounding shocked. “Don’t be so rude. Though he is right, Hermione. Pansy will need to look presentable at the Ball.”Hermione gritted her teeth. “I shall endeavour to do my best, Your Ladyship.”“Excellent,” Narcissa said. “The four of you will set out early tomorrow morning, so make sure you get a good night’s sleep. I won’t be needing it, but I’ll still be going to bed now, along with my lovely husband. Draco, dear, remember to knock before you open our bedroom door. We don’t want a repeat of the Feather Incident, do we?”While Malfoy made a retching sound, she swept out of the antechamber, an amused-looking Lucius following.“Your parents are sex maniacs,” Blaise said. He sounded as though he were trying to bite back laughter.“I know,” Malfoy said sulkily. “It’s bloody disgusting, is what it is.”“I think it’s sweet,” Pansy said. “What about you, Hermione?”“I think that since Malfoy’s apparently a sex maniac too, I don’t see that he should be complaining,” she said.There was a moment of shocked silence, then Pansy and Blaise burst into laughter. She felt Malfoy burning a hole into her with his gaze and smirked.Wait, no. Why on earth was she smirking? That was his signature move. She modified the expression into a smug smile and left for her own bedroom.And her own, lonely bed.

Hermione was awoken at the crack of dawn by a jab to her shoulder.“Ow!” she gasped, sitting up. Her hand automatically scrabbled under her pillow for the knife she kept there, but then she recognised her attacker and stopped.“Pansy?”Lady Pansy Parkinson was standing by her headboard, arms crossed across her chest, foot tapping impatiently.“Who else?” she said. “Get up, we have loads to do and not much time to do it in.”“But we leave for Hogsmeade at nine of the clock and the gong hasn’t even been rung for reveille yet,” Hermione said in confusion. The early-morning sunlight was bright enough that she could see Pansy was fully dressed.“We’re not going to Hogsmeade yet,” Pansy said irritably. “Merlin, Hermione, would you get up already? We need to pack your trunk.”“I packed it last night,” she protested as she swung her legs out of bed.“Yeah, with the sort of things a washerwoman might wear. And Lady Pansy Parkinson’s lady’s maid does not dress like a washerwoman. My gods, is your hair always like that?”Hermione caught sight of herself in the mirror and winced. Since she’d just woken up, the curls were sticking straight out like a lion’s mane, and she thought she could see a white drool-line at the corner of mouth.“Not always,” she said defensively. “Here, I’ll brush it. See?”She grabbed her hairbrush from the dressing table and drew it viciously through her tangles. Pansy watched in awe. By the end of it, massive balls of hair were stuck in the bristles and Hermione felt as though she’d lost half her curls, but she looked slightly more presentable than before.“Get dressed and meet me in the Great Hall,” Pansy said. “In no less than five minutes. Okay?”She left with a slam of the door.Hermione obeyed her instructions and strode into the Great Hall, feeling significantly more awake after she’d splashed her face with cold water, in four minutes and forty-nine seconds. It was mostly deserted; but to her surprise, she found a heavy-eyed Blaise Zabini and Draco Malfoy sitting at the High Table opposite Pansy.“Finally,” Pansy said as Hermione slid in next to her. “You were cutting it close. Here, eat this.” She thrust a bowl of porridge at her.Her puzzlement mounting, Hermione sprinkled brown sugar onto it and tucked in. Blaise and Malfoy were yawning into their own bowls of porridge. Neither of them had looked up at her entrance.“What’s going on?” Hermione said after a few moments of silence.“We’re going shopping,” Pansy said. “I refuse to have my lady’s maid dress like you do.”“She’s not really your lady’s maid,” Blaise pointed out. He shot Hermione an exhausted smile. “Morning.”“Nobody else knows that,” Pansy retorted. “And why are you two so tired?”“We snuck into Father’s stock of Firewhiskey,” Malfoy muttered.Hermione stared. “Are you stupid? You knew we were leaving on a trip this morning, and you went and got drunk?”“It’s tradition,” he said, looking up to glare at her. His eyes were slightly red-rimmed. “Whenever Blaise comes over, out comes the Firewhiskey. Besides, I – hang on, why am I explaining myself to you, anyway? You’re the help!”“I will be, yes,” she agreed. “I’ll be a massive help in putting that Sorting Hat on your head. Though for the life of me, I can’t think of a worse candidate for future ruler!”“I can. You. Gods, you’d be a horrible Queen,” he said snappishly. “All high-and-mighty and by-the-book and goody-two-shoes and holier-than-thou –”Hardly knowing she was doing it, Hermione leaned over the table, closer to him. He leaned in as well to meet her halfway. She was so near that she could see flecks of green in the greyness of his furious eyes.Merlin, but this boy could make her livid like no-one else.“I’d still be better than you!” she hissed. “You’d be disrespectful, philandering, corrupt, wine-sodden, idiotic –”Pansy banged on the table. “THAT IS ENOUGH!”Hermione and Malfoy jumped away from each other as though they’d been slapped. The air was crackling with tension; Blaise’s expression was avid, as though he was a spectator at a Quidditch match. Pansy looked annoyed. It was difficult to tell, though, because she generally always looked to be some degree of irritated.“Shut up, both of you,” she said more quietly. “I don’t know why you don’t seem to be able to get along –”“Really, Panse?” Blaise cut in. “Someone as worldly as you like to pretend you are? You can’t tell why Draco and Hermione are burning up the air around them?”She gave him a disdainful look. “A gentleman never interrupts a lady, Zabini.”“Yeah,” he said. A wolfish grin appeared on his face. “But I’m no gentleman, and you’re no lady.”To Hermione’s surprise, a faint blush stole across Pansy’s cheeks. So it was like that, was it? She glanced at Malfoy to see if he had noticed. He rolled his eyes at her and went back to spooning porridge gingerly into his mouth.“Anyway,” Pansy said loudly as Blaise smirked to himself, “we need to go shopping. That’s why I’ve woken you all up early.”“Why do Blaise and I need to go?” Malfoy whined. “Why can’t it be just you and Hermione? Shopping is for girls.”“So is spending hours in front of the mirror to admire your lovely blond hair,” Hermione said. “Doesn’t stop you.”“You’ve just met me, you don’t know how much time I spend on my hair. And for your information it’s hardly any,” he objected, a little too quickly for belief.“Bollocks,” Hermione scoffed. “Nobody’s hair is that good without –”She stopped abruptly, realising precisely what she was saying. Malfoy pounced.“Go on, Granger. You think my hair’s good, do you? And how was it I heard you describe it a few seconds ago? Ah, yes, ‘lovely blond’. Well, Granger, you could have spent all of last night running your hands through it, if you weren’t a frigid virgin who –”“Not a virgin,” Hermione growled. She wondered if smoke was coming out of her ears, because her head certainly felt as though it was about to explode.His jaw dropped in mock amazement. “You mean there was actually someone who found you attractive enough to bed you?”“You found me attractive enough to offer an invitation to your bed,” she fired back. “Maybe I’d even have taken you up on it, if you weren’t such a condescending berk.”This time the jaw-drop was real. “I – you –” he spluttered.Hermione smiled victoriously at him and turned back to her porridge. Suddenly remembering that there were other people at the table, she looked up. Blaise and Pansy were gawping.“Shut your mouth, Blaise, I can see the food in it,” she said, wrinkling her nose. He snapped it closed with an audible clack and continued chewing. Pansy regarded her for a few more seconds, then looked at Malfoy. He was grinding his teeth together and looking thunderous.“Change of plans,” Pansy said. “I see what you mean, Blaise. It’ll just be us girls going shopping, because I fear for the innocence of my eyes if Draco comes along.”“You and innocent in the same sentence. Hah, good one,” Blaise chortled. Pansy aimed a reproving glance at him.“I don’t have the money for this,” Hermione moaned as Pansy made her try on yet another set of outrageously expensive robes.“Rubbish. You’re a spymistress. You probably make more than half the castle put together,” Pansy said. “Besides, this one’s only three hundred Galleons! Why, that’s not even as much as a good pair of dancing slippers!”“I don’t own one of those either,” Hermione griped.She and Pansy had been shopping for about an hour now, and she had to admit that she was having fun. With typical pureblood arrogance Pansy had awoken the proprietor of Twilfitt & Tattings so Hermione could try on every overpriced robe they had. So far she’d agreed to buy three; Pansy apparently wanted her to buy up half the shop. “Oh, that’s lovely,” Pansy said fervently as Hermione emerged from the changing rooms in a periwinkle-blue set. “You’re definitely getting that. And the red, and the green. It’s Draco’s favourite colour,” she added slyly.Hermione fixed her with a flat stare. “Why would I care?”“Why wouldn’t you?” she said, blinking faux-innocently.Hermione decided to fight fire with fire. “Well then, is pink Blaise’s favourite colour? Because you’ve worn nothing else since I’ve met you.”“What? Well, why on earth would I care?” Pansy choked out.“Exactly,” she said smugly.Momentarily admitting defeat, Pansy made a tactical retreat from the field of battle. “We’ll take these four,” she said to the yawning assistant. “Pack it up quick, my good man. I have places to be.”“Certainly, my lady,” he said. Hermione shimmied back into her normal robes with slight regret. Those blue dress robes had been quite pretty. She forked over a horrifying number of Galleons, received a wrapped parcel in exchange, and trailed after Pansy as they walked back through the Rich Quarters to Malfoy Manor, which had just begun to stir as they returned.Pansy stopped before they had quite arrived. “So,” she said, trying for casualness. “What makes you think I’d wear any colour for Blaise?”Hermione hid her smirk. She’d watched the other girl shift all the way up here; it had only been a matter of time before the question was broached.“I’m a spymistress, Pansy,” she said amusedly. “I can tell these things. And I can tell you that you have rather a tendre for Mr Zabini.”“He doesn’t like me back,” Pansy muttered.Hermione raised her eyebrows. “No? That’s not the impression I got this morning.”“Oh, that? That was just flirting. He’s like that with everyone. He doesn’t like me as anything more than a sister, which is also the way Draco likes me.”“Well, you know him better than I do,” Hermione said in placatory tones. “If you say he doesn’t like, he doesn’t like you.”Pansy rounded on her. “When we go to the Yule Ball. Can you… watch him, maybe? See how he acts with me, with other girls? If there’s even the slightest hope he feels anything for me, then I need to act. Because Parkinsons get what they want. But if I’m wasting my time on him then you need to need to let me know, so I can move on. Because Parkinsons don’t pine.”“Of course I can,” Hermione said, quite touched. “It’s no problem.”“Thank you,” she said fervently.The carriage was bigger than most peasants’ dwellings. However, it transpired, this was not big enough to satisfactorily contain all four of them.“No more!” Hermione roared when Blaise and Malfoy’s game of Exploding Snap sent her into a coughing fit. “I’m going to choke to death!”“That’s hardly incentive to stop,” Malfoy said to Blaise out of the corner of his mouth.Hermione, who had been in the carriage for three hours and was beginning to feel slightly frazzled, let out a shriek and tried to lunge at him. Fortunately Pansy was sitting beside her and managed to restrain her.“There, there,” she said soothingly. “Draco, honestly, how immature can you get? You’re acting like you’re five!”“Blame Granger. She seems to bring it out in me,” he said. Hermione thought that her own sense of claustrophobia was being exacerbated by seeing him; he was sprawled opposite her across the carriage seat, supremely relaxed, a position which somehow irked her greatly. He ought to be sharing in her discomfort. Snarling, she closed her eyes to try and alleviate the sick churning of her stomach.He was wearing those black dragonhide boots he’d been so concerned about. If she did throw up she was definitely going to do it on him.The Exploding Snap game was put to the vote. Blaise defected, and so Malfoy was overruled: Pansy folded the cards away into her reticule. Glaring at his friend with mutters of ‘traitor’, Malfoy curled up and apparently went straight to sleep. Of course he could, Hermione thought sourly. She noticed that he looked rather like a large cat like this – one of those white tiger things she’d once seen in a travelling circus, its pelt soft and golden…Against all odds, she managed to drift into sleep.Hermione had never been to Hogsmeade, let alone the Tower, which was the name of the castle in which the King and Lord Potter resided. She stared in fascination out of the window as the carriage trundled majestically up to the front doors. Everywhere she looked were footmen and porters arranged around other carriages. Banners and coat-of-arms flew in all directions.“Stop gawking, Granger. You’ll embarrass me,” Malfoy said. His voice was rather like a mosquito whining in Hermione’s ear; she ignored him.Eventually they were forced to get out, as it was their turn for the footmen to carry off the trunks. While this was happening she committed her surroundings to memory. She already a blueprint of the Tower, of course, under the false bottom of her trunk, but nothing compared to seeing it in person; it rose dark and stately against the sky, so tall that the top was wreathed in clouds. She wondered if anyone had ever fallen from it.Her gaze went to the carriage which had been unpacked before hers. The coat-of-arms on its door bore a ducal coronet, and by straining her eyes she thought she could make out a roaring red and gold lion. The House of Weasley, then. Gryffindor had arrived. Her suspicions were confirmed when a tall, lanky young man with flaming hair appeared from around the carriage and walked up the castle steps.“My lords, my lady, it is my pleasure to show you to your rooms,” a servant droned. “As for you, the servant’s quarters are down five floors and –”Hermione was startled. In her new dress robes she looked no better or worse than Pansy; how had he been able to tell?“She’s my lady’s maid. She will be with me,” Pansy said haughtily.The servant nodded. “Of course, my lady. Follow me.”Trying to hide her provincial awe – she doubted that she was entirely successful, because Malfoy shot her a sarcastic look as they climbed the steps – Hermione entered the Tower.

The bottom expanse of the Tower was taken up by a huge ballroom, which was currently closed to the guests, although Hermione could hear sounds of yelling and hammering from behind the carved oaken doors. Instead the servant led them up a looping spiral staircase. She wondered if the staircase extended all the way up to the top of the Tower, and resolved to find out as soon as possible.“Here, my lady,” the servant said, pausing before a door with the number 92 engraved on it. “These are the accommodations for you and your maid. The password to this particular room is ‘Fanged geranium.’ My lord, Mr Zabini, if you could follow me…”He led the boys further down the passageway.“Well, let’s see what the King’s hospitality is like,” Pansy murmured. “Fanged geranium. Everyone knows he’s poor as a church mouse –”“Lord Potter isn’t,” Hermione pointed out as Pansy swung the door open.“Yes, but he can hardly host his own Yule Ball, can –”She stopped abruptly in the doorway. Hermione pushed her.“What’s wrong? Pansy –”She, too, froze at the sight that met them. It seemed that King Albus Dumbledore’s hospitality was not quite as mean as they might have expected.The room was several times the size of her one back at Malfoy Manor; her old farmers’ cottage could have fitted inside, and with space left to spare. The soaring ceiling was buttressed by marble pillars carved to look like mythical animals. There was a four-poster bed which could have fit ten, a bookshelf, a large sunken area which she surmised was for bathing, a fireplace with two armchairs and a rug in front of it, and even a bedroll on the floor which she realised was for her. The entire room was hung in Slytherin green and silver.Who would have expected a room of this magnitude behind that utterly unprepossessing door?“Merlin,” Pansy said faintly. “It’s as big as the throne room in Malfoy Manor!”Privately Hermione agreed. She remembered how Malfoy had given her that sardonic look as they’d been entering, in response to her ill-concealed awe, and she wondered how he was reacting to this unexpected splendour.“Come on, let’s unpack and change,” she said briskly. “It’ll be time for supper soon, no time to waste!”Their trunks had already been brought up by the footmen. She went to hers, which had been placed by her bedroll, and flipped up the lid. The clothes within remained in precisely the same arrangement as she’d put them in. Good; no-one had been snooping.“You’re right,” Pansy said, apparently snapping out of whatever daze she’d been in. “We do need to change! Okay, time for your first test of skill as my lady’s maid: what shall I wear to supper?”Hermione went over to Pansy’s trunk and examined the contents. “Um. This?” She held up a high-necked green robe.“No, no, that’s all wrong! It’s evening, we need to show some bosom,” Pansy said impatiently. “Here, I’ll wear that red one you’re holding.” She promptly began to strip off.Hermione regarded the red dress robes dubiously. That neckline was rather low, wasn’t it? But she couldn’t be bothered to protest, since it wouldn’t do any good anyway. She dutifully laced Pansy in then changed into a fresh set as well.“Let’s go see Draco and Blaise’s rooms now,” Pansy said. “We have time before dinner.”“We don’t know where their rooms are,” Hermione pointed out. Pansy scoffed.“Really, there’s no need to stumble at the first hurdle! We’ll find their rooms. Honestly.”They wandered down the passageway. Their feet sunk into a plush scarlet carpet, eyes passing over curved walls hung with slumbering portraits. Most of the figures inside had white-blond hair and proud, merciless expressions on their aristocratically angular faces. Oh yes. These were Malfoy’s ancestors, weren’t they? After this realisation she began to pay closer attention to the portraits, seeing his nose here, his lips there. Watching the progression of these characteristics throughout the years was strangely fascinating. Some of the portraits were familiar to her because they also hung in Malfoy Manor, and as she passed more than a few waved to her.Finally Pansy admitted defeat. “We’re going in circles,” she said, slumping against an expanse of empty wall. “Literally. I suppose we’ll just have to wait till supper.”“We could always ask a portrait,” Hermione said. “Excuse me, your highness?”Every Malfoy male in the vicinity looked enquiringly at her.“Crown Prince Armand, I mean,” she clarified. The figure in question – Draco Malfoy’s great-great-great-great-great-granduncle, who had died before inheriting the Sorting Hat – swept her a gallant bow.“Miss Granger! What a pleasant surprise. You required my assistance?”Hermione smiled. She did so like Armand; some of the older portraits tended to hiss expletives at her, outraged that someone of her blood inhabited their ancestral home, but he was one of the better ones.“We’re looking for Prince Draco,” she said. “Do you know what room he’s in?”“Ah, my great-great-great-great-great-grandnephew,” Armand said thoughtfully. “A wild one, that one. I believe you’ll find him in Room 49. Or possibly 48.”“Merci beaucoup,” Hermione called as Pansy began to drag her off.“Here’s 48 and 49,” she said eagerly. “Which one shall we pick first?”“48,” Hermione decided, and rapped smartly on the door. It opened a few moments later to reveal the redheaded young man she’d seen outside.“Yes?” he said, his brown eyes widening when he saw her. Then he looked past her at Pansy. His lip curled.“What are you doing here, Parkinson?”“As your single brain cell should have told you, Weasel, I’m here for the Yule Ball,” she snapped.“As if. There’s no way Harry would ever pick you, and Dumbledore isn’t senile enough to think so. Who did you have to bribe to be let in?”“Nobody. But at least I have sufficient funds to bribe people if needed,” she said coolly. “Whereas you and your uncivilised tribe can’t even feed yourselves, forget about greasing someone’s palm to better your place in society.”“Now, now, Pansy, you ought to apologise,” Malfoy’s silky voice said from somewhere behind them. His normal bored tone had sharpened, softened, until Hermione felt it like velvet-covered claws being drawn over her skin. She shivered. That voice was dangerous. “Looking at his mother, no-one could ever doubt that they do, at least, manage to feed themselves.”“It’s probably where all the money’s gone in the first place,” Blaise joined in. His eyes were gleaming with malice.The redhead bared his teeth in a snarl and coiled as if to strike. “Fuck off, Zabini. We can’t all have mothers who use murder as a source of income.”He raised an eyebrow. “Was that an accusation, Weasel?”If Hermione didn’t do something, blood was going to be shed. She could read it in the cruel anticipation on Blaise and Malfoy’s faces and Pansy’s narrow-eyed smile. He was a Weasley, of course they hated him – Slytherin and Gryffindor had an age-old rivalry, and not counting her, it was three against one. She cut in.“Isn’t someone going to introduce me?”Pansy looked blankly at her for a second, as though she’d been so caught up in it that she’d forgotten who Hermione was, then her face cleared. “Hermione,” she said, “meet Ickle Ronniekins, also known as Won-Won and Weasel. Weasel, this is my lady’s maid Miss Granger. She might be a Mudblood but she’s about ten thousand times better than you so you will refer to her as Miss Granger at all times.”“Ickle Ronniekins? Won-Won?” Hermione repeated.Malfoy grinned at her. For once, there was no hostility behind it – at least, none directed at her – and it smoothened the sharp planes of his face.“Yeah,” he said. “That’s what his dearest Lav-Lav calls him.”“You shut your mouth,” Weasley bellowed. “About my mum, about Lavender, all of it, or I’ll ask Harry to –”He stopped and breathed deeply, apparently overcome by the strength of his emotions. The tips of his ears were bright red.“My dear boy, you really ought to learn to control yourself,” a Malfoy portrait said lazily. “And as for you, descendant, I believe it’s time for you to head down. Don’t go stirring up trouble, now. We’re watching.”“Yes, Grandmère,” Malfoy muttered. “Come on.”He sloped off. Hermione cast a last glance at the fuming Weasley and followed.

“That seemed… personal,” Hermione commented as the four of them started descending the spiral staircase for dinner. “Is there a particular reason you don’t like him?”“He’s a Gryffindor,” Pansy said. “What more reason do we need?”“I’m a Gryffindor too. By birth, anyway,” she pointed out.Blaise snorted. “You don’t count. Since you’ve apparently been taken under Draco’s mother’s wing, you’re a Slytherin now. And besides, he was insufferable at school too.”“Him and Scarhead. It was fucking torture,” Malfoy agreed. His pale brows were drawn together in a scowl. “Always had to go running off on their own, wowing the teachers with sheer stupidity, getting away with all kinds of bullshit just because he helped kill him…”“Someone sounds jealous,” Hermione said, smirking. She was only partly teasing. He sneered at her as they came to the bottom step.“I’m Draco fucking Malfoy, darling. People are jealous of me.”“There’s the Draco we know and roll our eyes at,” Pansy said. “Come on!”A liveried servant directed them to a pair of smaller doors beside the ones which led to the ballroom.“Names?” he said, quill poised over a piece of parchment.“Prince Draco Lucius Malfoy, Marquess of Wiltshire. Lady Pansy Medusa Parkinson, the Honourable Blaise Zabini, and –”Malfoy paused and glanced at her. “Got a middle name, Granger?”“Jean,” she said. He nodded and turned back to the servant.“Miss Hermione Jean Granger.”The man was too well-trained to betray any surprise at her distinctly un-aristocratic name. “You may enter, my lords, my ladies,” he said. “You will find your names by your assigned seats.”Malfoy inclined his head and swept past without a word of thanks; Hermione shot him a slightly uneasy smile to make up for it and followed.The dining hall was about the same size as the one at Malfoy Manor. However, instead of a High Table paired with hundreds of smaller tables, there was a single massive table in the shape of a square which edged around the entire room. Already a few men and women in glittering robes were seated in their places.“I’m here,” Pansy said as they began to follow the lines of the table to find where they were. Her lip curled as she read the placards on either side of her. “Lord Gregory Goyle and Lady Cho Chang? Are they serious? He’s bloody ugly and she’s boring as death! Was that really the best they could do for me?”Blaise sniggered. “Eighty Galleons the Weasel had something to do with it?”“Done,” Pansy said furiously. “He knows better than to try a stunt like that against me.”“He’s a Gryffindor,” Malfoy drawled. “They don’t know any better. Let’s go, Granger, before Pansy starts throwing a tantrum.”Hermione bit back a smile as she and Malfoy walked on. Point one in favour of Zabini, she thought. He had stayed behind – apparently to comfort her – while Pansy’s other best friend had left without her.“You’re here, Granger,” he said, pausing. “You get Goldstein and Abbott… not bad.” He pulled the chair out and looked expectantly at her. Hermione blinked.He raised an eyebrow at her stunned expression. “I am a Malfoy, you know. I know perfectly well how to treat the lady I’m accompanying to a ball. Now, here’s a hint, you say ‘thank you, Draco’ and smile prettily – if you know how – then you sit your arse down here, so that –”“Thank you, Draco,” she said, rolling her eyes at him as she sat. “Are you quite done?”“For now,” he said. “See you in a bit, Granger. Try not to perish of boredom without my scintillating presence.” He sauntered off.Hermione muttered a few choice things about his ego under his breath, but they lacked any real heat; she rather thought that Malfoy’s outrageous bigheadedness was at least partially a front. Surely nobody was that arrogant in real life.Right?“Haven’t seen you before,” a voice commented, jolting Hermione out of her reverie. She jumped and turned.“Oh! Lord Goldstein!”Anthony Goldstein, fifth Baron Goldstein, dropped heavily into his seat beside her. It was common knowledge that he was a minor Ravenclaw noble who spent half his time trailing after Lord Potter. What was not common knowledge, but which Hermione knew thanks to her exalted spymistress position, was that he was a tad over-fond of the bottle. She eyed the full wineglass in his hand. In turn, he eyed her with undisguised interest.“So, who’re you?” he asked. “One of those Jorkins? You do have rather the look about you… but then, that hair! Who does it remind me of? A Slughorn, perchance?” He grinned rakishly and tilted the glass to his lips. Hermione smiled stiffly.“I’m here in affiliation with Prince Draco Malfoy, my lord.”“The little Slytherin heir,” Goldstein said. He stabbed a fork into the roast chicken that a silent servant had deposited on his place. She did the same. “What’s Draco up to these days? Still raising hell? I’m in his year, you know, and the things he got up to – why, a mere mortal like myself would’ve seen my arse booted out like that – but of course, Daddy was there to make it all better!” He bit down with slightly more viciousness than the task warranted.Hermione gazed at him through narrowed eyes. He looked perfectly normal: agreeably, if blandly, handsome, with rich clothes befitting his station and alcohol-flushed cheeks. But that little tirade had held more than a hint of bitterness. She made a mental note to have him investigated more closely and smiled, relaxing into her chair. This was what she’d come here for. Now she was earning her keep.“I can see how the prince might be permitted more leeway than the average student,” she murmured.Goldstein snorted on another gulp of wine. “And gods, did he know it. Anyway. You said you were here with him. What family are you from again?”She made a split-second decision and hoped it would pay off. “I’m a Mudblood, my lord.”“A Mudblood,” he repeated. He had gone motionless, and for a moment Hermione feared that she had made a mistake. But then a leer spread across his features. “Damn me, so you’re his latest bit of muslin! I thought you might be a cousin or something. Well. This certainly changes things. And he actually brought you here? Here? His mother’s such a stickler for the rules, old Cissy’s going to murder him. Such a mama’s boy he is, too.”Hermione made diplomatic sounds of agreement, though Goldstein hardly seemed to need it.“Go on, you can tell me,” he said, leaning forward with a conspirational air. “How’s the baby snake in bed? Terrible, I’m guessing. I mean, I know I could hear the girls he took up to his room moaning their heads off, but that’s probably because they were hoping to be the next Lady Wiltshire, or something. Right?”“Oh, the prince is dreadful,” she said earnestly. “He’s a horrible lover. He – he –” she searched for inspiration, her own forays into sex having been few and far between. “He climaxes far too early! After mere moments!”Hermione fervently prayed that Draco never discovered what she had just said, or she was one very dead spymistress. Already she could see him turning his head quizzically from down the table in response to Goldstein’s booming laughter – along with a large majority of the hall. She fixed a smile onto her face and silently commanded the drunkard to shut up.He did so, finally, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes. “The baby snake comes too quickly? You, darling, have just made my day.” He looked at her appraisingly. The wineglass was empty. “You’re wasted on him, you know. How long has he contracted you for?”“Until he gets tired of me,” Hermione said.Goldstein ran his eyes over her figure. He did not look lustful, precisely, but there was more in his face than the idle curiosity of before.“Well, I’ve never known him keep a jade for longer than a week. What’s he paying you? I can double it.”She allowed her incredulity to filter into her gaze. He shrugged.“Okay, maybe not double it, but I’m sure I can match whatever it is he’s giving you. You’re a Mudblood, honestly, how much can you charge?”“More than you can afford, my lord,” she said. Her voice cracked over his skin like a whip; he visibly flinched, she noted with satisfaction, and returned his attention sullenly to his plate. But he’d be back. A boy like him wouldn’t appreciate being bested by a girl like her. Yes, he was certainly one to watch.Happy with the proceedings, Hermione concentrated on her delicious honey-glazed lamb.“So, you and Goldstein looked cosy,” Draco drawled.The two of them were ascending the spiral staircase to their floor, Pansy and Blaise having gone on before. It was pitch-black, since the meal had lasted for hours with the traditional seven courses of a Yule Ball; the only illumination came from the occasional torch flickering in its bracket as they passed it. His hair gleamed like lightning in the gloom.“He holds rather a tendre for you,” Hermione said, smirking. “Wanted to know what you were like in bed.”“No,” he said. He stopped dead. His voice was weak with disgust. “Me? And Goldstein? No.”Stopping too, she bit back a laugh. “There, there, Malfoy. It’s alright to like your own sex. Living in self-denial is not healthy, for you or for anyone. In fact – yes, I see it now! You poor boy, you thought having multiple orgies would somehow reaffirm that you weren’t queer, didn’t you? I’m sorry to inform you of this, but –”“I. Am. Not. Queer.” The words were a growl so deep she had to strain to make them out. “And if I were, I would die before touching Goldstein.”She reached her hand out to pat his arm. “Honestly, Malfoy, I know an excellent Mind Healer –”One moment, her fingers were brushing at the slinky silk of his robes, feeling the hardness of muscle beneath. The next, her back was slammed against the wall of the staircase, her head crashing into an empty portrait frame as a pair of hands wrapped around her neck. Pain flared.A wave of hot breath washed over her face. It stank of wine.

She needed to protect him, it was her job, his parents were counting on her. She could not let the Malfoy heir die on her watch. She scrabbled blindly at the hands choking off her air supply, one hand seeking the knife she had strapped to her thigh. But she couldn’t see anything and she couldn’t breathe and where was her bloody knife and –Suddenly the wrenching pressure around her throat was gone. She dropped to the ground, gasping in air, only dimly aware of the grunts and squeals coming from a few stairs higher up. By the time she had recovered it was over. Hermione stared.“Malfoy?”He looked… angry. Furious. Raging. His grey eyes blazed, face twisted in hatred as he hoisted himself, panting, to his feet. Her eyes dropped to the figure sprawled across the steps separating them.“My gods! Malfoy!”She bent down. Goldstein was still alive, but barely. The silver snake-handled dagger buried in his chest ensured that he wouldn’t remain that way for much longer. He gurgled as Draco knelt and pulled it out in one fluid motion. Blood sprayed out of the wound.“My gods,” she repeated faintly.Draco looked at her impatiently. “Honestly, Granger. Tell me you’ve killed people before.”“Of course I have!” she snapped. “I just…”Didn’t expect you to have.Though on second thought, she wasn’t sure why. Both his parents looked capable of murder, which they were. She’d just thought their son to be too much of a pretty-boy rake to be the same.Obviously, as Goldstein could have told her if he hadn’t been dead, she’d been wrong.Though damn, Malfoy looked hot like this, covered in blood he’d spilled himself, a gloriously angry expression on his face.Angry? That someone had tried to kill her?“What are we going to do with the body?” she hissed. “And the mess? And the questions?”“Leave it to me,” he said. “We’ll just ask one of my relations. Now, would you like to explain to me what the hell just happened?”She sighed.

“He’s frightfully jealous of you,” Hermione said. “Well. He was. Spent the entire dinner banging on about you, telling me how unfair it was that you got away with so much at school. A point I agree with him on, by the way,” she added sententiously.Draco rolled his eyes. “Spare me the lecture. So, how does that translate into an ill-judged attempt to murder you?”“I doubt he was trying to murder me, actually,” she said. “He was under the impression that I was your mistress. He probably was trying to rape me.”She said the words calmly enough, but her heart beat faster at the memory of scrabbling hands and wine-sodden breath. He reached out and awkwardly tapped at her shoulder. She frowned.“What was that?”He scowled. “That was comfort, Granger, I’m sorry I bothered if – ”She didn’t quite know what had come over her. One moment, they were standing a relatively respectable distance away from each other, sniping as usual; the next, she had her arms around him, and she had no idea how it had happened but she was hugging him, and he was hugging her back and he wasn’t half bad at it either. She buried her nose into the juncture of his neck and shoulder, inhaling something spice-scented and no doubt expensive, whilst his pointed chin rested on top of her head. With a frisson of shock Hermione realised that she was shaking. She’d had a hard life, yes, but it had been so long since she’d had to put herself directly into the field and actually fend off rapists…It was with more shock she realised that Draco wasn’t using the hug as an attempt to feel her up. His large hands spanned her back, burning through the dress robes, and one of them lifted itself occasionally to pat her rhythmically. He was getting better at this comfort thing. Huh.With rapidly-stifled disappointment she disengaged herself – his arms remained stiff for a second, as though unwilling to let her go, and she had to exert more pressure – and finally she drew back. Her gaze lifted cautiously to meet his. The silvery eyes dropped awkwardly, and he cleared his throat.“So,” he said. “Um. What do we do with the body?”Shit, the body! Hermione whirled around. Unfortunately, it hadn’t vanished during her and Draco’s little clinch. It still lay sprawled and malignant on the spiral stairs.“So much for having done this before,” she snarked at him. He scowled.“I’m a prince, I have people to handle the disgusting bits like body disposal for me.”Rolling her eyes, Hermione started to back off. Thank God they were back to their familiar bickering.“You stay here and look after it,” she said. “I’ll go and find one of your ancestors, ask if they know any good hiding places.”“They’re my ancestors,” he argued. “I should be the one to go and talk to them. Why don’t you stay here and look after it? Besides, what do I do if someone comes? What do I say?”“Nobody’s coming, Malfoy,” she said in a long-suffering voice. “There aren’t many important people left downstairs still eating the second dessert course… Just the Duke of Hufflepuff, yes? And his niece, the Countess of St Mungo?”“Grindelwald,” he said. “Don’t forget Grindelwald.”Hermione hadn’t. Sir Gellert Grindelwald, the King’s right-hand-man, was tall and golden, with burnished-bronze hair and an unlined face that belied his age, which was reportedly close to that of the King himself. Rumour had it that they had been friends from boyhood. As Dumbledore’s chief advisor, his significance was unquestionably massive; he had of course been present at dinner, seated at the High Table by the King.“He won’t come upstairs,” she said. “His quarters are closer to the ground floor, by Dumbledore’s, so he can attend the King immediately if his presence is required. Now, will you stop whining and do as you’re told?”Ignoring his loudly muttered comments on her parentage, intelligence and appearance, she descended into the darkness.“Crown Prince Armand?” she called softly. There was no reply. Hermione hadn’t expected one. She had noted that there were very few portraits hung on the staircase: most of them decorated actual floors. A flickering torch revealed to her that even the one painting which graced this particular staircase was empty. She’d have to get onto the next floor.It was past midnight. Luckily for her, nobody seemed to be stirring; doubtless everyone was busy getting their beauty sleep for tomorrow night, which would be the first night involving actual dancing and would last into the wee hours of the morning. She padded softly around the circular floor.“Your highnesses?”Most of the Malfoy portraits were asleep, and Hermione knew better than to wake them. Tamping down her rising frustration, she continued.“Madame. You require assistance?”The voice came from an area of wall she had passed already, believing all its occupants to be asleep, and she had to double back on herself. One of them seemed to have awoken. It was a boy – a young one, her age, sitting stiffly in a straight-backed chair inside a relatively small (though of course still ornate) frame. His large grey eyes blinked at her in a vaguely reptilian manner. Not Draco’s eyes: Narcissa’s. Tilted exotically at the corners, lighter and more penetrating somehow than the eyes of the Malfoys. Milky-pale skin, a face born to sneer, sleek jet-black hair; even had Hermione not memorised the appearances of everyone even vaguely connected to the four counties’ ruling families, she would have recognised a member of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black.“Mr Black, sir,” she said, executing a deep and respectful bow.Regulus Arcturus Black was Draco’s first cousin once removed, the paternal nephew of Narcissa’s father Cygnus III, who had overthrown King Abraxas VIII and been overthrown himself by that upstart Riddle. He had a portrait hanging in Malfoy Manor, of course, but she had never actually seen him in it.“You’re that Mudblood Granger girl,” he said. “Cissy’s spymistress. She says you’re a good one.” His voice was the harsh rasp of stone on stone; Hermione remembered that he had been tortured to death, which would probably explain it.“I am, sir,” she said, flattered that Cissy had evidently been gushing about her to her dead cousin. “I’m afraid Prince Draco – that is, Lord Wiltshire – and I have run into something of a quandary – we had to despatch an individual who attempted to attack us, and we would like to request some assistance in the matter of disposal.”He examined her. His gaze was flat and bitingly cold, like Narcissa’s in a rage. Ice slid down Hermione’s spine. He might be forever eighteen years old, but there was something ageless in his eyes, a kind of living darkness which trueborn Slytherins had. “You are fortunate,” he said at last. “The carpeting in the Tower is an ancient centaur gift – the blood will already have cleaned itself away. Take the body to the gardens. The Thestrals are always hungry, and they leave not even bones. Who was it?”She bowed again. “Lord Goldstein, sir. Thank you.”“Goldstein,” he repeated. “Ravenclaw, yes? I doubt you will have any problems – people might notice he is missing, but none will stir themselves to search. Sometimes I am of the opinion that those who inhabit Ravenclaw are of colder blood than we Slytherin serpents. Goodnight, Miss Granger.”“Goodnight, sir.”Careful not to turn her back on him – he might not be royal, or even actually titled, but he was a Black nonetheless – she retreated back to Draco.“You took your time,” Draco groused as she hurried up the stairs towards him. He was sitting several steps higher than the body, batting it lazily in the head with the tip of one glossy dragonhide boot. Hermione frowned.“Stop that! The dead deserve respect.”He looked at her incredulously. “That bastard tried to kill us!”“The dead deserve respect,” she repeated. “I’ve had to assassinate in my time, of course, but I’ve never stripped them of their dignity…”“You saint,” he sneered, like it was a horrible insult, but he rose to his feet nonetheless. “Well? Which of my mouldering, dearly departed ancestors have you finagled into assisting us?”“That would be Regulus Black,” she said mildly. “Now, listen up, we need to get him out into the grounds for the Thestrals…” When she levered the body up she found that he had been correct: there was no sign of blood left on the veiny grey stone. They had to hurry. Most of the guests might already be in bed, but she didn’t want to risk coming across the odd straggler.Draco’s leanly muscled body was stronger than it looked. Together, they stumbled down eighteen flights of stairs to the ground floor, where Hermione paused, panting heavily. How were they going to get into the gardens? The door to the grounds was several corridors away, and involved passing the great dining hall, where pools of light still spilled out from whoever was still feasting. The blueprint of the Tower she had memorised contained no other method of entering the grounds. She communicated the problem to Draco, and could sense an eyeroll despite the darkness.“Honestly, Granger, you call yourself a spymistress,” he said. “I’m a Malfoy. My blood’s been here for generations. I know all the secret ways, and conveniently for us there’s a passageway which leads directly into the Queen Invidia Gardens. I just need to remember where it is…”She ground her teeth. “All the secret ways were on my blueprint, Malfoy, I have access to only the best. Your mother gave me the blueprint herself!”“Yeah, well,” he said, smirking. “Here, hold him for a second, will you?”Hermione staggered as he pushed the full weight of Goldstein’s body into her arms and strode off to examine a row of suits of armour. “Git,” she muttered under her breath. Gods, to think she’d voluntarily hugged him…“Found it!” he said triumphantly. He pressed down on the pickaxe held by one suit. There was an almost inaudible grinding sound, and a section of wall behind the armour slid smoothly away. Hermione ground her teeth harder.“It’s not that my mother doesn’t trust you, of course,” Draco said airily as they stumbled their way along the passage, which had shut itself behind them. Hermione tried not to think about the two of them never finding the exit and suffocating here, in pitch darkness, where tiny bones crunched under their feet and the walls were so narrow that they brushed her shoulders on either side. It turned out that Draco was a good distraction.“I mean, imagine if you’d been caught by Dumbledore and tortured to reveal all your secrets… wouldn’t want all the Black-Malfoy Secret Ways falling into the hands of that little canker, would we? Especially not that Potter cunt!”“Shut up,” she snarled at him over her shoulder. But she didn’t really want him to; his voice was a welcome reminder that it wasn’t just her alone in this claustrophobic passage, dragging a murdered man’s body behind her. So it was a good thing that he didn’t oblige her.“Honestly, you and your Mudblood manners. Believe it or not, only two people have ever told me to shut up in my life, and I had to seriously think hard about it before I decided not to have them tortured for their impertinence.”“Blaise and Pansy,” she guessed.“Indeed. I wonder what they’re doing now?”“In their beds, I imagine, like most sane people are at this time of night… A-ha!” she exclaimed joyfully as under them, stone and bones gave way to grass, and a cool breeze rustled over her face. A thin sliver of crescent moon gleamed faintly from far above.The gardens, cultivated by Malfoy’s great-great-who-cared-how-many-greats-Hermione-was-exhausted-grandmother Queen Invidia, were nothing but dark clumps; the only thing she could make out with any certainty was the koi pond several metres away from the tree base they appeared to have emerged from. She eyed it.“How are we going to get back in?”“Leave it to me, baby,” he said smugly. She pulled a face at him.“I’m tired, let’s hurry this up. No time for you to go running your mouth.”“There’s always time for my delectable mouth,” he said, but he must be tiring too, because without too much comment they managed to make it to the herd of skeletal black horses grazing silently in a corner of the expansive grounds, outside the hedges which enclosed Queen Invidia’s Gardens. As always, Hermione shuddered when she saw them. They weren’t ugly – in fact, quite the opposite. Any dancer would have killed for the deadly grace of their bony limbs, and their wings of course were magnificent – several feet across and tipped with claws at the joints, a breath-taking display of muscle and bone. But something about them still set her teeth on edge, and she was glad to dump the body at the edge of the herd and return to the tree trunk. When she glanced back, she saw that the animals had engulfed the corpse and were already stripping it methodically of flesh.“That went well,” Draco said in satisfaction as they climbed the staircase once more, this time without being accosted by drunken attackers. Hermione sighed.“We really could’ve done without it happening, I’m dead on my feet now.”“I’ll walk you to your door,” he said in a tone that brooked no argument.When they reached it she hesitated. What should she do? A mere ‘goodnight’ seemed paltry, somehow. After all, they’d killed a man together and disposed of the body in each other’s company. In her world, even sex was less intimate than that.The pause had become awkward. She didn’t quite dare to meet his eye, but she could sense the amusement radiating from him as he leaned against the wall like a big lazy cat, apparently in no hurry. She needed to get rid of him.“Goodnight,” she said, and before she could talk herself out of it she darted in, pressed a kiss to his pale cheek, and raced inside the bedroom.Walking to his own bedroom, Draco kept pressing his fingers to the spot she had kissed, a distinctly dazed expression on his face that Hermione would have been gratified to see. 

Pansy awoke the next morning in a surprisingly good mood, and as they prepared for the first night of dancing Hermione discovered why.“You see, the problem,” she confided as Hermione laced her into a set of silken red robes, “is that Blaise is very like his mother. Lovely woman, just like a third mother to me – after Cissy, of course – but they flirt like mad. Flirting is like breathing to them.”“Mm,” Hermione said, remembering the seven husbands. She frowned down at a hairstyle manual. Pansy had picked number seven, the Desdemona, ignoring Hermione’s frantic protests; it consisted of a mass of interwoven braids and looked slightly more complex than the implicit differentiation of theoretical vectors. Taking a deep breath, she pushed Pansy down at the dressing table and started brushing.“So,” Pansy continued, “I’ve always tried not to take Blaise too seriously… which hasn’t actually been too hard, because he’s not really a serious person. But last night we – ouchouchouch!”A large clump of anaemic blond hair had come away in the bristles. Hermione cringed. “Damn, sorry.”“Try harder,” Pansy snarled. “Honestly, why Avery couldn’t have come with us too I shall never know…”For all that she had proved surprisingly willing to confide in a Mudblood Gryffindor, Hermione was reminded that Lady Pansy Parkinson was still the daughter of a marquess, the blood in her veins not red but blue: sobered at the realisation, she returned to brushing her hair, as gently as she could manage.“What was I saying? Oh yes, so last night Blaise walked me up to our room, and it was all lovely and dark, and naturally I couldn’t invite him inside because that wouldn’t have been proper at all but we had a wonderful conversation outside in the corridor. It made me realise that we don’t really spend an awful amount of time with each other without Draco…”Nodding whenever there was an expectant pause, Hermione devoted her full concentration to ensuring that Pansy was ready for a Yule Ball.“Done,” she said three hours later.She stepped back to survey her masterpiece. As spymistress, she was of course well acquainted with makeup and its excellently disguising qualities, but very rarely had she ever had to apply it to someone else. The result was not displeasing. Pansy’s ashy-pale cheeks had been given a pleasingly heightened colour with rouge, her lips similarly reddened; strategically placed bands of colour provided the illusion of higher cheekbones, while dramatic wings of kohl framed feline blue eyes. And if the Desdemona braids on her hair did not quite match the picture in the manual, very few would have been able to tell.“Not bad at all, for a novice,” Pansy said approvingly. “Just in time, too! Will you be coming down too?”Hermione nodded. “Yes, this is the first night – it’ll be a great opportunity for me to mingle with the other guests.”“You’d better get ready then,” Pansy said, glancing at the discreet clock-face on the wall. “And make sure you’re presentable, especially that hair of yours. I won’t have anyone thinking a Parkinson hasn’t employed only the best.”“I am the best. I’m the best spymistress,” Hermione said pointedly. “Not lady’s maid.” She wriggled into the periwinkle-blue dress robes she’d bought at Twilfitt & Tattings. As usual, her hair was only marginally improved by a liberal squirt of Sleekeazy’s Hair Potion, but the blue of her robes looked remarkably pretty against the caramel brownness of her skin, hair and eyes. Even Pansy pronounced her passable.At precisely six minutes to seven there was a sharp rap at the door.“That’ll be the boys,” Pansy said, moving gracefully to let them in. “Cutting it rather fine, weren’t they – um…”Her voice trailed off faintly. Alarmed, Hermione hurried to her side, and found herself struck similarly speechless.Blaise and Draco stood in the doorway.Their robes themselves were nothing to write home about. Elegant, yes, expensive, of course, but the same refined black-and-white combination would be worn by almost every male tonight. It was the way they wore them: arrogantly, confidently, with a dash of careless rakishness (Hermione retained enough self-awareness to be horrified at what was undoubtedly the inanest thought she had ever had in her life) which somehow attracted the eye like a magnet. Blaise frankly oozed sensuality. The cheekbones of his unsmiling face could have cut glass; an aura of menace clung to every line of his muscled body, the kind of menace which would have quickened Hermione’s heartbeat – had she not laid eyes on Draco.In contrast, Draco was smirking. As Hermione’s gaze collided – almost unwillingly – with his, his grin grew wider, wickeder, as though he knew precisely what she was thinking. Specifically, she was thinking that he looked like a fallen angel: his lips were red and lashes long without cosmetic aid, his face so perfect she clenched her fist behind her back to make sure she had not unwittingly reached out to touch it. The amusement in his eyes made her blood heat. Blaise was handsome, yes, but Draco – for whatever reason – took her breath away.“You clean up alright,” he said. His eyelids drooped as he scanned her length and paused on the swell of her breasts, arrested. She prayed her nipples hadn’t peaked. “For a Mudblood, that is.”“You clean up alright too. For a prick, that is,” she fired back and immediately felt more like herself, her nipples forgotten. For a fleeting moment she froze, wary of the outcome of speaking to such an exalted personage in a manner more suited for a guttersnipe, but he rocked back on his heels and let out a velvety chuckle.“We should really head down now, you know. One isn’t fashionably late to a Yule Ball. One is fashionably on time.”They both turned at Pansy and Blaise. The two were staring wordlessly at each other with rather gormless looks on their faces. Hermione darted a glance at Draco, who rolled his eyes at her in a weirdly companionable move and slapped Blaise’s back.“Pull yourself together, Zabini!”Pansy averted her gaze, flushing. The four of them descended to the ground floor of the Tower in charged silence.King Albus had outdone himself with the ballroom. Outside, the weather was bitterly cold, and it was shaping up to be the coldest Hogwarts winter on record; but inside it was crackling warm, like sitting by a good fire. The ballroom ceiling had been enchanted to mirror the star-spangled night sky. Every so often thick white flakes spiralled down to nestle onto people’s heads. Hermione was amused to see that Draco rapidly acquired so many snowflakes on his white-blond hair that they glittered like a circlet of diamonds. A sign that he would wear the Sorting Hat one day? She didn’t believe in portents of the future. But it was hard to deny that an indefinable sense of royalty dripped off him like cologne. If anyone in the room had been born to wear a crown, it was he.The room was huge, but even still it was difficult to move easily through the crush of people. The mingled scents of hundreds of people rose into the air. Where the dining tables had been yesterday was a space cleared for dancing. On the raised dais at one end of the room was an orchestra – and, Hermione saw with a jolt, the king himself, sitting erectly in an old wooden chair.She had only seen him in person twice before, and that from a distance. There was something simultaneously impressive and unprepossessing about him. Yes, he was nothing but an old (very old) man, with a trailing white beard, dressed modestly in midnight-blue robes with neon orange socks: but he was clearly extremely tall and his nose was straight and razor-sharp, like some great bird of prey. From behind half-moon spectacles his eyes were piercingly blue. Hermione felt a sudden sense that of relief that they were not fixed on her.   But of course. This was not any old man; this was Albus Dumbledore, who had slain the Dark Lord, a man whose viciousness had been even more legendary than that of the Blacks or Malfoys. Naturally he would be a formidable foe. She had known that two years ago.She had chosen to throw her lot in with the Duke of Slytherin anyway.“Hungry?” Draco asked her and Pansy. “They aren’t serving a full dinner today, just canapes, so if you need anything –”“I could do with some pumpkin juice,” Pansy said. She had started fanning at the spots of hectic colour in her cheeks. It was getting rather hot as more and more people packed themselves into the ballroom.“I’ll get it,” Blaise said instantly and vanished into the crowd.Draco snorted. “Requiescat in pacem, the old Blaise Zabini… shit, there he is.”“Who?” Hermione asked, though she already knew. Only a handful of people could bring out that tone in him.“Potter,” he and Pansy spat together.The man for whom the whole Ball was being held, so that he could find a bride, had just ascended to the dais and strode over to the king. Harry Potter, second Viscount Potter, was not particularly tall – slightly shorter than Draco, who was himself perfectly average in terms of male height, though significantly taller than Hermione – and of slim build, with narrow shoulders and a catlike walk. But his elfin face was sharp with intelligence, and Hermione saw that his eyes behind their glasses were a shockingly vivid green. Against the backdrop of his white skin and black hair they shone like emeralds. A lock of hair obscured the famous lightning-bolt scar on his forehead he had received in the course of battling Riddle.Draco was snarling softly under his breath.“You really hate him,” she commented unnecessarily. Lord Ronald Weasley had now climbed up too. His body seemed too big for him somehow, a fleshy contraption he didn’t quite know how to manoeuvre. Perhaps his immense height was to blame.“I fucking loathe him,” he growled. “I offered him the Malfoy hand of friendship, offered to take him away from those disgusting Weasels, and he dared to choose them! And if that wasn’t enough, he threw Dumbledore’s name around like Galleons, used it to get him out of every tight spot known to humanity, broke every rule in the book...”“So did you,” she pointed out lazily. He glowered at her.“I’m a Malfoy.”She rolled her eyes. Slytherins were nothing if not hypocrites, but she was nothing if not practical; they had given her food, shelter, clothing, and a good job where she was able to use her large brain to its fullest. Gryffindor County had contained none of those things.Speaking of her job – she stiffened as yet one more man loped onto the dais. The senses which had made her such a good spymistress were tingling. Sir Gellert Grindelwald’s face was not at all representative of the eight or nine decades he had been alive: it was bright with good humour and barely wrinkled, his eyes a deeper blue than Dumbledore’s, his hair still more golden than white.There had been rumours, of course. There were always rumours. It was entirely possible that they were nothing more than the best of friends. In fact, by now most people had accepted this, citing the lack of any evidence whatsoever that their bond was not merely platonic. But, Hermione realised as she watched Grindelwald lean in to whisper something into the king’s ear, this was not enough for her. She wasn’t the best spymistress of her age for nothing. She was going to find some evidence – or she was going to manufacture it.She didn’t personally object to same-sex relationships, but Draco’s great-grandfather King Brutus had banned them. Somehow neither Riddle nor Dumbledore himself had ever gotten around to repealing that particular law.Blaise reappeared bearing a goblet of pumpkin juice which he thrust into Pansy’s hand. “Never let it be said I do nothing for you, Fair Pans.”“Don’t you dare call me that,” she said, her eyes narrowing. Blaise’s mouth opened to retort, but at that moment Dumbledore rose to his feet and the entire ballroom fell silent.“Good evening, lords and ladies!” he said. His voice was not loud, but it still carried. “Welcome to the first official night of the Yule Ball. As your host, I bid you welcome, and may much merriment abound.”There was a storm of applause. Directly in front of the dais, by his feet, Hermione noticed a cluster of redheads who seemed to be clapping with especial enthusiasm: the House of Weasley. “By my side,” he continued, “is my heir, Harry Potter, in whose honour the Ball is being held. At the end of the week he will select his bride from. Eh, Harry?”He grinned roguishly at Potter. A delicate blush had stolen into his cheeks. “Yes, sir,” he said.“And now, without further ado – let the dancing commence!”“Right, I’m off,” Hermione said briefly to Draco. The orchestra had just struck up playing; already Blaise had spirited Pansy away to the dancefloor, while Draco – dragging Hermione by the hand behind him – had made a beeline for the table of drinks. His cool palm in hers was surprisingly comforting.“Fucking hell, this is daisyroot draught,” he said with a contemptuous toss of his head as he swigged from a goblet. “I’m going to need some of Ogden’s at the very least… wait, what do you mean, you’re off?”Hermione sighed. She was not used to explaining her every movement away while on assignment, but the little princeling seemed unusually determined to stick to her side. It was becoming annoying; she had a job to do after all.“I’m. Off,” she repeated. “Things to do, people to see, places to go…”“What? Who? Where?”“That’s my business, Malfoy.” She plucked a goblet of Butterbeer up and sipped carefully at it. His eyes narrowed.“I’m your employer, Mudblood. I demand a status report. Future employer,” he added as she started to remind him that his parents in fact paid her wages.Well, he wasn’t wrong. Glancing around to ensure that nobody was listening, she told him her recently formulated plan in a rapid rush of words.“I’m going to seduce Lord Ronald Weasley.”It was a good thing there had been no drink in his mouth at the time, because he immediately started spluttering.“You – you’re going to touch that – that – that filthy weaselly little –”“Shut up!” she hissed. Her eyes roved their surroundings, forcedly casual. “You’re going to attract attention!”The sneer on his face was a work of art. “I do apologise, Miss Granger. I just misheard you for a second. It seemed to me that you’d suggested willingly laying a hand on the poorest person in Hogwarts.”“I doubt he’s the poorest and anyway, Malfoy, poverty isn’t a disease,” she said, torn between amusement and exasperation. “I used to be poor.”“Yeah, but you lack the myriad other flaws he has in addition to being poor,” he said. “Being a Potter toady. Being a Dumbledore toady. Being thicker than two planks put together. Being – ”“I do whatever I have to do, Malfoy,” she cut him off. “I’m a professional. Now, I’m leaving. You enjoy yourself.”“I wanted to dance with you,” he said sulkily. She stared. His pout should be illegal.“I’m sure you will someday,” she tossed over her shoulder as she finally moved off, leaving him standing at the drinks table. “Maybe at your own bride-hunting ball, hmm?”The sound of his infuriated growl was music to her ears.Potter was dancing, sweeping along a pretty redhaired girl Hermione knew to be Lady Ginevra Weasley, but her brother Lord Ronald was not: he was leaning against a marble pillar next to the canape table, located at the other end of the ballroom from the drinks table. The intense crush of people was a godsend for Hermione, who barely had to feign her headlong stumble into his chest. “Careful there,” he said gruffly as he grabbed her shoulders to steady her. His blue eyes blinked down at her. “You alright?”Hermione gaped at him, allowing her mouth to drop open slightly (but not enough to expose her overly-large front teeth). Her heavily kohled lashes fell. Blinking faster, he pulled at the collar of slightly-too-tight dress robes in a deeply unfashionable shade of yellow.“Sorry,” Hermione fluttered after a long pause. Her face was scarlet. “I just – it was just – you’re – you’re really tall,” she got out.He straightened imperceptibly. It was true; he was several inches taller than either Draco or Potter, slightly taller even than Blaise.“Thanks,” he said, grinning at her. “What’s your name, then?”She wondered if he had forgotten her face from yesterday. She was wearing makeup now, but still… “Hermione. And you, my lord?”“You can call me Ron,” he said. She giggled and tucked some hair behind her ear. Her eyes were demurely cast downwards.As she had hoped, the giggle gave him self-confidence. “Would you like to – um – dance, Hermione? I think there’s a waltz coming up now.”“My lord! That would be amazing!” she gushed.“I told you, please, call me Ron,” he said as they made their way to the dancefloor. Out of the corner of her eye, Hermione caught sight of a dazzling blond head which could belong to none other than Draco, but she determinedly kept her attention fixed on her prey.“Alright… Ron,” she said breathily. As the dance progressed his hands dropped ever lower, until he was almost caressing her buttocks. She maintained the giggling breathlessness which seemed irresistible to him: when the waltz was over he suggested going to get a drink, which she turned into more drinks, and then led him back onto the dancefloor. As soon as they were off it she steered them towards the drinks table once more.  Unfortunately for her, he did not seem naturally inclined to the stronger drinks like Firewhiskey, but he did imbibe them occasionally, and he had consumed so many goblets of wine that several hours later he was quite blotto. She rather thought that the steady drinking was for courage. He and a certain undistinguished Gryffindor named Miss Lavender Brown had reportedly been on the verge of becoming affianced when she had abruptly severed the relationship; no doubt it was difficult for him to forget the blow. Hermione did her best to encourage him by getting closer and closer to his body as the night went on and laughing gratifyingly loudly at his jokes.Finally, her patience paid off. At one of the clock in the morning he wrapped his arm around her in a disgustingly familiar move. “Wanna go up to my bedroom, sweetheart? For some ­– hic – privacy?”“Oh! Ron, you scoundrel!” She swatted him playfully on his chest and he preened. Please,” she added in a lower voice, meeting his slightly unfocused gaze.His hand toyed with the fabric over her stomach as they left the ballroom. It was only marginally less full than it had been before: Blaise and Pansy were still there, as was Potter, although Dumbledore and Grindelwald had disappeared. She didn’t see Draco. For a moment she pictured him with some faceless girl, touching her the way Ron was touching her right now, and felt a stab of something she had to stifle hastily.Not my business. I have a job to do.Halfway to his room it seemed Ron’s patience had run out. Spinning her round so that her back was to the wall, he dove straight in. She’d had worse kisses, but his tongue in her mouth was like some wine-sodden, slobbering beast’s, and his hand pawed blindly at her breasts through the robes. She participated dutifully in the kiss for several minutes before disengaging herself.“Ron, please, your bedroom, now, I can’t wait any longer - I need you –”“Bedroom, right,” he muttered. “Here –”He kept her body tucked close to his as he scrabbled at the lock and finally managed to wrench the door open. Hermione had a vague impression of a soaring ceiling and red-and-gold hangings in the dim light before he threw himself back into the kiss with gusto. Slowly she wound her arms around his neck, rubbing her body against his and moaning loudly.Then her fingers pressed down on a point on his neck and he went out like a light.

Ron’s long body crumpled into itself, and Hermione dragged him over to his bed. The fact that he was Potter’s best friend wasn’t the only reason she’d chosen him; he was too poor to afford a valet, meaning no servants slept in his room the way she slept in Pansy’s. Helpful not to have witnesses around when you’d just knocked someone out.She straightened up and prepared to begin investigating his room. Her heart was pounding with a mixture of apprehension and excitement. No matter how many assignments she went on, that edge of fear never disappeared.His room was even larger than hers, if that were possible: here was clearly someone Dumbledore liked. Irritatingly, it was also a mess, with clothes rumpled everywhere and candles perched precariously on odd surfaces like a closed trunk. It was a miracle the moron hadn’t burned the Tower down by now.She scanned the room. There was a desk in the corner – always a good place to start. Then she’d move onto his trunk, and if that proved fruitless she’d begin a systematic search of the room. Hermione had just begun to move towards it when she froze.Someone was tapping on the door.Shit.Growing impatient, whoever it was proceeded to try the handle, useless since the door had locked itself behind them. She held her breath as she waited to see if they had a key. Who was it? Potter? Lady Ginevra? One of the assorted other Weasleys? Gods, what if it was the king himself?“Granger?” a voice hissed from behind the door.She nearly passed out with relief. “Malfoy?! What the hell are you doing up here?”“Coming to help you, what else?” His voice was distinctly annoyed. “Do you think you could let me inside now? Before someone sees me waiting outside a Weasel’s place?”She swung the door open and dragged him inside.Draco looked slightly the worse for wear since she had seen him last. His hair was mussed, and he had clearly been availing himself of the Firewhiskey; its pungent smell made her wrinkle her nose. If not for the fact that Ron stank similarly, she would have ejected him from the room in case the odour set off Ron’s suspicions when he awoke the next morning.“You didn’t fuck the Weasel,” Draco said. He ambled over to the bed. “Ye gads, is he a lightweight or what?”“Actually I rendered him unconscious through the employment of the nuchal pressure point,” she corrected. His gaze swung to her, burning silver.“That was hot. You’re so hot when you talk all clever, Mudblood.”She bit back her smile. “Come on, Malfoy. We have a job to do. Let’s start with that desk.”Parchments were scattered all over it, which actually helped – they didn’t have to worry about Ron being alerted by any disorder. She shuffled them up into a pile and handed half to Draco. He blinked down at them.“What am I meant to do with these, exactly?”“Just look for anything suspicious,” she said, skimming through her own pile. “You know, inconsistencies, slightly off letters which means they could be written in code…”She made a mental note to review Draco’s pile herself as well.They fell into silence, broken only by an occasional snore from Ron – whose unconsciousness had transitioned seamlessly into drunken sleep – and the riffle of parchment. Words and numbers blurred before Hermione’s eyes. She hadn’t gotten much sleep last night, what with disposing of Goldstein’s body, and the darkness of the room wasn’t helping. More than once she caught herself drifting off and awoke with a slight jerk.Hermione was on the point of setting aside her pile of parchment when she froze, her gaze catching upon a small table sketched in the corner of a hangover recipe. It was very faint, graphite rather than ink, but she could just about make out what it contained.1985      :           2000

1986     :           2200

1987      :           2700And so on it went, ending at ‘1993: 3600’. At first glance, there seemed nothing suspicious about it: whoever had drawn it clearly had hoped it would pass inspection as part of the recipe. But 2000 was the number of men and women each county (except Slytherin, of course) was permitted to recruit into its own personal army. And the numbers in the left-hand column were dates: the first one marked one thousand, nine hundred and eighty-five years after the founding of Hogwarts by the Four Founders, which was the date system employed by the land. They were currently in the year 1993.A feeling of faintness rose up in Hermione as she scanned the table. If she was correct – and she was fairly sure that she was – it looked as though the House of Weasley was, totally and utterly illegally, building up its private army.No. It looked as though the county of Gryffindor was building up its private army. And whom did Gryffindor hate the most? Which county was least likely to benefit from whatever was happening here?Her own, of course. Especially when Slytherin didn’t even have its own army.Her heart was roaring in her ears. “Draco!” she hissed. “Come here right now!” In her agitation, it even escaped her that she had accidentally slipped into using his first name.He jumped from where he’d been nodding off over his own pile of parchment. “Huh?” he said groggily.She held her breath as Ron grumbled and turned over in his sleep, then snapped quietly, “Come and read this!”He did so, eyeing her curiously. She watched his expression change from sleepy bemusement to slightly-more-awake bemusement as he read.“Granger, I’ll have you know that my own hangover recipe is a damn sight better than this one, and – ”“Not that, you idiot!” She pointed at the table. “Here. 2000. Does that number have any special significance to you?”“I can only think of two,” he said slowly. “One, that we’re only seven years from the two-thousandth anniversary of the founding of Hogwarts. And the other…”“Yes?” she said encouragingly. “Think!”Hermione was a big believer in making people work for answers. It was fortunate for her that teaching was one of the professions forbidden to her on account of her Mudblood status, because any pupils she taught would rapidly have grown to resent her.“Well, that’s the number of people those gits keep in their armies,” Draco said. “The army I can’t have,” he added with a scowl. “I tell you, when I’m king, I’m going to enjoy putting that bastard Dumbledore on a –”“Exactly,” Hermione cut in. “And according to this table, they had the standard 2000 soldiers in 1985… but now, eight years later, they seem to have grown to over 3000.”The news hit Draco like a bullet. “What the fuck? Those bloody hypocrites! I knew Potter and Weasley were up to no good! People that poor are always up to no good!” He advanced menacingly upon the prone figure on the bed, a martial light gleaming in his grey eyes.Alarmed, Hermione stepped in front of him. “Draco, no. We can’t do anything yet! We need to leverage this information. Besides…” She bit her lip. “Don’t you think it’s a little too, well. Obvious? The table was very blatant. What if we’re jumping to conclusions? I just can’t believe that information this sensitive wouldn’t be placed under lock and key.”Draco scoffed. “You, Granger, clearly have not been exposed to Weasels for any length of time. This is exactly how stupid they are.”“Still, we need to look for more evidence before we can act,” she said. With renewed alertness, she turned back to Ron’s desk. After protracted grumbling on the benefits of murdering weaselly little weasels, Draco did the same.Several hours later, Hermione called a halt to the proceedings.Draco had, unsurprisingly, long since grown bored; her spoilt little princeling was currently amusing himself by going through Ron’s wardrobe and sniggering at the number of holes and darns in his garments, particularly in his underwear drawer. Hermione considered reproving him – after all, her own clothing had been in worse condition a scant two years ago – but quickly thought better of it. She had better things to focus on.Namely, the fact that she now had incontrovertible proof that the House of Weasley was secretly arming itself with supplies and men.In addition to the table, she had unearthed a fragment of letter, in between the pages of a book, sent to Ron from one of his older brothers Lord Charles Weasley. The letter referred cryptically to a ‘stockpile’ of something in the Gryffindor capital city of Ottery St Catchpole. Most damning of all, she had also found an invoice from someone named Igor Karkaroff. The invoice itself was, harmlessly enough, for a new Niffler-skin rug. But Hermione the spymistress knew that Karkaroff was leader of the Durmstrang Initiative, a private mercenary group. Things were looking black for the House of Weasley.What remained to be discovered was the motive. The Weasleys were already in power: Ron’s best friend was Lord Potter, heir to the Sorting Hat. Moreover, he was likely to select Lady Ginevra as his bride at the end of the Yule Ball, giving the family even more influence. Why were they amassing men? And perhaps more importantly, did King Albus know about it? Hermione shuddered at the thought of the uproar the Dukes of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff would raise if they knew that Gryffindor was giving itself more men and that the king himself had sanctioned it. The entire balance of power in Hogwarts – an uneven balance, since Slytherin was defenceless in comparison, but a balance nonetheless – was in danger of being destroyed.Surely, Hermione thought frantically, the Weasleys hadn’t decided to stamp out their Malfoy rivals once and for all…She gathered together her little pile of evidence. “Listen up, Draco,” she said. “You have to leave now. Take these parchments and keep them in your room until the morning. Then – pay attention – I want you to go into my room to where my trunk is. There’s a false bottom to my trunk, three inches tall. You can access it by tapping in this specific pattern – ” she demonstrated with two fingers against the palm of her other hand – “then put the papers inside. Make sure nobody sees you. Not even Pansy. Do you understand?”Draco was frowning suspiciously. “Where will you be? Why can’t you do it yourself?”She took a deep breath. “I’m going to stay here. I have to be here when Ron wakes up, to convince him we really slept together last night.”“No,” Draco said, rising from his cross-legged position on the ground in a sudden blast. “Absolutely not. I forbid you utterly, Mudblood. Don’t even think about it.” His features were set in lines of irritation.It was, to be honest, no less than Hermione had expected. Draco seemed to have developed an oddly territorial streak where she was concerned, and she could not say she didn’t like it.“Look, Draco, think about it logically,” she said persuasively. “Ron is clearly an extraordinarily useful source. I’m going to need longer than one night to search his room. Morning’s nearly here anyway. If he happens to discover the loss of these parchments, the fact that I stayed for so long will convince him I had nothing to do it – especially if he watches me leave and knows I have nothing on me. Alright?”There was a long pause while he glowered at her. With a pang, she saw that the violet shadows under his eyes from a night of sleep deprivation made him look younger, sulkier, and above all incredibly adorable. She curled her hands into fists to repress the urge to hug him.“Fine,” he finally grumbled. “But don’t you dare fuck him.”She shook off the pang and raised an eyebrow. “Jealous, Malfoy?”“Not at all. It’s just the fact that the thought of a Weasel plus a Mudblood is enough to make me lose my breakfast,” he retorted. And, before she could claw back having the last word from him, he swept out of the door.

Hermione, whose antipathy towards Lord Ronald Weasley increased exponentially with every second spent in his presence, soon discovered that he was not a morning person. She watched the hours slip past fretfully. Seven of the clock… eight of the clock… and still he was snoring away. This was ridiculous! She couldn’t while away the morning in bed with him. In an uncharacteristic leap of faith, she’d entrusted some very valuable documents to Draco, and she couldn’t rest easy until she had assured herself that he had faithfully followed her instructions and stowed them safely in her trunk.Come to think of it, she couldn’t quite believe she’d told Prince Draco Malfoy of all people how to access her false bottom. Nobody else knew that! She must have been more tired than she’d thought.Hermione shifted restlessly. She had stripped off her robes and mussed her hair to give Ron the impression he had indeed managed to fuck her last night. She was currently lying parallel to his body on the mattress, clad only in a thin chemise, using his arm as a pillow. It was not a comfortable pillow, and she was rapidly tiring of waiting for him to wake on his own. Clearly she’d be waiting till kingdom come if she left it up to him.“My lord?” she murmured insistently. “Ron? My lord?” She poked at his bare chest.“Mum, go away, I’m getting up, I’m – ”His eyes flew open and he sat up, staring at her in incomprehension for several seconds before the fog cleared from his face. “Hermione!” His eyes dropped lower. She followed his gaze and found that the dark shadows of her nipples were visible beneath the sheer cotton.“Ah, so we – that is – ”He was stumbling over his words. Hermione forced out a giggle and wrapped one of her curls around her finger, thrusting her breasts out further.“You were so good, my lord!” Her voice was not one which any of her compatriots would have recognised as hers, either in pitch or tone.“That is – well – I’m glad to hear it,” he said, finally meeting her gaze. “So did we actually – by which I mean, I’m afraid I must have drunk rather too much last night, as I have absolutely no memory of –”She took pity on him and leaned forward, letting her brown curls fall forward over her shoulders. Hopefully she still looked alluring to him when he wasn’t three sheets to the wind.“We certainly did,” she promised breathily. Her hand reached out and they both watched as one short finger ran itself over his chest and circled the flat discs of his nipples. He swallowed.“I’m afraid I have to go now,” Hermione said, pulling away with every appearance of regret. “Lady Pansy will be missing me. But, er – would you like to meet tonight?” She dropped her eyes modestly. “At eleven of the clock, perhaps?”“Huh? Oh, um, yes please,” Ron said with flattering eagerness. “I’m so sorry I don’t remember – I’ll do better tonight!”Not if she could help it, Hermione thought. Picking up her dress robes from where she’d shed them on the floor before getting into bed, she clothed herself hurriedly and let herself out.To her relief, the Tower was deserted. After a night of debauchery no true pureblood would be up before midday at the least, and she passed no-one on the relatively short journey (they were on the same floor, after all) between Ron’s room and her own. She glanced at Draco’s door as she passed it but suppressed the urge to knock. He was doubtless asleep and she didn’t want Blaise knowing precisely what was happening.It wasn’t that she didn’t trust him, or Pansy: it was simply that her loyalty was to the Malfoys alone, and things were still far too critical to share with anyone.“Fanged geranium,” she murmured outside her door, and entered.A sprawl of blonde hair on the pillow was the only thing visible of Pansy, who had not bothered to pull the curtains around her four-poster bed. Hermione listened to her deep, even breathing for several seconds until she was convinced the other girl was asleep. Then she slipped over to her trunk. It was a tense few seconds while she tapped out the unlocking pattern, but to her overwhelming relief she found that Draco had succeeded in stowing her pile of evidence under the false bottom. She prayed that he’d managed to do it without Pansy noticing.Finally, for the first time in hours, Hermione allowed herself to relax. It was time to catch some much-needed sleep before the third night of the Yule Ball.Draco and Blaise collected the girls as usual before heading downstairs. Pansy was in low-cut black dress robes, striking against her pale skin and hair; Hermione was in yellow. To her immense relief Pansy had acted perfectly normally since waking up, suggesting that Draco had in fact managed to secrete the documents without her knowledge.Hermione allowed the other couple to pull ahead slightly as they descended the spiral staircase, then turned to him.“What?” she said, blinking up at him. Draco had been assessing her face with a strangely penetrating gaze, a tiny frown marring his forehead. It cleared away instantly and he gave her a blinding smile.“Nothing, Granger. Just making sure you’d kept your promise and not let the Weasel touch you.”She raised an eyebrow. The move had taken hours of practice, but it was worth it. “One, I promised no such thing. Two, how could you possibly know that just from looking at me?”“Because no woman who’s had a well-fucked night could possibly be as grumpy as you look right now,” he said smugly. “Though it is the Weasel we’re talking about, to be fair… If he’s ever made a woman come in his life, I’ll donate my fortune to the poor and take a vow of chastity.”Hermione bit back an inappropriate snort of laughter. “Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Malfoy. Anyway, for your information, I didn’t sleep with him – but it had nothing to do with you,” she added severely as he opened his mouth to gloat.“Sure it didn’t,” he smirked. “Just remember, Granger, there is no way the Weasel is getting his hands on you before I’ve had you.”Her eyes narrowed. “Women aren’t pieces of meat, you know!”“Lord save me from feminists,” he said with a theatrical roll of his own eyes, but he was silent as they trailed behind Blaise and Pansy – whose heads, Hermione noted gleefully, were inclined very close together – into the Great Hall for that night’s supper.“Are you going to him tonight?” Draco said abruptly as she was about to leave him for her seat.“Yes,” she admitted. “We do have a fair amount of evidence already, especially that invoice from Karkaroff. But I want everything we can get. Plus, establishing a good rapport with Ron will be useful in the future.”His high-boned face was unusually grim as he surveyed the slowly filling Hall. “I suppose so,” he said, voice low. “We haven’t discussed the whys and wherefores yet. Do you – do you really think Gryffindor’s raising an army to wipe us out?”“I can’t see any other reason why,” she said equally quietly. She fixed a smile on her face for the benefit of anyone who happened to glance in their direction. “The Weasleys are already powerful, after all. They have royal influence. Yes, they’re not rich, but Lady Ginevra will probably marry Potter and he’s absolutely rolling in Galleons. He could afford to refill their coffers ten times over. So it’s not money and it’s not power… it must be vengeance.”“Vengeance,” Draco said scathingly. “As if my parents or grandparents ever did anything to a Weasel it didn’t deserve. I expect a status report first thing tomorrow afternoon, Granger. And one last thing…”“Yes?” she said enquiringly, and was startled to see a sudden mischievous gleam in his eyes as he slid her palm into his. He was wearing gloves tonight that had probably cost more than her parents’ hovel; the cool material was silky against her bare fingers as he bowed over her hand and brushed his mouth against the skin. His lips were warm and surprisingly soft, despite their habitual sneer. A jolt ran through her.“To keep you going,” he said and turned away to his own seat.Hermione knocked at Ron’s door, mentally rehearsing her plan once more.She needed him to think he was sleeping with her without actually sleeping with her – no easy task. It wasn’t that she was squeamish; before she had become spymistress and stopped going on missions herself, she had occasionally been forced to carry out seductions to their fullest extent. The encounters had generally been mildly pleasant and she had never been opposed to participating in them.But in this case, for some reason, Hermione found herself strangely reluctant to actually seduce Ron. Well, no. There was a reason, and his name was Draco Malfoy, and the sad truth was that Draco kissing her hand had managed to inspire her with more lust than Ron’s full-on kisses had.Idiot, she mentally berated herself. She couldn’t be attracted to Malfoy. Hermione Granger was far too practical for that. He was the ultimate rakehell, young and spoilt and drunk on women as much as wine. Remember the orgy Alecto Carrow was telling you about? The one with the Travers sisters and Druella Burke at the same time?She had no further time to contemplate the ill-advised direction her fancy had taken, because at that moment Ron opened the door.“Hermione!” His smile was wide and boyish. She was surprised to see that when he was sober, his eyes were a clear and not-unintelligent shade of blue.  “My lord,” she murmured, smiling back.“I told you to call me Ron,” he admonished. “Now, why don’t you come in? Hurry, hurry, quick now…”His quick scan of the corridor outside was furtive, and her smile became ugly. All these pureblood boys were the same, weren’t they? Willing to dabble with the Mudblood help but Merlin forbid anyone find out –“Now, what do you want to drink?” Ron asked in a business-like voice. He led her inside his room. To her consternation, Hermione saw that his desk – which last night had been a mass of loose parchment – was tidy and bare, save for two goblets and an array of wine bottles. Had he noticed the absence of the documents she’d taken? If he had, he didn’t suspect her: his face was open and unsuspicious as he waited for her to make a selection.To buy time, Hermione wandered over and examined the bottles intently. She had no intention of drinking, of course, but it gave her the opportunity to determine that Ron really had cleaned up for her visit. The teetering piles of parchment which had been everywhere yesterday were nowhere to be found.Shite.“This one looks wonderful,” she said, grabbing a bottle of the highest-percentage alcohol she could see. Ron poured it into one goblet and handed it to her – but left his own, she saw, alone.“Aren’t you going to drink too?” she asked.“Oh, no, not tonight,” he said. “Just Butterbeer for me. I don’t want to forget again, you see.” He settled himself on the edge of his bed. “Please do sit down!”Hermione sat down next to him on the bed, her mind working lightning-fast. Could she simply knock him out again, the way she had the previous night? Wouldn’t he find it suspicious that he failed to remember either encounter with her, especially when he hadn’t even been drinking the second time?It didn’t matter: she had no choice. Since he had hidden his papers away, she needed a secure space of time in which to search his room – the sort of security which could only be provided by a Ron who was truly unconscious, rather than asleep. Anyway, she had no plans to return after tonight.Hermione set her goblet down on the floor and slowly straightened up. Ron was watching her with ill-disguised eagerness. She spared a moment to wonder how strong his attachment to Lavender Brown had truly been, if he was able to fall into bed with another woman so quickly.“Actually,” she said, “let’s both skip the wine tonight, shall we?”She leaned in to kiss him.Kissing a sober Ron was only marginally better than kissing a drunken Ron. Yes, he no longer tasted repulsively of alcohol, but there was still rather more saliva involved than fastidious Hermione could have desired. No matter: she had a job to do. She skimmed one hand inside his robes and arrowed it south over his abdomen, teasingly making a pause to circle his navel. He groaned into her mouth and kissed her harder. She wrapped her free arm around his neck, still keeping him distracted by how close her fingers were to his groin, then relentlessly pinched down.He slumped backwards. Conveniently, his head landed on the pillows.Hermione was somewhat surprised to discover that she felt a tiny bit of remorse. Only a little bit, though, and it dissipated rapidly as she set to work.There was one thing in her favour tonight. Ron had left all the candles burning, so the cavernous room was brightly lit. She scanned it. If she were a Weasel – Weasley, she corrected herself scrupulously – where would she hide important documents? She had to bear in mind that Ron, while probably not quite as stupid as the Slytherins made him out to be, was no Hermione Granger. His hiding place was unlikely to be especially complex.The most obvious place was under the floorboards, of course. Expensive Niffler-skin rugs were dotted all over the floor, but Hermione crawled methodically over every inch of the glossy wood. Most of the boards were firm and silent. But – yes, there. One of them near the desk gave way slightly under her weight, and upon closer inspection she saw that it was a slightly lighter colour than its neighbours. Using a penknife from the desk, she levered the board up and examined the hollow she had uncovered.She was disappointed. The space was empty except for a single book, and when she drew it out she saw that it was a photograph album. It was apparent why it had been hidden away. Most of the pages were plastered with photos of Ron and a round-faced brunette who had to be Miss Lavender Brown.Hermione made to throw the book back in – Ron’s love life was of little interest to her, and of even less value in her mission – but she hesitated, caught by some stupid impulse to see the girl who had been in some ways her predecessor. Glancing once more at the bed to ensure that Ron was out cold, she settled herself cross-legged on the floor with a candle to look at the photographs.The miniature Rons and Lavenders contained within the book smirked and waved up at her. Some of them were kissing in a distinctly exhibitionist fashion. Her nose wrinkled slightly in distaste, Hermione flipped past them.Her efforts soon paid off. To her delight, she discovered that only the first score of pages were devoted to her would-be lover and his erstwhile fiancée. After that the photographs transitioned to the House of Weasley as a whole. Of course, Hermione had seen many, many images of them before, but these were different: not the stately photos released to the public, but humorous and sometimes silly ones. There was one of Lord Percy Weasley posing in a ludicrous court jester’s outfit; Lady Ginevra with the twins Lords George and Frederick taking running jumps into a pond, clad scandalously in nothing but their undergarments; there was even one of the heir to the dukedom, William, Earl of Godric, who rarely agreed to be photographed due to the terrible facial scarring he had sustained years ago in a werewolf attack. She caught herself smiling at one adorable picture of Ron with his tongue stuck out at the camera.This was clearly no ordinary album.Hermione was enthralled. An orphan, she found it almost impossible to imagine such family and camaraderie. These laughing people all looked like each other, with their long bodies and flaming hair, and their movements within the frames were expressive of deep warmth and affection for each other. The Malfoys loved each other, of course, but Draco had only just returned from boarding school and in any case, showing such obvious familial affection was simply not the Slytherin way. She had never seen a family interact with each other like this.She flipped faster through the album. One page was taken up with a full-size image of a grinning, black-haired young man, hazel eyes bright behind his glasses. His arm was wrapped around a woman whose wine-red hair hung sleekly down her back. Hermione would have recognised her almond-shaped emerald eyes anywhere. Here were James Potter, first Viscount Potter, and his wife Miss Lily Evans.Who had also been a Mudblood. A Mudblood who had married a pureblood. She ruthlessly suppressed the tiny surge of hope inside her that pointed out there was precedent for a Mudblood marrying a pureblood. She didn’t need love. Or even friends. As a spymistress, all she needed were useful contacts.She was so occupied in convincing herself of this that she nearly missed the photograph which would change the rest of her life.A pair of young men had their arms interlocked with each other as they strolled along a garden path. One was tall and slender, with a delicately arrogant face and shoulder-length bronze hair. He stared up at Hermione haughtily. His companion was slightly shorter but more muscular, and it was the eyes that finally gave it away: his eyes were a piercing blue that neither age nor time had dulled.The album fell from her suddenly boneless fingers. Never – in the history of Hogwarts – had anyone ever, ever seen a photograph of King Albus Dumbledore and his closest advisor Sir Gellert Grindelwald together.And, before her astonished eyes, things got even better; shooting Hermione a challenging look, Grindelwald took Dumbledore’s face between his hands and gave him a long, deep kiss.“Oh my Merlin,” she whispered. Hadn’t she thought, a couple of nights before, that she ought to manufacture something to suggest that the two of them were in a relationship? Well, she hadn’t had to manufacture it. The real deal had fallen – almost literally – into her lap.Hogwarts was a fundamentally conservative land, and the law Draco’s great-grandfather King Brutus had enacted against same-sex relationships had never been repealed by his successors. Not even by Dumbledore. This, right here, was the key to all her future plans.Hermione cursorily searched the rest of the room but found nothing else of interest. It didn’t matter; her blood was thrumming with excitement as she pulled the covers over Ron and penned him a quick note thanking him for an excellent night but indicating that Pansy urgently required her assistance. She had only abstracted the Grindelwald photograph from the album, and it was doubtful Ron would notice the disappearance of a single image not directly related to him, so she was filled with confidence as she left.Everything in her yearned to go to Draco immediately. A scheme was forming in her mind, but she needed Malfoy approval before she could execute it. She didn’t dare entrust this to a letter, or ask one of the Malfoy portraits to carry it to Lucius and Narcissa. Portraits were terrible gossips. Draco was her only hope.To her irritation, tonight’s entertainment had gone on for long enough that the Tower was still filled with people as she exited Ron’s room. Keeping her head down and her cloak wrapped around her, she skirted past drunken revellers and entered her room.Pansy was absent. Surprising, but Hermione used the opportunity to place the photograph under the false bottom – which was getting quite crowded – and slid into her bedroll.“Where were you last night?” Hermione asked as she twisted Pansy’s hair into a knot. It was early afternoon; they were preparing for the night’s dancing and dining, which Hermione would be attending in full this time. “You weren’t in when I returned.”“I was down in the Great Hall dancing with Blaise,” Pansy said, smiling at her own reflection in the mirror. “I don’t wish to be presumptuous, but…” she trailed off delicately. “If I don’t get a proposal out of him by the end of the week, my name is not Parkinson. Quod desiderio obtineo, yes?”What I want, I get. The motto of the House of Parkinson. Hermione grinned at her.“I have every faith in you.”“Thank you,” Pansy said modestly. “What of you? I know you can’t tell me where you’re going every night, but I’ll have you know that it makes Draco quite intolerably moody. And – this must be the longest I’ve ever seen him go without having a girl!”Hermione blinked. “We’ve been here less than a week!”“Exactly,” Pansy agreed. “He must really want you, if he hasn’t decided on someone else already… No, let that bit of hair stay down. Keep the rest up.”Hermione dutifully followed her instructions and had only just wriggled into her dress robes when there was a sharp rap at the door.“Open up, Granger. It’s time for that report,” Draco said imperiously from behind it.Pansy hurried over to open the door. Today Draco was, somewhat unexpectedly, in green: the robes were inlaid with expensive silver embroidery, matched by an emerald ring on his finger the size of an egg. He could not have proclaimed his Slytherin nature any louder if it had been engraved on his forehead.“I see we’ve stopped trying to be subtle,” Hermione said to cover the dryness in her mouth that always seemed to attack when she saw him for the first time.He said nothing in response, but his icy eyes left fire in their wake as they trailed slowly over her body. She pulled at her collar, which was abruptly too tight.“Get out, Pansy,” he said without looking at her.Pansy huffed loudly but did so, no doubt to find Blaise. Hermione held her breath and told herself she wasn’t disappointed when Draco made no move to take advantage of their newly alone status and instead sat down on the bed, crossing one leg over the other.“Well, Mudblood? What have you got for me?”She switched on her professionalism. “I’ve obtained an incredibly valuable document which will enable us to blackmail Dumbledore, at least to a degree. You see, my lord –”“Draco,” he corrected. “Or Malfoy, if you must.”She nodded. “Draco. I’ve been thinking, and I truly do believe that Gryffindor is intending to crush Slytherin once and for all. That’s what their newly built-up army is for.”“Why now?” he asked.“Because they’re about to form an alliance with the Potters and thus, by definition, with Dumbledore. Now is, as we’ve said, when they’re strongest – and they clearly think that means ‘strong enough to crush us, the wealthiest dukedom in Hogwarts.”He slid his ring off and turned it slowly in his hands as he looked at her. “It’s true that Potter seems most likely to pick the She-Weasel as a bride. She’s the one he’s danced most often with over the last few nights. So what do you propose we do?”Hermione took a deep breath. “I think we should blackmail Dumbledore into allowing Slytherin to build up our own army.”She searched his face to see the reaction of her proposal, one she had spent the entire night refining. His expression was oddly inscrutable as he ordered, “Explain.”“The key players in all of this are Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw,” she said. “They aren’t complete enemies of Gryffindor the way we are, but they still won’t be happy to hear that their neighbour has built up such a large army. So we need to keep them in reserve as possible allies. Still, they’ll never join us as allies unless we look like we have a good chance of taking the Weasleys – and to do that, we need our own army. You know we’ve been banned from having an army for years. But using the blackmail I found, we can convince Dumbledore to allow us to have an army. Then if war does come, we’re in a far stronger position to bargain. And we can go from there.”He rose slowly from the bed and stalked toward her. Hermione stood her ground, suppressing the urge to flee. Anxiety thrummed through her. She was totally unable to read his response, and she felt inexplicably like a small animal of prey being hunted by a predator much larger and stronger than she was; there was a curious gleam in Draco’s eyes as he stopped a handbreadth away from her.They were so close she had to tilt her head backwards to meet his gaze. Their breath mingled in the inches between them.“Hermione Granger,” he said distinctly, “you are the cleverest girl that I have ever known.”Then he kissed her.  

Hermione would never be able to adequately explain to herself what had come over her.She was a seasoned spymistress. She wasn’t some milksop who lost her head over a boy – not even a boy with silky blond hair, flashing grey eyes, and more money than Merlin. But she was (at least by birth) a Gryffindor, and nobody had ever accused a Gryffindor of cowardice.So when Draco Malfoy kissed her, there was naturally nothing for it but to kiss him back. She couldn’t have him thinking she was afraid of him, could she? Of course she couldn’t. This reasoning satisfied her until the point when such things as reasoning became quite beyond her mental capabilities. Then she knew nothing but him: his touch burning through her robes as his hands skimmed over her body, his tongue tangled with hers in her mouth, his pleasing scent of expensive cologne.She pulled away after several minutes, gasping for air. He gave her barely a second to inhale before his lips roughly smashed down on hers once more, but in that second she caught a glimpse of the fire raging in his eyes. It should have scared her; it exhilarated her instead. He wanted her so much that he had thrown off his habitual air of contemptuous languor, and she saw that underneath it lay a dragon.He found her dress robes easy enough to dispose of. With a careless jerk he tore them open, baring her upper half to his hungry gaze. Hermione panted as he gave her a respite from the kiss which had been consuming her, pulling away to admire the dusky-tipped breasts pushed up by her corset. She had privately always bemoaned their size, considering them to be disproportionately small in relation to her body, but Draco voiced no objection. Instead he bent forward and ran his tongue over her caramel skin. She shuddered and moaned at the wet warmth. Her head tossed backwards – and collided with the wall.“Ow,” she yelped.Draco detached himself from tonguing her cleavage with obvious reluctance. “Are you alright?” His voice was a harsh rasp.“Fine,” she said, but the pain had returned her to her senses. “I… Good God, what happened to us? We have to stop!”He paused, having been about to dive back between her breasts. “Stop?” he echoed incredulously. “Mudblood, if you think I’m stopping the best fucking thing that’s ever happened to me –”“Pansy could walk in at any moment!” she snapped. She pulled together the two halves of her robe. “And, oh my Merlin, you’ve ruined these robes! I can’t even afford to replace them. We aren’t all rich as the devil, Malfoy!”Everything in her yearned to resume their previous activities, but one of them had to have a clear head, and it obviously wasn’t going to be Malfoy: his pale cheeks were flushed with passion, his hair was mussed, and his expression torn between mulishness and wrath. Hermione, realising it would be prudent to put space between them, skirted past him and backed away.He took a deep breath before he spoke. “My mistress, Granger, wouldn’t have to worry about things like the price of robes.”“No doubt,” she said waspishly. “But since I’m not your mistress –”“You could be,” he interrupted.They stared at each other for several long moments, she with disbelief, he with an odd calmness under which she fancied she could discern some strongly suppressed emotion.“Malfoy,” she said deliberately. “Am I to understand that you are offering me carte blanche?”“Hear me out,” he said. “We’re obviously incredibly attracted to each other. I’ve wanted to fuck you from the moment I first saw you, and I’d bet the Sorting Hat you feel the same way about me. I don’t normally hold with mistresses, because that’s a shocking level of commitment, but I have a feeling that in your case, only once or twice wouldn’t be enough to purge you from my system. Well? What do you think?”For a treacherous moment Hermione contemplated what it would be like to say yes – to own somebody like Draco Malfoy, even if only temporarily. But how temporary it would be! Her blood status meant she would never be more than a fling to him, and she had a horrible feeling that if she gave in to Malfoy’s request, he would very quickly become more than a fling to her. That would be intolerable. To be cast off, to see him move on to other women… no, it could not possibly be borne. There was only one answer she could give, but she had to swallow before she could speak.“The only mistress I will ever be to you, Draco, is spymistress,” she said with a creditable attempt at indifference.He looked at her keenly. The flintiness of his stare seemed to see not just through her clothing but past skin and bone to her mind, and Hermione found it impossible to hold his gaze.“I’m not going to give up,” he said. “Granger, that kiss was… it was better than a lot of the sex I’ve had, and we aren’t going to throw away something like that. I won’t let you.”“I think, Malfoy, we’d better discuss the reason we’re actually here,” she said. “I suggest that we don’t waste a moment in going to see Dumbledore. He should be in his rooms at this time of day, and – ”She broke off as the door swung open and a blonde whirlwind rushed in. “Draco!” Pansy shrieked. “Draco, Blaise proposed!”

An hour later, Hermione and Draco could be found strolling around the Tower, ostensibly exploring but actually making for Dumbledore’s rooms.If she were honest with herself, Hermione could own that Pansy’s sudden appearance was a blessing. The room had been getting too hot to hold both her and Draco; although she had tried deliberately to change the topic, his stubborn, slightly cruel expression had warned her that he was unlikely to have tolerated it. So Pansy’s intervention had come as a godsend. True, there was a small part of Hermione which wished that the other girl had stayed away so she could have experienced Draco trying to change her mind (no doubt it would have involved plenty of kissing) but a much larger part of her was suitably happy for her friend.It seemed that, while Hermione had been busily ferreting out ways to install the House of Malfoy on the throne, Blaise and Pansy had been getting closer and closer. It had culminated in a proposal in Blaise’s room that very afternoon. Draco had made cutting comments about refusing to be a third wheel but it was obvious that he was pleased, and the charged tension between himself and Hermione had mostly dissipated. They could now walk along sniping at each other as usual, and she felt much more like herself again.“You’ve made a wrong turn, Granger,” he groused. “I tell you, Dumbledore and Grindelwald are on the second floor.”“Nonsense,” she retorted. “My blueprints specifically say that they’re on the third floor!”He raised an eyebrow. “Would these be the same blueprints that didn’t show the secret passage we used to get rid of Goldstein’s body?”“Keep your voice down!” she hissed, looking around wildly. But there was nobody around, and since she had said it mostly to avoid having to acknowledge that he was right, he responded to her censure with a snort.“May I be of assistance?” an urbane voice enquired.Hermione found a familiar dark-haired boy leaning against the frame of a nearby portrait. She smiled. “Mr Black, sir. It’s good to see you again.”“And yourself,” he said lazily. “Am I to assume you require aid again?”She opened her mouth to respond in the affirmative, but Draco cut in front of her. “No, we certainly do not,” he said rudely. “Goodbye, Cousin Reggie.”A dangerous light flared in the boy’s painted grey eyes, and Hermione paled. “Malfoy, have you lost your fucking mind?” she said in a furious whisper. “Apologise instantly!”Draco was scowling. “What on earth for? We don’t need help from him of all people!”Even if Hermione had not had respect and deference to one’s superiors drummed into her by her strict parents, her sojourn in Malfoy Manor had taught her that to insult the portraits was an unforgivably stupid offence. They might be physically powerless, but they were usually highly knowledgeable, and the older ones in particular were capable of strange and capricious things. These people – certainly not living, but not quite dead – existed in an inexplicable half-world and were dangerous to cross.Regulus Black certainly looked dangerous now. His reptilian grey eyes were narrowed, coldly handsome face drawn into a sneer as he surveyed his young relative. Hermione saw that there was a pronounced resemblance between him and the Princess Bellatrix. The realisation did not fill her with comfort: the Duchess of Slytherin’s older sister was more wicked and wild than any one human had the right to be, and though her cousin here was dead Hermione found herself unconsciously stepping between Draco and Regulus.Draco’s own lips were curled in loathing. She squeezed his hand painfully. “I’m so sorry, sir,” she said in a rush. “He’s not quite himself – we were arguing, you know –”The vicious expression abruptly dropped from Regulus’s face, and he gave her an elegant smile. “There is not the least need to apologise, Miss Granger,” he said. “I gather you are searching for Dumbledore? He will be in Room 12, on the second floor.”“I told you so,” Draco said smugly. “Who even gave you that blueprint? Because they clearly ripped you off.”“Your esteemed mother did so,” Hermione said in freezing tones. “Thank you very much, sir. We hope to see you soon.” As quickly as she could, without causing offence, she tugged at Draco’s arm and the two of them left Regulus behind, staring after them with an unreadable look in his eyes.Hermione lost no time in turning on her partner. “What on earth is wrong with you, Malfoy? How could you speak to your cousin like that!”“He’s a traitor,” he growled. “Don’t you know the stories? Mother and Father say he broke from our alliance with Lord Voldemort and – well, I’m not clear on the details, but he came to a sticky end. Why do you think he doesn’t dare show his face at the Manor?”Hermione was about to deliver him a lecture on the necessities of remaining civil to the departed when he reached out and rapped firmly on a door with the number 12 embossed on it. They had arrived. She immediately put the matter out of her head and straightened imperceptibly. “Stick to the plan, Draco,” she murmured. “It’ll come off fine. Trust me.”He was prevented from replying when the door swung open.“What an unexpected pleasure,” the King of Hogwarts remarked, smiling genially down on them.  Although Hermione was disconcerted by the fact that so exalted a personage had opened his front door himself, she took pains not to show it.“Your Highness,” Draco said coolly. “A word, if you will.” He had once more become the arrogant, slightly contemptuous scion of a royal house; looking at his bored expression, Hermione could detect no trace of the boy who had kissed her senseless that very afternoon.But then, no observer could have detected in her any trace of the girl who had been kissed senseless that very afternoon. Her own features were composed as she blinked up at Dumbledore, who appeared to be not at all surprised by their unusual request.“Why, certainly,” he said, stepping aside. “Do sit wherever you wish. I trust you’ll make yourselves comfortable.”His room, as with her own, was high-ceilinged and sweeping, done in a shade of pale blue. There was little to mark it as the abode of the monarch rather than one of his humble guests. The four-poster bed was in one corner, overlooking a high window of mullioned glass through which golden beam of sunlight slanted; a palatial desk sat empty at the other end of the room, next to a scattering of sofas. The most interesting thing about the room was the collection of strange, spindly instruments which occupied nearly every available space. She had not seen most of them before, and their functions were utterly unknown her.“I’m afraid I have a slight interest in alchemy,” Dumbledore explained, noting the direction of her gaze. “One of many weaknesses, I am sorry to say!”“Not at all, Your Highness,” Hermione said politely. She followed Draco, who had already settled himself in one of the sofas as though the room belonged to him.Dumbledore folded his long, slim body into a chintz armchair. “My lord. I hope nothing is amiss? And Miss Granger, I am charmed to make your acquaintance!”The flicker of her eyelashes was the only sign that betrayed Hermione’s surprise at having Dumbledore know her name.“Well, Your Highness,” Draco said, with a sharp-toothed smile, “certainly nothing is amiss from my perspective. I am sorry to say that you will not be able to say the same.”“Oh?” he said placidly.Draco leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. “You know, of course, that my own county has been sadly deprived of a means of protection for a number of years now.”“A great sorrow to me, I assure you,” Dumbledore said. “It grieves me that the order was necessary, but you understand that your noble parents harboured ambitions of which I could not wholly approve.”“So I perceive,” Draco said silkily. “As it so happens, an item recently came into my possession which may lead you to revise your opinion.”Dumbledore lifted his white eyebrows. “Is that so?” He seemed utterly unperturbed, his gaze at times wandering from Draco’s to take in the view of the Tower’s gardens visible from his window.This was Hermione’s cue. “It is so, Your Highness,” she said clearly. The king’s apparent unconcern was beginning to irritate her; she plunged her hand into her pocket with somewhat more vigour than strictly necessary, but pulled out the photograph with consummate care. “I would advise you to examine this carefully, Your Highness.”She was not, of course, stupid enough to hand him the photo directly. Instead she smoothed it out on her lap and held it up. There was no change to Dumbledore’s expression, but she fancied she could see a slight tightening around his mouth as he beheld his youthful self being soundly kissed by the figure of Grindelwald.“I see,” he said softly. “May I ask how this image came into your keeping?”“You may, but unfortunately I will not answer,” she said.“I had not thought you would. So. What would you have of me?”“We are not greedy, Your Highness,” Draco said. His voice was smooth, touched with the faintest hint of hauteur. “We don’t ask for much. Merely that Slytherin be granted the same privileges that every other county already enjoys: the right to stable a private army.”Dumbledore smiled gently and took off his spectacles. Hermione wished he had not done so; when not shielded by the glass, there was something unnervingly penetrating about the blueness of his eyes, and it took conscious effort to meet his gaze.“I fear, my lord, that your requests are rather disproportionate to the nature of your – ah – evidence,” he said. “After all, my youthful follies surely weigh little with the liberal values of the modern man.”“Yes, indeed,” Draco said with amusement. “Lord Ravenclaw truly is known for his liberal values, is he not? I suppose his recent decree that the peasants must be whipped if they dare to demand more than three Galleons a year is the height of generosity. As for His Grace of Hufflepuff – why, declaring that he does not see why women should demand a choice in their future husband is certainly a modern attitude. I am stunned by your perspicacity, Your Highness. Even Lady Gryffindor… the fuss she made when her heir dared to marry a foreigner is, I am sure, nothing to be concerned about.”There was a long pause. Dumbledore continued to look affable, but it seemed to be more of an effort.“You are perfectly right, my lord,” he said. “I am convinced that there is indeed nothing to be concerned about, but I thank you for your anxiety on my behalf.”“Then you won’t object to my father publishing this image far and wide before the week is up,” Draco rejoindered.There was another, shorter pause.“How many men do you propose to raise?” Dumbledore asked. “I will only be pushed so far.”Hermione concealed the rush of cautious triumph that ran through her. This was not yet true capitulation, she warned herself. No need to be hasty.“We aren’t unreasonable, Your Highness,” she said. “Only two thousand men. Only as many as every other dukedom in the country enjoys.”“I wonder,” the king mused, “whether I am willing to countenance this. I rather fancy I am. You can do little harm with two thousand men. But be warned, Miss Granger – I am watching. Should you exceed this figure, you will learn that I am not king for nothing.”“You are very generous, Your Highness,” Draco said, with only the lightest hint of sardonicism in his tone. “We will take care to heed your warning.” He rose gracefully and, quite unnecessarily, brushed down his robes.“You catch me in a generous mood,” Dumbledore said as he walked them to the door. “You see, I have recently received the happy news that my heir Lord Potter has just selected a bride.”“We felicitate him,” Hermione said. “Who is the lucky chosen one?”She knew the answer before he even said it. “Lady Ginevra Weasley,” Dumbledore said thoughtfully, “will, I fancy, make a wonderful Queen of Hogwarts. I am sure you agree.”The girl was never going to be queen, not if Hermione could help it, but she said nothing as Draco took her arm.

The stroll around the Tower’s gardens had been suggested by Hermione in a fit of desperation.It was the last day of the Yule Ball, and even now there was a flurry of activity throughout the Tower as servants packed away their masters’ belongings in preparation for their journeys home. Hermione, of course, had had hers and Pansy’s trunks packed since yesterday. Unfortunately, that meant there was nothing to distract her from Pansy’s uninterrupted flow of speech on all things Blaise Zabini. Not even the garden walk, which Hermione had brought up in the hopes that it would stem Pansy’s talkativeness, was deterring her.“He has frightful amounts of money too,” Pansy confided. The late morning sun gilded her hair as they ambled past the Queen Invidia Gardens, where Goldstein had met his end. On a day like this – bright and sunny – it was impossible to believe that Hermione had had to lug a dead nobleman’s body down to be disposed of by Thestrals.“You have frightful amounts of money too,” she pointed out through gritted teeth. “Nobody will accuse either of you of being fortune hunters.”“Blaise has even more than me,” Pansy said simply. “Why, he has nearly as much as Draco! And when his mother dies… not, of course, that she’s like to die any time soon, but she of all people knows how easy it is to suffer fatal accidents…”Hermione wondered whether she had just heard a murder plan and decided not to question it. These Slytherins were going to be the death of her. Her mind was on one Slytherin in particular: Draco Malfoy had not been in evidence much over the last few days, and though Hermione knew he was merely making big plans for when they returned home, she found that she missed his jagged wit and razor-sharp insults. She even missed the way he called her Mudblood, his tongue caressing the syllables like it was a pet name rather than a slur.The two girls wandered deeper into the gardens. There was a tall hedge maze sprawled in front of them; Hermione lingered at the entrance before she led them in. Immediately the sounds of frantic activity from the Tower ceased, deadened by the leafy emerald rows. She shivered and pulled her cloak tighter around her. The maze walls also cut off the sun’s warmth and light, plunging them into a dappled green darkness.Pansy was not discomposed. “I told Blaise I don’t believe in long engagements, and –”“Hush!” Hermione said abruptly. “Can you hear that?”Pansy fell blessedly silent and cocked her head. The sound was muffled by the hedges, but a distinct gasping was audible.“What on earth is that?” Pansy murmured.“I rather think it’s someone crying,” Hermione said quietly. They set off through the maze, taking the turns which seemed to lead them closer to the source of the sound. Finally they emerged into the centre. It boasted a fountain featuring a golden statue of a nymph with water pouring from both its breasts; curled up on the edge of the fountain’s base, her face wet with tears, was the last person Hermione had expected to see.“She-Weasel?” Pansy said incredulously.Lady Ginevra Weasley, recently betrothed to one of the most powerful men in Hogwarts, gave a gulping sob and stumbled to her feet. Even through the ravages of a crying jag it was apparent that she was beautiful. Her hair, a dark ruby more pleasing than her brothers’ fiery red, hung down her back, and she had large brown eyes several shades lighter than Hermione’s own. She gazed blankly at them for several moments before recognition and fury flashed across her expression.“Go away!” she snarled. “Leave me alone!”“I would like nothing better,” Pansy said, already turning to go. “Come on, Hermione.”But Hermione moved closer. She had noticed something. “Lady Ginevra, is everything alright?”“Of course everything’s not alright,” the other girl snapped. “But I’ll be damned if I let you –”She broke off in shock. Hermione had seized both her hands and flung back the trailing sleeves. The pale skin of her thin arms was mottled with bruises and fingerprints.There was a moment of silence.“Who did this to you?” Hermione asked, her voice nearly soundless.“Nobody!” Ginevra said defiantly, snatching her hands back. “Fuck off!”Hermione only looked at her evenly. It didn’t take long; Ginevra shuddered and said, “Harry. It was H-Harry.”Anger leapt up in Hermione, but she ruthlessly pressed it down again.“Would you swear to that?” Pansy suddenly enquired. She had stolen up beside them and was examining Ginevra through narrowed eyes. “You’re absolutely positive it was Potter? He has many flaws, but somehow he has never struck me as the violent type.”Hermione expected a strident flare-up from Ginevra, but was surprised. She sighed and slumped to the ground again. Her slender face looked drained. “Yes, it was Harry,” she said tiredly. “And I can’t – I can’t even do anything about it, you know. We need his money. We badly need it. My parents would kill me if I threw away the chance to become queen instead. There’s nothing I can do.”Pansy said nothing, but looked troubled. A sudden impulse drove Hermione to say, “Don’t worry, Lady Ginevra. Perhaps events many occur which will free you from your marriage.”She looked up at her sharply. “What events?”But Hermione shook her head. She had said too much already. “I’m just being optimistic,” she said. “Come, Pansy. We must go now. I hope you fare well, Lady Ginevra.”“Call me Ginny,” she offered unexpectedly. “And I hope so too.”

“I’d never have thought it of Potter,” Pansy said once they were back in their room. They had spent the walk up to it in silence, each musing on the strange meeting that had just happened. “He’s always been an arrogant little sod, but violent? I don’t believe it.”“There are people,” Hermione said slowly, “who look so calm and gentle that you don’t believe they could possibly harm you. Until they do.”Pansy looked at her sharply. Hermione was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring sightlessly into the distance. Her face was pale and expressionless.“What happened to you?” Pansy said with a level of gentleness that none but Draco and Blaise had ever heard from her.Hermione shook herself and shot her a smile. “Oh, nothing, nothing. Only I’ve spent a lot of time being homeless, you know. I had nowhere to go after my parents vanished and nobody who’d take a bastard in. Little girls on the streets make mistakes. They trust people they shouldn’t. But when they grow up, they’re going to kill everyone who thinks they can get away with it. And that includes Lord Potter.” Her voice, which had started out light, hardened as she reached the end of her speech.Pansy nodded understandingly. “Ah, you consider yourself personally responsible for the She-Weasel’s problem. Not to worry. When Draco is king, he’s going to put Potter through such agonies he’ll be begging for death.”“Not if I get to him first,” Hermione said grimly, her mind still on her thirteen-year-old self and how unprotected a teenaged girl on the streets had been.Their arrival back at Malfoy Manor was accompanied by a lot less fanfare than had been present at their departure. The hour was late, and Hermione yawned as their carriage rattled into the palace courtyard. The other occupants were fast asleep. Opposite Hermione, Pansy was slumped against Blaise, whose arm was wrapped tightly around her as he rested his head on top of hers. Hermione watched them breathe deeply for several moments before she permitted herself to look at the real object of her interest.Draco was leaning against the window, his long legs thrown out in front of him. The tips of his boots just touched her slippers. His pale hair gleamed faintly in the gloom; his patrician face was relaxed in sleep, and he looked adorably boyish as he snored lightly. Hermione allowed a slight smile to grace her face before she suppressed it and looked away.The carriage came to a stop. Draco jerked awake instantly. “Hermione?” His voice was thick with sleep. “Everything alright?”“Perfectly,” she replied as some servant swung the door open. “We’re home.”“Thank Merlin,” he said. “I really need a piss.” Ignoring Hermione’s expression of distaste at this crudity, he bounded out of the carriage.Hermione emerged herself to find that only the minimum of servants was present. Three liveried footmen were efficiently removing their trunks, overseen by Dobby, who bowed when he saw Hermione.“Miss Granger! We’re glad to have you back. His lordship and her ladyship are awaiting you in the Green Room, as soon as it is convenient.”Hermione, wearily recognising that ‘as soon as it convenient’ was nothing more than a thinly veiled pleasantry not to be taken seriously, yawned several more times and made her way into the Manor. It couldn’t be earlier than one of the clock; the hallways were in darkness as she trod down them. The journey back had taken an unexpected amount of time owing to a collision on the Bath Road, and tempers inside the carriage had been fraying dangerously before most of them had succumbed to sleep. The last straw had been when Blaise had accidentally stepped on Draco’s foot, prompting the latter to instantly and wrathfully call him out for a duel, which the girls had only with difficulty dissuaded them from carrying out inside the carriage itself.In hindsight, the recollection was amusing. Hermione’s lips were still curled into a smile when she stepped into the Green Room.“Ah, there you are,” Narcissa said briskly. She detangled herself from her husband, who withdrew his hand from her under her skirts and licked his fingers. “What have you to tell me?”Hermione shook the dust of travel off her cloak. “A lot, my lady,” she said. “We – that is, Lord Wiltshire and I – have had an extraordinarily busy week.” She stifled yet another yawn.“Honestly, Mother, can’t you see she’s exhausted?” a voice drawled from behind her. “It can wait till tomorrow, can’t it?”“Draco!” Narcissa squealed. “You’re here, darling!”“Yes, yes,” Draco said in a tone of long-suffering patience. He sauntered forward from behind Hermione to present his cheek to his mother and shake his father’s hand. She saw that he had splashed water on his face: he was looking surprisingly alert, if a little disgruntled. Lucius inspected his son through piercing grey eyes. “I suspect my hearing was at fault, my son. Did I just hear you express a modicum of concern for someone other than yourself?”Hermione flushed, but Draco merely rolled his eyes. “I’m not that bad, Father,” he said. “But anyway, it’s obvious that Granger is quite tired –”“I can speak for myself, Ma – my lord,” Hermione cut in. Her heart pounded at how she had nearly slipped up in front of his parents; the princeling might take her disrespectful tone with a surprisingly degree of equanimity, but his parents certainly would not. Fortunately, her slipup seemed to have gone unnoticed. Neither the Duke nor the Duchess were paying her the slightest bit of attention: instead, their gazes were focused on their son, and Hermione was astounded to see the faintest of red tinges steal over his aristocratically pale cheeks.“Really,” Lucius said slowly. “How fascinating, this sudden interest in the wellbeing of your inferiors.”“There’s no interest!” Hermione said, her voice unusually high-pitched. “So, Lord Wiltshire and I broke into Lord Ronald Weasley’s room –”“I suppose I might as well inform you now that I plan to make Hermione my mistress,” Draco said negligently.Hermione closed her eyes and waited for the inevitable explosion.She opened them again in confusion when she heard no response. Draco was examining his fingernails with every appearance of unconcern; to her astonishment, Lucius and Narcissa looked resigned.“Well, I can’t say I didn’t suspicion this would happen,” the Duchess said with a sigh. “You weren’t yourself the moment you laid eyes on her… and if you must commit yourself to a mistress, at least you picked a clever one!”Hermione wondered if she had accidentally entered another dimension. “My lord, my lady,” she interjected, “I want to reassure you that I don’t have the slightest intention of being Dr – I mean, Lord Wiltshire’s mistress!”He was regarding her with amusement. “You can stop calling me that, Granger, not even my parents expect the girl I’m sleeping with to use my title.”“We aren’t sleeping together,” she said hotly and turned back to his parents. “This is all just a terrible misunderstanding! I would certainly never embark on a relationship with my superiors –”She was inelegantly cut off when Draco took two steps to her, spun her around, and latched his mouth onto hers. Lost in the unexpected pleasure, it was several seconds before she realised that they had an audience.“Draco!” she said furiously, pulling away. His arms were tightly banded around her, preventing her from escaping far. “What your parents must be thinking…”She turned within the confines of his embrace. Narcissa was regarding them indulgently; Lucius merely looked bored.“Really, Miss Granger, such scruples are quite unnecessary,” he said. “The boy is hardly going to marry you.”“No,” Hermione agreed weakly. She swallowed and looked at the immense emerald brooch holding Draco’s cloak together. It seemed safer than looking up at him. He was radiating smugness, and she knew that it was at least partially because her enthusiastic response to his kiss would put the lie to any rejections on her part.But she should have known better: rather than permitting her to take the easy route out, Draco put his fingers under her chin and lifted her face higher. He was smiling, not smirking, and there was a joyous light in his eyes.“Well, Hermione?” he said softly.Throwing caution to the wind, Hermione – for once in her life – ignored her more cautious self and stood on tiptoe to kiss him.No doubt she would regret this move; Mudbloods and purebloods did not inhabit the same plane of existence, and there was a high probability that the whole affair would end in tears. Hers, to be more specific. She was cold, and emotionally closed off, but he made her angry and he made her laugh, and she knew that it would not take much provocation for her to fall in love with him. What a mistake that would be!But, for the first time, Hermione was determined to do something because it pleased her, and nobody else. Even as she broke the embrace and began relating the week’s adventures to the Duke and Duchess, resisting Draco’s attempts to continue kissing her and ignoring him when he turned his attention shamelessly to sucking her neck instead – he really was his parents’ son, wasn’t he? – her heart was lighter than she could remember it ever being.There was an army on their borders and she had a thousand things to go. But Hermione Granger was happy.

Lady Ginevra Weasley strode purposefully through the corridors of the Tower. With the departure of all the guests on the previous day, the castle was painfully empty; the only people in residence were herself, assorted family members, her fiancé, Dumbledore, and Grindelwald. Plus countless house-servants, of course, but there was no need to count them: Ginny certainly did not. Though the House of Weasley had long since become too poor to maintain a full contingent of house-servants, she treated them as her birthright and was not discomfited by their presence.She stopped outside the door belonging to Dumbledore. “Lemon sherbet,” she said briefly. It swung open to admit her.The two men inside the room rose politely as she entered. One, of course, was Dumbledore; the other was a slim, black-haired young man of medium height who crossed over to her eagerly.“Well?” said Harry Potter, second Viscount Potter.Ginny smiled at him. The expression quite transformed her, softening the arrogant lines of her face. “Hook, line, and sinker,” she said.Harry frowned. “I still don’t like it,” he said. “Could we really not find any other plan than the one where I’m a woman-abuser?”Dumbledore chose this moment to interject. “There’s absolutely no need to worry,” he said brightly. “After all, the important people know you aren’t! I assure you it was necessary, Harry. It’s a question of psychology.”Harry treated this new-fangled word with the suspicion it deserved. “Psychology,” he repeated. “Alright, if you say so.”“You see, Miss Granger has certain – shall we say – inhibitions about individuals who are woman-abusers,” Dumbledore explained. “We needed to exploit that.”“She certainly bought it,” Ginny said. “Hinted very broadly that something would happen to Harry. Honestly, it took everything I had not to murder her on the spot…”After a while, the affianced couple withdrew, and Dumbledore remained, smoking thoughtfully on a pipe as he stared at the magnificent view out of his windows.“Lord Rabastan says that he’s got two thousand men waiting in the wings to make up the base of the army,” Hermione reported. “That’s the limit set by Dumbledore for all the counties, of course, but we’ll find it easy enough to circumvent that.” She fell silent and looked expectantly at her employer.She and Narcissa were in the White Room for today’s meeting. Done up in shades of cream and pearl, it overlooked the Manor’s extensive gardens, where green-liveried workers moved to and fro as they watered the plants. Narcissa herself matched the décor: she was in a clinging, sheer silvery dress beneath which her corset and chemise showed shockingly black. Hermione was in muted blue robes.The Duchess of Slytherin shifted on her chaise-longue. “What do Bella and Rodolphus think?”“The Princess Bellatrix favours immediate military engagement,” Hermione said. “Fortunately, Lord Gringotts and Lord Rabastan agree with me that secrecy is of the utmost importance.”Truth be told, Hermione was somewhat surprised on the last point. The Princess Bellatrix could generally be counted on to endorse the most violent point of view, and usually her husband Rodolphus Lestrange, fourth Marquess of Gringotts, was of the same mind as her. This time it seemed that both he and his younger brother Lord Rabastan Lestrange were in the mood to be cautious.Narcissa hummed thoughtfully. “Very well, very well. Tell Rabastan to train just the two thousand men for now; we’ll revisit the issue at a later date. Now.” She leaned forward, fixing Hermione with a penetrating look. “How are things between you and my son?”Hermione willed herself not to look away, or blush. “Very good, my lady.”“Has he fucked you yet?”It was fortunate she had not been drinking anything; she choked and spluttered, then was overtaken by a coughing fit, forced to subside lower into her chair. Narcissa waited patiently until she was recovered, then said, “Well?”“N-no, my lady,” she gasped out.“Why is that? Not from lack of trying, I’ll warrant,” the duchess said.Hermione wondered desperately if there was any means of escaping this situation, then resigned herself to her fate. “I’m… taking things slow, your ladyship. Draco’s willing to wait.”This was not strictly true; he had grumbled, and moaned, and tried to cajole her, finishing off his attempts at persuasion by fastening his mouth between her legs. While she had returned the favour, she was obdurate in her determination not to have sex quite yet. She wasn’t entirely sure what she was waiting for. Probably some last, still-sane corner of her brain wanted to protect her. But whatever the reason, she had not sealed her position as mistress, and palace gossip was afire at the fact that the princeling lay either with Hermione or alone. He had not (yet, anyway) sought out other companionship, and for that Hermione felt a secret, fiercely possessive gladness.She abruptly realised that Narcissa was speaking and tuned back in.“…different around you,” she was saying. “We’ve had to pay off his whores before, and I don’t believe he ever gave a good goddamn about them. But you – why, he’s had nobody else since he left Eton! The mind boggles.”Hermione, unsure how to respond, remained silent.“I have your next task,” Narcissa said. “You will ensure that your personal scruples do not hamper you in its completion.”Hermione frowned. “My lady, I’ve always performed to your satisfaction, have I not? I would never permit personal scruples to interfere with my job.”“You never have before, that is true,” Narcissa agreed. “However, this is slightly different. I wish Draco to be married, and I want you to help him find a bride.”Hermione stopped breathing. Narcissa was regarding her with benevolent calmness, but there was steel under her clear-eyed gaze. With an effort she spoke.“He’s only eighteen, my lady. Isn’t he a little young to be married?”“Not if we’re going to war,” she said. “We need allies, as quickly as possible, and a marriage – or the hope of one – is the surest way of securing them. There will be a bride-hunt ball in Draco’s honour within the next week. You will draw up the guest list and discuss the attractions of each girl with my son.”“Yes, my lady,” Hermione said mechanically.“You needn’t fear anything, child,” Narcissa said. Her voice was not unkind. “I told you I had never seen my son like this with anyone before – I do believe he has a tendre for you, and I know he will keep you on after his marriage. Your place in his life – perhaps even his heart – will not change.”She nodded. “May – may I be excused, my lady? I’d better go draw up the list immediately, if I’m only to have a week.”Narcissa waved a hand in regal dismissal. Hermione rose jerkily to her feet and made her way to her own bedroom, seeing nobody and nothing on her way. She sank down onto the edge of her bed.She had known this was coming, of course. She knew she could not have Draco to herself forever. He must get married and have heirs: things he would not do with a Mudblood. He would keep her on as his mistress, of course. Probably his wife would have her own lovers once she had presented her husband with two sons. That was the pureblood way. Even knowing that, Hermione felt a surge of unreasonable hatred for the faceless girl who would wear the Malfoy betrothal ring while she was relegated to the shadows.But… there was one thing she could do now, while Draco still belonged to her and her alone.Moving quickly, Hermione strode out of her room to where she knew the princeling would be at this time of day: his study. Although his parents naturally looked after most of the county, Lucius was beginning to teach his son estate management, and Draco generally spent his morning scowling over the account books. Hermione loved kissing his pout away when she saw him in this mood.Today, she was going to do more.She knocked on the wide oaken door of his study. “Come in,” his voice said curtly.She did so. Her heart was pounding, palms slippery, but she felt supremely confident in her decision. This was what she had been waiting for. The study was even the perfect place: located in one of the towers, it was round and cosy, with only a single door and a window so high up that nobody would see them. Books lined the entirety of the circular wall. Draco was sitting behind the huge wooden desk. He looked up as she entered, eyes sharpening. “Ah, Granger. What a pleasant surprise.” He stood lithely. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”Hermione squared her shoulders and moved forward. He watched her approach, pale eyebrows climbing higher up his forehead as she skirted around the desk and came to stand in front of him.“Hermione? Is everything alright?”She took a deep breath and tilted her head back. “Draco,” she said. “Draco.” She stood on tiptoe and kissed him full on the mouth.He reacted with enthusiasm, despite the concern she could sense still lurking in his body. After all, this was unusual behaviour on her part; while she was always responsive when he kissed her, natural inhibitions made her reluctant to initiate. This time, however, she was almost frantic in her aggression. She tore at his finely tailored robes and snaked her hands over the pale, hard muscles of his chest, greedily covering every inch of skin even as her tongue delved into his mouth. He let out a low, ragged moan and pulled away.“Not that I’m ungrateful, you understand,” Draco panted, “but what’s brought this on?”“I’ll tell you later,” she said shortly. “Just – just fuck me, would you?”He stared at her in disbelief. “What?”Hermione sighed impatiently. “Come on, Draco, what’s taking you so long? This is what you’ve been working towards since you first saw me! Well, here I am, ready for the taking. So take me already, alright?”At her words, he disentangled himself from her fully. “That,” he said in irritation, “has got to be the least romantic proposition I’ve ever received. What is wrong with you, Granger? You can’t just show up here and jump on me without some sort of – you know, soft words, build-up! Leave it to a woman to bleed all the romance out of an affair…”She gazed at him in disbelief. Had she heard properly? Was foulmouthed, rude, arrogant Draco Malfoy berating her for her lack of romance? The very same Draco Malfoy who never spent more than one night with the same girl and ejected them unceremoniously in the mornings?She opened her mouth to retort, but her gaze fell on the heavy Malfoy signet ring on his right hand. Her stomach lurched uncomfortably. Soon, there was going to be a wedding ring adorning those long, slim fingers, forever signalling his divided loyalties. She didn’t want to waste time with petty squabbles.“Your mother,” she said abruptly, “is planning to hold a bride-hunt ball for you next week.”He went still. “What?”“Yes,” she sighed. “I’m to be in charge of the guest list. I knew you would marry at some point, of course, but I didn’t realise it would be so soon…”“I suppose it’s to secure an alliance,” he said distastefully. “How unpleasant.” He scrutinised her, expression disturbingly knowing. “Is that what brought this all on, Granger? You needn’t worry, you know. You have nothing to be jealous about. I’ll have your place as my mistress written into the marriage settlements.”“I’m not jealous,” Hermione objected, not entirely truthfully. “I just decided that I want to have you now, while you’re still all mine. Is that such a crime?”He grinned wolfishly. “Now that I know the cause? Not at all. But I’m not having you for the first time in my bloody study, Granger, honestly. Come here. We’re going to my bedroom.”Ignoring her scandalised protests, he swung her bridal-style into his arms and shouldered out of the room.The next week passed for Hermione in a haze of Draco: sex with him, sleeping with him, sitting and arguing with him, preparing the guest list for him…After that initial surge, her jealousy had dissipated. She was a practical girl, and she looked at the situation practically. Of course he had to be married. It would do wonders for Slytherin’s fledgling army.It helped that it was apparent her own position would never be jeopardised by his impending nuptials. Draco, to put it vulgarly, could not get enough of her; not content to limit himself to the night-time hours, he frequently sought her out in the daytime too, flipping her skirts up and screwing her over her desk, or against a bookshelf, or on the sofa. More than once, he would begin nibbling at her neck in front of his parents or the servants, forcing Hermione to transfer them rapidly to the nearest private space. She rapidly acquired the subtle emanation of languidness that only a constantly well-fucked woman could exude. Narcissa frequently commented that she had never seen her son so smitten, and even Lucius regarded her with a faint stirring of interest in his cold grey eyes.The day of the bride-hunt ball dawned bright and clear. Hermione yawned and, dropping a kiss onto a sleeping Draco’s cheek, rolled away from him. He had a tendency to wrap himself around her like an octopus while they slept, and she had to be careful not to wake him as she untangled their limbs. If he woke up he would undoubtedly want her again, and while she would have appreciated having her mind taken off the coming ordeal, she was dutiful enough to know that they didn’t have time for sex this morning.  She was cautiously excited for the night’s entertainment. A wide selection of suitable girls from Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and even Hufflepuff had been gathered. Gryffindor of course was off-limits; Draco had loudly proclaimed his conviction that all Gryffindor girls were ugly hags.“Except you, of course,” he had added as an afterthought, dropping a kiss onto her nose.Smiling at the memory, Hermione padded into the adjoining bathroom. Every morning it was a house-servant’s job to fill the palatial tub with water heated in the kitchens. She slid into its still-steaming warmth and emerged half an hour later, her light brown skin flushed. Today was a special occasion: although she had no intention of dancing with any of the noblemen invited, she would certainly be present in her role as spymistress. The black-and-gold silk dress robes she slipped on were suitably fashionable without drawing any unnecessary attention to herself.Leaving Draco to snore away in his bedroom – as a consummate pureblood, he rarely rose before noon – Hermione settled herself in her office to check the guest list one more time. Though there were scores of eligible girls, she and Draco had narrowed down the list to five.The Honourable Miss Horatia SlughornLady Astoria Greengrass

The Honourable Miss Belvina BurkeLady Lucretia YaxleyAll were blessed with wealth, high breeding, and (as the careful perusal of portraits had assured) beauty. Upon being entreated by Hermione to express a preference for one of them, Draco had irritably told her that for all he cared Hermione could pick his bride for him. Though secretly pleased by this further proof of his absolute indifference to the matter of his marriage, she had severely warned him to behave himself. She personally favoured the Lady Astoria, a sleek blonde whose father was the powerful Earl of Dungeon, but she was determined not to prejudice Draco and had kept her mouth shut.The rest of the day was spent carrying out various errands of Narcissa’s. Most important among these was the need to secrete the Slytherin spies, known as Inquisitors, everywhere throughout the Manor. Though Hermione was their chief, there was a host of underlings who reported to her, and she was kept busy working out plans and positions for them. She did not see Draco. Though she knew that he was getting ready for the ball, she felt a tiny wave of disappointment.It vanished when she returned to her room in the early evening to do her hair. Lying on her bed was a small black box. She opened it warily; there was no telling what could be inside.The answer turned out to be an emerald-and-diamond necklace, on a bed of black velvet.Hermione’s breath caught. Her fingers trembling, she reached inside and plucked it out. The piece of jewellery was surprisingly light for something that had no doubt cost more than her entire wardrobe: it was delicate, silvery, and possibly the most beautiful thing she had ever seen.There was no note, but she didn’t need one. Only one person would have given her a gift of this magnitude.Shakily she fastened it around her neck. It fit close, like a collar: she had always known that Draco had a proprietary streak a mile wide, but this screamed Property of Draco Malfoy like nothing else she had witnessed to date. Hermione was independent-minded enough that she felt a slight qualm at accepting such a blatant symbol of ownership, but she had to admit the sentiment – that there was someone who actually wanted responsibility for her, wanted to look after her – was not a displeasing one, for someone who had spent her entire life alone. The qualm died a rapid death.The gong rang out to signal seven of the clock. The guests would be arriving now. Tearing her gaze away from the reflection of the necklace in the mirror, Hermione hurried down to where an assortment of Inquisitors was waiting for last-minute instructions for her. Draco and his parents would be in the entrance hall, waiting to greet their guests. Supper would be served at half-past seven, and the dancing would commence at eight in the ballroom. She had people posted throughout the entire Manor, however: Hermione had a shrewd suspicion that more than one person would attempt to take advantage of their host’s hospitality.Her suspicion bore fruit several hours later.It was nine of the clock. The dancing was beginning to get underway; the hall was filled with laughing, chattering, swaying guests. Hermione had just made an unobtrusive sweep of the dancefloor. She was forcing herself not to stare at Draco, who was resplendent in robes of stark black that set off his alabaster skin to perfection. They had not exchanged words so far tonight, but his gaze had dropped to the necklace as soon as he had seen her. He kept glancing at her, as though to assure himself she was still wearing it, and it seared her every time.Currently he was dancing with Lady Lucretia Yaxley, expression suffused with boredom. Having assured herself that nothing demanded her immediate attention, Hermione leaned against a wall in a corner of the ballroom and allowed her eyes to trace the supple grace of his movements. She was unpleasantly interrupted when one of her spies meandered up to her.“Ma’am,” Dolores Umbridge muttered through a pleasant smile. “Immediate presence required. There’s trouble.”Umbridge was a plump, cheerful-faced old woman whose smiling countenance hid a razor sharpness that made her one of Hermione’s best Inquisitors. She was dressed in the dark grey of a house-servant, ensuring that the eyes of the pureblood guests slid over her as though she did not exist.Hermione smiled back brightly for the benefit of any onlookers. “What’s wrong?” she asked in an undertone.There was an unusually grim look on Umbridge’s face. “It’s – well, you’ll just have to come with me. I can’t explain here.”Hermione darted a lightning-fast glance at the Malfoys one last time to reassure herself that they, at least, were safe. Draco was still dancing. Narcissa was giggling by the refreshments table with the Marchioness of Ilvermorny; out of respect for her guests, she was for once wearing a dress that did not bare her breasts. Lucius was ostensibly in conversation with Lord Burke, but his attention was on his wife, and Hermione knew from the arctic expression on his face that he was immeasurably bored with his companion. It made his resemblance to Draco sharper.“Very well, lead on,” she said, turning away from them and following Umbridge out of the ballroom.Once they were out of sight of the guests, Umbridge sped up until she was almost running. Hermione followed suit. “What is it?” she said sharply.“Rosier caught an intruder attempting to break into the lordship’s private study,” Umbridge reported. “He’s got her under armed guard in the Red Room, awaiting your arrival.”Excitement rushed through Hermione’s blood. A Gryffindor spy, no doubt, smuggled in to see what their army preparations were. Hadn’t she known something would occur tonight? Hadn’t she sensed it?“I see,” she said calmly, masking her inner exhilaration. “In that case, you’re dismissed. Return to your post.”Disappointment flared in Umbridge’s eyes, but she curtseyed and trotted off. Smiling faintly at the other woman’s ill-concealed sadistic streak, Hermione hurried straight to the Red Room.It was locked, of course. “Rosier, it’s me,” she said through the door. He opened it immediately, revealing a small chamber hung in ruby and scarlet.“Ma’am!”She stepped past him. Her gaze immediately fell on the chair in the middle of the room, to which a young woman had been tied with rope. She blinked.“Miss Chang?”The Honourable Cho Chang, only daughter of the Ravenclaw Baron Fenghuang, gazed back at her icily.“Mudblood,” she said. 

Hermione warily paced closer to her captive.The Honourable Miss Cho Chang's expression was determinedly flat as her dark eyes flickered over Hermione. She was dressed in fine blue robes; indeed, she was an honoured member of the guest list, perhaps not one of the five favoured options but nonetheless someone whose father's good opinion needed to be courted. Lord Fenghuang had remained determinedly neutral so far, never showing a marked partiality for either Gryffindor or Slytherin.Considering his daughter had now been found attempting to steal Slytherin secrets, that appeared to have changed – in Gryffindor's favour.Hermione stopped an arms-length away from Cho. "Miss Chang, this is highly unexpected. I had not thought to encounter such a breach of hospitality from Ravenclaw, of all places." The county was famed for its civility, their aloof politeness a sign of the fact that many of its inhabitants were too intellectual to bother with strong emotion. "Do you have an explanation for your conduct?""Fuck off," Cho said succinctly.Hermione's eyes widened. Rosier gasped."Really, Miss Chang," she said reprovingly. "May I remind you that you are a guest here? What would your father say if he knew what we'd caught you doing?"Cho kept her mouth stubbornly shut.Hermione gentled her voice. "Miss Chang, I know you're a remarkably intelligent woman, and I'm sure you understand the gravity of your position. You, as a guest in his house, were discovered attempting to illicitly enter the study of the Duke of Slytherin. We now have you under armed guard. There are a great many things it is now in our power to do to you."There was a silence. Hermione watched as Cho's expression remained unreadable, and sighed internally. She hated it when they refused to talk."This is your last warning," she said. "If you don't talk, I'll be forced to summon Fenrir Greyback. I assure you, that is not something you want.""You wouldn't dare," Cho said icily, speaking properly for the first time. "I think you have forgotten, Mudblood, that I am a lord's daughter. I cannot be threatened with your pet torturer.""The lord your father is awfully far away right now," Hermione mused. "Meanwhile, our pet torturer – as you so aptly described him – lives in the dungeons. But you're right; there's no need to resort to such distasteful measures. Not when I already know why you're here."Cho scoffed. "Yeah, right. How stupid do you imagine I am?""Not stupid at all," Hermione said easily. "Rosier, bring me a chair."She settled into the straight-backed wooden chair the Auror silently placed behind her. Her brain was working at lightning speed, formulating and refining a plan. Not for nothing had Hermione been born in a village on the very border between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw; she knew that Cho's intelligence was almost as formidable as her own, but that meant the other girl might be lured into making some very simple mistakes. Moreover, she was no trained spy."S0," Hermione said. "You're working for Gryffindor, aren't you? I know you've always had a soft spot for Lord Potter."Cho remained silent. Hermione was undeterred."I don't intend to be put off, Miss Chang, so you may as well tell me now.""Never," Cho said.Well, that was conclusive. Hermione's patience abruptly vanished. She had been prepared to spend the whole night, if necessary, needling Cho into a mistake, but that no longer seemed like the most reasonable course of action; whatever had driven a supposedly neutral Ravenclaw noblewoman into making such a huge mistake was something she needed to know now. Had Gryffindor definitively secured the county as allies, or was Lord Fenghuang acting on his own? If Ravenclaw had fallen, that left only Hufflepuff to be wooed, and Hermione had a low opinion of those disgustingly cheerful do-gooders. They would be useless in a war – if they even consented to take part at all. Moreover, Hufflepuff was far more likely to ally with Gryffindor than Slytherin. Time had suddenly become of the essence. She needed to know now.Hermione was also incredibly aware that Draco still remained in the ballroom, perhaps choosing his new bride this very moment. Was he looking for her? Had he noticed her absence?"Rosier," she said without taking her eyes off Cho. "Get me Greyback.""Yes, ma'am," the Auror murmured, not quite disguising the shock in his voice as he left to do her bidding.Cho sneered. "A pathetic bluff, Mudblood. You would not expose me to Greyback.""I would not – had you cooperated with me," Hermione retorted. "You are no longer a guest here, Miss Chang. You are a spy, and you will be treated as such."Cho tossed her head. "I am not a spy!"Hermione did not waste her energy in remonstrating further. In a very short time, Rosier returned, bringing with him the one individual who challenged the Princess Bellatrix in the cruelty department.Fenrir Greyback, dungeon master and torturer of Slytherin, was a great beast of a man with long, dirty grey hair and wolf-pale blue eyes, set in a leathery face. Scars marred almost every visible inch of his body. He was dressed as usual in a black cloak that soaked up light like a sponge. Rosier was giving him a wide berth, and Hermione could not blame him: Greyback was filthy, crude, and deranged. Not even most of the other Slytherins liked him. Hermione herself had managed to accustom herself to his presence, but at the beginning of her tenure as spymistress she had been forced to break his bones several times before he recognised her authority over him.Pain was the only currency Greyback traded in, after all."You called for me?" he rumbled. His eyes fell on Cho, a greedy light flaring in them. Hermione was glad to see that she had paled dramatically upon his entrance. Suddenly, her expression was fearful and unsure."Yes, I did," she said crisply. "Greyback, I wish you to extract from Miss Chang the knowledge of her purpose in her actions tonight."She rose and crossed over to the doorway, ceding the floor to Greyback as he stepped forward to survey his prey.Hermione was not a sociopath. Unlike many Slytherins, she did have a moral compass, and there were lines she was not willing to cross. It simply happened that torture was not one of them, at least not when she could justify it. She rarely got her own hands dirty, however. When she had realised that nothing short of prolonged pain would force Umbridge to accept a Mudblood as her boss, Hermione had sent her off to be re-educated by a particularly vicious group of centaurs. Umbridge had returned substantially more docile than when she had gone in."Last chance, Miss Chang," she said. "Greyback is particularly fond of young female flesh, you understand, but it isn't often he gets to indulge his desires.""No," Cho said. There was a faint tremor in her voice, but she remained still, taking in Greyback's approach unblinkingly. "No, no, no.""Well, if that's your last word…" Hermione shrugged. "Greyback, begin."Then she stepped back, tugging a green-faced Rosier with her. She didn't want to get blood on these robes.Greyback slowly unlaced his cloak and let it fall. Under it he was not wearing robes but a dirty white shirt from which the sleeves had been torn, revealing biceps that bulged obscenely with muscle. Around his waist hung a long hunting knife. It was highly unlikely that Cho had been trained to withstand torture, as most genuine spies were, so it was doubtful that any more advanced tools would be necessary.Greyback advanced. Cho's back cringed as she bent away from him as far as possible, but was prevented by the ropes. Her face was white, teeth clenched. Hermione was unwillingly impressed at the fact that she made no sound but a gulp when Greyback reached out and ripped her robes straight down the middle, exposing a whalebone corset. He didn't stop there; his strength was immense enough that he did not have to use his knife when he did the same to her corset, allowing Cho's small breasts to spill free. They drooped slightly as their support was removed, but sat high on her thin white frame.The destroyed robes and corset were puddled around her waist. Cho licked her lips. Candles shone brightly throughout the room but its very redness seemed to shade her face."Pretty," Greyback rumbled. His fingernails were long and yellow against Cho's pale skin as he curved his hand around one of her breasts, the other dropping to finger the bone handle of his knife. The tiny mound of flesh was utterly engulfed by his huge paw. He ran a tip of one dirty fingernail over her nipple, which pebbled at his touch and the cold air. The expression on his scarred face was intent as he rolled the bead gently around in his fingers. Cho released a tiny gasp."We don't have all night, Greyback," Hermione said impatiently.Greyback shot her a vicious look but Cho let out a choked shriek, and she saw that he had dug his nails deep into her breast. When he took his hand away, a tiny, tiny drop of blood welled up in the furrows he had made around the areole. He did the same to her other breast, this time skipping the preliminary fondling and going straight to carving grooves into her breast with his claws.The pinkness left behind by his rough touch faded but the blood remained, trickling slowly over the lower curve of the flesh.Greyback pulled back. Cho looked as though she were carved of marble, her body frozen.He slid the knife out of its sheath and held it up to the light, allowing it to cast a long shadow over her face. Then he brought it crashing down – through one of the ropes which bound her. Cho gasped and dragged her left hand, suddenly free, out of the newly loose ropes, but Greyback instantly caught them it in one meaty fist. She struggled wildly, but her delicate wrist was no match for the cage of his own hand. He forced her to curl her fingers into her palm until only her left pinkie finger remained, extending out and trapped between the pincers of his thumb and index finger. With his free hand he rested the knife gently against her fingertip."Talk," he said.He let it dig it slightly to underscore his question. Cho shuddered, blinking back tears, but snapped, "No!"He gave her no more warnings. The movement of his knife was obscured for Hermione by the size of his hand, but Cho screamed, and there was a spray of blood and a soft thump as a tiny section of fingertip, adorned with nail, dropped to the carpet.That would have to be cleaned, Hermione thought in an effort to remain composed. She hated being physically present for these things, but someone needed to ensure Greyback didn't go too far. Next to her, Rosier swallowed. She made a mental note to put him back through the desensitisation training he should already have passed.Cho had given up the fight against tears. She was letting out a thin, high-pitched keening noise, and seemed utterly insensible to Greyback when he shook her shoulders and demanded, "Are you willing to talk now?"With an impatient growl, he grabbed a dirty white handkerchief from his pocket and wrapped it around her stump with the calm efficiency of practice. It quickly turned red, the blood soaking through the material even from such a relatively minor wound. When that failed to stop the noise, he slapped Cho's cheek. She screamed higher, the chair rocking back with the force of the blow. A slight crunch seemed to suggest the possibility of a broken jawbone, but she was making so much noise that Hermione doubted it."Stop! Stop!" she shrieked. "Stop!""Will you tell us what we want to know?" he barked.Sobs broke from her body and racked her shoulders. Greyback prepared to deliver the slap again, this time on the other cheek, but Hermione intervened."That's enough," she said, her eyes on Cho's broken and wet-faced figure. "Give her a moment."Greyback shrugged and lowered his arm. Cho continued to sob for several minutes, but eventually hiccoughed herself into something resembling silence."What," Hermione said precisely, "was going on tonight?"She thought for a second that she would have to order Greyback to rebegin, but after a moment Cho spoke. Her voice was dull. By this time, the blood had saturated the handkerchief and was about to drip onto the floor."I had orders from my father to see if Lord Slytherin had any documents in his office which would tell us about the state of his army," she said mechanically. "We're working with Hufflepuff."Hermione paled, her worst fears confirmed. "Hufflepuff? You and Hufflepuff have both decided to ally with Gryffindor against us?""No," Cho said flatly. "We have allied with Hufflepuff against you and Gryffindor. We plan to crush you both."Her eyelids flickered shut, and she appeared to pass out. Which was just as well, because Hermione was left reeling by this utterly unexpected and unforeseen turn of events.Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff, the least martial counties, planned to subdue Slytherin and Gryffindor. Did that – could that possibly mean – that Slytherin and Gryffindor now had to be allies?

Hermione slipped back into the ballroom. She had been gone for an hour; as she scanned the dancers unobtrusively, she was certain that she had not been missed.She had dismissed Greyback back to the small room he occupied in the dungeons, which he was forbidden to leave except when given permission. The beast had glowered and sulked at not being allowed to bring Cho with him, but Hermione had no intention of exposing the girl to him. Instead, she had been left locked in a bedroom with Umbridge to watch over her until she awoke. Then she would be forced to drink a Forgetfulness Potion and turned loose.See, Hermione could be merciful.She needed to tell the Duke and Duchess of what had transpired without further loss of time. Narcissa was now dancing with the Baron de Ville, a gaunt Slytherin nobleman whose trail of dead wives had earned him the moniker ‘the Bloody Baron.’ Lucius was deep in conversation with a circle of men that included Horace Slughorn, tenth Viscount Slug. But – where was Draco? Hermione’s gaze roved the room with increasing panic.“Where have you been?”She suppressed a jump. “Draco!” How had he managed to sneak up on her? He was examining her with narrow-eyed suspicion. “You were gone an awfully long time,” he said pointedly. “I wanted to dance with you.”Hermione hesitated, then offered, “We could dance now?” It wasn’t the most sensible decision she’d ever made, and it would signal her importance in Draco’s life to any watchers, but she didn’t care. After the news she’d just received she badly needed a dose of comfort.Surprise flared in his pale eyes, but he nodded instantly and led her out onto the dancefloor. Hermione did her best to ignore the hundreds of eyes she could feel on her.“So what happened? Where did you go?” Draco said as the orchestra struck up a jaunty tune.Her hand fisted on the silken material of his robes. “I was dealing with an intruder we had. Tell you about it later.”He looked watchful. “Big things afoot?”“Very big,” she confirmed. “But let’s discuss it later. I saw you dancing with the Lady Lucretia before I left – have you made a decision yet?”His grip on the curve of her waist tightened. “Not now, Granger. We can talk about all the official business later. For now, I just want to dance with you.” He spun her out into an expert twirl that had her gasping.“I won’t argue with that,” she said quietly, and they spent the rest of the dance in silence, holding each other close. The night’s entertainment came to an end, and Hermione melted back into the shadows as the guests took their leave of the hosts and house-servants appeared to lead them to their bedrooms. She flowed along the corridors until she reached the Green Room, where she usually reported to the Malfoys. It was not long before they joined her there.“Hermione!” Narcissa cried, her eyes glittering madly and cheeks flushed from exertion. “What a crush! Wasn’t it such a success!”“Yes, my lady,” she said politely.Lucius laughed softly and pulled his wife down onto his lap as he settled himself on the sofa. Draco threw himself down beside them. Hermione herself remained standing before them, hands interlinked behind her back.“Well?” he said. “What’s occurred?”Rapidly, Hermione detailed the interaction with Cho. As she spoke the mirth faded from Narcissa’s expression, leaving a deadly coldness.“Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff have allied to crush us?” she repeated. “Of all the weak, pacifist houses!”“It appears they’ve sensed an opportunity to put down old rivals,” Lucius said dryly. “I trust the way forward is clear to everyone?”“An alliance with Gryffindor,” Hermione confirmed. “Individually, Slytherin is no match for the combined might of the eagle and the badger.”Draco’s sneer was a work of art. “Merlin, is this really what it’s come to?”“I’m afraid so, son,” Lucius said. “I assure you, this pains me even more than it pains you… Miss Granger, you’ll oversee the projected alliance with Gryffindor?”She opened her mouth, then closed it again. What? She was only a recent spymistress, and this was a political venture rather than an espionage one, far beyond her remit. She frowned.“My lord, I’m not sure that –”“Good, then that’s settled,” Narcissa said briskly. “Draco, darling, which of the girls today did you find most palatable?”He considered for a long moment, looking thoughtful. Hermione held her breath.Please say Astoria, please say Astoria…“The Lady Astoria, I suppose,” he said at last. “Though really, Hermione, you could’ve been more subtle in pushing me together with her. Arranging for me to have the first dance with her? That’s practically a proposal!”She flushed guiltily. “I just think she’d make a very good duchess,” she defended herself. “And her father is someone we really need to have on our side…”Draco rolled his eyes, but his tone – when he spoke – was indulgent. “I can see I’m already being managed by my mistress… well, anyway, I’m off to bed. Don’t keep her too long, Mother, I’ll be waiting up for her.” He rose unhurriedly from the sofa and gave her a long, deep kiss before sauntering off. Hermione blinked to clear her head.“We’ll have to contact Lord Dungeon and draw up the marriage settlements,” Narcissa was saying. “And arrange to have the banns read in Wiltshire Cathedral… Oh, so many things to do!” Her effervescent smile faded. “Lucius, don’t you wish our son could have had a love match like us? It’s such a shame it isn’t possible.”“He doesn’t need a love match, my dear,” the Duke responded, running his hand over her smooth blonde hair. “He’s found his love, and as long as she’s with him, whether or not they’re married is immaterial. Don’t you think I’d have stolen you away to live as my mistress if your father hadn’t agreed to my suit?”Narcissa giggled and swatted him. “Oh, Lucius!” She leaned forward on his lap to lick at his throat, making him release a low groan. Hermione took that as her cue to leave.“Goodnight!” she called, scurrying up to where Draco awaited her in bed, no doubt naked and deliciously mussed. Love? No, of course he didn’t love her. More importantly, she didn’t love him.Absolutely not. But it did leave a warm, lingering glow in her chest as she undressed swiftly and slipped under the sheets beside him.“This is so far beneath me I can’t even see it,” Draco grouched as their carriage drew closer to its destination.Hermione stroked his head, which was lying in her lap. She was so absorbed in watching her fingers tease the glossy strands that it was a moment before she registered the complaint, which was the millionth of its kind that she’d had to hear over the last two days.“Draco,” she said patiently, “we’ve been over this. You know we have to get Lord Gryffindor on our side if we’re to have a hope of defeating the Ravenpuff alliance.”He sulked. She used the tips of her fingers to straighten his pout, and laughed as he turned his head to nip at them.The prospect of going into Gryffindor to ask for an alliance – a Slythindor alliance, as she privately called it – was a highly lowering one for Draco. Although he had been brought to see its necessity, he grumbled against it every opportunity he got. But he was a Slytherin; Hermione knew he would rise to the situation when it called for it. The Gryffindors had responded to their letter asking for an audience with guarded agreement, so she knew they were probably curious to hear what Slytherin could possibly want with them.She herself was experiencing intense doubts over her ability to handle the deal. Blackmailing the King of Hogwarts was one thing; negotiating a real alliance with the ruler of the biggest (if poorest) county in the land was another. It didn’t help that this was the first time she’d been back to Gryffindor since leaving it years ago. Of course, her hovel was nowhere near the ducal mansion of the Burrow, but just the knowledge that it was out there was putting her on edge.Draco tugged at one of her nipples to get her attention. She brushed his hand away and looked down. “Yes?”What he would have said, she would never know; at that moment their carriage drew to a stop, and there was a respectful rap on the door.“We’re here, ma’am, my lord,” the Auror accompanying them, Amycus Carrow, called.Hermione levered a resistant Draco off her lap and smoothed the wrinkles out of her robes. Now that it was time, she was finding that she was a lot less terrified than she had been before. In fact, a muted sort of thrill was running through her. She rolled down the carriage window and stuck her head out.The Burrow resembled its name rather more than one could hope for a ducal residence. Accustomed to the icy elegance of Malfoy Manor, Hermione gaped at the tangle of buildings and outhouses which constituted the base of the House of Weasley. Why, there weren’t even any towers! Instead of a distinguished grey or black stone, the outside was an earthen brown shade which gave rise to horrible suspicions in her mind. Her hovel, though not the smallest or meanest in her village, had also been that colour, because it had been made of packed mud and then plastered over…Her horror must have been evident on her face, because when she turned to look at him Draco was smirking. “I told you so,” he said in a subvocal tone. “Anyway, down you go, Granger. Time to beard the dragon in his den.” He wrapped his arms around her waist, and – with a theatrical grunt of effort which made her elbow his muscled chest – he lowered her onto the ground.There were no house-servants to greet them. Instead, a pair of tall, identical redheaded young men were gazing at them with frank curiosity. Hermione curtseyed.“Lord Frederick, Lord George. A pleasure.”“Yes, what she said,” Draco muttered. She stepped on his foot.One of the twins laughed out loud. “Fancy seeing you here, your highness. Let’s take them in then, shall we, Gred?”“You lead the way, Forge,” the other returned. When he tucked some hair behind his ears, Hermione saw that the one on the left was missing a large chunk of flesh. She filed it away as an identifying feature.They began the walk to the main entrance of the Burrow. Since there was no long, sweeping driveway, it was a short one. Hermione considered attempting to make conversation with her hosts, who kept shooting her sidelong looks before exchanging speaking glances with each other, but one look at Draco’s superior expression warned her not to bother. She contented herself with taking in as much of the place as possible.The Burrow predated the Manor by several centuries, and it looked its age. There appeared not to have been money for renovations since at least the time of the Malfoy kings, a few hundred years ago; the front door spilled them out onto a dingy corridor which smelled strongly of frying onions, and there was yet another Weasley scion seated on the floor with a pair of boots in his hands. Hermione squinted at him with dawning astonishment. Was he – could he possibly be – polishing his own boots?“Hullo, Charlie,” the twin without the mangled ear said cheerfully. “Come to gawp at Dad’s guests?”The one on the floor looked up and grinned. Unlike his brothers, his body was short but incredibly sturdy.“There you are, Fred,” he said. “Dad’s expecting them. Straight into the study, he says.”Nodding, Fred bowed elaborately. “Follow me, your highness!” His tone turned the address into a blatant mockery, and Hermione could feel Draco gritting his teeth next to her. She surreptitiously brushed her fingers over his hand in fleeting comfort.Merlin, this alliance was never going to work. Not that they even had an alliance, yet…Thankfully the smell of onions faded as they progressed. The floor began to slope downwards, and Hermione realised that the bulk of the rooms was located underground. It truly was a burrow, it seemed.Fred stopped outside a nondescript door that seemed no different from its neighbours. “Here we go, then,” he said. “Don’t worry about making your way back – Dad will lead you up for dinner. If you survive, that is.” Smirking, he tugged on his forelock with sarcastic respect before backing away.“You can do this, Draco,” Hermione murmured. “You’re a prince, the future king of Hogwarts, and one of the cleverest men I know. This is nothing to you.”“Or you either, my love,” he murmured back, almost inaudibly. “Not when you’re the brightest spymistress of your age… Right, here we go.” His reserve falling around him once more like a cloak, he knocked sharply.“Come in!” called Arthur IV, Duke of Gryffindor.

Hermione’s only experience with dukes so far had been Lucius Malfoy, and whatever could be said about him (and indeed, much had been said about him) it was undeniable that he looked every inch the duke. He was tall and slim, with narrow aristocratic features and a deceptively lazy drawl; though he walked with a cane, it was overwhelmingly evident that he did not need one, and a single glance from his hard grey eyes had been known to cause grown men to succumb to terror.Arthur Weasley was a different story.Hermione concealed her surprise as Draco ushered her into Lord Gryffindor’s study. Though the room was long, the ceiling was so low that it brushed the top of Draco’s head. There were no windows so far underground and the only light came from three guttering candles dotted in holders around the room. A distinctly recognisable scent informed her nose that the candles were made from cheap, fatty tallow, rather than the refined beeswax used in Malfoy Manor.The duke himself rose from behind his desk as they walked deeper into the room. He was a thin man, back slightly hunched over, with balding red hair and a vague expression. Hermione instantly began to feel even more suspicious. Experience had taught her that nobody who looked so harmless could possibly be so.“Greetings, my lord,” she said guardedly.“Miss Granger, Lord Wiltshire, please do sit,” he said, looking around. “I’ve been so intrigued to –”“Where?” Draco interrupted loudly.Lord Gryffindor blinked. “I beg your pardon?”“Where are we supposed to sit?” Draco repeated, his tone edged with impatience. “I can’t see any chairs.”Though his undiplomatic bluntness made her cringe, Hermione knew he was right. The single chair in the entire study was the one behind the duke’s own desk.“Ah,” Gryffindor said, a dull flush beginning in his cheeks. “Forgive me, my lord. It seems I – quite forgot to have extra chairs carried in.” He hesitated. “Perhaps we could all sit on the floor?”“An excellent plan!” Hermione interjected hurriedly as she felt Draco beginning to swell in outrage.Her lover’s face was dark with ill-concealed fury; it was doubtful that the expensive silk of his robes had ever touched anything so uncouth as the floor of the Burrow in its life. Nevertheless, she sank down, grabbing hold of his hand as she went and tugging him down with her. He followed after slight resistance and settled himself gingerly on the Niffler-skin rug.Gryffindor had done the same before them. “My lord, Miss Granger, as I was saying, I’m very intrigued as to what the pair of you wished to discuss. Your letter was… not forthcoming, to say the least.”Hermione took a deep breath and leaned forward. As usual, now that the moment for action had arrived, her nervousness faded to be replaced with bone-deep determination.“My lord,” she said, “we come bearing a proposition for you. But first – news. It has come to our attention that Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff have entered an alliance in order to subjugate us under their rule.” She paused to assess his reaction. His face remained bland, but he took off his spectacles and began polishing them on the edge of his robes. The move gave him the opportunity to break her gaze, forcing her to continue.“At the bride-hunting ball held recently for my Lord Wiltshire here, we apprehended the Honourable Miss Chang attempting to obtain secrets from my Lord Slytherin’s study. Interrogation revealed that she was acting not merely on behalf of her own county but Hufflepuff as well.”“Concerning news,” Gryffindor said at last, voice unreadable. Hermione was forced to reconsider her previous summation of him as a bumbling fool. Nobody with a poker face like that could be anything resembling a fool.“Yes, quite so,” Draco drawled. “You’ll find that this is where you come in. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, and all that.”“I suppose adversity does make for strange bedfellows,” Gryffindor observed. “Still, I confess to some surprise, my lord. The recent – incident – with His Highness had led me to believe that amity between our domains would be… difficult to achieve.”He was referring, of course, to their blackmailing of Dumbledore for a larger army, in response to the discovery of Gryffindor’s own contravention of the soldier limits. Hermione was not surprised that he knew of it; after all, the King’s protégé was soon to be married to his only daughter.Ah, Potter. Now there was an issue she had yet to deal with. She thought back to the dark, mottled bruises marring Ginny’s milky skin. She would not permit him to remain undealt-with for long.“We’re perfectly willing to let bygones be bygones, if you are,” Draco was saying, at his most urbane. He flashed Gryffindor a smile. “After all, we’re all on an even footing now.”His subtle reminder that Slytherin was now beefing up its own army made the duke’s brow crease in a frown.“Yes,” he said slowly. “I see.”Draco leaned forward. In one lithe, catlike move, he rolled fluidly from his cross-legged position into a crouch, eyes gleaming.“Think about it,” he said. “We pool our army, our resources. Nobody outdoes you in sheer numbers; nobody outdoes us in sheer Galleons. Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw haven’t a chance! And then, when we win –”“You’ve raised an excellent point, my lord,” Gryffindor interrupted. “When we win. What are your plans? Do we depose Lords Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff? Absorb their territories? That way lies bloodshed. Go back to the status quo? I doubt our people would take well to that, having spent life and limb. Yet if we merely strip some assets from the lords and leave them in place, they’ll remain ever scheming, spurred on by the humiliation of loss. And what of the power structure? Am I to believe that Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, as victors, would be perfectly willing to forget their ambitions and placidly take Dumbledore back as King? Instead of – say – marching on Hogsmeade and the Tower?”His voice rose as he neared the end of his impassioned speech. Hermione cut in smoothly.“All very good things to consider, my lord,” she said. “And we have considered them. My solution is that, once we’ve won, we exile the two dukes and replace them with their heirs. Lady Luna Lovegood will become Duchess of Ravenclaw, and the Countess of St Mungo will become Duchess of Hufflepuff. This way, their counties will be happy because they still have legitimate rulers in place, but new rulers will be far too busy consolidating their rule to worry about petty squabbles like this one. Of course, we’ll insist on an annual tithe, but that’s just to offset the costs of a war they lost – they’ll pay if they don’t want further bloodshed, which they won’t. As for the kingship, well…” she gave him her best smile. This was the weakest part of her argument. “We’re willing to leave Dumbledore in place for now, and Lord Potter his heir. But should Lord Potter have no children, we insist that Prince Draco – or the issue of his body – take up the Sorting Hat.”She held her breath.“You’re willing to leave Harry in place?” Gryffindor said incredulously. “That seems remarkably generous of you, Miss Granger.” His eyes slid to Draco. “And what does my lord think of that?”Draco shrugged. “I’m perfectly content with it. It’s hardly as though Potters are prolific begetters, after all. He’s an only child, and his father was an only child, and his grandfather was an only child too… it’ll be a miracle if they manage to break the trend this time.”“Potters may not be prolific begetters, but Weasleys are,” the duke said drily.“I’m willing to take that chance,” Draco said, his tone dripping with so much innate arrogance that Hermione knew Gryffindor would believe him.And Gryffindor did. “Very well, my lord, Miss Granger,” he said on an exhale. “You have convinced me of the necessity of this course of action. We’ll draw up the appropriate papers first thing tomorrow. For now, let’s dine.”Exultancy ran through Hermione’s veins. Here it was – the first step of the plan she had painstakingly put together with the Malfoys. But there was no point in getting too cocky. Gryffindors were no less devious than Slytherins – they simply weren’t as good at it. Entering the Great Hall of the Burrow was a shock to Hermione’s senses.Unlike the Manor’s Great Hall, which was reserved and coolly elegant, the main dining area of the Burrow was a loud, noisy chamber filled with countless long wooden benches and illuminated by more guttering tallow candles. Nor was there a High Table, a discovery which she only prevented Draco from commenting scathingly on by stepping on his foot. Instead, the Duke, Duchess, and their noble children ate mingled among the commoners like one immense huddle.Though Hermione had been born in Gryffindor, she felt no kinship as she scanned their faces. Many cheeks were already flushed from drinking the plentiful Butterbeer; as she passed by where a nameless redhaired Weasley cousin sat, she narrowly escaped having a goblet of the foaming liquid spilt on her robes.The duke led them to a table slightly emptier than the others. On it were Lord Charles Weasley, a lanky bespectacled young man she recognised as Lord Perseus – and Lord Ronald. Draco’s hand tightened painfully on her arm.“Boys, here are our guests,” Gryffindor said. “Miss Granger, my lord, here are my children Charlie, Percy, and Ron.”Ron’s head had jerked up from his plate at her name. Hermione kept her face blank. She had, of course, known there was a chance she would run into her would-be paramour at the Burrow, but it didn’t make the experience any more palatable. He was staring at her unabashedly, blue eyes unblinking. A globule of mashed potato slid off his spoon as he attempted to eat without looking at it.“If he doesn’t stop looking at you, I’m going to beat him,” Draco snarled softly into her war.“Calm down,” she muttered with a quick pat. “You know he was only ever a job to me.”He was prevented from replying as they settled into their seats. Hermione gazed at the crumbling mashed potatoes on her plate. She hadn’t eaten such food in two years; it was amazing how quickly one got out of the habit of making do with less.A plump woman with greying hair bustled up then, swathed in a green robe Hermione had seen Narcissa wearing three seasons ago. “Arthur!” she said. “No introduction for me?”The duke coughed. “Ah, this is my wife, the Lady Molly.”Hermione nodded a greeting. The wife’s appearance had made her start to wonder where Ginny was; she needed to get started on some sort of plan to deal with that particular situation.“How do you do?” Draco said with a creditable attempt at politeness.“Fine, thank you, my lord,” she replied with equal insincerity. Her eyes lingered on Ron’s unrelenting Hermione-centric stare, which prompted a deep frown. She squeezed her body into the narrow gap between Draco and the duke; Hermione could feel him begin to simmer with irritation at the prolonged physical contact with a woman she knew he despised.“You,” he murmured to her in a silken undertone, “are going to have to seriously make all of this up to me tonight.”She suppressed an inappropriate flash of heat. “Draco, we can’t,” she hissed back. “I doubt the Weasleys will even give us the same room. And besides, the Lady Astoria arrives tomorrow –”He scowled at the reminder. To obscure the true purpose of their visit from Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff spies, the Malfoys had let it be known that Draco was visiting Gryffindor on the first stage of the Engagement Trip traditionally undertaken by newly affianced noble couples. Unfortunately, that meant that Lady Astoria Greengrass would be joining their party the next day.Hermione was also trying not to think about it. Though Draco had insisted that nothing about their relationship would change after his marriage, she was not so sanguine; although she had carefully hand-selected his bride herself, she was conscious of an emotion uncomfortably close to jealousy whenever she recalled that it was Lady Astoria who would be publicly attached to her lover, who would have the right to call upon him and bear his legitimate children. Draco had told her he had no objection to starting a family with her in time, but Hermione refused to subject any children to the Mudblood stigma she suffered from.In her heart of hearts, she knew there was only one thing which would truly satisfy her… and she knew that it was utterly impossible. “Right,” the duke announced as the dessert course was borne away. “Time for bed, I believe. Percy, would you mind showing our guests to their chambers? The Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington Rooms would be ideal, I think.”“I’ll do it,” Ron said instantly.Unable to demur, Hermione resigned herself to an uncomfortable few minutes. Somewhat to her surprise, he said nothing as he led them down twisting, poorly lit corridors to a pair of doors positioned next to each other.“This is it,” he said flatly.“In that case, Weasel, we have no further need of you,” Draco drawled. “Goodnight.” Locking his fingers around Hermione’s wrist, he swept inside the first doorway.The room inside was more decorated than expected, with red-and-gold wall hangings and even a fire burning smoky in the grate. “Impressive,” Hermione said, watching it. “This must be the best room in the Burrow.”Draco snorted. “Oh, Merlin.” His gaze narrowed on another door, set into a wall. “I think… yes, that door leads into the room next door. How convenient of the old man. Do you think he knows you’re mine?”“He’d better not,” she said severely. “We don’t want him dropping a word in Lady Astoria’s ear. What if she calls off the wedding?”“She won’t,” he said, rolling his eyes. “Have you seen me, Granger?” He tried to drag her closer, but she dodged, laughing.“Stay here,” she admonished. “I need to go wash my mouth out before I let you anywhere near me – that mashed potato was absolutely filthy stuff.”“Yes, quite,” he said, a scowl descending on his features. “Hurry back, Granger. It’s going to take you a long while to make up for all the indignities you’ve subjected me to today.” He began stripping off his shirt, baring marble-pale and marble-hard muscles. When he turned his head to smirk at her, Hermione realised she was staring, and hurriedly slipped into the adjoining room.It was far less well-lit than Draco’s one. Clearly the servant’s room; good thing she’d be spending the night in his. Hermione stepped forward briskly, her fingers already going to her buttons, but stopped short at the sight of a long figure sprawled out on her bed.“Ron?” she said in mingled confusion and horror.

Chapter Sixteen: Light of My Life, Fire of My LoinsLord Ronald Weasley, who was rapidly shaping up to be the greatest thorn in Hermione’s side, leapt to his feet.“So it is you,” he said. “I wasn’t sure, at first. Or maybe I just didn’t want to have to acknowledge myself a fool. You see –” he paused for dramatic effect – “I remember you.”“I would hope so,” Hermione said drily. “We did last see each other only a month or so ago.”“Not that,” he snapped. “I mean I remember the first time I saw you! You were with that pug-faced cow Parkinson, and Zabini, and His Royal Ferretness. And then you came up to me the very next night, and like an idiot I convinced myself you weren’t the same person. But I see it now. That bastard put you up to it, didn’t he?”He was panting now, and Hermione discreetly scanned the room for a weapon. There was a poker by the fireplace – but no, she couldn’t use it. There was no way Gryffindor would maintain the alliance if she bashed in the brains of his youngest son. She instead adopted a soothing tone.“Ron,” she said gently, “truly, you have it all wrong. It’s true I’m in Draco’s employment, but I didn’t seek you out for that. I wanted you because you seemed… different.”Uncertainly clouded his blue eyes. “You’re lying,” he said, but his voice ticked upwards in question.Hermione abandoned the soothing tone. Being in position of pacifier was alien to her, and her generally abrasive nature struggled with it. She already had the advantage in this situation: Ron’s alcohol consumption on those nights meant that his recollection of them had to be dim, and there was an open vulnerability in his gaze. He wanted to be wrong about her.Unfortunately, he wasn’t wrong. Hermione felt a brief stab of pity. True, he was a pure-blooded duke’s child, but as the sixth of six sons it was unlikely he had ever received much in the way of time, attention, or financial resources. It had not escaped her attention that his robes were far too short for him – undoubtedly a hand-me-down from one of his shorter brothers. More, he was the best friend of the man being groomed to be Hogwarts’s king, which could hardly be beneficial to his self-esteem.“I’m not lying,” she said sternly. “Our… relationship had nothing to do with Lord Wiltshire.”His desperate desire to believe her was painted all over his face, and Ron drew in a deep breath before puffing it out in a slow exhale. “We were good together,” he said. “Weren’t we?” The last syllable slurred. Hermione wondered if he had, once again, been drinking.“Of course, Ron,” she lied.“Then…” He took a deep breath. “H-Hermione, would you do me the honour of becoming my wife?”For perhaps only the third time in her life, Hermione was immobilised by pure and utter shock.“What?” she gaped.“You said yourself, we were good together!” He took a step towards her. His long, lanky shadow loomed over her, and she backpedalled. “I need a wife, and there’s no reason why you shouldn’t be she.”“Maybe the fact that I’m an employee of your worst enemy?” she suggested. Oh Lord, Draco was still waiting for her, on the other side of that flimsy door. He simply couldn’t hear about this; she had no confidence that Ron would live out the night intact if he did.“This is absurd, Ron,” she said. “We can’t get married. For one thing, I’m a Mudblood, and you’re a pureblood!”He blinked at her. “So what?”“So –” her mouth snapped shut in disbelief. “You… don’t care?”“Should I?” he asked impatiently. “For Merlin’s sake, Hermione, this isn’t the Dark Ages anymore! My brother Percy is married to a – a non-pure-blooded woman too, and their children are fine!”Hermione swallowed. She had not realised, until she heard it, just how much she had come to take disdain for her Mudblood status as granted, ensconced among the Slytherins as she was. And yet here was Ron, the son of a duke himself, willing to take her to wife. She felt a moment of temptation stab her, knife-sharp, straight in the gut.Then she shook it off. She didn’t have time for this. She had a job to do.“Ron,” she said roughly, “Ron, I appreciate it, but – I can’t marry you. I just can’t. You’ll come to your senses some day, and then you’ll thank me.” She didn’t believe him anyway, so the whole thing was useless.She expected more drunken disagreement, but to her surprise he only looked at her, shook his head, and left without further comment.Hermione wearily settled onto her bed. She did not think she had ever been so tired in her life. Lady Astoria Greengrass arrived at the Burrow late the next morning. Hermione and Draco had been holed up with Gryffindor in his study since eight of the clock; although she had slipped into his bed after Ron’s departure last night and participated fiercely in their lovemaking, she was still distracted, and she suspected Draco knew it. He was shooting her piercing looks whenever he thought she wasn’t looking and there was a cold light in his grey eyes.“We’ve a fair number of battle-trained Healers,” Gryffindor was saying. “Two hundred, so added to your Healers, that should allow for one Healer per decampment…”A knock on the door made them all look up. “Come in!” he called out.The door opened, and Lord Frederick Weasley’s flaming head inserted itself into the gap. “His Magnificence’s new bride is here,” he said cheerfully. Was it Hermione’s imagination, or did his gaze flicker lightning-quick to her, as though to gauge her reaction? She kept her features impassive, wondering if the paranoia was finally getting to her.“Ah yes, of course!” Gryffindor said brightly. “Such happy tidings, my lord!”“Yes,” Draco gritted out from behind clenched teeth. “The happiest.” His gaze burned holes into the side of her cheek.Feeling strangely as though she might throw up at any moment, Hermione trailed silently behind him and the duke as they made their way to the entrance of the Burrow. It was apparent even from corridors away that an important personage had arrived: a loud bustling and clattering could be heard, over which rose a voice icy and imperious enough to rival Narcissa herself.Hermione paused at the entrance chamber to take in her choice of bride.The Lady Astoria Greengrass rivalled Narcissa in looks as well, with porcelain-fair skin and a fall of sleek white-blonde hair. With a spurt of hysterical amusement, Hermione realised she had accidentally chosen a woman who could have passed as Draco’s twin; though they were no more than third cousins, a negligible amount in a world where every pure-blood was related to each other, there was an uncanny resemblance about the nose and chin which suggested that Malfoy genes ran strong in the Greengrass family.She was directing orders to a host of house-servants in emerald livery when they came across her. In mounting astonishment, Hermione watched as they piled up an immense collection of trunks and hatboxes, with ever more being carried in from the carriage outside. She wore long black robes, stark against her white skin, which rustled against the ground as she paced in an agitated circle.“Careful with that!” she barked as one house-servant staggered under the weight of a metal box. “That one holds the goblets of fire!”“Merlin,” Draco muttered into Hermione’s ear. “Well, best to get it over with.” He shook himself, as though shaking off her touch, and sauntered over to his betrothed. “Lady Astoria! I’m pleased you could join us.”The moment he started speaking, all activity ceased. Astoria turned to face him. It was their first face-to-face meeting as an affianced couple, and Hermione felt a little voyeuristic; although Draco’s expression was carefully blank, Astoria’s was frankly pleased.“My lord!” she said with a deep curtsey. “It’s so wonderful to see you again.”“Wonderful,” he agreed. “How was the trip?”She waved an airy hand. “Comme ci, comme ca, as the people of Beauxbatons Kingdom say.”The conversation trailed into silence, and Hermione had to bite back a snort of laughter at the awkwardness of them being witnessed by all the inhabitants of the entrance chamber. Taking pity on the couple, she moved soundlessly to Draco’s side.“Lady Astoria, I’m pleased you had a pleasant trip,” she said. “I’m Hermione Granger, his lordship’s second. Shall I show you to your room?”The other woman’s eyes ran over her. Hermione remained still, knowing that whatever conclusions she had arrived at as to her place in Draco’s life were perfectly correct. She still had the imprint of his fingerprints around her wrists from where he had held her down this morning as he thrust into her, and not three hours ago she had had his cum dripping down her thighs; standing before the woman he would marry, she found that she did not feel guilty so much as defiant.Yes, Astoria might be the one wearing his ring, but Hermione was never going to stop being the one in his bed.“Very well,” Astoria said at last curtly. “You may do so. Kreacher, attend me.”A short house-servant with heavyset features bowed his way to her side. Ignoring Draco totally, Hermione turned and led her to the rooms the Weasleys had prepared for her. She was still confident she had made the right choice of bride: the Earl of Dungeon was a powerful lord who would be a great ally in the upcoming battle. But it was still going to be a long Engagement Trip. “Do you think I’m a fool, Mudblood?”The silky, threatening words came at her from out of the darkness. Hermione stiffened and slowly moved around, her heart abruptly pounding.“No,” she said steadily.A candle flickered on. By its uncertain light, she saw Draco propped up in his bed, the shadows writhing over his bare chest. His eyes glittered like a demon’s. Hermione felt her stomach swoop sickeningly, and could not tell whether it was with fear or lust.Night had fallen some hours ago. They had passed an indifferent day, during which Hermione had avoided Draco as much as possible and Astoria had done the opposite. The latter two had gone to bed, but Hermione had resisted, wandering alone through the Burrow’s small library; before turning in, she had been unable to restrain herself from peeking in at Draco, expecting him to be asleep.He was not. If anything, he had been waiting for her.“You,” he said with slow deliberation, “have been avoiding me all day.”“I have not,” she lied.He ignored it. “And it started from the moment you returned to my bed last night,” he said, stroking his chin with the long, slender figures that had been inside her so many times. It seemed somehow obscene to see them so close to the cruel thinness of his mouth.“You’re imagining it,” she tried again.“Which,” he said, ignoring her again, “was preceded by a spell wherein I made the mistake of letting you out of my sight. So tell me, my little Mudblood, what happened in your room last night?”“Nothing!” Hermione denied. Her voice shook slightly, with the same mysterious emotion making her nipples bead under her corset.He threw the blanket off. Under it, he was naked, his erection flushed an angry red and jutting forth proudly. Hermione found herself unable to tear her eyes away from it as he rose slowly to his feet.Her mouth dried. She licked her lips.“I really do suggest you tell me now, you know. Because I’m not averse to fucking it out of you,” he said conversationally.She wondered, hysterically, if that was supposed to be a deterrent, and unconsciously took another step back.It was time to try another approach. “Really, Malfoy, your paranoia is showing,” she said, with a laugh as loud as it was fake. “Just because I’m not hanging on your every word anymore –”“If only you ever did so,” he murmured. His gaze was fastened to her lips. Sweat was running down her back in rivulets: she resisted the strong impulse to rip her robes off.“As it so happens,” he continued smoothly, “I don’t really need you to tell me what happened. I’m no spymaster, but even I have something of a brain in my head.”“Oh yes? What do you think happened?” she challenged weakly.            “I think,” he said, “that the little Weasel smuggled himself into your room last night, and said something to fuck with your head. Since it’s preventing me from fucking you, it appears I’ll have to take… corrective measures.”“Don’t be silly,” she said with a passable attempt at mockery. “Yes, Ron was in my room last night, but –”Instantly, she realised that she had made a mistake. Draco’s eyes sharpened, and the expression on his face was nothing short of brutal.“Thank you, my love,” he said. “What did he say, precisely?”She gathered her righteous indignation around her. “There’s no need to take that tone with me, Malfoy. I sent him packing, of course!”“What. Did. He. Say?” Draco repeated.She sighed, defeated. “He asked me to marry him.”

If Hermione had thought Draco would leap instantly into action, she was disappointed. He was extraordinarily still, so much so that with his marble skin he resembled nothing so much as a statue; even his chest did not move.“The Weasel asked you to marry him,” he repeated at last.Hermione sighed. “Yes. Obviously, I said no.”“But you wanted to say yes,” Draco cut in. His voice was colder and harder than she had ever heard it, but his eyes burned feverishly.“Of course not,” she said, but a beat too slow. She had never been good at lying to him anyway.With a curse, he whirled around, and he was almost at the door before she realised his intent.“Draco, no!” she shrieked. “Draco!” She threw herself forward, wrapping her arms around his torso, feeling the warmth of his flesh beneath her touch. Definitely no statue. He shrugged his powerful shoulders, trying to shake her off, but she held grimly on.“I refuse to be responsible for the breakup of the alliance,” she hissed into his ear.He turned his head to stare her down. “Who said anything about the breakup of the alliance?”“Obviously, the alliance will be broken if you kill the duke’s son!” She dug her nails viciously into his chest. A shudder ran through him, but she did not think it was of pain.It seemed she wasn’t the only one oddly turned on by the explosive violence that hung in the air like perfume.“You seem to have forgotten who you’re speaking to, Mudblood,” he said snidely. “I’m Draco Malfoy. I can kill whoever I fucking want, and you can’t fucking stop me.”She had to keep talking. It was the only way to keep him in the room.“Don’t be a hypocrite,” she said furiously. Her chest was still pressed against his back. “Don’t you dare get all – all irritated because of a measly marriage proposal, which I rejected, when you’re here actually getting married to someone else!” She ended on a scream and was shocked at herself: until the words had fallen out, she had not totally known they were there, locked behind her tongue and teeth.“Jealous, Mudblood?” he taunted.“You wish,” she snarled back.Twisting his body, he broke her hold on him and turned her so that she was at his front instead. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around his waist and arms around his neck. He walked them over to the bed and threw her down. She bounced like a particularly undignified ball.She tried to scramble up the bed away from him, but he slid on top of her body, using a leg to part her thighs effortlessly. One large hand collared her wrists and stretched her arms above her head. The move thrust her breasts out; she panted, seeing his gaze zero in on them, and grew even wetter.He knew it, if the devilish light in his eyes was anything to go by. With his free hand, he ripped her robes open, exposing her front. Her breasts were hidden beneath her corset but her drawers were easy enough to slip down to her knees, trapping the movement of her legs. Hermione began struggling.“Get off me!”She had never wanted anything less in her life.He acted as though she had not spoken. Expression bland, he thrust a finger inside her without preliminary. The channel which should have been desert-dry was dripping slickness; Hermione could not contain a low moan at the sensation, even knowing that the shameful truth had been revealed to him.“How interesting,” he mused. “It seems my own personal Mudblood is a little less angry with me than she wants to be.”She had known him to spend hours licking her out before finally, slowly, feeding her his cock, but this time was different. For one, he was already naked. She had been steadfastly trying to ignore it, but she let out a shriek when he abruptly pushed inside her to the hilt, a rough shove which made her feel every inch and filled her to uncomfortable fullness. He spent no time luxuriating in being inside her. Instantly, he pulled out, only to pin her down with another punishing thrust.Hermione’s conception of the world vanished. She knew nothing but Draco – his gleaming grey eyes, the press of his fingers, the sweat-slicked blond hair which clung to his forehead, the steady jerk of his hips between her legs. She was not even aware that she had been screaming until her insides were swamped by a rush of warmth and he collapsed on top of her, panting heavily; it was then she realised her throat was scraped raw.She had not come, of course. He had not wanted her to.“Hypocrite,” she gritted out again.He rolled off her. “No, my love. You see, my marriage to Astoria means nothing to me. Marriage to the Weasel would have meant everything to you. Who’s the hypocrite now?”Being confronted with the truth had never put Hermione in a good mood. Furious again, she snatched the sheet up to cover her nudity. “Well, who can blame me?” she snapped. “At least Ron was offering marriage! With you, I’ll always be your whore!”“You aren’t my whore, you’re my mistress,” he said in exasperation. “There’s a difference. It’s not like I offered Druella Burke unlimited access to my body and money, like you have –”She let out a squeal of pure rage. “Get out! Get out now! How dare you mention your other whores’ names in front of me!”“Fine I will!” he yelled back. “Even though it’s my room, Mudblood!”“Stop calling me Mudblood!” she roared.He had already pulled open the connecting door to her room and slammed it shut behind him, but his response floated back to her through the wood. “I will when you stop calling the goddamned Weasel Ron!” Naked, alone, and ragged, Hermione burst into tears. Stomping around the horrifically cramped room the Weasleys had given Hermione, Draco initially simmered with so much rage he did not even realise he was still nude. However, it was eventually dawned on him that his semi-erect cock, coated with a mixture of their juices, was bouncing along unconstrained by his robes; he let out a bark of laughter.It was not that he cared if anyone saw him. Modesty and shame had never been part of a Slytherin’s lexicon, and he did not intend to introduce it now. But the memory of how Hermione – his mistress, whose body was supposed to be permanently available to him for his own private viewing pleasure – had covered herself up from him rankled, and he dragged the sheet from her bed to wrap around himself.The situation was intolerable. On the one hand, he had to deal with Astoria, who was far too intelligent for her own good and potentially the sort of woman who would object to her husband’s attentions straying. He didn’t see why she should, since of course she would be free to do the same once his heir was safely born, but there you had it. Some women were like that.And on the other hand, he had the Weasel, whose pathetic hankering after Hermione was painful to even watch. In fact, Draco thought, he should go put the Weasel out of his misery right now. He’d be doing a public service.No, he couldn’t… Hermione wouldn’t like it. Draco wondered when he had become the sort of man whose actions were ruled by whether or not the body warming his bed would like it. The worst part was, he had no intention of finding out.There was only one thing to do. It was the perfect course of action: it would kill two birds with one stone, ridding him simultaneously of Astoria and the Weasel, plus it would bind Hermione to him permanently. A slow smile curled his lips up as he contemplated it. Yes, that was what he needed to do. He needed to move quickly, however – there was no doubt the Weasel was attempting to sink his hooks into her.It was a big step – of course it was a big step. His parents would probably try to argue him out of it, but they had never yet been able to deny him anything he wanted. He doubted they would start now. Certainly, it would complicate his life, but the past month of having Hermione had taught him that he could withstand it – as long as she was actually in his life.Besides, he was a Malfoy. A Malfoy always landed on his feet.Draco secured the sheet more firmly around himself and padded outside. To his utter lack of surprise, the fact that the Burrow was bereft of house-servants meant that he encountered nobody as he slipped through the corridors and made his way to the garden door. Irritatingly, everything was pitch black (naturally the Weasels were too poor to keep candles burning all night, like they could in the Manor) and he stubbed his toe, an unfortunate consequence of having left his boots in his room. Draco shuddered at the thought of the dirt that was no doubt sticking to his pristine soles but powered on.Now, if that wasn’t love, what was?Finally he emerged into the back courtyard of the Burrow, where the Thestrals they had brought on their journey were stabled. One skeletal equine figure nickered as he approached. Draco rubbed its bony nose.“There you are, Viper,” he crooned. “Up for a trip?”In response, the beast spread its clawed wings. Draco grinned and boosted himself up. Thestral-riding in a sheet was extremely uncomfortable, but he comforted himself with the reflection that the lack of baggage meant he ought to be home by the end of the night. After all, it was barely midnight.Viper trotted out of the stables and, with a beat of its wings, they were airborne. He was lucky that the night was relatively mild. It meant that he could release his grip on the sheet in favour of holding onto Viper’s scraggly mane, trying to avoid being buffeted by the backrush of air every time the Thestral moved.Time passed. The extremities of his limbs soon became numb from lack of movement, and Draco began to feel frozen through; it was a moonless night, and he had nothing to guide him except the steady stroke of Viper’s movements. At one point, he passed into a fever dream in which it felt as though the world was rushing past him while he alone was still. It was with relief that he greeted the first pale fingers of dawn touching the eastern sky, and even greater relief that he saw the spires of Malfoy Manor come into view.Viper spiralled lazily down to alight on the cobbles of the courtyard. His parents were still in bed, of course, doing Merlin knew what to each other, but the house-servants all rose with the sun. Draco picked his way to the front door stiffly and rapped sharply.It swung open instantly. Sir Dobby gaped at him from behind it, his jaw dropping further the longer he took in Draco’s unconventional garb.“My – my lord?” he said faintly. “Is that you?”“Of course it’s me, you idiot,” Draco snarled. “Let me in!”Dobby swallowed and stepped aside. “Of course, my lord. What’s wrong? Have you lost your belongings? Were you set upon by Snatchers?” His voice sharpened with concern. “What of Miss Granger?”“Miss Granger is perfectly fine,” Draco said curtly. “Go wake my parents, Dobby, and tell them I need to speak to them urgently, while I go get dressed.”“Wake your parents?” Dobby repeated. “My lord, you know they don’t rise until ten of the clock, and it’s barely five!”“This is an emergency,” he tossed over his shoulder as he strode to his room.He was chilled and exhausted, but the thought of the upcoming confrontation with his parents instilled new life in him. Draco pulled on the first pair of robes he found and jerked a brush through his hair. He noted distastefully that shadows had appeared under his eyes, marring his good looks. Really, what was that woman doing to him?But there was no help for it: he had to have her. He was at his parents’ bedroom door within the next ten minutes, and found Dobby hovering outside wringing his hands.“Your mother threw a vase at me when I entered, my lord,” he said. “And I can’t even blame her, when it’s so early!”“Leave it to me then, you useless lout,” he said impatiently. His knuckles rapped out an ear-piercing tattoo on the door. “Mother, Father, wake up! It’s me, and I need to speak to you?”“Draco?” His father’s voice, sleepy but irascible, penetrated from behind the door. “What on earth is the matter? Are we at war?”“No, but it’s urgent,” he called back. “You have ten seconds, Father, then you’d better be decent because I’m coming in!”He was bluffing, of course. None of them wanted a repeat of the Feather Incident. Nevertheless, he heard Lucius heave a heavy sigh, which he knew to be permission. Draco dismissed Dobby with a flick of his wrist and entered.The curtains were still pulled, drowning the room in a darkness only faintly leaved by the rays of sunlight struggling valiantly to pierce the thick brocade. Draco took a deep breath and faced his parents.Lucius and Narcissa were both sitting up in bed. To his immense gratefulness, his mother had the sheets pulled up to her emerald collar, so that all that was visible of her body were her milky shoulders. Lucius likewise had all the important parts covered. They blinked sleepily at him as he began to pace restlessly in a circle.“Do stop moving, Draco,” Narcissa said drowsily. “What on earth is the matter? Have you been hurt? Why the hurry? Did the Weasleys attempt something against you? Because if so, your father and I have been planning - ”Draco ignored her and launched into his prepared speech. It was now or never.“Mother, Father, I can’t marry Lady Astoria. She’s not bad, but she’ll never be –”“Hermione,” Lucius finished, unsurprised. “You already knew that, my son. What’s the issue? I thought we were agreed Hermione would remain as your mistress.”“I’m concerned that Astoria will try to oust Hermione from my side once we’re married,” he began.“Not possible,” Narcissa said instantly. The sleepiness had fled from her face, and she was leaning forward in concentration. “That was the first thing your father and I had written into the marriage settlements with Lord Dungeon. We knew you’d want her position to be inviolable.”A warm glow of love for his parents enveloped him. “Thank you, Mother. I appreciate it. But you see… it just isn’t enough anymore.” He swallowed. “The Weasel asked Hermione to marry him, and she said no, but I could see how much she wanted it. If she wants a respectable family, then I’ll be the one to give it to her. I want to be the one to marry her.”“She’s a Mudblood,” Lucius said quietly. “Not many in Slytherin would like it.”“I’m the heir to the dukedom of Slytherin, and one day I’ll be their king,” he shot back. “If they don’t like it, well, it’s a short walk to the gallows.”Narcissa nodded approvingly. “Well said, Draco. But are you sure about this? Is this what you truly want? Would it make you happy?”He looked into her eyes. He had never been able to lie to her.“Yes, Mother,” he said. “It is. I don’t care if she’s a Mudblood; I’m pureblood enough for the both of us. But you should know, in the interests of giving me your blessing, that either way Hermione will be the mother of your grandchildren. If you don’t permit our marriage, those grandchildren will be Mudbloods too.”Lucius threw back the covers and stood. Draco hastily averted his eyes.“In that case,” the duke said, “we had better go and break your engagement to Astoria as quickly as possible, and inform Miss Granger of her new title.”

 It did not take Hermione long to start thinking she had made a terrible mistake.She had sobbed herself out for a few minutes, but she had always disliked crying anyway, and it soon started to dawn on her that perhaps she had been a little – just a little bit – hasty. And just a smidgeon irrational.She knew Druella Burke was utterly inconsequential to their lives. Why had the name set her off so much? She didn’t even know the girl! And she knew Draco had no more interest in her: before Hermione had come along, no woman had spent longer than a sennight in his bed, and she knew it. The Burke girl was history.Had Hermione made herself history too?She was beginning to think that she had been incredibly stupid. After all, what had Draco done wrong? She’d known going into this relationship that she could never be more than his mistress; he had never lied to her. Only she had lied to herself.There was only one choice to be made, really. Could she, or couldn’t she, live without Draco? The answer was obvious. She would take him any way she could get him. She might have to share his endearing arrogance with Astoria, his snarky humour, even the way he gripped her hips when he came, but that was immaterial.As long as she had a little bit of Draco, it would be alright.Now that her mind was made up Hermione’s skin felt tight with the need to hurry. Abandoning her sheet – Draco would be more receptive to her apology if she were naked – she hurried to her door and threw it open. No point knocking and giving him a chance to refuse her.“Draco?” she called. “I need to speak to you.”There was no response. With increasing disbelief, her gaze scanned the empty room. It hadn’t been that long! Where had he gone?With a sickening lurch of her stomach, she thought of Astoria’s room, separated from theirs only by a few corridors. But no. She resolutely pushed the thought away. Draco wouldn’t have done that to her. He might be angry, and he had a right to be, but he wouldn’t have done that.She waited up fruitlessly for several hours before calling it a night. Sleep eluded her in her own bed – which, oddly, was missing its sheet – and she eventually migrated to Draco’s, which smelled comfortingly of his expensive cologne. There she eventually found a measure of rest.Hermione was up bright and early the next morning, and made the horrifying discovery that Draco still had not returned. Real worry for him was beginning to swamp her. What if he had been abducted? Murdered? Of course, it was unlikely that Snatchers would dare invade the sanctum of a duke’s residence, but what if Draco had gone for a walk and then been set upon? For Merlin’s sake, he hadn’t even had any clothes with him!She went down to breakfast as soon as possible. To her surprise, Astoria had risen too, and was sitting alone at a table with a bowl of porridge before her. Hermione cautiously sat opposite her with a plate of scrambled eggs.“Good morning, Lady Astoria,” she said.“It’s a terrible morning,” Astoria said. Her voice was a perfectly modulated drawl. “Do you see the state of these oats? Absolutely wilted! Has his lordship risen from bed yet?”“I don’t believe so. He generally awakens quite late,” Hermione said, mind working rapidly. Her relief that Astoria had not been with Draco last night was being combined with terror. If even she hadn’t seen him, where was he? And how would she explain away his disappearance?She ate in silence and made her excuses quickly before bowing from the room. If Astoria knew she was Draco’s mistress, she gave no sign of it: her manner was as politely reserved as it was with everyone else, and Hermione began to have more hope in her plan. They could surely coexist. Neither of them would enjoy it, but they’d do it – for Draco’s sake. He needed Hermione as his spymistress to be King, and he needed a pureblood wife to be King, and they both loved him enough to give it to him.After breakfast Hermione went to search her room again in case there were any hints. Bar the missing sheet, there were still none. But he surely hadn’t gone out willingly in nothing but a sheet! What was she going to tell his parents?She stifled the panic. She’d tell the Weasleys he was ill today, and recuperating in bed. But if he didn’t return by nightfall she would have no choice but to tell them. A search would have to be launched.As usual, she met with the duke in his study for the day’s discussions. Gryffindor’s eyebrows rose when he saw her enter alone.“Is Lord Wiltshire in health?” he enquired.“I’m afraid he has a touch of the headache,” she said calmly. “Nothing to be concerned about, but I advised him to spend the day in bed.”“Very sensible,” he said, and nothing more was said about it. Astoria cornered her at lunch.“Miss Granger,” she said. “Surely his lordship is awake by now?”Hermione swallowed, meeting her pale jade-green eyes without flinching. “He is awake,” she said. “But I’m afraid he’s ill today, and does not desire visitors.”“He will make an exception for his bride, surely,” Astoria pointed out.“Not this time, Lady Astoria. He wouldn’t want you to see him in such a weakened state,” she said glibly.The other woman’s eyes softened. “Men are so proud, aren’t they? Very well. But I must see him tomorrow.” She swept away, Kreacher hurrying along at her feet.Hermione passed a difficult day fending off inquiries about Draco while also avoiding Ron – not an easy feat in a dwelling the size of the Burrow. She spent the whole afternoon closeted with Gryffindor and retired as early as possible, at eight of the clock. Her panic had reached immense proportions. He still wasn’t back, and this was a disaster both professionally and personally.The Malfoys were going to murder her. Or worse, they’d give her to Princess Bellatrix to play with.She decided she would wait until ten of the clock, and if Draco still had not returned by then she’d simply take a Thestral and fly all the way to Malfoy Manor. Hermione hated Thestrals – in fact, she hated being in the air – but it would take too long in the carriage. At least this way she’d be back at the Manor by sunrise.She circled the room like a caged lion. There was a bookshelf next to Draco’s bed, but its only contents were two manuals on herbology. Hermione read them mechanically and cast them aside.It was at nine of the clock when the door behind her swung open. She twisted instantly, expecting Ron, eager for a target on which to expend her pent-up anxiety. But to her unutterable relief, it was Draco.“Merlin!” she shrieked, running over to him and barrelling into his chest.He caught her, laughing, and swung her around in an arc. “Not Merlin,” he murmured into the top of her head. “Just me.”She buried her face into his chest. Distantly, she noted that he was dressed in a pair of blue robes she was certain Dobby hadn’t packed, and frowned. But that could wait. There was a more pressing matter to deal with.“I’m sorry,” she said, her voice muffled by his chest. “I’m so sorry. It was stupid of me to react the way I did, and I regretted it but then I couldn’t find you, and –”He shut her up with a long, hard kiss. Hermione’s eyelids fluttered shut at the feel of his tongue tracing her lips. It was a long time before she could think clearly again.“Draco, where on earth have you been?”He flipped her into a bridal-style carry and sauntered to the bed, where he sat down with her in his lap. She wound her limbs around his body.“I went home,” he said. “There was something I needed to tell my parents.”She frowned. “How? What? Draco, I’ve been going insane here, telling people you were ill so they wouldn’t suspect anything! What could possibly have been so important that it couldn’t wait for you to send it by owl?”His lips quirked. “My dear, if I’d asked my mother for permission to get married by owl, I’d be six feet under right now.”“Permission to get married?” she repeated. “You don’t need permission. You’re already engaged to Astoria! And I’m totally fine with that – that’s what I was trying to tell you before. I understand you have duties and responsibilities, so –”He sighed dramatically. “Do you ever shut up, Granger? Do I have to kiss you again?”“Yes,” she said immediately. He nipped her bottom lip in punishment and pulled back.“Not Astoria, fool. I want to marry you.”Hermione stared at him. “What?”“I said, I want to marry you,” he enunciated slowly. “Merlin, you really do need me, don’t you? Deprived of my presence for one day and your intelligence is gone already…”She rolled her eyes. “It isn’t fun to tease, Malfoy.”His hands tightened around her waist when she tried to wriggle away. “I’m being perfectly serious, Granger. I love you, and I’m marrying you. My parents have given us their blessing. And I have this for you.” He felt around in the pocket of his robes, and before Hermione’s astonished gaze he produced a box with a diamond-and-emerald ring nestled into the velvet. “The engagement ring Grandfather Abraxas gave my grandmother,” he added proudly. Without asking, he slid it onto her finger.Hermione gulped, and to both her own horror and Draco’s she burst into tears.“Granger!” he gasped. “What’s wrong? I thought you’d be happy!”“I am happy, you idiot!” she snapped. “It’s just… a really big step. How can you possibly be alright with that? No Slytherin lord will be accepting of it, and we need them to help us win the war!”He shrugged indifferently. “They can take it, or I can take their heads. Their choice.”Hermione tried again. “What about Astoria?”“What about Astoria?” He parroted back. “We’ll pay her off with a nice bride-piece so she doesn’t make a fuss. And come to think of it, I have a friend who’d be perfect for her. Theo’s always said he wanted to get married some day!”But Hermione was shaking her head. “Draco,” she said, pressing her fingers against his lips to quiet him. He sucked one into his mouth, tongue swirling around her skin. She pulled it free with a warning look and continued speaking.“We’ve come too far to let ourselves be side-tracked now,” she said. “No, listen to me. You know I love you too. I have an idea. You can’t deny we need Astoria, can you? There’s a reason we chose her for you. Her father is incredibly powerful, incredibly wealthy, and he’s a border lord – he controls part of Slytherin’s boundary line. If we anger him enough he could simply just allow our enemies into the county without a fight. That would be ruinous.”“He wouldn’t dare,” Draco argued.Hermione shook her head. “He’ll be the father of a scorned and heartbroken daughter, Draco. She loves you, and he loves her. Your father loves you too – what would Lucius do if someone hurt you?”“He’d destroy them,” he muttered.She caressed the smooth skin of his jaw. “Yes. You see? We can’t get rid of Astoria just yet. Instead, why don’t we at least wait until the war is over? Then we won’t be reliant on Lord Dungeon’s money and men anymore, and we can weather his rage.”“Wait until the war is over?” he repeated in disbelief. “It hasn’t even begun yet! That could take years!” He detangled himself from her and stood up, striding agitatedly around the room. “I refuse to wait that long. I want you, and I want you now. The Weasel isn’t getting his hands on you, and nor is anyone else.”“Until the war is over,” she said stubbornly. “Then I’ll let you break the engagement with Astoria and marry you.”He cursed viciously. “If only there were a way to speed up the war somehow…”Hermione hesitated. There was a plan which had been lying, dormant and half-formed, at the back of her mind for some time now. It was an audacious plan. A devious plan. There was no chance it would even work.But audacity and deviousness were Slytherin’s middle names.“Draco,” she said quietly. “What if we bypass the entire war, and just assassinate Dumbledore and Potter right now instead?”He glanced at her. “That wouldn’t work, Granger. You know we already plan to assassinate them after the war is won.” He let out a sudden snort of laughter. “Can you believe Gryffindor believed us when we said we’d just let Potter get on with being king? How thick can you get? But there’s a reason the plan involved waiting until after the war is finished. Right now, Dumbledore and Potter are too strong and well-protected. Nobody can get close enough to kill them. They’d see off an assassination easily – Potter’s already survived a couple of attempts from random Voldemort followers. They’ll only be vulnerable enough for that after a war, when they’re exhausted, triumphant, and their guard is down.”Hermione twisted the blanket on the bed in between her fingers. “If the problem is getting someone close to them, I can think of a solution,” she said.He raised an eyebrow. “Do tell.”Her gaze fell on the smooth brownness of her wrists. “Lady Ginevra,” she said, slowly and distinctly, “has reason to wish Potter dead.”He faced her with an arrested expression on his face. Draco knew of the incident in the garden, of course; Hermione had reported it to the Malfoys under her remit as spymistress. His eyes narrowed thoughtfully.“Are you sure about this?” he asked.She thought back to Ginny’s crumpled body, tearstained face, bracelet of bruises. “I’m sure,” she said definitively. “If we were to give Ginny an untraceable, nonviolent weapon – a nice poison, perhaps – I think she could easily do away with Potter. And then old man Dumbledore would have no heir.”“It’s… an unconventional approach,” he said. “But it could work.”She met his eyes. “You’re the boss,” she said. “It’s up to you. You have the final say, of course.”He tipped his head to the side and thought about it for a long moment; she held her breath while he considered it. She was not totally sure what she wanted him to say.They could trust Ginny, couldn’t they? It would take a spectacular actress do what she had done. And Hermione certainly hadn’t imagined the purple shadowing she had seen. But her innate hatred for taking unplanned-for risks began to make her head pound, and she was grateful the final decision was not in her hands.“Alright,” Draco said at last. “Let’s go see the She-Weasel and get her to kill her fiancé. But first…” He took out the ring she had given back to him, and looked around the room. Finally his eyes alighted on what he had been searching for. The curtains were tied back from the window with a narrow silver chain: he yanked it free and threaded the ring on, then came closer to Hermione. She held her hair out of the way for him as he tied it around her neck.To her amusement it fit tight choker-tight. It seemed Malfoy men were fond of collaring their women; she thought back to the close-fitting necklace Draco had given her the night of his bride-hunt ball, and the heavy emerald one Narcissa always wore. Her hand rose to clutch the ring tightly, the feel of the gems giving her an odd strength.“Now you’re half mine,” he said in satisfaction. “And as soon as Potter and Dumbledore are dead, you’ll be all mine.” He brushed his hands off. “Well, what are we waiting for?”

Hermione searched through the false bottom at the base of her trunk before emerging, triumphantly brandishing a tiny stoppered bottle along with a roll of parchment.“Here it is,” she said. “The blueprints for the Burrow!”They unfurled it and squinted at the inked drawing by the dim light of the candles. It was difficult; the Burrow on paper was a thin, spidery web of turns and corridors, almost impossible to decipher. Draco stabbed his finger down on one spot.“Here,” he said decisively. “There’s the Sir Nicholas de Whatever Rooms, which is where we are. Now find the She-Weasel.”It transpired that while the male Weasleys were all clustered together, their rooms side-by-side down a single corridor, their only sister had greater privilege: Ginny had been given a room alone in the Burrow’s only turret. Hermione hoped the map was still accurate in that respect. It was painfully out of date – Gryffindor’s heir, William, Lord Godric, was still noted as having a room next to his brothers, even though she knew he had moved into a larger suite after his marriage to a Beauxbatons noblewoman. She made a mental note to get it updated and rolled the parchment up again.“Right, let’s go,” she said briskly.They walked hand-in-hand to Ginny’s room, confident they would not be seen. Hermione’s breath caught once as a flash of red disappeared around a corner, but it seemed to have been a false alarm: nobody appeared to demand their purpose. They reached the spiral of stairs leading up the turret without incident.“Ladies first,” Draco said, smirking.Stifling a sigh, Hermione began climbing. The turret was narrow, with barely enough space for them to go up single file; candles burning in wall brackets were few and far between, and her thighs soon began to burn unpleasantly. It was no wonder Ginny was so thin, she thought resentfully.She was breathing heavily by the time they reached the top of the stairs, which ended in a flat platform with a single door. Draco knocked sharply. The sound echoed down the entire turret, making her cringe at its loudness.“Who is it?” Ginny called.“It’s Hermione Granger,” she said. “And… Lord Wiltshire.”There was a pause, in which she felt Ginny debating whether or not to open the door. Finally it creaked open.Despite the hour, it was evident Ginny had not yet gone to bed. She was still in day robes: her flaming hair was twisted into a loose knot, and she held a quill between ink-stained fingers.“Just writing in my diary,” she explained when she saw Hermione’s gaze dart towards it. “What did you want?” Her eyes slid to Draco and hardened. An unsurprising reaction, really, considering he called her a She-Weasel.“May we come in?” Hermione asked.There was another pause, but Ginny appeared to realise that refusal was not an option, since she stepped back and gestured expansively. “Welcome to my humble abode,” she said mockingly.It was certainly humble, even compared to Hermione’s room at the Manor, but it did have one thing: a spectacular view. The moon was out tonight, and Hermione stared awestruck at the sweeping view Ginny had of the rolling countryside around the Burrow. The next moment it vanished as Ginny jerked the curtains shut.“What is it?” she said. “I’m afraid I’m rather tired.” She sat down on her bed without offering Hermione a seat.It was an unprepossessing beginning, but they had no choice but to try. Hermione remained standing as she began to speak.“Do you remember our first meeting?” she asked.“How could I forget?” Ginny’s voice was bitter.“I promised I would help you,” she said. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Draco wandering around the room, his lips curled into a sneer. She fervently hoped Ginny had not noticed and hurriedly continued. “Draco and I have come up with a plan which would benefit you immensely, but we have to know if you’d be interested.”Ginny went preternaturally still. “Let me get this straight,” she said. “Are you offering me a way out of the marriage?”“More,” Hermione said, watching her carefully. “A way to, shall we say, ensure that your prospective husband will not be able to hurt you again.”Ginny’s face split into a wide smile, and for the first time her beauty shone out. “Perfect. What is it?”“It would require a certain level of fortitude on your part,” Hermione warned.Ginny waved her hand impatiently. “I can do that. Just tell me what it is!”“A poison in Lord Potter’s daily pumpkin juice,” Hermione said succinctly.She could detect no false note in the beaming smile the other girl shot her. “Right up my street,” Ginny said. She held out her hand expectantly and wriggled her fingers. “Well, where is it?”Moving slowly, almost reluctantly, Hermione withdrew the tiny stoppered bottle she had taken from her trunk. In the dim light its contents glittered a virulent green, much the same colour as Potter’s eyes.“There we go,” Ginny murmured. She seemed transfixed, her tongue flickering out to wet her dry lips as she tracked the passage of the bottle up from Hermione’s pocket. Draco was equally entranced: his face was carved in lines of barely suppressed triumph.At the last moment, Hermione stopped, her fingers still curved around the bottle. “It’s a big step, murder,” she said. “Especially the murder of someone you know well. Not everyone has the stomach for it.”Ginny threw her head back and laughed long and loud, the pale column of her throat gleaming. “Oh, Hermione,” she said. “Leave it to me. I promise you… this is the least of what I can do.” They came for her at breakfast.Draco had gone down before her; he did not usually leave her alone, but Hermione had insisted on snatching a few more minutes’ sleep before their daily meeting with the duke. She had slept unusually badly last night. Her eyelids felt sticky and heavy, and a curious lethargy seemed to be slipping up her limbs. When the knock came at the door she did not even use the peephole before throwing it open.“I hope you brought me some toast, Draco,” she muttered, already turning back to bed.“I’m afraid I’m not Lord Wiltshire,” an unfamiliar male voice said calmly.Hermione froze and whipped around, abruptly wide-awake. Lord Perseus Weasley was standing in the doorway, flanked on either side by Lords Charles, George, and Frederick, their expressions uniformly blank. A sinking feeling emerged in her stomach as she slowly began to back up.“What is the meaning of this?” she asked, striving to maintain an even tone.“Hermione Granger, you stand accused of treason, treachery, espionage, and attempted murder,” Perseus recited. “You will be held in the dungeons for a maximum of two weeks before standing trial in the Court of Godric Gryffindor, presided over by His Grace the Duke of Gryffindor, Arthur III of the House of Weasley. I suggest you – what is the phrase? – come quietly,” he added. His voice was as cool as any Slytherin’s. “As you can see, you are outnumbered.”He was right. Hermione held out her hands in silence for Charles to loop a heavy chain around them, her mind working frantically. Ginny had betrayed them: that much was obvious. Whether or not Potter had hurt her was immaterial now. She needed to extract herself from this situation, and she needed to do it now.“Where’s Lord Wiltshire?” she asked.“Your questions will remain unanswered,” Perseus said. The five of them began to move down the corridor in one large cluster.“This is an act of war,” Hermione said. “I’m a representative of Their Graces the Duke and Duchess of Slytherin. You simply can’t do this to me!”They all ignored her, but Hermione noted that Frederick’s eyes flickered to her for a brief moment before he faced resolutely forward. She zeroed in on the weak link.“Frederick, this is the outside of enough,” she said crisply. “Do your parents know you’re breaking Hogwarts law like this? It’s illegal for you to take action against a representative from another county who’s here in a diplomatic capacity, as I am. I have immunity!”“You’re a clever girl, Miss Granger,” Perseus said. He sounded faintly admiring. “We both know that you’ve just spouted a farrago of lies, but I commend the attempt.”Hermione’s desperation increased as the ground began to slope downstairs and the air grew chillier. She knew they were entering the Burrow’s dungeons. Silently, the Weasley brothers deposited her into a narrow gaol cell, which small but thankfully clean. She entered the cell without demur.“Turn around and stick out your wrists,” Perseus ordered.She did so, enabling him to unwind the chain before he stepped out and locked the door behind him. Through the bars of the cell he looked oddly distorted, even longer and lankier than he really was.“This is a mistake,” she said. “I’m warning you now, when Lord Wiltshire finds out about this, he is not going to be happy.”“The only reason Wiltshire isn’t in a cell beside you is because he’s too highborn to touch,” he shot back. “We don’t want to bring his daddy running here just yet. You, however, Miss Granger, are nothing but a common Mudblood, and as such you certainly are not above the law.”With that, he and his brothers all filed out. Hermione watched them go through narrowed eyes. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” she murmured.Her cell could be mapped out in ten paces by six, and contained nothing but a bucket for her waste and a stone pallet to lie on. Hermione settled herself down on it and began to wait.Draco did not have time to wonder where Hermione had gone. Upon his return to his room, he found Lord Frederick waiting for him in the otherwise empty room.“What do you want?” he said briefly. “Where’s Hermione?”Frederick answered with a question of his own. “Did you truly believe your attempt to assassinate Harry under our own roof would pass unnoticed? Especially when you involved his fiancée?”Draco went still, his face white. Around him, like a gathering storm, settled an atmosphere of intense violence, flaring his eyes to grey fire and contorting his mouth into a snarl. “What have you done with Hermione?”“She’s in the dungeons,” Frederick said simply. “And she’s staying there until she can stand trial for her crime. You, however, are free to go home, obviously in the understanding that the alliance between our counties is at an end.”“I,” Draco said tightly, “am going to give you one final chance to return Hermione to me. The next time I demand her, I will not be so nice.”Frederick smiled at him pityingly. “You’re in no position to make threats, Malfoy. In case you hadn’t noticed, you’re in Gryffindor now, and your daddy’s all the way back in Slytherin. He can’t help you from there.”“The things my father is capable are utterly beyond your comprehension,” he growled. “This is an act of war, Weasel. Treat it as such. And I warn you, what I am going to do to you will make my Aunt Bellatrix’s worst punishments look like pleasantries.”Frederick raised an eyebrow. “All this fuss over one little Mudblood, Malfoy. Dare I hope you’re beginning to experience romantic love… for someone other than your mother?”“You leave my mother out of this!” he roared. The red haze which had already been threatening the edges of his vision since the discovery of Hermione’s disappearance finally descended, and he started forward with murder on his mind. Prudently, Frederick sidestepped.“The truth hurts, Malfoy!” he yelled as he backed out of the open door and down the corridor.Panting with fury, Draco found himself unable to think clearly for a few moments. Then a small measure of his usual clearheaded-ness reasserted itself. As always, when there was a problem in his life, there was only one course of action to be taken.He strode to the Thestral stables, abandoning the small fortune of clothing behind in his room without a second glance. Abandoned too was Astoria; caught up in frenzied imaginings of what Hermione might be undergoing, he forgot about her until he was already in the air with Viper. He spared a moment to wonder dispassionately what she was thinking about the sudden exile of her fiancé. Then he passed the rest of the journey planning slow and painful deaths for the entire Weasel clan, starting with Ron and Frederick.Thestrals felt only limited pain. Draco had had the foresight to snatch up a whip from the stables as he passed it, and he cracked it repeatedly over Viper’s head, urging the beast on faster. Whether because of this or the vicious way he dug his boots into the animal’s side, the journey to Malfoy Manor seemed to take far less time than it had previously: he reached there by mid-afternoon. He noticed in passing that there appeared to be far more people camped in the fields behind the Manor than there usually were, but his own concerns consumed him too much to spare it much thought.Viper landed hard, its feet buckling. Instantly Draco vaulted off its back and stormed into the building.“Mother!” he bellowed. “Father!”He pushed aside a house-servant re-hanging a wall tapestry who had the misfortune of being in his way. Taking the stairs three at a time, he raced to his father’s study. Draco retained just enough sense to knock and wait for his father’s “Enter!” before he burst in.One look at his face assured Lucius that things were badly wrong. “What is it?” he said immediately.“They’ve taken Hermione and I’ve declared war on them,” Draco said without preamble. His chest was heaving up and down.“What?” Lucius said sharply.Draco sank into the chair before his father’s desk. Absently, he saw that papers bearing the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff seals were on the desk, but he disregarded it.“We made a miscalculation,” he said, voice dripping with exhaustion. “We thought Ginny could be persuaded to turn. We were wrong. She informed her family of the attempt, and they put Hermione in the dungeons. I declared war on them, and, well…” He shrugged. “Here we are. I’m sorry for embroiling us in a war on two fronts, Father, and losing our only ally, but it couldn’t be helped.”To his astonishment, a slow smile was spreading over Lucius’s pointed face. “Father? Did you understand correctly?” he said incredulously.“Calm down, Draco,” his father said. “We aren’t embroiled in a war on two fronts.”“How are we not? We have the Ravenclaw-Hufflepuff alliance on one hand, and Gryffindor on the other. We’re surrounded!” he objected.Lucius examined his carefully filed fingernails. “Ah, about that Ravenclaw-Hufflepuff alliance,” he said. “Did you notice nothing odd about the people who are camped outside the Manor?”Draco frowned and thought back, but he had been too obsessed with worry to notice anything beyond their unusual numbers. “No,” he said at last.“Well, my son,” Lucius said, “as your mother and I would have told you at your last visit, had you not forestalled us with your marriage plans, we are now currently in an alliance with Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. Against Gryffindor, as it so happens.”The world spun dizzily before Draco’s eyes. “H – how?” he asked weakly. “Father, I know you’re a miracle worker, but for the love of Merlin, how?”Lucius smiled without looking at him. “All it takes to move a man is making sure he gets what he wants, child. Remember that.”“So… you’re bribing them,” Draco guessed. “With what? More land? Money? Titles?” He realised he did not care, and made an impatient gesture with his hand. “Enough of that. How do we free Hermione?”His father extracted a roll of parchment from the papers on his desk. “Here, as far as we are concerned, is the plan. There are certain elements of it I am sure you will find pleasing.”Draco ran his eyes over its contents. His eyes snagged on one particular clause, and a hungry, sharp-toothed smile spread over his features. “Oh, yes,” he breathed. “This is perfect.”

 Hours passed. A combination of ire and mounting hunger had sapped Hermione of her strength; she tossed and turned restlessly on the stone pallet in her cell, awaiting events. What was going on? Where was Draco? He would try to free her, of course, but he was heavily outnumbered. It was impossible. He couldn't save her.She was Hermione Granger. She was more than capable of saving herself.Just as she was beginning to suspect that the Weasleys' plan involved starving her, there was the sound of heavy bootsteps down the sloping passageway which marked the entrance to the dungeons. The long, slender figure of Lord George appeared bearing a torch in one hand and a tray in the other."So you do plan on feeding me," she remarked acerbically. "How generous."To her surprise, he grinned. "That's us, the soul of giving. Stand back now while I open the door. Don't try anything."She obeyed, but the cogs of her mind were whirring furiously. She flattened herself against the wall furthest from the cell door. He swung it open – it opened inward – and bent to deposit the tray on the ground. For a fleeting moment she considered attacking him while he stooped, but dismissed it. He had already straightened up and was looking at her with a mocking glint in his eye."Just as a reminder," he said conversationally, "even if you get past me, there's an entire household above you. So I'd stay put, if I were you.""Thank you for the advice," Hermione said. "I'll take it under consideration."He tipped his head to her, shut the door behind him, and vanished up the passageway.She examined her meal. Two thin slices of bread, a goblet of water, and a hunk of cheese. Not the food she'd gotten used to in the Malfoys' service, but she'd eaten worse; the pangs of hunger fermenting in her belly were an uncomfortable reminder of her younger life, and it took effort to make herself eat slowly. She washed away the taste of cheddar with the water and settled down to plan.Hermione was not overly discomfited by the situation. Yes, she was in gaol, but Draco was not – and out of the two of them, he was the one who had any hope of exerting influence to get her out. He might be reckless on occasion, but he was never stupid. She trusted him. He would get her out.She determinedly quashed the mocking whisper in a dark recess of her brain which reminded her that nobody – not even her own parents – had cared about her enough to stick around.Draco was different.Draco was pleased.He was still unsure as to precisely how his father had engineered the triple alliance between Slytherin, Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw, but the matter did not concern him overmuch. He had never been interested in subtler detail, preferring instead to focus on endgames; in this respect, he took after the Black side of the family, none of whom were known for their calmness.Whatever Lucius had promised Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff in return for their assistance did not trouble Draco. He had chosen instead to focus on much more pleasant preparations, which led to his current circumstance of standing outside the front door of the Burrow with an army at his back.Two days had passed since he left the Burrow. During the days, he had been absorbed in the gruelling task of transporting a two-thousand-strong contingent of soldiers to Gryffindor, but his nights were filled with ruthlessly suppressed fear for Hermione. What were those Weasels doing to her? What was happening to her?He was about to find out.As befit a prince, Draco did not beg entry by knocking personally. It was Dobby who slammed a lion's head doorknocker into the great wooden door and called out in ringing tones, "Open, in the name of the House of Malfoy!"There was an expectant hush. Most of Draco's soldiers had been fanned out to surround the dwelling, but the few who remained directly behind him shifted restlessly.Finally the door creaked open. Lord Perseus appeared in the gap, his face coldly disapproving."Your Highness," he said tonelessly. "We had not thought to see you again so soon.""No, I imagine you didn't," Draco agreed. "Yet here I am." He shot Perseus his mean little grin.Perseus's eyes flickered over the armed warriors flanking Draco. Though he could not see them from his current vantage point, more green, blue, and yellow-clad soldiers encircled the entire Burrow."Yes, you are surrounded," Draco said affably. "Would you like to hear the terms of surrender now, or would you prefer to make a token attempt at resistance?"Perseus had paled, but when he spoke his voice was determinedly even. "You have broken every law of the land, my lord," he said."I'm a Malfoy," he said. "I am the law of the land, past, present… and future." His teeth flashed. "Are you going to let me in, or would you rather die trying to stop me?"In response, Perseus slammed the door in Draco's face."Excellent," he said softly. "That's what I hoped you would pick, too."A distant boom assaulted Hermione's ears, and she tipped her face up to hear it, heart abruptly pounding.She was still imprisoned. Even when the Weasleys arrived to give her meals or remove her waste bucket, they came in pairs or more: she had had no opportunity to come up with a plan which would incapacitate more than one person at a time and enable her to escape. She'd had nothing to do other than pace the floor of her cell and discard fruitless plans.Truly, she didn't need to worry that the Weasleys would execute her. If they left her without reading material for much longer it was far more likely she'd perish of boredom.But the booming sound was new. Only faint sounds penetrated this far underground, but Hermione thought she could hear the clatter of racing feet high overhead. What was happening? She hardly dared hope it, but… was Draco here?She vaulted off her pallet. Whatever was coming next, she wanted to be prepared.The Fiendfyre cocktail exploded, and the door to the Burrow splintered apart with an almighty crash. Draco strode through the smoking entryway, jumping over pieces of wreckage. His Death Eaters, a contingent of highly trained assassins and mercenaries in Slytherin's employ, had already infiltrated the dwelling. It had not been an easy task – after all, Gryffindor was not without its own army – and outside, the battle between the triple alliance and its foe raged on.He cared nothing for that. His Death Eaters had their orders, and he had his own agenda.A slender silver blade glittered in his left hand. Since there were no house-servants, he passed easily and unmolested through the corridors, mind filled only with getting to Hermione. The sound of a door swinging open behind him registered only vaguely – yet some instinct still had him spinning around, sword already raised to meet the blow that vibrated down its length.Charles grinned fiercely at him. "Malfoy. An unexpected pleasure."In response, Draco pulled his sword back and stabbed Charles through the shoulder.The Weasley swore. He had managed to flinch at the last moment, throwing the aim off his heart, and fortunately for him it was not his sword arm. But the wound was still deep. Abandoning all attempts at jollity, he feinted towards Draco's right side before whipping the blade up towards his chest.Draco parried the blow. Charles was shorter than him, but stockier and probably much stronger; matching him in brute power would be fatal. Instead, he deliberately allowed an unprotected opening by his abdomen. Charles fell for it. He lunged forward, eyes shining with victory, and they were still shining when Draco sidestepped neatly and skewered his heart.He had no time to savour his first victory. Leaving Gryffindor's son to collapse onto the floor, he raced forward to the dungeons. The Death Eaters would take care of any remaining Weasleys. They knew exactly what to do, and they were around here somewhere.He pounded down the slanting passageway which led to the dungeons. It was not as dark as he had feared: green torches cast an eerie emerald light throughout the cavern, and the walls glowed with phosphorescent mould. The light was more than bright enough to see that Hermione was pressed against the bars of the very first cell."Draco!" she shrieked. "Draco!"Her hair was a snarled mess and she was covered in dirt, but she had never looked more beautiful to him in her life. Draco threw himself forward and pressed his palms to hers through the bars. The feel of her warm brown skin assured him of her presence as nothing else would have."Are you hurt?" he asked urgently. "Did they touch you?""No, no," she promised him. "I'm fine. But how are you going to get me out? I could pick the lock, but not from this side…""Good point," he said. "Do you know who might have the key?"She shook her head. "They rotated who came to feed me. Frederick and George, Perseus and Charles, Charles and Lord Godric… in fact, Ron and Ginny are the only ones I haven't seen."He was already striding away. "Stay right there, I'll go get the key!" he yelled over his shoulder."I can hardly go anywhere, idiot!" she yelled back. Their joint laughter echoed together long after he had vanished from sight.Charles was lying dead where he had fallen. Draco searched his pockets swiftly but found nothing useful. Cursing at the spot of Charles's blood marring his silken white sleeve, he made his way to the dead-end corridor which housed the Earl and Countess of Godric's suite. There were so many Weasels he might as well start in order of age and work his way down from there.He opened Godric's bedroom door without knocking, faintly surprised to find it unlocked, but the reason immediately became clear. The dead body of Gryffindor's heir was slumped in an armchair, blood trickling from his slit throat. It had been gashed so deeply that the head was only just attached to the shoulders. On the earl's pale cheek was carved a very rough approximation of a skull with a snakelike tongue – the symbol of the Death Eaters. As per their orders, they were busy dispatching Weasels, and they had gotten to this one before he could.A perfunctory search of Godric's pockets revealed nothing. With a sigh, Draco was about to turn and leave, when a flash of gold caught his gaze from the wardrobe. His eyes narrowed. It was a tall, thin wooden affair, its two doors shut… but for a tiny crack in the middle.Moving soundlessly, Draco stole over to the wardrobe. Then he threw the doors wide open.Instantly his eardrums were attacked by high-pitched screaming. He cringed and took several steps backwards. Deep inside the wardrobe, surrounded by robes, was a heavily pregnant woman with flaxen hair and delicately beautiful features. Blood stained the front of her robes."Shut up!" Draco snarled. No change. "I said, shut up!"She reacted by sliding a knife from her sleeve and clumsily pushing it at him. He knocked the point aside easily."That's enough," he said coldly. "Lady Godric, I have a proposition for you, and it would be in your best interests to accept it."She hissed at him like a wildcat. "What?" she asked. Her voice was a low, heavily accented growl.The House of Malfoy had originated from Beauxbatons, and Draco slipped easily into its language when he next spoke. "I am searching for the dungeon key," he said. "Tell me who has it, and I will allow you to escape. Fail me, and you will meet your husband's fate."He wanted patiently. It did not take her long to realise her total lack of options."Lord Ronald has it," she snapped. "Release me now, cur."He bowed mockingly and retreated so she could step out of the wardrobe. Her face crumpled when she saw Godric's body, hand flying to her bulging stomach. But her method of escape was not his problem, and Draco was already outside, pounding towards Ron's bedroom.Draco should have expected that particular Weasel to be in possession of the key. He had always been unhealthily obsessed with Hermione. Nobody was allowed to be obsessed with Hermione but Draco.Ron was expecting him. As soon as Draco slammed open the door, he was met by a powerful thrust which nearly pierced his ribcage. He danced back, a feral light in his eye. He had been longing to do this for a long, long time."I suppose – you've already – bumped off my brothers," Ron grunted in between blows.They circled each other. "Only the ones my Death Eaters didn't get to first," Draco said cheerfully. "You, however, I told them to leave for me." He tried a lunge and was forced to abort it when Ron blocked.Ron was several inches taller than him, but his enhanced reach was balanced by his evident lack of skill. Unlike Draco, his wealthy parents' only son, it was doubtful that an impoverished duke's sixth heir had received personal training from Hogwarts' foremost swordsmasters; his movements were inspired but clumsily executed, and it was not long before Draco forced him onto the defensive. This position could not be sustained for long. Dodging Ron's feint, Draco lashed out with a powerful kick, exploiting his lower height to target Ron's knee; it gave way, and he stumbled. Another kick forced him to the ground."I wish I had time to kill you slowly," Draco said, "but Hermione is waiting for me."Hatred darkened Ron's eyes to sapphire, and the shade remained even as Draco drew his sword almost casually across his throat.The vivid spurt of blood was as immediate as it was messy. Ducking it, Draco moved to rifle through Ron's pockets, but some impulse stopped him. Instead he reached under Ron's slit neck, nose wrinkling as his fingers traced through scarlet rivulets. There he found a piece of twine – and, on it, a single bronze key.Of course. How predictable.With a jerk, he snapped the twine free of its knot and narrowly avoided slipping in the pool of blood as he ran back to the dungeons. Hermione looked up as he raced in."You have it?" she asked urgently.In response, he jammed the key into the lock and swung the door open. The next moment, they were in each other's arms, and he was hugging her tighter than he had ever hugged anyone in his life – tighter than he had thought it possible to hug someone without becoming them. She stood up on tiptoe to kiss him hard.He jerked away, panting. "We need to go," he said. "I don't want you to miss the grand finale."She hurried along beside him as they made their way to the entrance of the Burrow. Her mouth dropped open as they passed Charles's body."What on earth is happening?" she asked. "It's clear you've launched an attack, but how?"Quickly, he explained about the triple alliance, and had the gratification of seeing her cheeks flush in pleasure. "I knew I loved your father," she sighed.He pinched her buttock half-playfully, half-warningly. "Less of that, if you please. He's happily married… and soon you will be, too."Before she could respond, they emerged onto the front step. The sun was beginning to set. Dark umber light spilt across the sky, but it was more than bright enough still for them to see two men, one blond and the other redhaired, standing facing each other on the driveway. A knot of onlookers in variously coloured robes watched silently."Ah," Draco murmured. "Here we go." Catching Hermione around the waist, he stopped her just as she was about to descend. "Watch."Lucius's voice floated over to them, its cold clear tones audible even over the sounds of distant fighting from somewhere behind the Burrow. "You are finished, Arthur," he was saying. "Your sons are dead, your daughter is dead, your wife is dead. Surrender to me now, and I swear to kill you quickly."The Duke of Gryffindor was unarmed, but his face was somehow composed as he tilted his head back to look at the much taller other man."Your oaths are useless, Lucius," he said. "You have only ever done as you pleased. May it ruin you one day, even if I will not be here to see it.""You talk a lot, Arthur," the Duke of Slytherin said. The black cane in his hand flashed in the twilight. For a moment, nothing happened: then Gryffindor took two halting steps backwards, his hand clutched to his chest."Someone dispose of that," Lucius said indifferently. Two black-clad, masked figures – Death Eaters – came forth from the spectating crowd, and Gryffindor's figure became obscured by their dark cloaks. It didn't matter. Draco no longer had any interest in it. Hand tight in Hermione's, he jumped down to where his father was standing, wiping his bloodied blade on the grass."That was brilliant, Father!" he said exultantly.Smiling faintly, Lucius glanced at Hermione. "Miss Granger. Good to see you returned."She curtseyed. Since her hand was still in Draco's, he was forced to bend his knees too, and she laughed at the sight. "Good to be returned, my lord," she said. "A quite spectacular alliance you engineered, but I must admit to some curiosity as to what you promised Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff – and what they promised in turn.""It was very simple," he said, shrugging. "We will be Kings of Hogwarts once more, of course.""Of course," she echoed, her eyes widening. "And what did we promise for that?" Her gaze darted to Gryffindor's body.He noticed. "Yes, precisely, Miss Granger. The county of Gryffindor will be split in half, and each portion given to Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff, as well as whatever meagre wealth this place possesses.""It seems rather little," she said doubtfully.He shrugged. "They do not want to be in my bad books, Miss Granger. They know that I could make life quite difficult for them indeed.""What about Potter?" she asked. "And Dumbledore himself? He's still King!""Not for much longer," Draco said. "Just wait till we march on Hogsmeade. The old man will abdicate faster than you can say Gellert Grindelwald."She hummed. "I just… I suppose I just can't believe it's over, is all. We fought for so long to snatch the throne back, we made so many schemes and plans, and now they've just all… they're just all at an end."Draco rolled his eyes. "Don't worry, love. I'm sure there'll be plenty of schemes and plans for you to come up with when you're the Crown Princess. Think of all the disgruntled Gryffindors we'll have to be killing for the next ten years."She let out a tiny smile. Her body ached and stank, she still had to process the fact that the Weasleys were all dead, and the sounds of men dying were still audible in the background, but Hermione Malfoy, Crown Princess of Hogwarts certainly had a nice ring to it.

Epilogue: Fifteen Years Later“Hermione, have you seen Scorpius?”Hermione looked up at the odd note in her husband’s voice. She had been sitting at her desk, diligently working on the next chapter of Hogwarts: A History, publication of which she had taken over after Bathilda Bagshot’s death. The late morning sunlight glittered on her face though the glass ceiling of her study.“No, not since breakfast,” she said. “Why? Is something wrong? I thought we’d gotten rid of all the Gryffindor rebels.”Her husband wandered closer. Being King of Hogwarts undeniably suited Draco Malfoy: since he was very much his mother’s son, one of his first acts upon accession had been to commission a pair of flamboyantly extravagant crowns for himself and his queen. The Sorting Hat was locked away securely at Malfoy Manor, now a secondary royal residence, and taken out only for ceremonial occasions. The crown glimmered green and silver on Draco’s white-blond head. His hairline had receded somewhat in the past fifteen years, enhancing the pointedness of his features, and this – along with the harder, colder glint in his grey eyes – emphasised his resemblance to his late father.Hermione pushed away the bolt of sadness whenever she thought of her parents-in-law. While Lucius’s attitude towards her had never been precisely warm, his approval had been unquestionable. She had been almost as heartbroken as Draco when he had died in a Thestral-riding accident five years ago. It had not been long before Narcissa, devoted to her husband in death as in life, had followed him.Draco still had an unusual expression on his face, part amused, part horrified. Hermione raised an eyebrow at him.“Out with it, my love. What’s the child doing?”Her husband wandered closer to her, wrapping one of her dark brown curls around his finger and tugging gently. “Just come with me. You’ll see,” he said.Abandoning her piles of notes, Hermione rose and trailed behind Draco as he walked out to the Tower’s gardens. The maze in which she had first met Ginny had been demolished well over a decade ago, and in its place was a luxuriant rose garden diligently maintained by the Tower’s gardeners. Hermione’s confusion rose as Draco padded silently across the grass, their heavily embroidered silken robes dragging along behind them.“What’s happening?” she hissed.“Shh,” he murmured back. “Look.”They slipped around a giant rosebush whose blossoms flowered scarlet. Hermione’s eyes widened as she took in her son.Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy, the ten-year-old Crown Prince of Hogwarts, was sitting cross-legged on the ground, as usual heedless of the grass stains on his thousand-Galleon robes. He was the image of his father and grandfather – pale skin and hair like starlight – but for his eyes, which were deepest brown. The contrast was striking.There was an unknown girl crouching beside her only son.Hermione goggled at her. The child was almost unbearably thin, her robes dirty and torn. Scratches marred the tanned skin of her slender arms. She was perhaps thirteen or fourteen, but so grimy it was difficult to judge, and she had… she had…Long, tangled hair, in an unforgettable shade of vivid red Hermione had not seen in fifteen years.The air went out of her lungs.“Draco?” she said in a sibilant whisper. “Draco, what on earth… I thought nobody survived the siege of the Burrow?”As far as Hermione knew, the Death Eaters had quickly and efficiently dispatched every inhabitant of the Burrow. Though Draco claimed he had ordered them to spare Astoria, there seemed to have been some sort of miscommunication, because her blank-eyed body had later been found sprawled out in a corridor. Lord Dungeon had been deeply displeased, and she remembered that it had taken all of Lucius’s considerable skills to soothe him.There was a shamefaced silence.“I did let one person escape,” Draco admitted at last in a low voice. “You remember, Gryffindor’s heir was married to some Beauxbatons woman? I came across her in his room, but I was far more concerned with finding the key to your cell, so I let her go.” He hesitated. “She was pregnant.”They both eyed the redhaired girl. Her expression was hard, but she smiled at Scorpius when he imperiously thrust a bundle of rose petals at her. They seemed to be playing some sort of game.Hermione sighed. The girl, to be perfectly honest, reminded her of herself.“Well, what have we here?” she said, emerging around the rosebush.Scorpius’s eyes lit up at the sight of her, but the girl tensed as though ready to bolt. He grasped her wrist firmly.“No, don’t go,” he said. “Mama, Papa, look! I found a friend!”“So you have, son,” Draco said. He tried a welcoming smile on the girl, who cringed and tried to shake Scorpius off again. “Where did you find her?”“In a tree in the gardens, it was ever so high but I managed to climb it!” he boasted. “This is Rose.”Hermione hummed. “How old are you, Rose?”She finally lifted her eyes to Hermione. They were light brown. “Fourteen,” she said.Hermione exchanged a glance with Draco. The right age to have been born just after the sacking of the Burrow.“Where are you from?” she asked gently.“Nowhere really,” Rose muttered. “My ma died a while back, and I’ve been sort of moving around ever since.”“You have me now,” Scorpius said commandingly. He looked at his parents. “Can we keep her?”Draco rolled his eyes. “No, darling. You don’t know where she’s been, I really don’t think –”Scorpius narrowed his own eyes. “I want to keep her!”Hermione bit her lip. She knew he was awfully spoilt, but he was a good-natured boy at heart, and the fact that both she and Draco had been only children meant she struggled to resist his winning smile.Moreover, she’d heard that tone of voice in his father and grandfather before. Another Malfoy man had made up his mind, and he had no intention of changing it.“It depends on Rose, sweetie,” she told Scorpius.“Rose wants to stay with me,” he fired back immediately.“Let me hear it from the girl herself.”He tugged at the wrist he still held, like she was a horse and he had the reins. “Rose, tell Mama and Papa you want to play with me and stay here.”The girl looked at Hermione and Draco. She had a sudden flash of what they must look like to a dirty, skinny peasant like her – tall, beautiful people, draped in finery, remote and powerful.“I want to stay here,” she said. “If… if you’ll have me.”“Of course we’ll have you, I’ve already told you that,” Scorpius said. He finally, reluctantly, released her wrist. “Come on, let’s go to the kitchens! Cook said she’d make me a chocolate cake today.”Wryly, Hermione watched her son and his new playmate vanish, the boy dragging the girl along by the hand.“My son, arm in arm with a Weasley,” Draco grumbled without rancour. “Ron Weasley is looking up at me from Hell and laughing.”“Oh, hush,” she said tolerantly. Her own fingers entwined with his. She breathed in the clean, warm scent of spring air and Draco. “Aren’t they just adorable together?”“Say that when they’re the bloody King and Queen of Hogwarts,” he said grumpily, but he put his arm around her as they began to wander back into the Tower.

