Draco was sitting in his room at malfoy manor, he is now the head of the control of sending the new slaves to their respective masters. He was checking the files of tax payed by the owners of the slaves, he sent to them under the orders of his wife hermione, who is called as the dark witch by the people around the empire. His wife lives in the castle, which was the ex-ministry building, after the dark magic took every inch of the world including the muggle world, many changes were came upon my his wife, men were treated as slaves and whores. Women's are maids and sluts, but there were respect for the women. Men were treated so low, they lost their freedom to complain or fight for anything. Even he got the job only because he is her husband, not respect but just out of sympathy. Women can do whatever they want to the men of the world, they are the only one allowed to do magic. Every home has the men under women's control, a women can have as many men she want may as husband or as slaves. If a boy crossed his age of 18 he lose would his freedom and he should be made has a whore and will be sold at the market place, after that according to his service they will be imprint his quality as a husband or slave in his chest by iron rod. If any men, were to be stand against the empress their organs will be replaced that of a women. Hermione really hated men and the main reason for it was he and his father. He thought of the day before five years, when he married hermione granger as she was announced as mrs.malfoy by the dark lord. He still remembered the day he married the beautiful muggle born he loved so much since the 4th year yule ball, but he hide it well from everyone. He seen her break before him, when he said 'I DO' on that day.Dark lord gave his mark to hermione too. He rembered how she cried on the day they were bonded through dark magic marks. He also remembered how she cried on his bed when he took her virginity and knows who she was thinking of. It hurt him so much, that she still thinks of him. But he believed it would eventually change if she showed some love to her. After the first time he decided to maintain distance physically to first take his place in her heart. But he and his father couldn't control their lust. Many muggle borns and witches were captured. They were made as slaves collored and they spent their day in his bed. There were nearly 20 slaves for him he took each on his bed daily, he enjoyed their screams when he took them. He could also hear the screams from the next room where his father were taking his slaves.  Actually his father made their lives hell, he will make the women (married or not) comply to his wishes by punishing/killing their husband or boyfriend before their eyes and take them before their spouse. He killed all the men secretly he knows that too. Draco could have had sex with lots of slaves, but his heart belong to the witch he married, he never even slept near her, in their bedroom. She was afraid of him.  She was treated as a queen like his mother by all the death eaters guard and the slaves. His mother and his wife shared a intimate relationship. They were so thick like a mother and daughter.  His mother told him how hermione spends most of the time in the library reading dark art books, he was shocked at that, but was happy that she continues her favourite hobby here, he got more books for her. His mother also told him, that his wife was really scared to get out of library, because she could hear the screams of the other womens which made her miserable. He wanted to win her heart, so he stopped and sold his slaves to other pure bloods. But he couldn't control his father, he still continued ravaging his slaves, punishing them, spankings, whippings, publicly humiliating them. Hermione was hating all this, he could see there was a sadness and hate in her eyes not on just his father, but also all the men. All the women in the house were good to her, but except one his aunt bella. She never let hermione sit with them, she always sat on the ground for having food. She always called her mudblood, once they found her parents and made them sit on the ground, forcing them to eat their remaining foods, he could see tears in his wife's eyes. But he can't do anything. He also made a big mistake by requesting his father to stop all this slave nonsense, because it's making his wife miserable. His father went mad at him for supporting the mudblood. He also remember his words 'Draco you were just asked to marry her, not to give her your heart, did you took the virginity of the that creature - He nodded- yes, i did think so, now let me show you how to treat a mudblood slave' and he did. He raped hermione. His own father raped Draco's wife, his own daughter in law. He made her bent on the bench and spanked her with his belt until her pale skin turned into bright red and she was crying so heavily. His mother was crying outside and banging the door to open, he made Hermione's voice louder using magic to make it hear to all inside and outside of the house. And then his father raped her, inserting his penis inside his wife penetrating her again and again, while she was glaring at draco, for being a coward, not rising a voice, but just crying and he was made to have a sloppy second with his wife, when she was lying in the bed as a lifeless body. His aunt was there too, laughing at the whole scene and naming her as 'mudblood whore'. After he was finished they three exited, his mother went in barging with some slaves one or two faces, which he know from school parvathi patel and cho chang, they all went in glaring at him and crying, closing the door shut behind on his face. Then many things happen, which were the real history of the dark witch, the beginning of an evil hermione. He shuddered just at the thought. He closed all the files and signed the papers to sent to the castles, exited his house. Got a carraige with man pulling it, instead of a horse.No man is allowed to sit in the carriages without her special permission which he did have. He took a moment to see all the castles and building surrounding him, they were all built just two years ago, like a empire with roman sculpture all the old buildings were destroyed. He also observed some of the witches standing as sluts for one night, waving at him. He wanted to have sex, but he couldn't without her permission and took a hold of his dick in pain, which is locked in a cock cage.

Since she become a great power, there were so many resistance group against her, so she sets up these special nights, make her own mission to kill these bastards. She told her guards to wait and hide till she comes back, she drank the polyjuice potion she made which will last for 5 hours and got into an look of an very old lady. She walked slowly to the wards stumbling and blinking, all around her was just trees nothing more, making her remember the horcrux hunt time.  When she entered the ward with her magic of the potion she made. She was surprised, there was another city like place was there, a path way alley of markets and shops, everything was there. Crowded with many people. Who are all these people Why don't i know about these place? She went deeper, but didn't look down. So stumbled again and about to fell down, when two pair of hands caught her and helped her to lift up. It was an women around her own age 22 maybe. She looked like an angel, amazing smile blond hair, pale skin, rosy cheeks, blue eyes with a slight bulge on her stomach. A sack bag on her hands to buy. An exact cindrella figure from muggle stories. "Mam are you alright?" she asked. Hermione shuttered something then said in a older women's voice "Yes, my child, thank you... thank you so much". She smiled again "Oh, it's nothing mam, but where are you from, are you with someone?" she looked around. "No, I'm just a tourist, i don't know how i got here, there were so many trees and suddenly these all appeared" hermione said waving her hands in all direction. She looked like, she realised something "Alright mam, its ok, you should come with me so I can get you safely to where ever you want to go alright?" she asked. Hermione nodded and walked with her, the women looked so nice, so beautiful, she didn't seen anyone behave like this to her since school.  She walked with the women observing her surrounding, she was shocked and surprised by many things she looked and heard. Lot's of children's playing in parks, some practing magic with wands, oh god, muggle parks. They should have inherited the abandoned muggle london parts, collabed with the muggles, they made small houses with the cars, as some of the houses looked destroyed. So she guessed right, they were resistance, preparing even children's, sure she destroyed many resistance but this looked impressive, a hiding place, a city to hide and attack just to kill me, wow, should be ready for war. "Can I know your name mam" the women's question waked her from her thoughts. "Margaret" she replied. "What is your name sweetheart?" she asked, the women replied smiling "Helena, you can call me Helen".  "Where are we going?" hermione asked. "To our leader, the one who can help you to home safely" hermione was excited to see their head, maybe her job have become short. She could just kill him when she meet him she thought having a firm grip on her wand inside her sweater. They reached Helen's home, she knocked on the door, just then a man wearing an apron came out, with a firm tall muscular body, broad shoulder, handsome face, amazing smile, blue eyes and flaming red hair. Hermione lost her hold of the wand, looked shocked.He held out his hand for her "Hi I'm Ronald Weasley" he said and her eyes view become black, she fainted. When she opened her eyes after nearly an hour, she found herself lying in a couch, in a lively good looking living room. She sat up massaging her temples. Sitting before her on an arm chair was Ronald Billius weasley, smiling concern etched on his face. "Are you alright mam" he asked. She couldn't believe it, ron was alive all this time? she felt her cheeks heat up, a giddy school girl feeling, stomach churned with tons of butterflies, she wants to touch him, kiss him, feel him like the air to breathe. "Is she awake?" a soft voice called out from the kitchen interrupting her thoughts, helena came out with two glass one with water and another with wine. One for hermione and one for ron. "Hello Mrs. Margaret, i like you to meet our leader and my dear husband ronald weasley" she said and sat on one of his thighs. 'Surely she can't sit any other places can she?' hermione thought. Hermione felt both feelings at the same time, jealous of helen, for taking over her place, taking control of what belongs to her and angry at ron for trying to kill her all this time as the leader of the resistance. The impatient ron weasley, with the emotional range of teaspoon leader of the resistance. "I don't understand, what are you people? Why is there a ward setup hiding this enormous place with all these people?" she asked innocently. "I know you are confused mam, but let we explain it first" seamus finnigan said walking suddenly inside of the house, like it was his own house. "I think you heard about the dark witch?" he asked, she nodded "I heard about her, got really scared, though never seen her". "Well we are a kind of resistance group of her" "But isn't she your queen?". She asked, ron scoffed. "Queen? Yeah sure. Dirty bitch she is" hermione's rage increasing inside her and she decided to control it for now. "She, harry potter and me were best friends, we fought against the dark lord with many others. After harry got killed. Dark lord catched us, she joined him for her dear life, not even caring about the death of our loved ones, she killed my own sister in front of my eyes, so that she could escape" so that I saved you, you dork!! hermione thought. "She thrown me like a trash from the malfoy manor, married draco malfoy because he was rich and having a good life sucking every guy's dick, that selfish slut" ron said with disdain dripping in his voice, eyes welled with unshed tears. "I got lucky, i beat the death eaters, while they were trying to throw me away from a mountain, took their wands, roamed around the country for months hiding, steeling foods." "Eventually, i found some of my friends seamus, dean and luna with olivander who is a famous wand maker here, he made us wands, we practiced for days, decided to form this resistance, started rescuing the people who were sent as slaves to different places. That's how everything started and we won't back up, until we win, until she is dead." "She only makes deals and gives freedom to pure blood womens and elves, all the males are either will be sex slaves or pet now, squibs will be dead at the moment they were born, womens can have more than two mans, muggles have to pay a large amount of taxes to give birth to their childrens, half bloods and muggle borns are not so good either. We have to stop her atleast now". "You said, she was your best friend at one time, can't you just talk to her?". Luna lovegood walked in, and answered her question for ron "It doesn't work like that, she is not our old hermione, there was always an dark side of her from hogwarts, which that just got a peak, when she got lot of powers, she is evil now". Damn right she is!! "Don't worry mam, you can rest for now, we will take you back to safe place, from where you can get to your country". "Oh, no dear. I have to get back to my husband, i have to go back in two hours" "Here, have dinner with us first, then ron himself will get you back safely" helen said "But i--" ron begin to protest but shut his mouth upon seeing Helen's glare. They moved to the dinner table and started their feast. Hermione felt confused she was overwhelmed by seeing ron again, wanted to feel his love again, felt happy by their behaviour towards a stranger especially helen. But also so much angry. "So, where are your families now, is there any one left?" she asked helen. "Oh, no. Me and she were orphans then, our families destroyed, I'm the last of the weasleys, nearly felt dead and she helped me get me back to myself showing me some love. And we are a family of three now, the weasleys". he smiled. "Three?" but who is the third. Helen smiled at her confused stare and answered, "Im pregnant, with our child" she said smiling with some tears in her eyes. "Actually I'm proud to recreate my family again" ron too smiled sadly and they kissed. Hermione felt herself fuming, if she was her older self, she will be atleast somewhat happy for their baby still jealous & angry at ron. But now, she wanted to burn everyone around her including the baby, he knows where was i and still started a family with another girl. So she decided, at the dawn tomorrow there will be no more resistance. She was now walking beside ron now, after saying her goodbyes to everyone, helen wanted a bless by a women older, so she did blessed her to die silently. She know it's a curse and that's what she wanted. They reached near the ward, "Are you happy about being a father?"  "Oh, yes, ofcourse who wouldn't" "Is there anyone else in your life other than her?". "Yes, there was, i loved her so much, imagined starting a family with her, a combination of our kids" he chuckled "but now I just want her to be dead"  "I did what I should do at that time ron, for saving the love of my life, preserving our future". "Wha-" he was about to ask, what this old women was blabbering about, just before something hard hit him on his back head and his vision went black. He fell to the ground, the older women hovering above him, her face changing into a face of someone familiar to him.

Seamus Finnigan was kneeling in the cold hard stone marble, with his hands tide behind his head. Because if he let his hands drop just for a bit of relaxation, the guard who stood in a loin cloth behind him will use the nail whip on his back again, its already flushed with many lines of blood. It was one of the punishment since he taken by the dark witch among the other resistance. Of course some of them escaped, dean thomas was one of them and seamus knows dean will sure come back. It had been really a blow, more than 200 were captured, the muggles and squibs men were killed then and there, by her own hands, she was just flashing death curses among all the men. The houses created were burned in her rage, she didn't even used her wand for any of that, it must be wandless magic, she become so powerful. The womens and children however were another thing entirely. Some were taken as slaves and pets among with men, some were taken as maids along with the children, no one could find about ron and helen. Some thought they were dead, some even suggested that they eloped, sacrifing us, but he knows ron better. He is as stubborn as his teenage self, still fighting for his loved ones. The night after ron went moment's later, there were a sound of big crashing like thunder's roaring but not from the sky, its like near you or something. He heard screaming, cruel laughing, he went out and witnessed all happened, the death eaters are killing them, burning them alive. He and dean fought with some, but they were not enough, they were not prepared for this much, they kept coming. So they ran in different directions, two seperate groups, obviously he had been captured, dean and his team were gracefully escaped. He saw her among the chaos, her eyes were dark with lust, not for sex, lust for revenge, lust for blood, a lust to kill. She was not in her right mind. She even killed death eaters, they are too running away from her, he could feel the dark magic reflecting from her from a good distance. Looking like a women voldemort, but so pretty and sexy, with nose too. He witnessed what that dark bitch did to luna, dean doesn't know, if he did, he would have come back to take revenge on whoever killed his wife. Yes dean and luna were married eventually, but he stayed single, because he knows about his situation, he will be killed one day. Four of them were selected among the hundreds of people to stay in the prisons of her castle. He was one of them, the selected are the main people in the group. It was hell, the last three days since they were caught, there were made nude, they were tortured, by whipping on their backs, pulling nails from their fingers, beatings till they faint no food, water to drink mixed with spits of the nasty guards, forced to have sex with one another, one women and three men show for them. He was handled by the death eaters, all this time. He had not seen any one except the other three resistance people and random death eaters, who wanted to have fun with them, they were raped by them, he was luckily once, but being a women, the one among them was raped by all of them before his eyes. He could not help her, couldn't do anything to save a fellow resistance. Their wands were taken away from them. He knows ron will save them, ron weasley will lead them to victory, the light will rule the darkness again. But he was ready, when the time comes, when the remaining resistance enters, it will be the death of the dark witch.

"Look at your leader, crying like a child, begging me to ride him" she said still laughing. Ron couldn't stop, he was feeling ashamed but his mind was filled with lust, he wanted a release, he wants to fuck her. She snapped her fingers and two guards grabbed him by his elbow and made him stay back from her. She stood and walked over to the exit "I will give you four time until tomorrow,  to decide on your options, join me or get yourself killed" she left, the guards dragged ron behind her, all the time he was facing the floor, tears dropping to the ground, not wanting to feel their disgusted looks on him.

This chapter may be found as disturbing to some and it is necessary to show her evilness and possessiveness, also to move the story. So just thought of a fair warning.

This chapter is more with action, where fight take over both places simultaneously, so the scenes changes from one place to another.

But who is he, atin never seen him before, but the others he seen some in diagon alley with draco malfoy.Suddenly the red head looked like he is going to make a move and it was the same time where he screamed "Attack" and Atin ordered "kill 'em" in unison. Then the fight started.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~She waved her hand and her cell burst open with the iron gates flying and smashing with the opposite wall.The corridor full of guards are waiting with pointing their wands at her and she slowly walked out eyes full of black an evilness radiating from her.Watching them she snapped her fingers, suddenly two of the guards in the front fell down to the floor headless, their heads burst open and blood splattering to the other death eaters faces.They were now a pack simply backing away through the corridor looking scared, some of the last ones running to escape, some throwing curses at her which she easily shielded with using just her hand.The guards started running off, but she grabbed a handfull of air and crushed it, but it actually took effect on the soldiers as the last 10 of them exploaded their blood and organs splattering.She laughed, how much she liked testing this power on them, how much she liked hearing their screaming scared, how much she enjoyed feeling their fear, how much she enjoyed seeing their blood.She reached to the end of the corridor and made an x movement with her hands.Soon all the dungeon cells burst open like a bombarda maxima was casted on it, the Pet's of him, free of the broken chain, which are all fell to the floor, started running to escape out of the palace.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Ron was seriously scared.He didn't expected to fight in a chamber like a bloody arsenal no way to escape until only one of these many lives.He just planned to release the prisoners and get him with some of the death eaters to take their head out, so he could bring the castle under his control.But he didn't know who the bloody hell closed the doors with that damn spell.The boy whose name was Atin as seamus said was 100 feet straight away from him, but was getting closed.Ron never felt scared fighting of the opponent, but now the boy is making him a little scared.Because he is not just fighting whoever comes in front of him (even his own guards) he is practically killing them, hunting them like animals is more of a word.Grabbing their necks, biting their throat and tearing their skin with the organs with his teeth, taking his wand and pressing it into their eye balls, cruelly casting unforgivable curses all over and ducking perfectly when the curses was turned on him. He doesn't just look like a teen boy, he looked like he fought so many before, like had so many experience in fighting, especially cruel killing.And the important reason for him getting scared is the boy only had eyes for him all the while killing others, glaring at him looking straight to his eyes.Whoever is getting killed by him, ron seriously took pity on them, not a nice way to go and he knows eventually he will fight with the boy, because he is making his way towards ron, fighting everyone on the way.The chamber is full of his resistance fighting combined with her army and opposite side, everyone killing everyone, like animals fighting for survival.Seriously it looked like all hell broke loose.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~She was now headed to the main hall of the palace, searching for each one of them she already killed nearly thousands of them, with her wandeless magic cruelly.The palace was shaking with her letting out her powers. A part of the palace consisted of the dungeons and some others, collapsed to the ground already.Just as she was entering the dinning room, all the entry way was blocked by hundreds of soldiers pointing wands at her and their fears smelled Delicious to her.She flicked her whole hand and all of them bursted. She now started to destroy the whole palace, making it collapse all over.She reached the dark Lord's chamber and there it is, the golden throne.'The throne of Terra'.She walked over to it and tentativily touched the arm of the throne at first and then greedily.Suddenly she could feel a fear radiating from someone, she turned and blocked the killing curse which was just mere inches from hitting her.She looked at the one who casted it, it was tumas, the loyal servant to the ruler of the throne.She walked over to him, grabbed his neck and started squeezing it, he couldn't even move a finger, only able move his face, he is gasping for air, not able to breathe properly or even to stop her, controlled by her magic.She took her hand and he fell to the floor panting heavily.She smiled "Ring the bell to the world tumas, tomorrow's dawn will arive with your new ruler. There is no more dark lord, only the dark witch". She said pointing at the throne and herself.Tumas looked at her schoked, nodded and bowed his head, she walked away to the fire place, in the half collapsed palace.

*Please Give me your suggestions* (About my next work)First off, thank you all for your support till now for this fic, you guys are the great encouragement.

