
    Chapter Text
    
  July 1998
A ginger-haired girl was sitting by the window and anxiously biting her nails when a tall man approached her.“Granger, we have to go now. Everybody is waiting for you downstairs.”Hermione shook her head, making swirls of copper curls fly around her.“Give me a minute Severus,” she said quietly.Snape took a sharp breath, turned around on his heels, and slowly walked toward the door. When he was about to exit, he looked at her.“You have five minutes, and if I don’t see you in the hallway by then, I will have to drag you out,” he said as he was shutting the door.Hermione took a shaky breath and pressed the palms of her hands over her eyes. How could she face her friends when they saw her as a traitor? She never imagined the day of her wedding like this. Without Harry or Ron by her side. Forced to be with the person that she despises the most, except for Voldemort. There wasn’t a single soul that she could tell about what she was feeling without compromising herself and it made her feel like the loneliest person in the world.Merlin, if she could go back in time, she would have never accepted the proposal.
  May 1998- The battle for Hogwarts
“Harry, there must be another way!” Hermione said as her eyes followed the anxiously pacing Potter. ”I just need some time to figure this all out.”She fidgeted with the collar of her T-shirt, thinking of a solution. The Golden Trio was brainstorming in the Headmaster's office during the hour of the ceasefire. Harry had just found out about being a Horcrux after Snape had given him his memories. That was all that Severus could do before being called by the Dark Lord and joining the Death-Eaters in the Forbidden Forest.“Can’t you see? We don’t have any time. If I don’t hand myself over to Voldemort, people will die. I can never live, knowing that I could’ve prevented it.” Harry abruptly stopped in the middle of the room. “And bloody hell Ron, stop it! It’s not like you will find anything in there.” A ginger head appeared from below the Headmaster's desk. In the past twenty minutes, Ron didn't leave a pebble untouched in the office that used to belong to Dumbledore, but he was still hoping to find something that would help them defeat Voldemort.“If there is something that could help us, it’s in this office and I’m not stopping until I find it.” Contrary to his words, Ron let out a tired sigh and dropped himself onto a nearby chair."I doubt that anything of help was left after Snape became the Headmaster." Harry walked over to a wall that wasn't crammed with bookshelves and slid down to the floor. “I have about thirty minutes before they start attacking again. There is only one way out of this.”A thought struck Hermione like a bolt of lightning. Even if it solved half of their problems, it was at least something.” You are right Harry. If there is something that can help us, it's not in this room. Snape would have hidden it away from students. But what about the things that he forgot about? Something far away from this room, something obtained many years ago, something that could destroy a Horcrux?"Harry cocked his head waiting for her to continue.“It is basilisk venom. I’m sure that if we go down to the chamber of secrets, we can get some from the basilisk that you killed. You used it already and it was successful! We can impale Nagini with it and get rid of another Horcrux."“You are right Hermione, but your plan has flaws. Even if we could somehow get to Nagini and kill her. What about me? The venom would kill me, so what is the difference? In my second year of Hogwarts, I got stung by a basilisk and then healed with Phoenix tears. As you can see, I'm still a Horcrux. This can only mean one thing- the only way to destroy the Horcrux inside me is to kill me. Why not let Voldemort do it if it will save lives?" “For Merlin’s sake, stop saying his name.” Ron frowned“I know that this plan does not solve all of our problems but at least we know what to do with Nagini now. Give me some more time and I can come up with a way to save your life. Please.” Hermione finished and glanced away from Harry, her eyes fell onto Ron, that was now standing at the bottom of the stairs, listening to her.Harry stood up slowly and looked at his friends. Both Ron and Hermione could see that he was making a decision, a hard one. After a while, he spoke in a determined tone."I will not let innocent people die because of me, Hermione. You and Ron should go down to the chamber and get the venom. I trust you to destroy the last Horcrux without me. I'm going into the Forbidden Forest to fulfill the prophecy and it is my final word."“No! I will not let you die because of your stupid heroism! Stay and we can come up with something.” Hermione shouted.Harry didn’t listen and quickly headed towards the door past her. Hermione took a step to the right, blocking his way.“Harry James Potter! You will stay in this room until we find a way to save everyone’s life! You will not argue, and you will not try to run away! I don’t care what you have to say about it! Heaven’s sake, I will tie you to a chair if I have to!”“I said that I will not let innocent people die because of me.” Said Potter in an angry voice and tried to move Hermione out of the way, but she didn’t budge.They both pushed each other silently for a few moments until Hermione felt someone grab her arm and pull with force. She was now standing a few feet away from Harry and facing Ron, who was holding her hand.“I’m sorry ‘Mione, but he is right. There is nothing that we can do. We have to let him go.” Ron said in a serious voice.Harry gave him a nod.“How can you just say that? He is our friend Ron. Why are you both so okay with the fact that Harry is about to die?!”“Exactly, he is our friend. As much as I hate all this, we must let him go. This is his will, and we have to respect it.”Ron paused, waiting for Harry to reply.“Thank you for everything, you were the closest thing to a family that I had.” Harry gave them a weak smile and walked to the door.Hermione couldn’t watch, knowing that it is the last time that she will ever see him. She pressed her forehead to Ron’s chest and closed her eyes, trying not to cry.The door creaked open, but Harry stopped. After a moment another pair of footsteps walked into the room as Harry backed down. She turned her head around in confusion.“We need to talk.” Said Kingsley while closing the door. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  July 1998
 Hermione was pulled away from her thoughts by a loud noise on the other side of the door. A female voice was yelling at someone, who presumably was Snape. A moment later the door swung open and Ginny Weasley stormed in.“Of course she is anxious, any bride would be!” She was walking toward Hermione and spitting angry words at Severus Snape that was now standing in the doorframe unusually amused. ”And out of all people they decided to leave her with you! Get out!”Snape gathered himself and was opening his mouth to respond but Ginny interrupted him.“I don’t care if this place is swarming with Death Eaters. Call for one of them and see what happens!”“Don’t test His patience.” Snape moved his brows together and slammed the door from the other side.Ginny stood quietly, trying to catch her breath and studying Hermione’s face, searching for tears or any other signs of a breakdown.“So how are you feeling? Are you sure that you still want to do this?”“Just a tiny bit anxious but I’m fine. Besides, I doubt that I could run away from a wedding like this.” Hermione gave Ginny a weak smile.She was lying. She would rather die on the battlefield with honor than have half the wizards think that she was a traitor and the other half to believe that she was in for the money.“Merlin, there are so many things about this wedding that I can’t understand. Why him? Why now? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”“I already answered those questions multiple times Ginny. I don’t know what you want to hear from me.”“The truth would be nice.”“It is the truth” Hermione sighed and walked up to a body-length mirror to smooth out her dress.
   
  I’m so tired of the constant lies.
 
  May 1998- The battle for Hogwarts
Hermione was trying to wrap her head around what she just heard from Kingsley. Harry and Ron looked equally confused and angry.  In the past ten minutes, Kingsley Shacklebolt was trying to explain that there was a chance for a truce. It didn’t mean peace, but it would give the Order the much-needed time to gather strength and forces.“I keep hearing about all the benefits of the truce, but we still don’t know the conditions, which makes me think that we won’t like them.” Hermione couldn’t stop herself from coming to such a conclusion.“You are indeed the Brightest witch of your age. And since you play a key role in this arrangement, the final decision belongs to you.” Kingsley answered.“Me?” Hermione’s eyes widened”Before you answer, I’m afraid that we must have a private chat for me to explain all the details to you.”“Great, so we don’t even get a word in this.” Muttered under his breath Ron.Kingsley calmly looked at him and signed the boys over to the door."It will only take a couple of minutes. And don't think about running off anywhere, Professor McGonagal is waiting in the corridor. I'm talking to you, Harry."While the boys left the room with rather unpleasant expressions on their faces, Hermione couldn't help but wonder. Why was this all suddenly about her? Harry has always been the key piece in the war. She fidgeted with her hands, waiting to hear what was about to be asked from her."I must warn you before we begin, that although this is entirely your decision, this can alter the course of the war. We can gain peace for at least a couple of months."Hermione took a slow breath, she already knew that whatever Kingsley was about to say would be hard to do. Perhaps, even harder than casting Obliviate a few months ago.“This truce takes place only because of the inability of both sides to defeat each other. It seems to me that not only the Order, but the Death Eaters have troubles within their ranks.” Kingsley propped himself on a chair, getting ready for what seemed to be a long conversation."You see, the problem is that the Order can't destroy all the Horcruxes without killing Harry. Besides, we couldn't even get to Nagini. While he who-shall-not-be-named hasn’t been able to reach Harry yet. I’m sure that you can see how that leads both parties nowhere.”Hermione still couldn’t figure out what she personally had to do with it and why this conversation was even taking place.“We have agreed to a truce. No more battles and skirmishes. And to symbolize the peace that the entire wizarding world will finally get, a marriage will be formed between a Death-Eater and a member of the Order.” Kingsley finished, waiting for Hermione to react.She stayed silent while pieces of the puzzle took their places in her head. But there was still something missing, a few final pieces that would explain everything. Hermione wasn't stupid, of course, she could see where the conversation was headed, she could already feel her blood starting to bubble with anger, but she hadn’t said a word. There were still many questions left and Hermione decided to postpone her outburst until the situation was clear."The public will think that this is the miraculous end of the war. No more bloodshed and deaths. However, I'm certain that you have heard the prophecy multiple times and know that only one can live in the end. This is why I want you to think of this as something temporary. Everyone knows that the Death-Eaters won't play fair. As soon as the truce is announced to the public, they will start searching for Harry. This is why the Order will be taking action as well." Kingsley drew a breath and looked at Hermione, he was surprised that she hadn't stopped him yet.“The Order’s plan will be simple but effective. While gaining our strength back, we will research on the destruction of Horcruxes inside of people and try to get to Nagini.”“And what will my role be in all of this? I’m certain that we are not about to start a discussion about me leading the research.” Hermione was starting to lose her temper.She was tired and annoyed after the battle, she hadn’t eaten or slept for too long, all the adrenaline in her blood, that kept her going was already gone. Now, all that Hermione wanted was for everything to simply disappear while she drifted off to sleep. She knew that if she asked for some rest, she would probably get it but not the others. She also knew that she would never be able to sleep while the others fought and died. This is why she was listening to Kingsley talk, letting anger from not being in control simmer inside of her.“You will be the one to marry one of the Death-Eaters”Although she knew that Kingsley would say it, the simpleness and boldness shocked her. Hermione felt all her anger evaporate almost instantly. She had no idea what the emotion that she experienced was, but it certainly wasn’t a pleasant one. There were only so many words that she had managed to say.“Why me?”There was a long pause as Kingsley shifted in his chair.“You are the only option. You and Ginny are the strongest female members but I can't see Harry agreeing with having his girlfriend married to a Death-Eater. We need him to be safe at times like this and if Ginny gets picked, he will run off the first chance he gets. It would be best if you got chosen. Your marriage will not be limited to galas and interviews, we need a strong member of the Order on the inside.”"Option?! So, a Death-Eater will pick one of the girls that he likes for his amusement and gets to parade her like a trophy?! It's a shit show! A Death-Eater showing off an Order member that he handpicked for himself!" Hermione burst out with rage."Calm down, I'm not finished yet. Nobody said anything about Death-Eaters choosing. You see, he has quite the fantasy. The most valued females of the Order and males of the Death-Eaters will toss their names in the Goblet of Fire to form a match." Shacklebolt paused, waiting for her to start yelling again, but Hermione listened carefully. “Fortunately, we have learned from their tricks and Snape will cast an incantation that will make your name appear from the goblet. The reasons why we need you there is to find out as much as possible and…”Kingsley studied her face for a minute before continuing, knowing that he was about to request something that crossed a line in the moral codex of the Order.“Since Death-Eaters that will put their names in the Goblet are all highly ranked we need you to collect information about their plans and find out how much they know about us. You have to be careful not to draw any suspicion, so I'm asking you to play the role of a submissive wife, who perhaps is even in love. I'm asking you to continue your act not only in front of the newspapers but also in front of him.”Submissive? In love? Hermione raised her brows at his words. Does Kingsley even realize how unfit for the role she is? Hermione had high doubts that something terrible wouldn’t happen to her husband before their marriage even reached the mark of two weeks. Besides, how long is it even supposed to last?Kingsley seemed to notice what she was thinking about by the estranged expression on her face.“I know that this is too much to ask for, but the Order needs you. Besides, this arrangement will only last for a year. I do realize that this is not how it’s done in the Order but after a year you will eliminate him as a sign that the truce is over and return to the Order. A year is an enough amount of time for the Order to complete all the tasks before resuming the war." Kingsley looked her straight in the eye. "Are you in Granger?"“Eliminate?”“You do understand what I meant by it.”Hermione’s eyes widened, the amount things that she just heard were racing in her head. She had always considered herself an organized person, even when it came to her thoughts but the things that had just been dumped on her refused to stay put in her mind. She was skipping from one thought to the other until she found the one that mattered the most.“What will happen to Harry and Ron?”Kingsley scratched the back of his head, not knowing where to start.“Both of them will be safe in a secured place.”Hermione knew that she couldn’t know any more details about the location, if she was caught and tortured her friends safety would be endangered.“What about the others?”“Since a truce will be announced, I suppose the rest of us will be safe for a while. Especially if everyone stays under the public’s eye.”Both of them stayed silent for a few minutes. Hermione didn’t know what else to ask and Kingsley didn’t want to interrupt her thinking process.“I’m in Kingsley…”Suddenly an obvious question popped into her head.“How should I do it?” Hermione felt the weight of the question on her shoulders."It's up to you. The only thing that I ask from you is to do it in a way that wouldn't raise too much suspicion in your direction and to give us a warning a week in advance. Just wear green and appear on the pages of the Prophet and we will know that we have a week left. It shouldn’t be too hard, since your couple will be quite public.”Kingsley seemed to have more to say but the sound of an opening door interrupted him.Harry walked in through the door, behind him stood Ron with a worried expression on his face.“Enough, I’m tired from everything being kept a secret from me. What are you up to?” Harry seemed annoyed and was rubbing the scar on his forehead. “I was just in his head I saw that he was plotting something with the Death-Eaters. The hour is almost up, and we haven’t done anything.”Kingsley slowly stood up from his chair and walked towards them."I know exactly what we must do but I'm afraid that you won't like it," Said Kingsley while putting his hands on Harry’s and Ron’s shoulders. “Good luck Hermione”Hermione gave him a nod, while the boys were looking rather confused.“I’m now going to apparate with the two of you to a safer space, the restriction to do it here has just been lifted.”Harry finally realized what was going on and tried to escape from the grip that Kingsley had on his shoulders. There was a whooshing sound seconds later and Hermione was left alone in the room without the smallest hint of what to do next.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  May 1998- The battle for Hogwarts
After being in the room for a good hour, trying to take in everything that was about to happen, Hermione found Snape gesturing her to follow him. They walked through the unusually empty, dimly lit corridors towards the main part of the castle.“Where is everyone?”“They are back in their dorms and the hospital wing.”They proceeded with silence.Am I actually doing this? Am I going to be able to live under one roof with a Death-Eater for a year?  She felt the Death-Eater’s hand on her thigh, sliding upward as she tried to escape his grip, using her hands to push him away fruitlessly. Hermione swatted the image away but new thoughts kept appearing in her head. Am I really going to kill someone? How?The thoughts made her nauseous, so she decided to shove them to the back of her head. No matter how hard she tried, the image of an unhinged, dangerous, and perhaps even freakish Death-Eater appeared in her head. Hermione involuntarily imagined the two of them holding hands on the front page of the Prophet and felt like vomiting.
   
  Will I even be able to pull all this love act off?
 When Snape interrupted the silence, they have almost reached the Great Hall.“You will not speak of what is about to happen.”They stopped in front of massive doors as Hermione swallowed nervously and nodded. When they walked into the Great Hall, some people were already there, on one side of the room she saw the girls from the Order and DA, and on the other stood Death-Eaters. All furniture except a small table in the center of the hall was moved to the walls. On the table stood the Goblet of Fire, surrounded by a protective circle.
  It’s almost like back at the Triwizard tournament.
Hermione shook the thought off and walked to the girls. She wasn’t surprised to see Ginny amongst them. Of course, they would want The-Chosen-One’s girlfriend. There were other common faces that Hermione recognized but she didn't bother herself to look at them. Ginny took her hand and squeezed it gently.“Don’t worry, you’ve been through worse. Besides, there is still a chance that it won’t pick us.”Hermione didn’t know what to answer that, so she just studied the Death-Eaters, trying to forget that she will end up with one of them. There were a few people that she knew but most of them were strangers. Hermione was pleased not to see Wormtail or Lucius present. Although, she was unpleasantly surprised to see Marcus Flint. He must’ve joined the ranks while she was away. Marcus was carelessly chatting away with Adrian Pucey.Merlin, did the entire quidditch team decide to join?Hermione stared at the blank wall in front of her that wasn’t taken by Death-Eaters. She was trying hard to keep her mind blank. Moments later someone apparated to that exact spot, blocking the wall from her view. Frustrated, Hermione was about to turn around, when she realized who it was. The person standing on the opposite side of the room was Draco Malfoy. Hermione felt a cold shot of electricity through her body. The boy who turned into a monster. The most shocking was how fast it all happened, from someone that couldn't kill his headmaster in less than a year he climbed his ranks to be amongst one of the most influential and feared Death-Eaters. He uncovered multiple plans of the Order, made their skirmishes suicide missions, and did anything if it would please the Dark lord. Hermione caught a glimpse of his emotionless face before she felt her arm being pulled. When she turned around Ginny was wearing a concerned expression on her face and eyeing in Malfoy’s direction. Hermione looked at him once again but found his back turned to her, as he joined the conversation between Marcus and Adrian. He didn’t seem to be careless and smug about it like them, in fact, it felt like he wasn’t even really listening to them.The doors into the Great Hall opened and the chatter died away instantly, all heads turned and with the corner of her eye, Hermione saw people straightening their backs. Voldemort slowly approached Snape, who was standing by the Goblet, Wormtail following his footsteps.Snape took a step forward and began his speech.“This night we have been gathered to fulfill the Dark Lords will, our master has mercy and has decided to grant everyone peace. As a symbol of reunion, a match will be formed. Everyone that is present in the room shall never speak of what is about to happen and we will make sure of that by the end of the ceremony.”Hermione felt shivers race down her spine, the moment that she was dreading about was about to come true.She felt Ginny slightly pushing her and came to realize that there was a Death-Eater standing next to her with a box full of square pieces of paper in one hand and a quill in the other. Hermione wrote her name on the parchment and handed back the quill.“First the bride will be chosen and then the groom.”After a few minutes everyone had a piece of paper with their name on it in their hands. Snape gestured everyone to drop their parchment into the Goblet one by one. Hermione carefully walked to the Goblet, feeling her body muscles tighten as she approached Voldemort. Hermione felt the urge to do something as incredibly stupid as attacking him in a room full of Death-Eaters. She carefully dropped her name into the Goblet under Voldemort’s stare and glanced at Snape. His face completely lacked any emotion, it was impossible to even guess what was on his mind, Occlumency at it’s best. When Hermione returned to her spot, she found Ginny studying her face with a nervous expression.“How are you feeling? You look a bit pale…”Hermione shrugged her off, saying that she was fine, paying all her attention to the Goblet and the people around it. Snape cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention.“The bride is…”He reached out to the Goblet and a piece of parchment appeared, surrounded by magical flames. Hermione felt her heart beat faster and a sense of numbness spread across her body, she felt terribly cold and hot at the same time. Snape unfolded the parchment and announced in the same emotionless tone.“Hermione Granger.”She felt her heart sink, although she already knew what would happen. Ginny gripped her hand and looked at her with a terrified expression.Why is she the one to worry? She should be happy that it wasn’t her. “I’m so sorry…”
  Why would she apologize? It’s not like all this is her fault…
Hermione looked away only to see some of the Death-Eaters smirking and whispering to each other.“Potter’s mudblood” echoed across the roomHermione closed her eyes and tried to calm down as she felt panic rise in her.“The groom is…”Another piece of parchment appeared in Snape’s hand.“Marcus Flint”She heard whistles from the opposite side of the room.Hermione let out a sigh as she felt the world down at her, everything seemed too loud and too colorful, her legs refused to work. Hermione saw Draco Malfoy staring at her with a lifeless expression. As the room was getting darker, she fell to the floor. The last thing that she heard was Ginny’s voice, screaming for help.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  May 1998
 The hospital wing was tinted in shades of orange and yellow as the day was coming to an end.Hermione silently stared at the ceiling as she was laying on the bed. After she fainted in the Great Hall, she had to spend an entire day under Madam Pomfrey’s surveillance. Although she thought that it was a bit much, Hermione was glad that she had time to think over everything that has happened. From the looks of it, it wasn’t even nine in the evening, but everyone was already asleep.The door on her right opened as Snape walked in.“I see that you are still awake.” He sat on the edge of her bed and closed the blinds that separated them from the rest of the room.“We need to go over the plan that Kingsley told you.”Hermione sat up and stretched her legs, quietly waiting for him to continue.“The public can’t know that this relationship is fake. That’s why you will have to court for the next month and make appearances in the Prophet.” Snape lowered his voice.“When is the wedding?” Hermione asked“At the beginning of June.”
  Great, so the countdown to my doom begins. I have one month before my freedom is placed into the hands of a Death-Eater. 
 “I have to admit that the Order is quite disappointed that Marcus Flint has been chosen, everyone was expecting someone more important.” Snape sighed.“I’m certain that he can still be useful.”
  For heaven’s sake, please don’t tell me that this is pointless.
 “We will see about that.”There was an awkward silence for a few moments.“If you wish, you can go home now or in the morning. I will send you an owl with directions in a few days.” Snape looked her up and down, studying her clothes. “And do get yourself something to wear for the Prophet. Do yourself a favor not to embarrass yourself and the Order.”Snape gave her one more disappointed look and walked out of the room.Hermione looked at her T-shirt that had a dirt stain from when she fell during the battle and a small hole on the knee of her jeans.
  Where am I even supposed to go? I don’t have a home and I doubt that staying with the Order will be safe for them.
 Hermione slid down on her back and closed her eyes.
  The next day
Hermione looked out of the window, watching crowds of people walk down the street, she booked a room in the Leaky Cauldron for the next week to stay. It was the best place that Hermione could come up with, as it was both close to the muggle and the wizard worlds.She had been waiting for an owl for over an hour when she heard a light tapping on the window. Hermione opened the window, letting the owl in, and unwrapped a piece of parchment. Hermione,I still don’t understand why you left without telling anyone and why you want to meet at Diagon Alley. I am at the Burrow, but I can meet you at five.P.S. You have a lot of explaining to do.Ginny There were still a few hours left until five and Hermione had to find something to keep her busy. If something had her entire attention, then the unwanted thoughts about her marriage would go away. She grabbed The Prophet from her bedside table and began flipping through pages full of articles about the truce. No matter what she did, everything seemed to remind her about the price that she paid for peace.Hermione threw on a gray jumper, picked up a book, and walked out of her room.Everyone downstairs was celebrating and didn’t notice a small figure walk out of the building. A few minutes later Hermione reached Diagon Alley, which was just as crammed with people as the Leaky Cauldron. She quickly walked through the crowd, took a sharp turn, and entered a small café. This was her safe place, there were rarely more than a few people at the same time, especially during workdays, so she often used to come here to drink her favorite mint tea and read a book.“Welcome to Herbal Magic, what can I get you?” A familiar barista smiled at her.“The regular please.”“Anything else?”Hermione stood for a second, debating whether she should get a pastry with it.“Yes, please. Can I get…” Hermione turned around to point at an appetizing pastry with strawberries and lemon curd but found herself looking at someone’s shirt.She looked up only to find herself staring at Draco Malfoy, who was staring back at her with a blank expression. Hermione felt her blood starting to boil just from looking at him. He is a goddamned war criminal, who shouldn’t be just casually strolling into a café, instead of being in Azkaban.“I think that I’ll just have the tea” Hermione quickly tossed the money on the counter and walked to the end of the bar.A few moments later Draco joined her, Hermione threw a frustrated look at him.“What are you even doing here Malfoy?”“I’m just getting my order. The place that I go to is crowded with lunatics celebrating the end of the war.” Draco raised a brow. “The question is what are you doing here? I thought that you were supposed to be somewhere with Marcus, celebrating your ethereal love.”“Oh, please, you do know that I would strangle him the first chance that I got.” Hermione scoffed and turned away from him. “Besides, you should join those so-called ‘lunatics’, perhaps they will remind you that the truce saved you from Azkaban.”When Malfoy stayed quiet, Hermione realized that she might have crossed a line. She turned around and saw him leaning on the counter with his hands, looking at something in the distance.“Here is your mint tea” A mug slid in Hermione’s direction.She carefully picked it up, trying not to burn her fingers.“Mint tea? You couldn’t pick anything less strong than that?” Malfoy scoffed as he grabbed his paper cup with a lid on it. “Next time when you decide to just casually brag about what happened in the Great Hall or your relationship with Flint think twice. You never know who is listening.”Malfoy pointed his head in the direction of a barista that was taking an order a few feet away from them, took a sip, and walked out of the café.Hermione walked over to a vacant table and placed her mug on it.
  Anything less strong than mint tea? And what is he drinking from his cup, Firewhiskey?
Hermione flipped her book open and began to read, she still had about an hour left and was planning to spend it wisely, without thinking about war criminals that she was and wasn’t going to marry, learning the basics of hand-to-hand combat. It was a last resort and the lack of someone that she could practice with was a problem, but something is better than nothing.After about fifteen minutes Hermione took her first sip, she preferred to have her mint tea just slightly warm and on sunny days she even added ice to it. The book turned out to be very interesting and Hermione even picked out a few moves that she thought she could manage to repeat if it came down to fighting someone. In fact, she was so busy studying the contents of the book that she didn’t notice when someone walked up to her table.“Now tell me what is going on?”“Ginny!” Hermione hugged her friendEven though Hermione had last seen Ginny only two days ago it felt like an eternity.“Hermione, where are Ron and Harry? Are they okay?”“They are both fine. The Order took them to a safe place.”“How long are they going to stay there?” 
  A year, maybe longer.
 “I’m not sure Ginny, it might last a few months.”“Well, I guess it is for their safety,” Ginny said it in a casual tone, but it was obvious that she wasn’t pleased with it.“We will both miss them but I’m sure that Kingsley will update us with any news.”“I hope so.”“How is Fred?” Asked Hermione as they were sitting down.“He is in pretty good shape for someone who nearly died a couple of days ago. Mom doesn’t leave his room, she’s afraid that something might happen to him. But last night I overheard him discussing a new candy that changes its flavor from cherry to vomit with George, so I think he’s getting better already.” Both girls smiled.“Do you want something to eat or drink?”“No, I just came from home. You know how mom is, she forced me to eat so much food, that I think I might explode.”“Ginny, Snape asked me to get some new clothes for The Prophet, so I thought that you might come along.”“Snape asked you to get new clothes?” Ginny chuckled. “And what is up with The Prophet? Do they want a war story or something? Never thought that you would want to get interviewed by Skeeter again.”“Uh-it’s not really for that. It’s for that Marcus thing.” Hermione rolled her eyes.“Marcus?”“Yep.”“What Marcus?”“What do you mean ‘what Marcus’?”“Umm-Hermione… I think I’m a little lost here… I have no idea who is Marcus and what your thing is.”“The Great Hall, the Goblet of Fire, Voldemort? Ring any bells?”“Hermione, did you hit your head?” Ginny seemed very concerned. “And please don’t say his name. It’s been only two days.”A guess appeared in Hermione’s head, but she really didn’t want to go down that road.“Ginny, tell me, what are your last memories of the battle?”“Well…I was fighting with a nasty snatcher and then I blacked out? Or I got stunned?...I can’t exactly remember that bit but when I woke up in my dorm it was already morning. I really wanted to visit you, but they told me that I have to rest, and then you were gone.”Hermione felt something inside her drop. They obliviated them… The words of Snape came into her head. 
  ‘Everyone that is present in the room shall never speak of what is about to happen and we will make sure of that by the end of the ceremony.’
 
  Those bastards…But why didn’t they obliviate me? Because I fainted or because otherwise, I would be able to take part in this stupid arrangement? And most importantly, why did Malfoy remember?
“So do you still want to go shopping?” Ginny asked cluelessly.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  May 1998
It has been a few hours since Hermione and Ginny set out on their shopping trip. Hermione felt like her hands and legs were going to stop working from all the walking and carrying multiple bags. At about eight they decided to head back to Hermione’s room.“I can’t believe that you asked me to go shopping, it’s been so long since we did something like this, something that doesn’t involve the Order or the war. I almost forgot how picky you are with your clothes.” Ginny giggled as she dodged a crowd of slightly drunk wizards chanting some song.“I still think that I don’t need so many clothes. I feel like I’m carrying a whole wardrobe.”“Well, you are and good for you. New clothes, new beginnings, new life.”Hermione shivered at the thought of what kind of life awaits her.“You still didn’t answer my question. Why did you leave without telling me? I would’ve invited you to stay over at the Burrow, Ron’s room is empty for now anyway.”Ginny was still hoping that Ron and Harry would come soon but Hermione knew that a year at the Burrow was overstaying her welcome. It was better not to come at all.“I’m sorry that I left like that. It was all very spontaneous after I fainted. I just felt that I needed to be alone for a little.”Hermione lied to Ginny that she fainted during the battle and all those things about the Great Hall were probably just a dream that she saw when she was out.They finally reached the Leaky Cauldron and climbed the stairs to Hermione’s room. When she opened the door Ginny couldn’t help but gasp.“This is where you are staying?!” Ginny dropped her bags on the floor.The room did look rather old, the only furniture it had was a bed, a bedside table, an old wardrobe, and a small sofa with holes burnt through it. Wallpaper with an unidentifiable print had yellow stains on it and was peeling off in the corners.“I was thinking of getting something more permanent but it’s not like I can afford anything better…”“I really think that you should come to the Burrow.”Hermione stayed silent and sat on the bed.“Anyway, what was this thing with the Prophet about?”Hermione couldn’t see herself lying when all the wizarding world would soon discover her ‘relationship’ with Marcus Flint. But she couldn’t tell the truth either, not now.
  Just one long year of lying…
“I can’t really tell you about it yet Gin, I’m sorry. You’ll see it in the papers soon enough.”Ginny sighed and looked at her suspiciously, after a while she left saying that she had to help at home.Hermione’s thoughts were spinning around the dialogue that they had at the café.
  How could they? Did they Obliviate everyone or just the members of the Order?
Hermione realized that asking herself questions would lead nowhere and came up with the next best thing. She took a quill and some parchment out of her bottomless bag and began to scribble furiously. She had to rewrite the letter multiple times because every single one of them eventually turned into an angry rant and that was not her aim. Severus Snape,Today I have been unpleasantly surprised by the fact that the Death-Eaters decided to Obliviate my friend but left a war criminal’s memories untouched. This leads me to ask. Who else was Obliviated? Why are there people that remember? And why did no one tell me about this before I agreed to this so-called ‘little arrangement’?Hermione Hermione then went to an owlery and sent the letter. When she came back, she was about to fall asleep but a tap on the window stopped her.
  There is no way that Snape replied so fast
Hermione opened the letter, curious who it was from. Hermione,If you have been reading the papers, then you should already know that I have been appointed to a temporary position of the Minister of Magic. I invite you to my office tomorrow at nine in the morning, don’t be late, the Ministry is very busy.Kingsley Shacklebolt 
  Sounds like an order, not an invitation. 
Hermione sighed and dropped herself on the bed. 
  The next day
Hermione woke up early from an owl tapping on her window.
  Does my room look like an owlery?
This time the letter was from Snape. Hermione,You weren’t told this information since we thought you wouldn’t care. All the members of the Order and DA that were present in the Great Hall were Obliviated. Everyone else had to take an unbreakable vow not to tell anyone else.Meeting with Marcus Flint: Today, at the Coral 7:30P.S. I highly suggest you stop using the term war criminal. One of the terms of the truce was that no one will be punished for their crimes.P.S.S. Only contact me if there is something important you must tell. I don’t have time to answer your questions.Severus Snape Hermione felt rage inside of her. Of course, most of the terms of the truce were dictated by Voldemort, since he had the upper hand. The Order needed the truce more than Voldemort did.
  Why didn’t they warn me? Like hell, I care if my best friend loses her memory and if I have no one to talk about this to. Why did they think that memories of some Death-Eaters are more precious than everyone else’s? 
Hermione crumpled the parchment into a small ball and threw it at a wall with all her force. It flew an unsatisfyingly short distance and barely hit the wall.Hermione sighed and opened the doors of a small wardrobe, there was no time to rest and think over all of this, there wasn’t even enough time to be angry. Inside of the wardrobe was carefully folded and hanged new clothes which she unpacked yesterday.Hermione threw on gray high-waist pants and a brown cardigan that fully buttoned up on the front, as she was tucking in her cardigan, she walked over to her bedside table and grabbed a small black leather bag.This should be good enough for Skeeter… Half an hour later she was already knocking on the door of Kingsley’s office, trying to fix a strand of hair that just didn’t want to stay in place. The Ministry truly was in an even more chaotic state than when she last came here. People were running around with heaps of papers, trying to fix everything in the system that was flawed during the war.“Come in.”Hermione pushed the handle and walked in.“Welcome, take a seat. I promise this won’t take long.” Kingsley gestured to one of the chairs in front of his desk.“I believe Snape has already given you directions regarding Marcus Flint. You will have to appear together twice a week from now on. Give him your location when you meet. From then on you will exchange owls and decide where and when to meet on your own.”Hermione nodded and shifted in her seat.“This isn’t why I asked you to come here. I wanted to give you something as a thank you for accepting the offer.” Kingsley reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a piece of paper. Hermione carefully took it from his hands and looked at it. It was a cheque for a thousand galleons.“No, I can’t accept this. This is too much money.” Hermione quickly put the cheque back on the table as if it was going to burn her.“Take it. It should cover all the expenses for new clothes that you bought and for a place to live. I found out that you are living in the Leaky Cauldron, if the press hears about this, it will make our story less sellable. We need people to think that you are in for love and not his money.” Kingsley moved the cheque closer to her.“What about the Order? They need the money more…”“The Order is fine and is getting its money. You have no idea how corrupted the Ministry is. I’m returning most of the stolen money, but some goes back to the Order. The Order deserves it after all the things that they have been through. If this money wouldn’t been taken from a very corrupted man and given to you, it would probably be spent on some useless thing.”Hermione looked at Kingsley.
  He is doing the same thing that that man did. How is giving money to me to spend on clothes and a fancy apartment better than corruption?
“This is not an offer Hermione. This is given to you to perform your task as best as you can. I will not let you out of this room until you take it. And don’t even think about not spending this money. We want you to move into a new place by the end of this week.”Hermione grabbed the cheque and stormed out of the office. She didn’t feel thankful or happy, she felt like a doll. Everyone expected her to perform any task given and look pretty and cheerful while she was at it. In the past few days, she broke so many personal moral rules and it was only the beginning.A few hours later Hermione found herself at the door of a fancy restaurant Coral. She remembered wanting to come here with her friends but never managed to find enough time or money. After a quick look at the terrace and all the ladies in posh outfits, she felt severely underdressed.
  Who cares, it’s Marcus Flint I’m meeting. If I wore this to see the Minister, it’s good enough for him.
Hermione took a deep breath in and stepped into the restaurant.
  There’s no use in stretching this out if my days are already counted.

   

  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione stepped into a cool ventilated room and immediately spotted Marcus Flint sitting in the far corner.
  Just breathe, he’s not going to harm you. We are in a public place with paparazzi on the way.
“How can I help you?” A maître d’hôtel eyed her outfit.“I-uh.” Hermione was so caught up in her thoughts that didn’t notice him at first. “No help needed my…friend is waiting for me.”Hermione walked over to the table and Marcus raised his head from the menu.“Hermione Granger.” He said with a strange smile on his face.“Marcus Flint” Hermione sat down, already wishing for this date to be over.The sole presence of him made Hermione uncomfortable, she felt like running away and hiding. A waiter came over and Marcus ordered two steaks and red wine for both.“I’m capable of choosing my own food, just so that you know,” Hermione said as the waiter walked away from their table.She pitifully looked at the menu that she didn’t get a chance to look through.“I doubt that there is anything better than steak.”“I prefer chicken.”Marcus frowned at her words.“I pay, I choose.”“I can pay for myself.”“You won’t.”Hermione hated being ordered around, she could tolerate it if it was for the sake of innocent lives and peace, but this was too much.“Where are you staying at?” Those words coming from Marcus sounded like they had a double meaning and Hermione didn’t like it one bit.“I’m moving from there in a few days, there’s no use in telling you. But I can send you an owl after I move.”Hermione was proud of how easily she got herself out of telling him her address. If he tells her where he lives, she can send an owl and there won’t be a need to tell her address.“No need. Let’s make plans now. I can meet you at the bar down the road on Saturday.”Hermione didn’t have any plans at all but didn’t feel like agreeing with him after her plan was ruined.“I can’t, I’m busy on Saturday.”“Then you will have to cancel all your plans.”A waiter came back with their food and Hermione had to admit to herself that it looked delicious but eating it would mean agreeing with Marcus.
  No dinner for me then.
“Why can’t you cancel your plans?” Hermione asked as Marcus bit into his steak.“Because my plans are important. I only have free time on Saturday and even then, some people will be joining us.”The thought of other people being present calmed Hermione down, although it would be hard not to break character in front of them.“Do I know them?” Hermione realized how stupid of a question it was only after she said it. What kind of mutuals could she and Marcus Flint have?“You have certainly heard about some of them.”There was a silence for a few minutes as Marcus chewed on his steak and Hermione stared at her plate.“Your food is getting cold.”“I’m not hungry.” Replied Hermione, feeling her stomach growl.“What about your wine? It’s very expensive.”“I don’t drink with strangers.”There was a strange grimace on his face for a split second that turned into a suspicious smug. A moment later Hermione felt his hand on her thigh under the table.“We can easily fix that.”She squealed as she pushed it away and moved her chair as far away from the table as she could without attracting any unwanted attention. An elderly couple at the table next to theirs looked at her with unpleasant expressions on their faces. Flint was radiating anger, if it wasn’t such a crowded place, who knew what would happen.“Don’t be so loud, you don’t want other people to hear, do you?”“That’s enough, I’m leaving.” Hermione stood up and was headed towards the exit when Flint’s hand grabbed her arm and pulled her.“The press is just outside the door, I’m sure everyone that made the truce come true will be very disappointed if you leave this restaurant alone. Besides, that would mean that you spent this evening with me for nothing.”Hermione slowly sat down, staring at Marcus with hatred.“I guess you’ll just have to wait for the bill.” He said with a smug on his face.A few minutes later they were walking out of the restaurant, Hermione did her best to suppress the anger inside. It was already dark, so when the sudden camera flash blinded her, she only felt Marcus grab her waist, lean in, and whisper.“It’s for the Prophet, smile.”They crossed the street with Marcus holding his hand on her waist and smiling, but as soon as they reached a turn Hermione pushed him away.“Don’t you dare to fucking touch me like that again!”“Have a nice evening too.” Marcus smiled and apparated. When Hermione came back to the Leaky Cauldron she spent almost an hour in the shower, trying to scrub away the dirty feel that Flint’s touch left on her skin.
  What a pity that I can’t clean my memories. His disguising smug will be embedded in my head for the rest of my days.
Hermione came out of the shower and curled on the bed, trying to calm herself down. She knew that it wouldn’t be easy, but this was too much to handle. As she laid in the dark, flashbacks of the evening came back even stronger than they did in the shower. With tears slowly streaming down her face Hermione fell asleep. The next morning Hermione woke up from someone trying to break her door down. Feeling sleepy and unrested she opened the door only to find Ginny in a furious state.“What’s wrong?”“You tell me what is so wrong in this world for you to go out with an ex-Death-Eater!” Ginny slammed the door behind her.The youngest Weasley stretched her arm only to show almost a whole page dedicated to Hermione and Marcus. On top of the article was a picture of them walking out of the Coral, Flint grabbing her waist as she smiled. If the memories of yesterday weren’t so fresh in her head, Hermione could’ve sworn that she looked happy in the picture. She carefully took the paper from Ginny’s hands and read the article. 
  Dear readers, a true sensation has been spotted yesterday just outside of Coral. War heroine Hermione Granger and Marcus Flint were seen walking out of the restaurant looking drunk in love. Or was it the wine? It’s been only three days since peace has been announced and love is already in the air. To say the least, it’s an unexpected match but the heart wants what it wants. I’m sure that we are all curious to know Ron Weasley’s reaction to this, him being Hermione’s first love. I guess Hermione chose the other side after years in the shadow of Harry Potter and being the least popular member of the Golden Trio. A match made in heaven, or should I say the battlefield?

  Keep in touch to know all the details,

  Rita Skeeter.
 Hermione tossed the paper aside and buried her face in her hands.“Hermione, are you alright? What happened?” Ginny started to worry, seeing the state that her friend was in.“I can’t even talk about it.” Hermione sat on the bed, feeling unwell.“Just tell me that it was a lie, a hoax.” Ginny was almost begging her.Hermione felt like her heart was being ripped out of her chest. She felt like a traitor but knew what the right thing was to say.“Gin, I’m going out with Marcus Flint.”There was a very long pause, neither of them could say anything else.“No…” Ginny whispered with a terrified expression. “Why would you?”“It’s very hard to explain…I-I can’t say anything yet.”“Why not?”“I just can’t.”Ginny was looking at her like she was some stranger, someone she didn’t know and couldn’t understand.“I don’t even know what to say… I always thought that you would be the last person to get involved with a Death-Eater. And you can’t even explain yourself.”Hermione felt tears starting to appear in the corners of her eyes.“I’m sorry but I have to go, owl me when you feel like talking about this.” Ginny left looking more sad and disappointed, than angry.Hermione spent almost the entire day in bed thinking about Ginny and her date with Marcus. She felt like a helpless puppet that couldn’t talk unless allowed to.
  God, I feel so stupid. 
It was already dark when Hermione felt like getting up. She put on a T-shirt and jeans, then grabbed the Prophet and stared at the damned article. A minute later she was already closing the door to her room with the paper in her hand and the page featuring her and Marcus in the trash can. When she walked into Herbal Magic, she ordered mint tea and a salad. After finishing her food, she began flipping through pages with ads until she found what she was searching for. 
  The next day
Hermione apparated to the address mentioned in the paper and found herself next to a modern building. She walked inside and went up to the eighth floor. A middle-aged witch showed her around the apartment, which Hermione couldn’t care less about. She just needed a place that didn’t look like it was falling apart. The entire flat was very minimalistic and stylish with dark brown wood furniture and accents of white and gold here and there. Hermione didn’t expect to see something so nice when she picked the first ad in the Prophet. She paid rent for the next month in advance and the landlord was kind enough to let her move in tomorrow.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Friday
Hermione was in a much better mood than yesterday and was even a little excited about getting her own apartment. Packing her things didn’t really take any time, since Hermione only had her bottomless bag and heaps of clothes that she bought with Ginny. When she stepped into her new apartment, she realized how spacious and beautifully decorated it was. She didn’t pay any attention yesterday, so everything was brand new for her. She spent the next two hours exploring and unpacking. Every room except for the kitchen and bathroom had walnut wooden floors. The living room had a huge white couch facing a marble chimney with armchairs on both sides. Hermione stepped onto a white fur rug with her bare feet and couldn’t hold back a smile. After months of staying wherever she could just to survive it was nice having a place that she could at least temporarily call home. The left wall was made to look like it was built from bricks and was taken up by a huge window, which had a low and wide windowsill with books stacked on one side. A picture of her reading there on a rainy day came to mind. The right wall had an arch that led into a miniature kitchen with a small table by the window. Hermione looked at two doors on either side of the chimney and walked into the left one. She instantly fell in love with her new bedroom that had sand-colored walls and a wide bed with smooth linen. This time she didn’t have to worry about her clothes not fitting into a ridiculously big wardrobe that took up nearly half of the wall. The furthest wall had a small glass desk against it. She mentally thanked the owner of these apartments when she saw a cabinet stacked with books next to it and walked through another door in the corner of her room.  It was a pristine clean bathroom with another door. 
  How many rooms exactly are there?

   
She found herself in a much smaller cozy guest bedroom that still had a double bed, Hermione walked through another door back into the living room and realized that the bathroom connected the two bedrooms on her right and left. She fell onto the couch, feeling happy for the first time in a while. 
  Later that day
The last time that she spoke to Ginny was on Wednesday and it seemed like an awfully long time. Hermione wrote a letter to her, asking her to come over, half-expecting her to ignore it, so when Ginny stepped out of the chimney at half-past seven, Hermione was surprised. Without saying a word Ginny rushed to her and hugged Hermione so tight, that she thought her ribcage might crack.“I’m sorry,” Hermione muttered running out of breath.They both sat down, and Hermione began talking.“I’m so sorry that I can’t even tell you what is going on. I really wish that I could. Trust me Gin, I’m not out of my mind and I’m doing something important. You will know everything eventually, just not-”“Stop apologizing, I believe you. It was wrong of me to just storm out on you. I’m really sorry too. I missed you, Hermione.” Ginny gave her a warm smile. “Let’s talk about something more optimistic. For example, this new place of yours looks very fancy.” They spent the rest of the evening chatting without mentioning topics that hurt them like the boys being away or Flint. “Gin, can you ask Mrs. Weasley if you could stay with me for a few days. It would be nice to have you around, besides I think that you would like the guest bedroom.”“I’ll ask her and will come even if she says no. I don’t know about the bedroom but this couch is so soft that I’m already falling asleep.” Despite Ginny wanting to stay, she left a few minutes later, promising to come back tomorrow. This was the first night since Ron’s departure that Hermione thought of their relationship as she was falling asleep. 
  I’m sure that we are all curious to know Ron Weasley’s reaction to this, him being Hermione’s first love.
 She wouldn’t call it love. Of course, she loved Ron, but it was mostly platonic. She turned in bed and her first kiss came to mind. If she ever told her eleven-year-old self that her first kiss would be in the Chamber of Secrets during a battle, she would never believe her. It was strange, Merlin, the whole night was strange. It was the second time that she thought she was actually going to die. The first one was in the Malfoy Manor’s drawing-room. Hermione shivered at the memories and quickly swatted them away. Malfoy junior pridefully strolling into a café replaced them and Hermione rolled her eyes. 
  Thank God, I won’t have to see his face again. For a while at least.

   

  Not Marcus Flint though… Tomorrow is Saturday, which means that I will have to spend an evening with his insufferable persona. I wonder who are those people that he mentioned. I’ll find out tomorrow, I guess…
 Hermione drifted off to sleep without even noticing. 
  Saturday evening
Hermione was walking down the street in a short dress with spaghetti straps and an asymmetrical bottom. The dress itself was amber with polka dot. Hermione wasn’t sure if wearing something so open would be a good idea, but the weather was unusually hot, there wasn’t anything else that she wouldn’t boil in to wear and there were going be other people, so Flint shouldn’t be an issue. Hermione fixed an oversized black leather jacket that Ginny practically forced on her and walked into a bar. On their last ‘date’ Marcus Flint didn’t even bother to tell her what time they should meet, before harassing her, so Hermione came at the same time, hoping that she guessed right. She searched the room for common faces and found one, not the one she expected though. Hermione froze as her heart skipped a beat. Standing by the bar and ordering drinks was Draco Malfoy in the flesh. She started to slowly back out of the bar, thinking of sending Flint an owl about being sick and rescheduling. “Granger.” Marcus was wearing his same disgusting smug and reeked of alcohol. Hermione nodded. Too late to escape now. “Listen, I get that I upset you on our last date. I didn’t mean it, I thought you would like it. Please let’s not cause a scene tonight, I’m with my friends.” Marcus gestured to a table and started walking. Hermione scoffed and followed on wobbly legs; friends of Flint are definitely not friends of hers.The table had six chairs around it, Marcus showed her a seat and sat next to her. Hermione didn’t personally know the Slytherin sitting next to her but recognized him. The chair in front of her was empty. Hermione had very bad guesses about who the person that sat there was. The other two were taken by Adrian Pucey and… “Evening, Granger. Never thought that I would see you in a Slytherin company.” Blaise Zabini smiled at her across the table. “Especially with this asshole.” Said Malfoy as he set down drinks on the table. 
  Oh, fuck

   
Everyone except Hermione and Flint laughed, he only moved his brows together and didn’t seem to take a joke. She just sat there, feeling extremely uncomfortable. There was something strangely unnerving about Draco Malfoy since the day she met him, and the feeling only grew stronger as the years went by. His sole presence was enough for her to feel like she was being observed by a crowd, even though he rarely even seemed to look at her. Hermione hated this feeling with her guts, almost as much as she hated Malfoy. “What’s your poison, Granger?” Asked Blaise. “She doesn’t drink with strangers.” Quoted in a posh tone Marcus.
   

  So much for trying not to cause a scene…

   
“Oi, don’t speak for her. Come on, we’re not strangers. We’ve been in the same school for years.”  Continued Blaise. “I really shouldn’t.” “Does he disallow alcohol for you or something?” Hermione scoffed at the thought of Flint even trying to forbid her from something. “I’ll have a butterbeer.” “Now, that’s what I’m talking about.” Blaise slapped the table and walked off in the direction of the bar. Hermione immediately felt how everyone got tense in Blaise’s absence. He and the Slytherin next to her were the only ones not present in the Great Hall last weekend. “You were late. We got here at six.” Marcus commented in a lower tone. “It’s not my fault that you didn’t tell me the time.” Hermione crossed her arms and turned away from Flint. She felt someone’s stare but when she looked around no one seemed to be watching. Blaise returned with a cold glass of butterbeer and raised a brow at Flint’s displeased face. “Already fighting, lovebirds?” Hermione saw Malfoy glance at him angrily. “So, tell me, how did you two start seeing each other? You are dating, right?” “Blaise…” Malfoy started in a warning tone. “What? It’s just a question.” Hermione took a sip from her cup to stretch some time. Strangely, she never came up with a backup story for the press or curious people. They probably should’ve discussed it at the Coral. “Well, uh-we met…” Started blabbering Flint. Hermione could almost see his brain trying to come up with a story, unable due to low capacity. 
  He’s about as bright as a pencil

   
Hermione decided to take the situation under control. She knew that she was a terrible liar, but anything would be better than whatever Flint was trying to say. Besides, lying was a skill that would be required quite often this year. “I fainted during the battle and Marcus carried me to the hospital wing. It was very kind of him, who knew what would happen to me if he wasn’t there. When the truce was announced, there was nothing else stopping us from being together, so we started going out.” Hermione pushed out a fake smile, hoping that the disgust was not visible “Exactly.” Finished off for no apparent reason Marcus. Malfoy crossed his brows at her words and Hermione took a swig from her glass to calm down. It was a close call. “How brave of you Marcus.” Arched his brow Blaise. “Remember the story of how you got detention for sneaking out at night?” Now it was Flint’s turn to send warning stares to Blaise, which he completely ignored. “What story?” Hermione asked out of sheer curiosity of what could aggravate Marcus Flint so much. “Don’t you dare…” Started Marcus but Blaise just waved his hand, gesturing him to shut up.“On our third and Marcus’s sixth year of Hogwarts, he decided to sneak out at night for some reason. What was it, Flint? I know for a fact that you weren’t snogging someone with those teeth of yours.” Flint’s face turned a shade of green. “He actually managed to do whatever he was up to and was on his way back to the dorms. Then Peeves jump scared him, Flint screamed like a little girl and ran right into Filch and his cat.” Concluded Blaise. “That’s why I was so surprised to hear about his heroism during the battle.” Hermione smiled at the thought of Marcus screaming like a girl, while the mentioned above sat with a grim expression and was sending death stares. “So, if you weren’t snogging someone, what were you actually doing Marcus?” Asked Blaise, still completely unbothered. “You seem to be showing too much interest in my sex life, Zabini.” Hermione got a sudden urge to throw up after those words. “You mean, the absence of it? Don’t take it personally, I’m just worried about your health.” Blaise smiled at him and sipped his firewhiskey. “Oh, you know nothing about my life. Plenty of girls are begging me to spend the night with them! Look at Granger, you think I got her just with my charisma? There’s a reason why she left that ginger loser for me!” Hermione gasped as Blaise raised his brows in surprise, while the others silently observed. Malfoy’s eyes turned a dangerous shade of dark silver. She was about slap Flint when Malfoy punched him in the face, Zabini followed up. Adrian Pucey shoved Blaise with force, while the unknown poor Slytherin was trying to stop everyone from fighting. Just in seconds, there was a full-blown drunk fight in the bar. Hermione couldn’t watch this circus show any longer and headed to the toilets. Halfway there she noticed a door, leading to the back entrance and stepped outside.An empty alleyway was lit by a single streetlight. Hermione sat on the still warm from a hot day concrete against a brick wall. She felt a bit tipsy from the butterbeer kicking in. It was a little breezy, warm wind that already smelled like summer was blowing through the air. Exactly what she needed. However, she won’t have this summer to herself. No late at nights at the Burrow, no reading books in the sunshine, no Harry and Ron. Just as she was afraid. She was going to be paraded as a war trophy. Tears started to run down her face, all the embarrassment, discomfort, and fear of the past week came crashing down. There was no one in the alley, so she wasn’t afraid of being too loud. Hermione didn’t know how much she spent time crying before a silk handkerchief appeared in front of her face. Hermione grabbed it and slowly lifted her gaze. Draco Malfoy was standing with an emotionless expression, nothing in his appearance except a tiny cut on his cheekbone hinting that he was in a fight less than fifteen minutes ago. Strangely, Hermione didn’t feel the usual despise when she saw him. In fact, he was the only person that knew almost everything about what was going on in her life. The only one she could talk to. Hermione felt her cheeks turn pink when she realized that he saw her sitting on the ground wailing and quickly wiped her tears with his handkerchief. “Is it true? What he said about you. Did you…Did he force you to do something?” Draco tensed and looked at something in the distance. “God, no. He was just showing off.” Hermione carefully stood up, there was something strange in sitting while Malfoy was towering above her. He seemed to relax a bit. “They kicked us out of the bar.” He said after a pause. “How rude of them.” Hermione had no idea why she felt like joking. “You’re right, this is outrageous, I’ll have to file a complaint,” Draco smirked. “Why would you even start that fight?” “He was being rude and ruined everyone’s mood.” Hermione raised a brow. How drunk was he? “…And he stole my credit for being heroic.” “What?” Malfoy didn’t answer her question. They stood in silence for a while. “Everyone except for me and Prince Charming left already. He’s right around the corner if you want to see him.” Draco pointed in the direction that Flint was supposed to be in. “I wouldn’t go though; he seems to have lost all his charms.” Hermione looked in the direction that Malfoy pointed her in and heard a whooshing sound behind. She turned around only to see that Malfoy was gone. 
  Who apparates this drunk? Does he want to get splinched?

   

  And why should I care?

   

  Just because he was nice to me once doesn’t erase all the terrible things that he’s done.

   
Something shined on the ground where Draco was standing a minute ago. 
  Just as I thought… Lucky for him it's not his leg or arm.

   
Hermione picked up the object, which turned out to be a dagger. She took a closer look and realized that it was very old, ancient perhaps. Hermione shoved it in the jacket’s pocket and marched to where Malfoy pointed her. Flint was still there, waiting for her. He was peacefully smoking a cigarette, with a bruise already appearing under his eye. “You are a dirty animal with no self-control! You asked me not to cause a scene and did it yourself. Not to mention that you belittled me and treated me as an object in front of other people.” “Keep your voice down, the press is about to come.” “Screw you and the press, I don’t care. I just wanted to say that it’s your turn to figure out what to do with this fake marriage because I don’t want anything to do with you.” Marcus opened his mouth to say something but Hermione apparated back to her flat. Ginny was already sleeping when she got back, so Hermione quietly went into her room and pulled out the dagger to examine it closer. The entire thing was a pitch-black color with a twisted handle, that had a clear quillon, which looked like glass but was either charmed for durability or was something else. It had a white snake attached to it with tiny emeralds for eyes and pearls decorating its body. The blade was black too and had runes engraved on it. 
  What was Malfoy up to, carrying this thing around? 

   

  It looks like a family heirloom and even if it's not, what kind of a lunatic would bring something like this to a bar?

   
Hermione carefully tucked the dagger between her folded clothes in the wardrobe and went to bed. 
  And what did he mean when he said that Marcus stole his credit?
 Hermione felt embarrassed for her outburst tonight. Even if she had all the reasons to cry, Malfoy shouldn’t have seen it. 
  No more tears for Flint.

   

  He went too far this evening for a person that I wouldn’t cry about if he died.

   

  I’m sick of him just toying around with me.

   

  Well, Marcus, it takes two to tango…
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione woke up to the sound of her door opening, Ginny walked in and slowly placed the Prophet on the bed. “Let me know if you want to talk about it.” She said quietly and closed the door on her way out. Hermione debated whether to read the paper for a few minutes, judging by the look on Ginny’s face it wasn’t good.An owl tapped on the window. Hermione took the letter from it and quickly opened it. Hermione,Your little tantrum has gone public. There are innocent lives at stake if you fail your task. Fix it.P.S. I gave Marcus your address.Snape Hermione’s stomach turned. She didn’t remember seeing anyone on the street yesterday. But she was so angry that there was a chance that she simply didn’t notice a journalist. Hermione rushed to her bed and picked up the Prophet. 
  Dear readers,

  It seems that our latest couple isn’t quite getting along. Marcus Flint and Hermione Granger were spotted yesterday in public fighting.

   
Hermione huffed. It’s not a public fight if there isn’t anyone else around. 
  It’s been only four days since the couple went public and there already seems to be trouble in paradise. I’m sure that we all can’t help but wonder, whether their arguing was somehow related to Ronald Weasley. If this is what we see now, I wonder what will happen after a few months… I’m sure that they will bring us many more exciting topics to discuss in the future.

  Keep in touch to know all the details,

  Rita Skeeter.

   
Below was a picture of Hermione shouting and articulating with her hands as Marcus stood calmly and smoked. It did look bad. Her least favorite part about this picture was that it painted her as the bad guy and not him. 
  This was supposed to be a picture of a loving couple, not whatever this is.
 Hermione tossed the paper aside and dragged herself into the kitchen. Ginny was making an omelet with tomatoes and cheese, which smelled delicious. “Do you want to talk about the article?” “Not really. It’s not as big as Skeeter painted it. It was barely a fight, compared to what happened in the bar.” Ginny turned around and squinted her eyes suspiciously. “What happened in the bar?” “Malfoy started a fight with Flint.” Hermione placed her chin on her palm. “What were you doing in the same bar with both Malfoy and Flint?” “There were others too. Zabini, Pucey, and one more guy from Slytherin.” “Sounds like a Slytherin fan club. What on earth did you forget there?” “It was a date with Flint. I didn’t know about the others.” Hermione rolled her eyes on the word date. “Please remember to regularly remind me that you are going out with Flint for the sake of something important.” “Why did they even start fighting?” Ginny added as she placed a plate in front of Hermione. “Flint allowed himself to say some inappropriate things about me. Malfoy punched him and soon everyone joined in.” “That bastard… Since when is Malfoy your bodyguard? Is there something else that I don’t know?” “Please stop, I’m going to lose all my appetite.” “How long are you going to be seeing Flint?” 
  A year.
 “I’m not sure, a few months maybe.” “I hope that you will be done with this Marcus Flint thing by the beginning of June so that we can spend the rest of the summer having fun.” Ginny had no idea how close her guess was, in fact, no one at that moment did. “Me too. Now please can we switch the topic. I want to enjoy my meal in peace.” Hermione didn’t quite understand what Snape meant by fixing it, since she didn’t have Flint’s address. She decided not to write back and give Severus a few days to calm down. 
  Tuesday
Hermione was beginning to think that everyone simply forgot about her. Until she received a letter from Marcus in the morning. Hermione,I have arranged an interview this evening with the Prophet at the Coral at five-thirty. Please don’t be late.Marcus Hermione crumpled the letter and set it up in magic flames. Then she began getting ready.When Ginny heard that Hermione would get interviewed, she offered to help. She curled Hermione’s hair into big smooth waves and added a touch of make-up to her face. Hermione dressed in a white silk floor-length skirt and a black top. “You are going to look fantastic in the pictures!” Ginny clapped her hands in excitement. “Pity that it will look like you did this for Marcus though…” 
  Exactly the impression that this outfit should leave. Like I did this for Marcus Flint…

   

  Later that day
Hermione apparated onto the steps of Coral. She nervously ascended the stairs, trying not to think of what happened here the last time.Flint and Skeeter were sitting inside and waiting for her. “Hermione, dear, it’s been so long. I tried chatting with him, but he doesn’t seem too talkative.” Skeeter hugged her, suffocating her with the sweetest perfume Hermione has ever smelled. “Hopefully you can fix the situation.” Hermione sat down next to Marcus, trying to look as natural as possible. “So, you two are the most unexpected and exciting couple lately. Tell me, how did you two fall for each other?” Hermione repeated the story of Flint saving her. “Hermione, you two were seen this weekend fighting. Could you tell us what caused the fight? Perhaps a lover from the past?” Skeeter gave Hermione a small wink “It wasn’t anything serious. Every couple fights, it’s normal. In fact, it was so small, that I can’t even remember what it was about. Can you Marcus?” “Not really.” “Great to hear that everything is well. Could you share your plans for the future Marcus?” There was a very long pause. Hermione began to think that Flint didn’t hear the question when he finally answered. “Umm-I like brooms.” “Quidditch, you mean?” Asked Skeeter. “Yes.” “Amazing. What about you Hermione?” “I’m planning to work in the ministry on the issues of captive house-elves.” “And what about your plans together?” Hermione froze, not knowing what to answer. There was a wedding planned but saying it now would raise too much suspicion. She could imagine the questions about a baby or something of the sort from Rita. Hermione already decided that not having any exact plans or them being a secret would be the best answer when Marcus Flint spoke. “We are planning to move in together this weekend.” Hermione suddenly felt like a bucket of ice-cold water was dumped on her. All the sounds around her blurred into one inaudible noise. 
  Move-in? Is this how Flint decided to fix the situation?
 
  I can’t even last a few hours in the same room with him without fighting. Does he really want himself killed way before the year ends?
 
  Who asked me?

   

  We were supposed to live together only after the marriage, were we?
 “Hermione?” Skeeter had a confused expression on her face. “I just asked you a question, dear.” “I’m sorry, I got distracted with my thoughts. Wasn’t expecting Marcus to break the news so soon.” “Aah, so you wanted to keep this a secret from all of us?” Skeeter waved her finger. “Tell me, what was your reaction when Marcus offered you to move into his house?” “I was very surprised. I just didn’t expect it to happen so soon. But in the end, I’m very happy to be able to spend more time with him. We both can’t wait.” Hermione smiled, hoping that it didn’t look too fake, and glanced at Marcus. He was wearing his annoying smug again. “How sweet. Now, I hope it’s not another secret that I’m asking. What was Harry’s and most importantly Ron’s reaction to this relationship?” 
  Careful. I can’t let anyone know that they are in hiding.

   
“Unfortunately, they weren’t very happy, and we haven’t talked in a while now.” “Do you know if they are still in London? Neither of them has made a public appearance since the battle.” “As far as I’m concerned, they are both in good health. Ron is at home and Harry must still be in the city or with him. I think they both need some rest before going out into the world again.” 
  Good job.
 “So, the Golden-trio is over? This is how this friendship ends?” “I wouldn’t be so harsh. I’m sure they will come around after some time.” “I hope for the same to happen, dear.” Skeeter asked a few more questions, took pictures, and wrapped up the interview. Hermione waited a couple of minutes just to be sure and stood up to leave. “Where are you going? You barely spent any time.” Hermione looked around for hidden cameras or photographers. None of the mentioned above seemed to be present. Still, Hermione decided to be cautious and suppressed her anger. “You really didn’t think that I would stay here after what you just pulled? I was here for the interview, which is now over, so I’m leaving.” Hermione marched out of the doors, proud of herself. She managed not to get into a fight with Flint in front of Skeeter, which was progress for her. However, there was someone that she needed to talk to. Half an hour later Hermione was already sitting in Shacklebolt’s office. “He told Skeeter that we were going to move in together!” “And he was right to do that. Moving in makes this relationship more valid to the public.” “He had no right to do that without asking me first.” “It wasn’t his decision Hermione. He was asked to do so. After what happened this weekend, we were practically forced to take action. Please be more careful the next time that you decide to say everything that’s on your mind. There isn’t much else that we can do to keep this relationship afloat.” Hermione almost choked on air. This was a collective decision, and she wasn’t even included in the discussion. “This means that you can access their plans sooner than we thought. This can be a good thing.” Kingsley said in a lowered voice. There wasn’t anything to say to that, so Hermione returned home empty-handed and annoyed. Her life was being taken away from her even sooner than expected and there wasn’t a single thing that she could do about it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Dear readers,

  I am here to tell you all the details about the relationship between Hermione Granger and Marcus Flint, just as promised. Their story began with Flint’s miraculous rescue of unconscious Hermione from the battlefield. I’m sure that now it’s easy to understand her. Everyone loves a prince in shining armor. 

  When I asked Hermione about the incident last weekend, she shrugged it off, saying that it was nothing, her eyes glistening with guilt. I can’t help but wonder if this story has a different side to it? A side that involves one particular member of the Weasley family…

  Both young people have extremely high ambitions. Marcus Flint passionately talked about his love for quidditch and dreams of joining a professional team someday, while Hermione showed an interest in working for the Ministry. As for their plans for each other, the couple has decided to move in together this weekend. Both were excited to be able to finally live together. If everything goes according to this ratio, we should expect a baby bump around October.

  Unfortunately, not everyone is happy for the couple. Hermione confessed that Harry and Ron took the news badly and apparently cut all ties with her. Will the Golden trio ever reunite?

  Keep in touch for more details,

  Rita Skeeter.

   
A picture below showed Marcus and Hermione sitting next to each other and smiling. It was believable, at least for the people that had no idea.
   
The only good thing about moving in with Flint was that she didn’t have to go on a second date this week. When Hermione told Ginny about having to move out, she took the news better than expected and even promised to visit her regularly if that was possible. The rent was paid until the end of the month, so Hermione left Ginny a spare key, for her to come and stay whenever she wanted to. 
  Friday

   
Hermione walked into Flourish and Blotts, crowded as usual. Flint probably wouldn’t let her into the family library, so she had to get something at least for the next couple of weeks. Hermione started from the section that had books on etiquette and doubtfully took the one with a bright purple cover with the title ‘How to be a perfect housewife. A guide for beginners.’ If she needed to gain Flint’s trust, obedience was somewhere to start. She walked two shelves further and grabbed the first book that had a bright red cover with a title of something along the sides of seducing a man and hurried away from there. Hermione saw a book on healing spells and stacked it on top of the other two. It was the only book of three that interested her. The other two however seemed necessary. She checked whether the spine of the red book had a title on it as well, luckily it didn’t. God forbid someone saw her shopping for books on seduction. Hermione turned around to see a book on the history of house-elves. Pleased to see that at least someone cared enough to write a book about them, she grabbed it too. An hour later Hermione was carrying a tall stack of books that nearly blocked her view. She wanted to get so many more but couldn’t possibly carry even one more book. Hermione turned around the corner, heading to the register, and crashed into a tall figure. The books went flying around the aisle. Malfoy was looking at her with a cold stare. Hermione started picking them up in a hurry. “Have you never heard of a levitation spell?” Malfoy raised a brow. “What’s this?” He bent over and picked up a bright red book.  Hermione could feel her cheeks turn pink as he read the title. “You are already going to marry Flint. Didn’t know you actually wanted to seduce him.” Draco’s jaw tightened. “You have to be the stupidest witch of our age to still want him after all that he’s done.” He threw the book on the floor and walked away. Hermione picked up the rest of the books and walked to the register. Part of her wished that the floor beneath her disappeared and the earth would swallow her for the rest of eternity. The other part however was angry. 
  Since when did Malfoy become a saint?

   

  He should be the last person to judge me. Considering the things that he did during the war he shouldn’t judge me at all.
 
  Saturday

   
Hermione glanced at her packed bags and sat down on the bed. 
  This is it. Last minutes of freedom.

   

  My life hasn’t belonged to me in a while and living with Flint will only make it worse.

   

  I just have to wait for less than thirteen months. 

   

  Thirteen months before the next war.

   

  Thirteen months before I’m temporarily free until someone gives me a new order to take it all away once more.
 Hermione took one last look around the room that already felt like home and stepped out of the door. Ginny has been waiting for her in the living room, nervously picking at her nails. Even though she knew practically nothing, she could still sense Hermione’s nervousness. Ginny hugged her tightly. “Please be careful. Don’t get into any trouble.” She said in a worried tone. Hermione nodded. She couldn’t promise anything. Hermione took the floo powder, tossed it into the fire, and said the address. She stepped out of the chimney into a spacious living room. Marcus was sitting on a sofa right in front of her. “Welcome.” He said with a smug. “Follow me.” They walked into the corridor and turned right, Hermione still carrying her bags. It was a big house, so when they finally reached the furthest door down the corridor, she felt like her hands were going to fall off.Flint opened the door to reveal a very simple bedroom. It was about the same size as the one in the apartment, if not smaller. There was a bed, a table with a chair, a wardrobe and two nightstands. “This is your bedroom. The bathroom is next door. My room is just above yours.” Said Marcus. “This house has rules: breakfast at nine sharp, no guests, and no opening doors that are locked. Don’t bother me if I’m in my study room and never go inside of it whether the door is locked or open.” He walked away, leaving Hermione alone. It sure was going to be a long year. She reached into her bag and felt something prick her finger. With everything that was going on she completely forgot about the dagger and must’ve accidentally packed it with her clothes. Hermione carefully hid it in a compartment of her bag and began unpacking her clothes. She spent the rest of the day reading a book on healing. A loud noise distracted her from reading. A house-elf was standing in front of her and curiously eyeing Hermione. “My name is Tonry. Master has sent me to tell you that dinner is ready.” Hermione followed the poor creature to the other side of the house into a dining room. Flint was already eating. She sat down to see a plate with a steak and some salad on it. Next to it was a glass of red wine. Hermione could have sworn that the wine was the same one as in the Coral. Marcus was watching her, waiting for a reaction, an outburst. Something to give him a right to insult her. “How do you like your dinner?” He asked. “Smells wonderful.” “I thought you said that you liked chicken.” Hermione had to give herself a minute to breathe slowly, clutched her cutlery, and replied calmly. “I changed my mind. The food looks delicious.” Flint nodded his head in an approving matter and continued to chew. “I forgot to add. You mustn’t leave the house more than once a week, twice in case of an emergency.” Hermione threw an angry stare at Marcus. “It wasn’t my decision.” He raised his hands. 
  He’s just trying to provoke me.

   
One more deep breath. “It’s fine. I wasn’t planning on going out anyway.” Hermione smiled. The steak turned out to be great, however, the fact of having to agree with Flint added a slight bitterness to the taste. After finishing his meal, he left without saying a word. The next day was exactly the same. Tonry appeared at nine and invited Hermione to breakfast. After that, she spent a few hours reading and exploring the house. Hermione had no idea where to start but the study room that Marcus Flint mentioned seemed to fit the description. A room that she must never visit could only contain one thing. Hermione searched for it for the rest of the day fruitlessly. She counted 6 locked doors and 15 unlocked. All of them were tea rooms, ballrooms, bedrooms, and bathrooms. One of the closed rooms was probably the library, the rest were unknown. The day after that she finally found it. Hermione was already walking away from a locked door when she heard it open, Flint walking out of the room. “I thought that I told you to stay away from my study room.” He said in a harsh tone, locking the door. “I’m sorry, I had no idea.” She tried to keep a straight face. That night Hermione went to bed in a good mood, it was the first progress that she’s made in weeks. All she needed to do now was wait for Marcus to leave the house. For the next couple of days, Marcus was in the house. They barely spoke to each other, but Hermione already started to notice a pattern that bothered her. The more she stayed in the house, was obedient, and didn’t cause trouble, the more Marcus got prideful and confident in his actions. He didn’t give her any exact reasons in his words, but Hermione could see it in his body language and the way that he worded his sentences. 
  Thursday

   
Hermione was reading a quite useful passage on spells that instantly closed deep wounds when Tonry appeared in her room. “Dinner is ready Ms.Granger.” “Please come back when Marcus is done eating. I would like to dine alone.” “No need Miss, Master has left an hour ago to meet with his friends. He will be home late, so I made dinner only for you.” Hermione made a note to herself to go to the study room after dinner and see if the door has any protective charms on it. “I heard that Miss likes chicken, so I made it for you.” “Thank you so much, Tonry.” Hermione smiled. “Miss shouldn’t thank Tonry. Tonry was doing his job.” She was planning to send an anonymous resume to the Ministry after all the gossip about the wedding dies down. She mentally put Tonry on top of the list of elves that she would free. Despite the short amount of time that she spent in this house, Hermione has already seen bruises on Tonry’s body multiple times. 
  Such a sweet creature does not deserve to be beaten and treated as an object.

   
Hermione sat down at the dining table and saw a small roasted chicken. Next to it was a dish with salad and a small saucer with lemon dressing. It was the first night that she enjoyed dinner at Flint’s house. Whether it was the beautifully prepared chicken or the absence of the host. After dinner, Hermione walked to the door of the study room and pointed her wand at it. There were multiple protecting spells on it. A simple Alohomora wouldn’t do the job here. Even if she managed to open the door with magic force, it would immediately signal to Marcus. Hermione would have to deactivate the spells one by one before entering. There was too little time, it was already eleven. Marcus could return any minute. Who knew how long it would take to break all the spells and Hermione would still need some time to explore the room and activate the spells back on her way out. Hermione decided to postpone her break-in and study the spells on the door in the meantime. Pity that the books she brought didn’t exactly qualify on the spells that she saw but Hermione was sure that she could still find something. She was thinking of the ways that she could deactivate the protecting spells when she turned into a corridor leading to her room. She saw Marcus standing next to her door. Even from a distance, she could tell that he was severely drunk. Flint couldn’t even stand straight on his legs. “Mudblood.” His smile was predatory. The blood in Hermione’s veins froze, as she slowly backed down away from him. The word that she hasn’t heard in weeks now, echoed in her ears. She could almost feel the place on her arm where it was carved start to burn. It was silly to think that she could still feel it. The scar had already turned from pink to white and was starting to fade, thanks to the spells and ointments she used on it. But if you knew what to look for the word Mudblood was still visible on her arm. “Do you want to play catch with me, mudblood?” He chuckled, as he saw Hermione take a few steps back. The only place that she felt half-safe was her bedroom. It was blocked by Marcus. Even if she tried to hide, where would she go? “Fine, I’ll play. But the prize better be worth it.” Hermione began to run. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione was running out of breath. She wouldn’t last much longer. She had to find a place to hide. Heavy steps behind her echoed through the corridors behind her, forcing her heart to beat faster, forcing her to move. Hermione turned left only to find herself in a dead-end. She already knew that all four doors here were locked and felt panic rise inside of her. “Alohomora” She pointed her wand at the nearest door and ran inside. Hermione leaned onto the door, trying to hear the footsteps. It was quiet. She turned around to make out where she was. It was dark but the tall windows let in some light from the garden lights outside. The room appeared to be the family library with multiple bookshelves that she could hide behind. “Where are you little mudblood?” Hermione shivered. Flint was right on the other side of the door. He walked to the door on the opposite side and tried the handle. Hermione rushed to the bookshelves, quickly found a spot in the dark, and sat down. Just in time for the door to open. Hermione felt like screaming. But she couldn’t move, she could barely breathe as she was clutching her wand in a shaking hand, waiting for the impending doom. “Lumos.” Marcus said quietly and walked to the bookshelves. Hermione pointed out her wand, as she saw light behind the shelves slowly approach her. She silently stood up, ready to attack. Marcus appeared in the aisle, the light from his wand blinding Hermione. Hermione sent a stunner in his direction but missed. “Expelliarmus!” 
   
Hermione’s wand flew out of her hand and to Flint’s feet. Her heart sank. “Dare to pick it up?” Hermione stood quietly, thoughts racing through her mind. “I thought I told you not to go into the rooms that are locked.” She had to come up with a plan but nothing useful came to mind. “Didn’t I tell you?” Marcus raised his voice. “Yes, you did…” Only after saying those words, she realized how quiet and unsure she sounded. “Then why am I finding you in my library which was locked?” He took a step in her direction. Hermione tried to step away but the wall behind was closer than she thought. “It doesn’t matter now. I caught you and I will take my prize.” Marcus said in a lowered tone, as he walked towards her. An impulse struck Hermione and a picture from the book on hand-to-hand combat came to mind. She hit Marcus in the center of his ribcage with all her strength. He moaned in pain, his wand falling to the floor as he bent over. Her hand raced to his wand but was caught midway. Flint picked up his wand and hit her with a spell. She flew with her back into the wall and hit her head against it. All the air escaped from her lungs, pain shot through her spine and numbed her limbs. Hermione slowly slid down to the floor, small dots dancing in her eyes.Flint approached her slowly as a predator did with its prey. He knew that there was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. He sat down in front of her, sliding his hand up her leg and then her thigh. “Please…don’t.” Hermione struggled to speak, feeling a lump in her throat. “Why not? It was a fair game and I caught you.” He unzipped her sweatshirt. Hermione was wearing a T-shirt under it but suddenly felt like she was naked. She was too weak, her arms and legs still hurt from the impact, bolts of lightning were shooting through her spine. Hermione wasn’t sure that she could walk.With a quick movement, Flint tore the fabric of her T-shirt, leaving her breasts only covered with a bra. He grabbed her breast with force, causing pain. Marcus leaned in for a kiss, his breath reeking of alcohol and cigarettes.Hermione shoved him away with the last bit of strength left, it wasn’t a hard push, but Flint was drunk enough to fall on his side. She stood up, ignoring the pain, and grabbed her wand. If she started a duel now, she would lose without a doubt. Hermione limped to the door, she was slower this time, too slow. She didn’t bother with closing the door behind her, running past it. “You’re going to regret this mudblood!” Yelled Marcus, his steps getting closer. Suddenly the footsteps behind her stopped, Hermione, turned around still running. Marcus was leaning on the wall with his hand and bending over to throw up. She turned another corner without having to see what was about to happen and rushed to her door, adrenaline pumping through her veins once again. Hermione shut the door and locked it, she knew that it wasn’t enough and cast protecting spells. They weren’t complicated, they were the first ones that came to mind, but she knew that Flint was too drunk to analyze and deactivate them. Still feeling like he could get inside her room; Hermione moved the table to block the door. There wasn’t anything else to possibly do, so she climbed on the bed, hugged her knees, and stared at the door.Soon the banging started, it sounded like Marcus was trying to break the door down.Hermione tried telling herself that the spells will hold but still felt fright with each bang. It lasted an eternity, that couldn’t have been longer than ten minutes. “I will get you! Do you hear me filthy mudblood? I will get you and let the whole world know what I will do to you!” A minute later there was an apparition sound, and the house went silent. Hermione couldn’t move, she just sat and looked at the door like she was hypnotized. The adrenaline in her blood started to wear off and pain flowed back into her life. Except for this time the hand that she hit Marcus with started to hurt too. Hermione looked down to see it turn red and pressed it to her chest. She bit her lip, knowing that it wasn’t supposed to look like that, and felt something wet fall on her arm. Hermione touched her face with the other hand, realizing that it was tears. 
  Was I crying the entire time?
 Hermione knew that she had to go to sleep or at least change her clothes and figure out what to do with her back and hand. But she couldn’t force herself to move even an inch. She just sat in the same spot for hours reliving her nightmare and trying to figure out what to do. The sky was already turning a pale shade of grayish-blue when Hermione drifted off to sleep. She woke up past noon and felt something cold under her back and on her forehead. Tonry must’ve put an ice pack and a wet towel there while she was asleep. Her legs were buzzing from all the running, and she could feel a headache growing. “Miss has finally woken up. Tonry is going to make breakfast now.” With a loud sound, he was gone. Hermione had to force herself out of the bed. Every movement caused an unpleasant sensation in her back. Her entire body felt sore and cramped. Hermione took off the ripped clothes and tossed them on the floor. She could never see herself wearing them again. She dressed in the most covering clothes that she had despite the weather being warm and moved the table back to where it belonged. Hermione stood in front of the door, unsure. She wasn’t ready to face Marcus after yesterday, she couldn’t face anyone. Hermione felt numb and tired but decided that food will only do good for her. She was alone in the dining room but noticed a second set of dishes across the table. Hermione felt her heart skip a beat. It was too late to turn back now, so she sat down and began eating quickly, listening carefully to every noise.The doors opened and Marcus walked in, reading a paper. Hermione tensed and clutched her wand under the table. He didn’t even notice her glancing furiously for a while. “What are you staring at? Do you want to repeat our little game mudblood?” He said without even raising his eyes from the Prophet. Hermione threw the cutlery on the table and marched out of the dining room. She slammed the door of her room behind her, feeling her blood boil. She focused on adding new spells to the door, trying to calm herself down. A plan was forming in her head. A plan to kill Marcus. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  I can’t do this anymore. I won’t last a year.

   

  Being aggressive provokes him and so does being obedient.

   

  If I don’t kill him, he will.

   

  Maybe if I gather everything that is in the study room it will be enough for the Order…
 Hermione knew exactly what to do. She would break into the study room the next time that Flint leaves the house, send it to the Order, and kill him. Exactly in that order. If she tries to kill him before sending an owl to Kingsley and fails, all this suffering would be for nothing. She just had to figure out which way would be best. Magic or not?Hermione spent the rest of the day studying this plan in her head. It had flaws, many of them but she couldn’t wait any longer. It was either her or him. She was headed to the dining hall for dinner when Flint appeared in the corridor. Hermione waited for him to attack, to provoke, to stare. He did neither. Marcus hurried past her, shoving her out of the way. “Move, I’m going to an important meeting.” He didn’t look at her and walked out of the front door. Hermione watched out of the window as he reached the apparition point across a small field and walked in the opposite direction of the dining hall. She didn’t know how long Death-Eater meetings lasted but it sure wasn’t something quick. It might be the only opportunity in a while, and she couldn’t wait. Hermione dealt with the protection spells in under twenty minutes and pushed the door open. She couldn’t help but gasp. The room was filled with parchments, they were everywhere. Stacks on the table, scrolls in cabinets, and on the shelves. Some of them were so old that they had dust on them. It would take multiple hours to find something useful. She walked in, unsure where to start. The dusty scrolls were definitely irrelevant but what about the rest? Hermione decided that the table would most likely contain recent information. She quickly looked through papers and found nothing useful. Hermione bent over and opened a drawer full of letters, starting to worry that maybe this room was just a distraction. Or a trap?Until she found something. Marcus Flint,You have been doing well on your assessment. Here are your instructions about the girl. I’m sure it would bring great pleasure for you to… Hermione heard a floorboard creak behind her. Her heart dropped as she turned around to see who it was. After that, the world went pitch black. She opened her eyes to find herself in her room on the bed. Hermione reached her hand to rub her eyes only to find out that she’s unable to.  Her arms and legs were tied to the posts of the bed. She began panicking and looking around the room to find something to help her. “Ah, so you’re awake.” Flint stood up from his chair, his arms behind his back. Hermione felt the blood in her veins freeze. “What are you doing? Let me go, you psychopath! I thought that you were all about the fair game.” Marcus chuckled. “You see, I’m not here to have sex with you. If you have forgotten, I found you digging around in my study room. The one that I specifically told you not to go in.” He walked around her bed to her. “And what upset me the most is that you had the audacity to go through my drawers, containing particularly private information.” Hermione tried to move her limbs, but they were tied tightly. So tight, that she started to worry about her blood circulation. “Did you really think I’m that stupid? I didn’t put the charms just on the door, the drawer that you opened had them too.” 
  How could I have been so stupid?

   

  I was in such a hurry that didn’t even check for any other charms.

   
“I’ve been thinking what to do with you while you were out. And lucky me. Look what I found in your things.” Flint showed her his hands. He was holding a black dagger. Hermione’s heart skipped a beat. Whatever he was about to do would harm her. He knew that she would report him to the Order immediately, which meant only one thing. She is never going to leave the room. “Now I would ask you why you brought this to my house and how did you get such an expensive thing. But you interrupted me in the middle of an important meeting, so I’ll have to be quick.” Hermione tried to free herself once again. Fruitlessly. “You won’t get away with something like this. The Order will look for me, people will notice that I’m missing.” “I thought the same too.” Marcus bent over and cut off a large strand of her hair with the dagger. “This should be enough for poly-juice potions to daily appear with you in public for months. By the time that I will run out of them, you’ll be long gone.” He tossed her hair onto the bedside table. Hermione realized that this was the moment that she dies. He was right, with her living in his house, no one would notice a difference in a picture in the Prophet. The Order would only be glad if she started to act obediently out of nowhere. “Now, I don’t have much time, so this should be quick.” Marcus made the first cut on her hand. The dagger went through the skin like it was warm butter. Flint made a cut on her leg and walked to the other side of the bed. He looked at the word carved on her hand for a few moments. “Since you’re already dying. Who made it?” “Go to hell, Marcus.” He rolled his eyes and made another cut, then did the same with her leg. He threw the bloody dagger on the bed and looked at his work. “I might go there one day. But you sure are going to get there sooner.” “I doubt that we are going to the same place, you piece of shit.” He was already walking through the door when he turned around and spoke. “See you in a few hours. Oh, right, you won’t.” He smiled and slammed the door. Hermione never thought that she would die like this. She always imagined it to be on the battlefield or of old age, surrounded by grandkids. This was a stupid death of a stupid person. Either Flint was actually dumb or just wanted to stretch it out. He missed all the main arteries that would make a person bleed out in under three minutes. But the cuts were deep enough for her to die, it would just take longer and would be more painful. Hermione looked at the white sheets slowly turning red, feeling tired. She tried not to panic, as it would cause her heart to beat faster. 
  What am I even saving my strength for? 

   

  No one is going to come and save me.

   

  I’m in the middle of nowhere.
 She stared at the wall, examining the patterns of the wallpaper. Her eyes slowly followed every curve and petal of flowers. The room was getting hotter, or was it just her? Hermione felt beads of sweat form on her forehead. After a little, she was covered in sweat, begging for someone to open the window. 
  How strange… I’m about to die and I want someone to open a window for me…
 Suddenly realization kicked in. 
  I am about to die, and I haven’t done a single thing that was useful in the past weeks.

   

  I wish I said a proper goodbye to Harry and Ron.

   

  Ginny is going to be so worried when she finds out, she doesn’t have the boys by her side to help her.

   

  I should have never agreed to this.
 Hermione’s heart was pounding. She regretted almost every decision that led up to this day in her life. 
  I shouldn’t have let Ron go when we were hunting for Horcruxes.

   

  I should have killed Flint the moment I got my wand back.

   

  I should have told Malfoy how I truly felt about Marcus, how he harassed me. He was the only one that I could talk to.

   

  My life was a train wreck.
 Hermione closed her eyes as a strong headache hit in. At this point, she didn’t know whether it was from blood loss or an echo from hitting it yesterday. She heard ringing in her ears, accompanied by white noise. She opened her eyes only to find the room blurry and spinning like crazy. The noise was getting louder, as the room was fading to darkness. 
  Oh, so I am dying…

  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione was gaining and losing her consciousness. First, she heard someone scream her name, the voice was full of terror and grief. She tried to lift her eyelids to see who it was, but they turned into heavy stones. The next time she felt that someone was carrying her. There were no thoughts in her head, all she could do was observe for a few seconds before sinking back into the abyss. When she finally opened her eyes, a ray of sunshine from the window blinded her. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut and tried to lift her hand against the sunshine. She couldn’t. A sudden wave of panic took over her. Her eyes shot open, and she turned her head to look at her hand. It took much more strength than she expected to perform such a simple action. Her hand was free and lying above the blanket. The spot where Flint made the cut now turned into a thin pink line. Ironically, it crossed over the word Mudblood. She just couldn’t move it. Hermione gathered all her will and lifted her finger only an inch above the bed. Moments later it dropped down. Hermione’s thoughts felt like porridge, all in one pile, too slow and impossible to separate one from another. Her eyes scanned the room. All she knew that it wasn’t Flint’s house and most probably a hospital. Relieved, she closed her eyes and immediately fell asleep. The next time that Hermione woke up was at sunset, or was it dawn?She still felt weak but after checking her hand, she noticed that she could slowly move it. The door opened, the sound of it sending millions of small darts in her head. Hermione closed her eyes, hoping that it would relieve the pain. When she opened them again, she saw Ginny sitting next to her on a chair. She looked like she hadn’t slept properly in days, blueish eyebags and pale skin made her look sick. “Hermione.” Her face gained an expression. “You woke up.” Tears started to stream down Ginny’s face, she wiped them away with a smile. “I was so scared for you. Don’t worry, you’re safe now. You’ve been unconscious for the past three days. I thought that you would never wake up. The doctors said that you’ll be fine, but I was just so afraid” She started to cry. “I’m okay now.” Hermione’s throat was sore and raspy. She tried to do the math, but her brain just wouldn’t listen. “What day is it?” “It’s Tuesday, 26th of May.” “Can I get some water?” “Yes, sure. I’ve been talking and completely forgot. You’re probably hungry. Do you want some food?” Hermione nodded. Only after Ginny mentioned food, she realized that she was practically starving. Hermione closed her eyes and rested until Ginny came back. She helped her sit up and placed a tray in front of Hermione. A bowl of oatmeal smelled like cinnamon and had baked apple sprinkled on top, next to it was a mug of earl grey tea. Hermione felt her mouth water and almost cried when she took her first bite. Ginny silently watched her eat, smiling. Hermione felt much better after eating and even found some strength in her to ask questions. “What happened? How did I get here?” “Well, I got an owl in the middle of the night, that you were in St. Mungos. Of course, I came here immediately and found Malfoy in the corridor. He wasn’t pleased to see me. I think he expected me to come in the morning. He was the one that brought you in. We both waited for a few hours while you were in treatment. As soon as the doctors said that you were safe, he left.” “What was he doing in Flint’s house?” “He said that he came there to check up on him, couldn’t find anyone and then he saw you.” 
  Flint was going to a Death-Eater meeting. Malfoy would know that for sure. Why did he lie?

   
“Where is Flint?” “Son of a bitch is dead. He’s lucky that he isn’t alive, I would rip him to shreds one by one.” “What happened?” “When he left you to die, he apparated to a forest and got mauled by some animal or creature. It’s hard to tell from what was left.” Hermione swallowed slowly. 
  Does that mean I’m free?

   
“I’ll call the doctor now.” Ginny stood up and left. A witch spent almost half an hour examining her. In the end, she concluded that nothing was threatening Hermione’s life and that she could go home tomorrow if she promised to stay in bed. Ginny came back and sat on her chair. “You should go home Gin, you look exhausted. You can come to pick me up tomorrow.” “What about you?” “I’m feeling fine, I’m just constantly tired and my head hurts but it’s nothing dangerous.” Finally, Ginny left, and Hermione went to sleep. She couldn’t wait to come home and send owls with questions to Kingsley. The next day Hermione still had a headache and was feeling weak. Except for this time her weakness reminded her of how it felt being sick, rather than almost dying. Ginny picked her up at noon and they went to Hermione’s apartment. She tried to tell Ginny that she could walk but was completely ignored and escorted to her bed. A few minutes later Ginny came back with mint tea and Hermione’s bag. “I didn’t go through it, but I think that there are books inside. Do you want to read something?” “Not now, just leave it here.” “Okay, make sure you get some rest. I’ll check up on you in an hour, call me if you need everything. I’ll be in the living room.” As soon as Ginny closed the door, Hermione opened the bag. There was a low chance, but she still wanted to check. She wasn’t wrong. The dagger was lying at the bottom of her bag, pristine clean. 
  Why does this thing keep following me?

   

  Did Malfoy put it there? Who else could?

   

  But why? Why didn’t he take it back?

   

  Is he trying to frame me for a crime or something? Why would he leave such an expensive thing?
 There seemed to be no explanation for his behavior. Hermione opened a book and dived into its contents. Loud noises distracted her after some time. Someone was speaking in very high tones. Hermione listened closely, of course; it was Ginny. She slid off her bed and walked to the door. Her brows shot up when she saw who Ginny was arguing with. Weasley and Malfoy simultaneously went quiet and turned their heads at her. “What are you doing out of bed? You still haven’t healed completely.” “I need to speak to you, Hermione.” Hermione raised a brow, eyeing a bouquet of flowers in his hand. “I already told you no. Have you gone deaf? She needs to rest” “Gin, it’s fine. Come in.” Hermione sat down on her bed as Ginny and Malfoy walked into her room. “I need to speak to her alone.” “Don’t even think about it. The fact that you brought her to the hospital doesn’t mean that I trust you even one bit.” “Ginny, please.” “I’ll check on you every ten minutes. Everything that happens to her will happen to you.” Malfoy waited until she closed the door and took out his wand. “What are you doing?” Hermione moved away from him, feeling her heart beating faster. “I’m just casting a Muffliato spell. Your friend doesn’t need to hear what we’re going to talk about.” Hermione relaxed a bit, reminding herself that Ginny was just behind the door. Malfoy wouldn’t dare to do anything to her here. He cleared his throat, gaining her attention. “This is for you.” He handed her a bouquet of roses. Hermione raised a brow in suspicion. Something wasn’t right. “What did you want to talk about?” “So, I don’t even get a thank you Malfoy, you saved my life and brought me flowers?” He smirked. Hermione rolled her eyes, grabbed the flowers from him, and placed them on the bed. “Thank you for the flowers and saving me, Malfoy. Now would you be so kind and explain what are you doing in my apartment? How did you even get the address?” “Not so fast. There are a few things that I need to tell you first. I’m sure you already understand that Marcus Flint’s death brings a couple of complications into your arrangement.” “What kind of complications?” “If you thought that you are free now, you were wrong. His untimely passing has forced everyone to find a new groom. Things would have been different if you were already married but since the public knows nothing, this show still goes on.” Hermione’s heart sank, deep inside she knew that it wouldn’t be as simple as that. But confirmation of her deepest, hidden thoughts was still upsetting. “Don’t worry, this time the Order made sure that you will be safe. There was a whole scandal that you missed. At first, you were blamed for Flint’s death…” “Me?! I almost died myself!” Hermione interrupted him. “I know, so after I found you unconscious all the accusations stopped. You were sort of lucky to be half-dead, otherwise, you would risk starting a new war on accident.” Hermione glanced at him angrily. “You don’t seem too upset about your friend’s death.” “You don’t seem upset yourself.” He calmly replied. Hermione scoffed. “He had it coming.” “Oh, so maybe the accusations were right?” Malfoy raised a brow. “You personally know that it’s physically impossible. And why would I be upset over the death of someone that left me to bleed out? The question is why you aren’t grieving over your friend’s death and come prancing in here with flowers.” His facial expression hardened. There wasn’t a trace of humor left in him. He was just like Hermione remembered him in the Great Hall. Emotionless and cold. “Because he wasn’t a friend.” “Right, how often do you go to bars with strangers?” “It was the first time that we met outside of school. Everyone thought that he was willing to make up for all the years that he’s been an asshole. Instead, he brought you there to show off.” 
  Of course, who would have thought that he did this for anything else?

   

  Very classy of you, Flint.
 They both went quiet for a while. Hermione broke the silence first. “Who is the new groom?” She asked, feeling the dread of having to be exposed to a new sadist take over her. He stayed silent, studying her with his eyes. Something reflected in them. Was it despair? Hermione couldn’t understand it and in a matter of seconds, he put his mask back on, leaving her without an answer. “Haven’t you guessed already?” Malfoy’s jaw tightened as he looked away. “No…” Hermione whispered in fear. 
  It can’t be him.

   

  Please, let it be someone except Draco Malfoy.

   

  The fact that he was nice to me once doesn’t cancel the fact that he’s a monster.

   

  He killed numerous people during the war.

   

  If Flint was stupid and managed to pull off all those things, I’m practically sentenced now.

   
“So, you decided to bring me flowers to gloss over the fact that we’re getting married?” “They were actually for the Prophet, to take a picture of me near your house. Besides, it wasn’t my decision, I didn’t get to choose.” “Get out.” The door opened, Ginny’s head appeared, suspiciously looking at Malfoy. “Everything okay in here?” “Yes, Malfoy was just leaving.” 
  
    Chapter Text
    As soon as Ginny closed the door behind Malfoy, she rushed to Hermione’s room. “What was this all about? Did he bring you flowers?” Said Ginny as her eyes caught the roses on the bed. “You can throw them in the trash, I don’t want them.” Hermione handed her the flowers. “Why would I? These are perfectly okay. Even if it’s from a shitty man, it’s a nice gift. What did you two talk about?” “He just asked me about my health, so nothing much.” “And that was it?” Ginny narrowed her eyes. “It hasn’t been a week since Flint died and another ex-Death-Eater is already at your doorstep. You’re almost like a magnet for them.” “I really hope it’s not true. I’m sort of tired Gin, do you mind if I go to sleep?” “Sure, rest all you want. If you need something…” “You’ll be in the living room or your room. I know. Thank you, Gin” Hermione smiled. Unfortunately, she didn’t get to rest long. Kingsley came over shortly after Malfoy left and demanded a private chat as well. Hermione felt anger boiling inside of her when she saw Shacklebolt. He was part of the reason why she was left to die. Why she had to endure all the abuse and assault. He never provided protection or a backup plan. He took her for granted. Even a Death-Eater treated her better than the Order. Hermione cast Muffliato as soon as they were alone. “What are you doing?” “A little trick I learned from a friend. Go on.” “You did well on your task with Flint. Unfortunately, we didn’t know what he was capable of.” “Well? I did fucking great!” Her voice trembled with anger. “I did an amazing job, while you couldn’t even make sure that I don’t die!” “We are all glad that you are safe now. I promise that this time we won’t let anything of the sort happen. If you start to feel uncomfortable just tell us and a person from the Order will be carefully following you on dates. It will be done very discreetly. Malfoy won’t even notice that he’s being watched.” “And when I move in with him? Will a person from the Order also be carefully following me around the Manor?” Kingsley shook his head in disappointment at her tone. “You will move in only a couple of days before the wedding, end of June or beginning of July. We will be checking up on you regularly with owls.” “And what if he kills me and answers those letters?” “We will still see each other regularly. I will immediately know that something is wrong if you don’t show up for a meeting with me.” “I could be dead for multiple days at that point.” Hermione snorted. “This is all that the Order can do.” “Well, it’s not enough.” “I thought that when you agreed to this, you realized that it wasn’t going to be a vacation. You haven’t gotten any information from Flint, even though you stayed at his house for over a week.” “I almost died getting that information.” “Tell me, what happened that night?” Hermione told Kingsley about getting into Flint’s study room and what happened after. She couldn’t shake off the feeling that he came over just to get a report, not to ask her how she felt after losing almost a gallon of blood. “Malfoy will contact you in a couple of days when you will be healed. Be careful Hermione, you don’t get a third chance at things like this.” With those words, Kingsley left. 
  The next day
 Hermione woke up to see the Prophet next to her. Ginny must’ve left it while she was still sleeping. Hermione opened it to find a picture of Malfoy standing next to her apartment building, holding a bouquet of roses. 
  Dear readers,

  After shocking news about the death of Marcus Flint, who we knew as Hermione Granger’s boyfriend, I’m here with a true sensation. Draco Malfoy was spotted on the doorstep of what we believe is Hermione’s house holding flowers. What could it possibly mean? Was Draco just trying to get Hermione through tough times after the death of her boyfriend? Or is there a romance between them? If so, how long has this been going on for?

  Keep in touch for more details,

  Rita Skeeter
 Hermione didn’t even bother to react. She was way too fed up with fake articles to waste her time on them. The next couple of days were mundane and boring. Hermione spent almost the entire day in bed, reading. This time she studied the healing spells with extra precision. She finished the entire thing in under two days. It seemed that the author had written a second tome and Hermione decided to get it as soon as she could. Meanwhile, she was left with books on etiquette and seduction. She definitely wasn’t planning on seducing Malfoy. Obedience didn’t get her anywhere good but perhaps some rules on behaving at dinner parties and galas wouldn’t hurt. Hermione opened the bright purple book reluctantly and flipped through pages. 
  Greet him with a warm smile and show sincerity in your desire to please him.

  Don’t complain if he’s late for dinner or even if he stays out all night. Count this as minor compared to what he might have gone through at work.

  Make him comfortable. Have him lean back in a comfortable chair or lie him down in the bedroom. 
  Have a cool or warm drink ready for him.
Hermione scoffed. She was not going to wait for Malfoy if he is late. And she was definitely not going to be desiring to meet him. She turned over the page.
  Speak in a low, soothing, and pleasant voice.

  Don’t ask him questions about his actions or question his judgment or integrity. Remember, he is the master of the house and as such will always exercise his will with fairness and truthfulness. 
  You have no right to question him.

  A good wife always knows her place.

  Say "Yes"
 Hermione slammed the book shut. It was practically a handbook to slavery. And she was no slave. Her experience with Marcus has taught her that no number of tears is going to fix a situation. This time, when push comes to shove, she will be prepared. An owl distracted her from the grim thoughts. 
  Hermione Granger,

  The Coral 5:30, Saturday.

  Draco Malfoy

   

  What is so wrong with The Coral? It seems to attract the worst kinds of people…

   

  Maybe it’s for the best that I never went there with my friends. I wouldn’t want this place to associate with them.

   

  Saturday
 Hermione climbed the stairs, mentally preparing for what was about to happen. Flashbacks of Marcus sliding his hand up her thigh, Skeeter asking too many questions and Flint telling about moving-in flooded her memory. 
  He’s dead, he can’t hurt me.

   

  But Malfoy isn’t.

   

  Not yet…
 Hermione pushed the door only to find Malfoy standing in front of her. He was dressed in a dark blue suit, and she couldn’t help but note to herself that it looked good on him. “Good evening, Granger.” “Evening, Malfoy.” “Our table is on the terrace, I thought you wouldn’t find it.” The table was next to the railing with flowers overlooking the street. It was so peaceful and beautiful, that Hermione for a moment forgot who she was with and why. “What made you choose Coral?” “The Order asked for it.” Hermione raised a brow. The Order sure did have strange preferences.The rest of the evening Malfoy stayed silent. He seemed to be very concentrated on something going on in his head and Hermione didn’t feel like distracting him from it. In fact, he was so distant that Hermione felt like she was alone. 
  Better for me.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  It’s been a week since she was released from the hospital. A boring week, full of restrictions and a disappointingly small number of things to do. Hermione didn’t bother to read the Prophet. She already knew that the article would be filled with speculations about her relationship with Draco Malfoy and gossip about Ron and what his reaction was. Whenever thoughts about her future took over, Hermione tried to find something to do. It always helped her clear her mind and sort her thoughts out. Not now. Hermione often found herself rereading the same page multiple times because her thoughts constantly kept distracting her. There wasn’t anything else to do. Ginny took over all the cooking and house chores until Hermione was healthy and refused to listen to any explanations. So, when on Wednesday she agreed that a week was enough for her to rest, Hermione was very pleased. Even the fact that she had a ‘date’ with Malfoy tonight couldn’t bring her down.

   

  This time they met at a different restaurant, posh as always. Malfoy was the same. Serious, emotionless but polite, cold, and distanced. Hermione didn’t give much of her attention to it. It was best if they interacted as little as possible for her.

   

  When on Saturday Malfoy seemed indifferent again Hermione began to think that it was something to do with her. Or her blood status to be more precise.

   

  
    Of course, he doesn’t care about this whole thing.
  

  
     
  

  
    He probably hates it. He’s forced to be with someone that is not pureblood. 
  

  
     
  

  
    Not good enough for his aristocratic taste.
  

  
     
  

  
    And why should I care? The less he pays attention to me, the better.
  

  
     
  

  
    A smaller chance to be left to bleed out to death…
  

  
    The next day
  

  Ginny ran into Hermione’s room with an envelope in her hands, squeaking from excitement.

   

  “It’s from Harry and Ron!”

   

  “Did you read it?”

   

  “No, I want to open it with you.”

   

  
    Gin,
  

  
    Sorry for not writing earlier. I don’t know how long it takes to deliver this but as soon as Kingsley provided us with a way to communicate, I decided to write to you. We both miss you and Hermione. We are safe and comfortable, although Ron is constantly mumbling about the variety of food that we get. They don’t tell us how much longer we will stay here but I’m hoping to see you soon. How are you? How is everyone else? Ron is begging me to ask about how Fred and George’s shop is going. 
  

  
    See you soon,
  

  
    Harry
  

  
     
  

  The rest of the day Ginny was almost flying from happiness. She kept discussing different parts of the letter and almost immediately wrote a reply, which she sent to Kingsley. Hermione couldn’t help but feel a sting of jealousy. She didn’t receive a letter from Ron, he didn’t even bother to write something to her in Harry’s letter, he seemed more interested in the twin’s shop. She tried to swat away the nasty feeling, knowing that she was going to marry Malfoy by the end of this month. It’s best if Ron doesn’t care now, than being unable to even explain later.

   

  The entire month of June flew by quickly. There was only a week before July and Hermione began to stay up late more often. She felt like every day that she did nothing useful was a wasted drop of freedom before the unknown. Malfoy stayed as cold as he was on their first date and Hermione began to worry about how realistic their relationship looked to the public. But when she opened the Prophet for the first time in days, she found out that Skeeter ate it up. The article was blooming with gossip about the newest pair in London. 

   

  Even though Malfoy was always polite to her and seemed to be well-mannered there was something wrong with him. Hermione struggled to figure it out until it struck her on one of their dates. Malfoy has lost all his humor and irony. He dreaded this marriage as well. Perhaps, he was even counting down days until the inevitable as she did.

   

  So, when he finally spoke on their date, Hermione was very surprised.

   

  “There is only a week left until July. I suppose that you will soon receive directions about moving in with me. I don’t know the exact date of the wedding yet myself, but it will be held in the Manor. In terms of your safety, I promise that I will never do anything even close to what Marcus did.”

   

  He said it in such a tone, that Hermione got suspicious whether Malfoy knew something besides his attempt to kill her. She decided to keep her thoughts to herself.

   

  “I know that you would never harm me.”

   

  “No need to lie. You did doubt it, as you should. Don’t you think I haven’t noticed that guy following us on every date?” He turned around and nodded his head towards the person that The Order sent.

   

  Hermione could only swallow and slowly nod.

  Malfoy was right, the next day she received an owl from Kingsley. 

   

  
    Hermione,
  

  
    I’m sure you realize that June is almost over. Therefore, you’ll to move into Malfoy Manor on the 27th of June. The wedding will be held less than a week after that. The reason we want you to move in prior is to study the house. It will raise suspicion amongst some guests if you won’t be able to find your way around the house. You are allowed to choose the exact date yourselves, along with dealing with decoration, most of the guest list and entertainments.
  

  
    Kingsley Shacklebolt
  

   

  It was even harder to leave her apartment this time. Hermione already got used to living with Ginny and her cozy little room. She started packing her bags reluctantly when she came across the dagger once more.

   

  
    It would be strange to return it to him after all this time.
  

  
     
  

  
    Perhaps there’s a display in the house that it is missing from
  
  .

   

  
    That way there shouldn’t be a problem with placing it back quietly and never thinking about it again.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  June 27th
 Hermione stepped out of the chimney into an empty spacious room. Her heart started to beat faster when she realized what this room was. The floor has been changed to stone with a black and sienna pattern. The walls were now painted in a beige color and had gold ornaments. Red velvet drapes and a grand crystal chandelier added a formal feeling to the room. Candelabrums on the walls must have looked beautiful when lit but for now, the only source of light was the windows. A black piano stood on a small stage. Hermione looked around and saw her reflection in one of the mirrors, that covered the majority of walls and shivered, she looked tiny in comparison to the grandness of the room. The cold, bluish light from the windows made her feel unwelcomed here once again. The room has completely transformed, it was bigger now but she still knew what it used to be. It was the drawing-room. Hermione looked on the floor and saw herself lying there. She thought she would die that night. Surrounded by Death-Eaters, Mudblood carved out on her arm, her friends in the dungeons of the Manor. The sound of an opening door dragged her out of her world and back to reality. Malfoy slowly walked up to her. The closer he got, the more trapped she felt. Alone and surrounded at the same time. “Welcome, Granger. I see you’ve noticed the changes. This is a ballroom now. Hermione swallowed slowly. He saw right through her. “Don’t worry, father and mother are abroad, for now, so you won’t bother each other. They will come to the wedding of course but only for a short time.” A house-elf picked up Hermione’s bags and disappeared as Malfoy began to walk out of the room. She didn’t even think about Lucius or Narcissa Malfoy being here. She had no idea what his mother was like but was fully aware that avoiding Lucius was best. His hatred for anyone except pure-bloods was famous and Hermione wasn’t eager to find out how true the rumors were. She already heard enough from Harry’s stories and partially experienced it herself. Pushing his limits by living in the same house sounded like a terrible idea. Hermione almost gasped when they reached the hall with the staircase after several minutes. Flint’s house was the size of a box compared to the Malfoy Manor. 
  Finding the display for the dagger is going to be impossible. Every corridor has one or at least a statue and a portrait. 

   

  God, I don’t even want to think about how long it will take me to figure out where the information is.

   

  On the brighter side, there’s a chance that I won’t even see Malfoy on some days. The house is so giant that I should be more worried about getting lost than running into someone.

   
After climbing the staircase and taking several turns Malfoy stopped at a door of dark wood. He showed Hermione into her room and walked away without another word. Her bags were already next to a massive bed with a dozen of pillows. On the opposite wall were a bookshelf and a desk. There were two more doors, but Hermione ignored them, she walked up to the wall that was taken up by windows and stepped out onto the balcony. Green fields stretched out as far as she could see. The house was surrounded by a garden, which led to an opening with a small gazebo and a fountain. She stood there for several minutes, trying to take in the view. After a while, Hermione remembered where she was and why. She returned to her room to see what was behind the rest of the doors. More out of a need to know what waited for her rather than curiosity. The first door led to a bathroom about the size of her bedroom at Flint’s house. It was covered in white marble with a circle bath on a small pedestal. The second door had a walk-in closet behind it, filled with clothes. Hermione couldn’t help but wonder why everything was so good so far. She lived in a tiny room at Flint’s house and didn’t expect more. For her, getting a nice room meant that she would have to deal with more during her stay at the Manor. And she wasn’t sure if she could handle more.After a while, a house-elf named Kreacher appeared to escort her to dinner. The dining room was almost as big as the ballroom, the table stretched out through the entire room. Dozens of people could fit at the table at the same time. Malfoy sat at the head of the table, another set of cutleries to his left. Hermione sighed. She was hoping to sit across from him, as far as possible. She sat down to a bowl of champignon cream soup with croutons. There were multiple spoons next to her plate. Hermione instantly regretted not reading the book on etiquette more thoroughly. It must’ve had the information on using cutlery correctly. Doubtfully, she picked up the biggest spoon that was closest to her plate and saw Malfoy smirk at her. “Please do learn to differ dessert spoons from tablespoons before the wedding. There are only a few more days left.” Hermione slowly breathed in, trying to suppress the irritation and embarrassment. “You already know the date?” “Yes. It will be held on the 3rd of July.” “That’s not enough time to prepare.” “It will be taken care of. A friend of mine will come over tomorrow and help.” “Blaise?” “You don’t really think that I only have one friend?” “I don’t think about you or your friends at all.” Hermione scoffed when she saw Malfoy suppress a smile. She really didn’t care about his friends if they weren’t trying to kill her. Hermione was reluctant to meet them or plan the wedding. The rest of the dinner went on in awkward silence, so when Hermione finished her second dish, she left the table in a hurry. The sun was already going down, but the chandeliers weren’t lit yet. The corridors were full of long shadows. Every step echoed through the house. Hermione wanted to go back to her room but forced herself to turn in the opposite direction. If someone that doesn’t know about the arrangement is coming over tomorrow, she must know the house at least partially. Unlike Flint’s house, most of the doors were unlocked. Hermione walked through several rooms before she knew that she was too tired to continue. She has already been in a room that was meant for brewing potions, an office that didn’t have anything significant in it, and multiple other places that blurred into one. Hermione took another turn and found herself next to a massive door with a lock on it. She shivered, there was only one place where it could lead. The dungeons. The entire house was filled with horrifying memories. That night will always be engraved in her brain. No matter how long she will live here, even if no one puts her in danger for a year, which she highly doubted, the Malfoy Manor will always associate with death and terror. She turned around to see Malfoy standing next to her. Hermione felt a spike of adrenaline shoot through her body. She felt the urge to run. “Did I scare you?” He raised a brow playfully “Only in your dreams, Malfoy.” Hermione rolled her eyes. “Which I should be seeing but you are wandering in the corridors at night.” “Since when did this house turn into Hogwarts? Are you going to send me to detention now? The Forbidden Forest is far away but perhaps the gardens should do.” To Hermione’s astonishment, Malfoy chuckled. “I don’t suppose detention would do any good for you. I have other methods to make someone behave.” His voice became lower as his gaze pierced her. Hermione felt her cheeks turn pink. 
  He can’t be talking about what I think he is.

   

  He isn’t.

   

  God, he’s probably talking about torturing me and I’m blushing like a 6th year.

   
“Come on, let’s go to your room. It’s best if you explore the house during the day. It’s easy to get lost and you don’t want it to happen at night.” His voice was back to normal again. Hermione was internally thankful that Malfoy guided her back to her room. She probably would get lost on her own and wander around until morning. “If you do get lost or need something, call our house-elf Kreacher. And don’t go back to that part of the house. Father will be angry if he finds out that you were roaming around his rooms.” Hermione shivered at the thought of how carelessly she walked around those rooms. She nodded slowly, trying to process how dangerous it would be if Lucius wasn’t away. “Good night, Granger.” “Good night, Malfoy.” She couldn’t sleep that night. Thoughts of how stupid she was to wander into Lucius’s part of the house were haunting her. And most of all she was bothered by the way that she reacted to Malfoy. He was just teasing her, and she fell right into his trap. 
  Why was I blushing?

   

  He’s a disgusting Death-Eater and that’s it.

   

  Bloody hell, why did I blush?
 She threw a plush pillow on the floor in annoyance and turned over to face the windows. She laid in the dark, watching the sky turn a bluish color. After a while, when she calmed down and laid still for a while, it seemed that her ears caught a sound. It sounded like music. The sound was so faint and inaudible that Hermione wasn’t sure if it was real or just a fantasy. She fell asleep, listening to it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Hermione walked into the empty dining room. She sighed, relieved with Malfoy’s absence. When she sat down at the table, a house-elf appeared next to her.

   

  “My name is Dilsy. What would Miss like to drink?”

   

  “Do you have mint tea by any chance?”

  Dilsy nodded and soon a cup of mint tea with a slice of lemon next to it appeared on the table. Hermione peacefully finished her meal and was planning to head back to her room when Dilsy appeared once more.

   

  “Master has asked for your presence in the tea room Miss.”

   

  Hermione followed Dilsy to a part of the house that she hasn’t been in yet. She pushed the door open only to find Malfoy chatting away with a female that was facing away from her. She turned around and smiled at her.

   

  
    You bitch…
  

   

  “There you are, Hermione. I already started to think that you wouldn’t come.”

   

  “Good morning, Pansy.”

   

  Memories of Pansy and Draco alongside with other Slytherins bullying her, Harry and Ron were still fresh. Hermione remembered how Pansy stuck a piece of parchment on the back of her robes with the word Mudblood on it. How everybody turned their heads and laughed as she passed the Slytherin table in the Great Hall. How Ron finally took it off, Harry’s worried expression and Ginny’s anger. 

   

  Pansy must’ve seen Hermione’s expression change.

   

  “Take a seat, please. I know that I’ve done many terrible things to you at school. And I’m very sorry for it. I have reflected on it in the past year and feel horrible. Sometimes people do change. I was hoping that if you fell in love with Draco, you could also find some forgiveness in your heart for me.”

   

  Hermione wanted to say no. But she couldn’t.

  “The past should stay in the past. I forgive you.”

   

  “Oh, that’s great.” Pansy smiled. “Now would you like to get to planning? We’ve discussed a couple of ideas already and I want to hear your opinion on them.”

   

  Pansy showed her a color scheme and a plan for the wedding. She started chatting about which music would be best and Hermione felt like falling asleep. She felt tired and bored, the longer the conversation kept going, the more her blood was boiling. Pansy was talking about a year of imprisonment like it was a dream come true. After almost an hour of planning, Hermione felt like she couldn’t spend even a minute longer in this company.

   

  “I also brought different menus. This one is based around different meats and this one contains mostly seafood. Of course, there will also be a banquet beforehand but it’s not so important. Oh, look at these wedding cakes. I feel like this one will match the setting more but Merlin, lavender looks good. Hermione, you don’t look very interested for a bride-to-be.”

   

  “I just don’t really like planning.”

   

  “I thought that the best student in our year was all about planning. We haven’t even gotten to the dresses yet. Those we will discuss later, without Draco.”

   

  “I don’t want to plan this.”

   

  “Why would you not want to plan your own wedding? Draco, say something.” Said Pansy in a worried tone.

   

  “Let her be, if she doesn’t want to, she won’t. I’m sure that you will do great on your own.” He replied in a tired tone.

   

  “But this is madness! Why does it feel like I’m the only one excited for all this?”

   

  “Oh, trust me, I can’t wait for it to happen. I’ve been crossing out days in my calendar.” Hermione burst out at last.

   

  “Well, great then. If you’re so excited, then please do choose a menu and a cake.” Continued Pansy.

   

  “Can’t you understand, I didn’t mean it. I don’t want the wedding. I don’t want to get married. I don’t want people to see me as a traitor. I don’t want to be a Malfoy!”

   

  Draco’s face went pale as Pansy widened her eyes. Hermione couldn’t stand this show a second longer. She stormed out of the room and slammed the door behind her. Fortunately, she was able to find her room quickly enough. Hermione locked the door behind her and slid down to the floor. She pressed the palms of her hands to her eyes and tried to calm down. After a while, the anger died out and got replaced by panic.

   

  
    I said too much.
  

  
     
  

  
    How is anyone going to believe in this?
  

  
     
  

  
    How am I going to look into everyone’s eyes at my own wedding?
  

  
     
  

  
    I’m going to get married to a school bully that turned into a war criminal.
  

  
     
  

  
    I’m going to be surrounded by strangers on what I considered to be one of the most important days of my life.
  

   

  There was a sound of apparition and furious Malfoy junior stood in front of her.

   

  “What did you think you were doing back there? I did my best to play along and pretend that you were just worried about the wedding. If you pull this in front of everyone on…” He paused, seeing the condition that she was in.

   

  Tears were running down her face as Hermione was shuddering from soundless crying. Malfoy sat down next to her, trying to calm down.

   

  
    I must look miserable. Sitting on the floor and crying.
  

   

  “Look, I get it. You hate me with your guts and this wedding is a nightmare for you. But this is something that we both must do. I’m not particularly excited for this myself.” His tone was much calmer this time.

   

  Hermione raised her glance at him and discovered with a surprise that he looked sad and tired. He probably went through the same experience in the last few days.

   

  
    But why?
  

  
     
  

  
    Why is he sad?
  

  
     
  

  
    He’s not the one that’s going to be shown off as a trophy.
  

  
     
  

  
    Flint was rushing everything, he wanted the wedding, he wanted a claim on me.
  

  
     
  

  
    Why is Malfoy so reluctant?
  

  
     
  

  “Let’s make a deal. We both pretend that you were just anxious about the upcoming events and plan this thing with enthusiasm. In return, you get to choose the place where we go tomorrow on our date.”

   

  “Anywhere?”

   

  “Anywhere. Doesn’t have to be a café or a restaurant.”

   

  Hermione sat silent for a few moments.

   

  “Fine. And I want Ginny to move in tomorrow and stay until the wedding.” Hermione wiped her tears off.

   

  “Isn’t it impolite to invite people to someone else’s house?” Malfoy raised a brow.

   

  “I thought that I’m about to become Mrs. Malfoy. Therefore, I have the right to invite anyone that I want.”

   

  “You do remember that this is an arranged marriage?”

   

  “It’s my final word.”

   

  Malfoy sighed and studied her with his eyes for a moment. Hermione looked at him with all the confidence that she had. There wasn’t a trace of doubt on her face.

   

  “Fine but you better not try and ruin this wedding.”

   

  “I’ll do my best.”

   

  They were walking up to the tea room when Malfoy paused right in front of the door. Hermione felt his hand gently place itself on her back. It wasn’t a demanding or an intrusive touch. He held her so carefully that she barely felt him. She shivered and looked up at Draco. He had already opened the door and was smiling at Pansy.

   

  “I’m sorry for the interruption. She’s just worried about the wedding.” Draco guided Hermione to her chair.

   

  She sank into the velvet, feeling her back relax.

   

  “No problem. I understand all the worrying. It is very sudden and could cause misunderstanding. To be honest, I was shocked when Draco told me that you two are getting married. But in the end, the most important thing is that you two are happy.”

   

  Hermione gave her best fake smile in reply. They went back to planning for the next four hours. Most of the work was done and Pansy went back to her room to make reservations and place orders. There were only three more major things left: the dress, the suit, and the guest list. Draco didn’t want to hear anything from Pansy and said that he would take care of the suit on his own. Hermione had to promise to go shopping for the dress the day after. The guest list would be discussed tomorrow.

   

  Hermione’s head was buzzing from all the information that had been dumped on her. She was so tired, that there wasn’t any strength left for emotions. She forced herself to send an owl to Ginny, asking to meet at her apartment tomorrow evening.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    The next day
  

   

  Hermione spent the first half of the day studying the house, trying to avoid Pansy. She could deal with Malfoy’s mood swings and mysteriousness but getting bombarded with dozens of questions about which shade of beige she liked more was too much to handle. When she returned to her room, Hermione changed her clothes to a short, flowy white dress and fell onto the bed. She had no idea what time their date was, but her legs refused to work after walking through the entire house. Her mind wandered but Hermione did her best to try and avoid the sensitive topics. Crying two days in a row was not in her plans. 

   

  At last, she focused on the way that Malfoy was acting the past few weeks. Hermione told herself multiple times that she didn’t care about him but couldn’t help and notice the constant changes in him. One day he was cold and distant and the next day was almost…friendly? Hermione snorted at the idea of being friends with a Death-Eater.

   

  
    Who knows what can happen in a year?
  

  
     
  

  
    Maybe we will actually become friends…
  

  
     
  

  
    And then I will kill him. What a wonderful ending to a friendship.
  

  
     
  

  Hermione decided to postpone the murder talk until she was at least a few months into the marriage. There was a whole year ahead to plan and worry. She didn’t want to add that on top of her current problems.

   

  The door opened and Malfoy walked in. The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up, but he refused to wear something except black trousers even despite the hot weather. He seemed to be in a good mood today.

   

  “Did no one teach you to knock? I could be undressed.” Hermione scoffed.

   

  “But you aren’t. Did you decide where we are going?”

   

  Hermione nodded.

   

  “Aren’t you going to tell me?” Draco cocked his head.

   

  “You’ll have to see for yourself.”

   

  “Go ahead then. I’ll just have to hope that it isn’t a murderous trap of some sort.”

   

  Hermione rolled her eyes and reached out to his hand. She hesitated for a second and grabbed it. 

   

  They were standing on a crowded street under the blazing sun.

   

  “Seriously?” Draco covered his face from the sun, reading the sign.

   

  “You told me that I can choose any place.”

   

  “I thought your fantasy stretched further than Flourish and Blotts.”

   

  “Are you going to spend the entire day standing outside?” Hermione was already standing at the entrance.

   

  “Do you seriously expect me to propose in a bookstore?” 

   

  “What are you talking about?”

   

  “In case you haven’t noticed, there are only a few days until the wedding and there still isn’t a ring on your finger.”

   

  “Say it louder for the people that haven’t heard you yet.” Hermione rolled her eyes and went inside.

   

  She found the second book on healing spells almost instantly and grabbed the third which was the last one in the series.

   

  “I thought that you enjoyed this kind of books more.”

   

  Malfoy was leaning on a bookshelf and waving a book that pictured a woman holding a finger against bright red lips. 

   

  “Put it away right now!” Hermione lowered Draco’s hand instinctively.

   

  Hermione looked around to check whether anyone saw them and realized that she was standing too close to him and holding his hand. Hermione let him go instantly and turned around, continuing to study the shelves. She could feel his gaze on her back. There was something strange about Malfoy. If it was Flint in his place, she would’ve burst out or just completely ignored him. Her feelings for Marcus were purely hatred and anger but Malfoy… Hermione couldn’t grasp how exactly he made her feel, and it only made her dislike him more. She knew for a fact that Draco was the only one looking at her right now but for some reason, it felt like she was under a spotlight on a stage.

   

  Hermione hurried away to another shelf to get away from Malfoy’s stare. She sighed with relief when he didn’t follow. After a long time of browsing, she walked to the register with a stack of books in her hands. Hermione rarely used a levitation spell to help her carry things. It was a habit and even after many years in the wizarding world, it hadn’t changed. It just felt right to do so.

   

  Hermione reached into her purse to grab the money when Malfoy placed a couple of galleons on the counter. She shot a warning gaze at him and was completely ignored. He picked up the bags and bid the woman at the register a good day. Hermione followed him outside with a grim expression on her face.

   

  “You didn’t have to pay for me. I’m fully capable of doing that myself.”

   

  “I figured that if I’m taking care of the wedding, I might as well add a few books to that.”

   

  Hermione went silent. She hadn’t thought about that at all. Of course, someone was paying for the wedding. She was so distracted that she couldn’t even add two and two together.

   

  “You should’ve told me earlier. The Order gave me money and there is still a lot of it left.  I can cover some of the expenses.”

   

  “Is that all? We need to find a café now. I’m not proposing on the street like some commoner.” Malfoy rolled his eyes and marched down the street.

   

  “Don’t shut me up. I said that I can pay for some of the wedding, and I will.” She said, struggling to keep up with his pace.

   

  “Everything has already been paid for. And don’t even try to return the money to me.”

   

  “The dress hadn’t been bought yet. I will pay for it. They can be quite expensive.” Hermione concluded in a proud tone.

   

  “If you wish so.” He smirked.

   

  They walked into some fancy crowded café and found a table on the terrace. A spotlight for journalists, thirsty for some details on their relationship. It would be suspicious if he proposed right away, so she prepared herself for at least an hour in the sun. Hermione picked up the menu, unsure what to get. She stopped on a Greek salad. It was blazing hot, and she wasn’t hungry, but she had to get something.

   

  “Try the lemonade, it’s in the seasonal menu.”

   

  Hermione scoffed, remembering her first date with Marcus at the Coral. He also ordered for her, and the evening only went downhill after that. Was this the begging of him patronizing her?

   

  “Don’t look at me like that, you will scare people off. It’s just a suggestion. I just thought that you might like it.”

   

  There wasn’t anything else from the menu that caught her attention, so she caved in.

   

  “Fine…” She sighed.

   

  The food came promptly after ordering. A glass with sparkling lemonade, garnished with mint was placed in front of her. Drops of water were running down the ice-cold glass. Hermione felt terribly thirsty after all that time in the sun. She took a sip and held back a satisfied smile with more effort than she would ever admit. It was perfect, not so sweet that she felt like drinking water after it, and not so tasteless that she could only taste the soda. The lemonade was just a tiny bit sweet with a hint of lemon, most of the flavor and scent were taken up by mint. 

   

  “Do you like it?”

   

  “It’s okay, I guess.” She took another sip right after.

   

  Malfoy chuckled, watching her drink a quarter of the ‘okay’ lemonade in under a minute. Something changed in his face and Hermione turned around. Skeeter was entering the café that they were in.

   

  “Do you think she followed us?” Hermione asked.

   

  “I know it.”

   

  Hermione fiddled with the napkin on the table, trying to calm down. A sudden wave of anxiety flooded over her. She didn’t know where it came from and didn’t like it one bit. 

   

  “Are you ready?” He asked in a low voice.

   

  
    No.
  

  
    Not one bit.
  

  
    I’m not.
  

   

  Hermione nodded, trying to overcome her worry. Everything seemed to slow down. She saw Malfoy reach into his pocket and take out a dark blue velvet box. She then watched him get on his knee and take her hands. 

  Hermione felt a strong urge to stop him, to walk away. She felt like it wasn’t supposed to be her. He should’ve been proposing to some pure-blood pretty witch. She felt like she was watching everything unfold from a stranger’s view. He looked into her eyes, and she gathered her will not to look away. Malfoy was seeing right through her. It felt like there was nothing hidden left. She even checked if he was in her mind for a second.

   

  “Hermione Jean Granger, will you make me the happiest man on earth and marry me?”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Hermione Jean Granger, will you make me the happiest man on earth and marry me?”

   

  Her heart skipped a beat. She knew what was coming and still the words were a shock to her. Hermione tried to stretch some time by smiling and looking around. Everyone on the terrace was watching, even a waiter stopped midway and was waiting for her answer. Skeeter was behind her and without a doubt taking pictures or scribbling in her little notebook. Hermione took a deep breath and returned her gaze to Malfoy. Everything went silent, the air became so thick that it could be cut. Hermione couldn’t stand the ambiance a second longer.

   

  “Yes.” She nodded and smiled.

   

  Malfoy slid the ring on her finger and gave her a tight hug. Hermione sighed, thankful that he didn’t get an idea to kiss her. He was very gentle, trying not to push her boundaries too much. Normally, she would’ve pushed him away, but the hug seemed more than appropriate to the occasion. They stood like that for a while. The sound of applause mixed with a more common one. The clacking of heels quickly approached as the terrace got filled with the sweetest perfume known to mankind. Hermione slid out of Draco’s embrace, quickly getting herself together.

   

  “Hi there, lovebirds! Congratulations! Ahh, I’m so excited to catch you in the act! I haven’t been able to talk to either of you since you started going out together. Would you mind if I steal a couple of of of minutes of your precious time?” Skeeter blinked her eyes in a begging manner.

   

  “Let it be brief.” Malfoy gestured her to their table.

   

  “So tell me, how did you start seeing each other?”

   

  There was a moment of silence. Hermione felt like smacking her forehead. This was the second time that she forgot to come up with a backup story.

   

  “It all started when I visited Hermione’s house after a certain incident. It brought us together.” Replied Draco.

   

  “So, the picture that was taken of you with flowers was just the beginning? I can’t help but notice that this incident occurred shortly after Marcus Flint’s death. I’m sorry to speak of such grim things on a happy day. But do these events have a link between them?”

   

  
    Before.
  

  
    It happened before his death.
  

  
    Just like many other incidents.
  

   

  “We will not speak on that topic. It is a private incident that has nothing to do with his death.” Said Draco in a tone that made it clear, he was not going to answer the question.

   

  “Sure, let’s move onto more positive topics. The ring is wonderful, Hermione. Does it have any story to it?”

   

  Hermione was still trying to process what just happened, studying the ring hasn’t occurred to her up until this moment. She lifted her hand, as the stones played in the sun. Dozens of clear jewels were entwined with small dark green stones around the top of what seemed to be a silver ring. The biggest transparent one in the center created a small rainbow on the tablecloth. If those were real stones, it must’ve cost a fortune.

   

  “It’s a family heirloom, that has been passed on my mother’s side. The ring is platinum. The diamonds and emeralds are from the same mine that the stones on the lost diadem of Ravenclaw are.”

   

  Hermione quickly did the math. If it’s a family heirloom with real diamonds and emeralds, it’s already priceless. But if it was dating back to when the diadem was made, which was the late 10th century… It was indescribably worthy.

   

  The shock on Skeeter’s face only proved her right. If the most talkative person on earth seems to have swallowed her tongue, it must mean something.

   

  
    Why on earth would Malfoy give me something so important?
  

   

  “I truly have no words! This is amazing! Hermione, you’ve been so quiet today. Tell me, how do you feel?”

   

  “I’m not sure yet, I’m shocked but in a good way.”

   

  “Have you already scheduled the wedding?”

   

  “It’s on the 3rd of July.”

   

  Rita seemed to be lacking words for the second time in one evening, which probably wasn’t a good sign, but her expressions made Hermione want to laugh.

   

  “So fast, the two of you. Will I be getting an invite?”

   

  “You are welcome to the official part. The rest of the evening is for family and close friends strictly.”

   

  Skeeter seemed to gain her life forces back.

   

  “Hermione, how do you think will Ron Weasley react to such a sudden proposal? Have you made up with the boys? Draco, tell me, how did your family react?”

   

  Her heart skipped a beat. The things that she tried not to think about were now out in the daylight. She looked at Draco, hoping that he would come up with an answer once again. His face went pale and emotionless, Skeeter must’ve struck a nerve.

   

  
    This is why he’s so reluctant to marry me.
  

  
    His pure-blood family must be disappointed with him.
  

  
    They probably have no idea about what happened in the Great Hall.
  

  
    Why would they? None of them were there.
  

   

  “This interview is over.” He grabbed Hermione’s hand and started to walk towards the exit.

   

  Skeeter was running behind, apologizing and asking to continue the interview. Her voice echoed as he apparated back to the Manor. The walk to the house through the fields was silent.

   

  As soon as they reached the entrance, Malfoy dropped the bags and walked in the direction of his father’s wing. Hermione didn’t dare or care to follow. Instead, she picked up the books and rushed to her room.

   She felt anger and despise. It was so easy to get her out of balance. One wrong question and everything went downhill. The wedding was going to be much harder with many guests attending. She opened a book on protecting spells and quickly flipped through the pages. For some unexplainable reason, she felt like this was the peak of her anger, her helplessness,, and annoyance. Hermione finally found the needed passage. 

   

  A whole page in a small font was dedicated to a certain enchantment. It was meant to keep away unwanted people. It stopped a person from touching the enchanted one without his/her consent. If the enchanted one was not willing to be touched, protecting charms would be triggered. Their power is defined by the will of the enchanted and the degree of tampering with their personal space.

  She recited the spell multiple times before using it. A warm golden light coated her only to be absorbed seconds later. 

   

  Hermione turned over the page, still feeling a slight warmth inside and not knowing what she was looking for. A small passage was dedicated to a spell that protected from the evil.

   

  She arched her brow in disbelief.

   

  
    If only everything was that easy…
  

   

  Hermione decided to read out of pure interest.

   

  
    Warning: This spell does not protect from major or the Forbidden curses. However, its strength depends on the will of the person casting it.
  

  
    Use: Helpful for protecting from hexes and curses of small to a medium degree, the evil eye, long term minor to medium influence of evil forces.
  

  
    Advantages: Can help avoid migraines and stabilize your mood.
  

  
    Disadvantages: Please note, that this spell has not yet been approved by the WIS (Wizarding inspection of safety). Use at your own risk.
  

  
     
  

  Hermione scoffed, of course, there would be a ‘but’. 

   

  
    But what do I have to lose?
  

  
     
  

  She practiced a few times and tried to inflict all her emotions from the past few weeks into it. All the anger, fright, embarrassment, helplessness, annoyance, feeling of betrayal.

   

  White light from the tip of her wand blinded her and filled the room. Hermione closed her eyes but could still see it behind her eyelids. A burning hot sensation spread through her chest. A moment later the room went back to normal. She carefully opened her eyes, feeling exhausted, and fell back on her bed. There were only a few hours until dusk and she had to meet with Ginny.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Hermione stepped out of the chimney into the living room. Ginny was already waiting for her with a mug of tea on the couch. She rushed up to her and gave Hermione a tight hug.
 
  “I’m so glad that you are well and safe. You are well and safe, right?”

   

  “I am. That’s not why I wanted to talk to you. Ginny, there’s something I have to tell you.” Hermione sat down, preparing herself for the blow.

   

  “What is it? Is something wrong?”

   

  “Gin, you might not like what I’m about to say. Please try to understand. I really need you.”

   

  “You know that I’m always there for you. Tell me already.”

   

  “I’m getting married to Draco Malfoy… On the 3rd of July.”

   

  She expected Ginny to get angry like the last time that they fought. Ginny stayed silent, there was shock and disbelief on her face, but she didn’t say a word. Hermione felt that this was somehow worse than screaming. 

   

  “Why?” Finally escaped from her lips.

   

  Hermione knew that she had to lie. It was better if Ginny hated her than if she started digging and found out something. She hated herself for doing it, but she knew she had to.

   

  “I love him Gin…I have liked him since school, for a very long time. I was very embarrassed about it but this whole thing with Marcus finally gave us an opportunity. I finally realized that I could die before telling him about my feelings. I guess he felt the same too.” Hermione said it very fast, afraid that if she stopped, she wouldn’t be able to continue.

   

  An uncomfortable feeling sank in her stomach. She felt horrible. Part of her was afraid that Ginny wouldn’t believe her.

   

  “Why didn’t you tell me earlier? Why so fast?”

   

  “I wasn’t even planning on telling him…I almost died Gin, I can’t wait any longer…”

   

  “Are you sure that this is what’s going to make you truly happy?” She replied in an unsure tone.

   

  “Absolutely.”

   

  
    Another lie…
  

  
    Just one more.
  

   

  “Then I’m with you…”

   

  Ginny hugged her as if she was searching for reassurance, checking to see if it was actually Hermione and not a stranger.

   

  “What can I do to help you?” Ginny asked, still hugging her.

   

  “Just be there for me, please.”  Hermione tried not to sob. “I really need you.”

   

  “Of course.” Ginny nodded.

  “Can you come over tomorrow and stay for a few days?”

   

  Hermione felt Ginny nod again, as something wet dropped on her shoulder. She was crying too. The girls looked at each other and smiled, Hermione tried to wipe off her tears and smudged her mascara.

   

  “Come on, let’s get ourselves together before we go home.” Said Ginny.

   

  Hermione returned to the Manor feeling confused. On one side, she was happy that Ginny was there for her but on the other… The uncomfortable feeling in her gut went nowhere. It felt wrong to lie to her best friend. It felt wrong that she came up with a lie so easily. 

  Hermione’s eyes stopped on the clock. It was about dinner time. She dragged herself to the dining room. She had to be around people not to lose it. She was dreading of what was going to happen when she would be left alone in her room. The thoughts that would go through her head, the pity, the pile of nasty feelings. Hermione didn’t want it to happen just yet.

   

  Pansy waved to her across the room. Hermione sat down next to her and Malfoy.

   

  “Where have you been? I was looking for you the entire day. There are still a few things we need to discuss.”

   

  
    Perhaps planning wouldn’t hurt right now.
  

  
    It could get my mind off things.
  

  
     
  

  “Ooh, fancy ring.” Pansy eyed Hermione’s hand. “Which begs the question. What about the wedding rings? Have you chosen them?”

   

  “It’s going to be her wedding ring as well. Mine will also be a family heirloom. There’s no need to get new ones.” Replied Draco.

   

  “Sure, why not? Have you already talked about the guest list? There are only a few days left and we haven’t sent out the invitations yet.”

   

  “Mine’s short. Just Ginny and…” Hermione paused, thinking if the people that she wanted to invite would even want to see her.

   

  Pansy gave Draco and Hermione pieces of paper.

   

  “Write down each name and I’ll send out the invites. Since we are short on time, you’ll have to do it now.” 

   

  Hermione began writing, pausing before each name to consider the possibility of them coming. In the end, she decided that inviting more would be best. Half of them would probably not even show up. After a of couple minutes, she was done.

   

  “Great, I’ll send the invitations soon.” Pansy pranced out of the room, stopping in the doorway. “And don’t forget that we are shopping for the dress tomorrow.”

   

  Hermione sighed. It was hard to forget when you are constantly reminded of something. Malfoy still seemed to be distant and not ready to engage in a conversation. Not like Hermione wanted him to anyway.

   

  This night Hermione went straight to bed, falling asleep to the sound of distant music.

   

  
    June 30th
  

   

  Ginny arrived early in the morning and was staying in the guest bedroom on the first floor. Malfoy didn’t show up to breakfast, so the girls ate without him. Hermione was afraid of where the tension between Ginny and Pansy could lead. Hermione’s past issues with Pansy didn’t bother her in the light of current events. She wasn’t so sure about Ginny though. She was wrong. She walked into the dining room only to find the two of them whispering and stopping abruptly as soon as they saw her. The bizarre wedding seemed to bring them together if not forever, then at least for the next few days. Ginny and Pansy seemed to be genuinely excited to go shopping for the dress. 

   

  They arrived at the boutique at noon. If it wasn’t for the Order’s money, Hermione would never be able to pay for the dress. Even though she was reluctant to take the money, part of her was glad that she did it. For everything that she went through, she deserved to at least show Malfoy his place once.

   

  Pansy and Ginny quickly scattered, actively searching for the perfect dress. Hermione lazily looked through what the store had to offer more out of duty than will. Twenty minutes later she reached the end of only one wall, while the girls looked through everything multiple times already.

   

  “Have you found something?” Ginny appeared, holding so many dresses, that only her head and hands were visible.

   

  “Not really.” 

   

  “Then try on what we picked out for you.” Ginny handed the dresses over to a store worker and disappeared behind the racks.

   

  Hermione dragged herself to the fitting rooms and immediately recognized which one was her. All the hangers were taken up by color-coordinated dresses from pristine white to a shade of a pale rose. Next to the room stood a hanger with more dresses that didn’t fit inside. Pansy and Ginny were sitting on a couch, proud of their work.

   

  “Come on, try them on.” Said Pansy.

   

  Hermione almost groaned, it would take a day or two to try them on. 

   

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    June 30th
  

   

  The first dress was simple and minimalistic. It was made from thick white fabric, floor-length with thin straps, and a very deep v-cut. The skirt of the dress was extremely voluminous. Despite it being as basic as possible, there was something in it that Hermione didn’t like.

   

  “You look amazing in it. I already know what to do with your hair to match it!” Gasped Ginny.

   

  “I feel like I will tackle down guests with this skirt. It’s too big.” 

   

  “It should be big. Guests are supposed to step aside when they see you, not the other way around.” Commented Pansy.

   

  “I just don’t like it enough to actually buy it.”

   

  Of course, Hermione didn’t care about the wedding. But there was still a part of her that wanted to feel beautiful on her wedding day. A small girl that didn’t get enough chances in her life to be the center of attention not because she was saving someone or fighting in a war. Just because she was. The last time that she felt this way was at the Yule ball. Although Ron managed to ruin it for her in the end. But before that, she felt so different. So confident, so free, just carelessly dancing around for at least one night. She finally managed to escape from Harry’s drama and worry of a new war, to live her life. That night she was just a girl, without a single worry in the world. Part of her was still hoping to find that feeling once more even at times like this. Even if she was going to marry someone that she doesn’t love.

   

  “No problem, try another one. There’s still plenty left and we also have to pick a veil and a bouquet to match it.” Said Ginny.

   

  The second dress was a pale beige color with a puffy skirt from a very light material that went down to her knees. The top was a corset with no straps.

   

  “I think it’s too short for a wedding dress.” Said Hermione.

   

  “Yeah, it is. You need something longer.” Ginny was sipping water with lemon.

   

  Pansy and she seemed to have gotten comfortable. Both were holding glasses with cold water, the coffee table in front of them had a plate with fruits in ice. A female consultant stood behind the couch, ready to attend to their needs.

   

  “You’re getting married to bloody Malfoy. You need something grand, eye-stopping. This dress looks like you’re off to prom. Next one.” Gestured Pansy.

   

  “I’m sorry. Would you mind if I suggested something?” Asked the worker, as all eyes turned on her.

   

  “What is it?” Asked Pansy.

   

  “I didn’t know that it was for you miss Granger. If I knew earlier, I would’ve shown you our private section. Follow me please.” 

   

  
    God, no.
  

  
    Even more dresses…
  

  
    At this rate, I’m going to be late for the wedding before I try all of them on.
  

   

  Pansy and Ginny had the opposite reaction. They looked at each other excitedly and followed the consultant.

   

  “Your picture in the Prophet looked fantastic.” Said the worker as they walked up to a mirror.

   

  “Oh, it’s out already? I haven’t seen it yet. Thank you.” Replied Hermione.

   

  “I can bring a copy later.”

   

  “You’re too kind.”

   

  The consultant pushed a hidden button in the mirror’s frame. It slowly opened, revealing a room with exquisite dresses and everything else that a bride would need. The boutique was luxurious on its own, but the room was beyond describing. The consultant left them alone while she fetched the paper and the dresses.

   

  “Holy shit…” Whispered Ginny as she slowly sank into a couch, trying to take in the room.

   

  “Now this is what I’m talking about. Fuck those dresses, we will find something in here.” Pansy smirked. “Just give us a few minutes to rest. My hands are tired from carrying all those dresses.”

   

  Even Hermione was impressed. This was the kind of place where famous and important people got their clothes from. She walked up to one of the racks and felt on the fabric. It was natural silk. 

   

  This time Hermione found a couple of dresses herself before the girls could. It was better than trying on what the girls would’ve picked, which would be almost everything in the room.

   

  Hermione walked out of the fitting room in a silk dress. It was a dark caramel color with a slit on the side and an open back.

   

  “I know that this isn’t a wedding dress, but I just really wanted to try it on.” 

   

  “And I’m glad that you did. It looks amazing on you. You can wear it to the second part of the wedding.” Pansy was definitely in love with the dress.

   

  “I don’t think that I’ll have enough money for both of them.”

   

  Of course, there would remain some, but Hermione didn’t want to be left with a little amount of money in case of an emergency.

   

  “Pity.” Sighed Ginny.

   

  Hermione went back into the dressing room to try on the next dress. When she looked at herself in the mirror, she couldn’t help but say.

   

  “I think I found the one.”

   

  She opened the curtain, revealing the dress. Ginny’s brows rose and Pansy almost choked on her drink. Hermione giggled, watching the girls react.

   

  “I’m not even sure if there’s a point to try on the rest…” Said Ginny.

   

  Those words were exactly what Hermione needed to hear.

   

  “It’s done then.” She smiled.

   

  “Not so fast. We still need the veil, heels and after that, we’re going to the florist.” Stopped her Pansy.

   

  Hermione groaned and went to change into her clothes. This time when she came out there was a copy of the Prophet lying on the table.

   

  
    Dear readers,
  

  
    I’m back with even more sensational news than ever! Draco Malfoy has proposed to Hermione Granger. The couple was spotted visiting a café after a shopping spree. That’s where Malfoy junior had decided to ask the big question. I can only say that we are all very happy for them. Although, we must agree that the wedding seems more than rushed. Who knows, perhaps we should be looking out for a baby bump in the next couple of months?
  

  
    The couple has agreed for an interview, where Draco Malfoy told me that the engagement ring is an old family heirloom. The stones have the same origin as Ravenclaw’s diadem. Let’s hope that such an old item isn’t cursed. We wouldn’t want anything to happen to the bride.
  

  
    The couple was brought together after a horrible accident, which I heard involved the use of muggle transportation called ‘car’. (See details of how it works on p.7) However, I must say that it’s rather suspicious that Marcus Flint’s death occurred around the same time.
  

  
    Unfortunately, the couple left after I asked questions about The Golden Trio and their families. Will the boys be at the wedding? What dress will Hermione be wearing? What kind of cake will they serve?
  

  
    Keep in touch for exclusive details from the wedding,
  

  
    Rita Skeeter.
  

  
     
  

  Below was a picture of Draco on his knee, holding out a ring and her looking into his eyes. If it wasn’t her in the photo, Hermione could’ve sworn that there was chemistry between them. But it was her and there was no chemistry.

   

  Hermione walked up to the register, where the worker was already packing her purchases into a bag. When she was done, she gave Hermione the bag.

   

  “How much is it?” Hermione asked out of politeness.

   

  She already counted it in her head, and it was a pretty big sum for a dress, a veil, and a pair of heels.

   

  “Oh, the purchase has already been closed. I was given the directions to bill it to mister Malfoy’s account.”

   

  Hermione did her best to contain herself and not throw a fit right on the spot.

   

  “Can you cancel it? I will pay for it myself.”

   

  “I’m afraid it’s impossible, the transaction already went through. Unless we wait for a few days for the confirmation of the cancelation, so that you can return your purchases and buy them again.” She smiled.

   

  
    You’re fucked Malfoy
  

   

  “No problem. Leave it be then. I’ll take it. Have a nice day.” Hermione smiled.

   

  They spent the next hour deciding on the bouquet before finally placing the order. It was barely evening by the time they finished but Hermione felt exhausted.

   

  “You look really tired. Why don’t you go home, and we’ll stick around here for a little longer?” Smiled Pansy.

   

  Hermione didn’t like the way that the girls looked at each other. It felt like they were plotting something, but her strength was leaving her, so she didn’t bother to ask.

   

  Hermione swore under her breath when she apparated to the edge of the fields.

   

  
    Who decided that putting the apparition point so far from the house would be a good idea?
  

   

  By the time she reached the Manor, her anger reached its peak. She felt energized from the walk and ready to ask Malfoy a couple of questions.

  Hermione found him in one of the tea rooms, reading a book. He hadn’t noticed that she entered, letting her observe him for a few moments. Draco seemed so peaceful that Hermione even began to feel guilty about the intrusion. She quickly brushed the thought aside.

   

  
    Flint also looked peaceful the morning after assaulting me.
  

  
    It doesn’t mean anything.
  

   

  Malfoy turned around, feeling her eyes on him. 

   

  “How did it go? Did you get everything?” He asked calmly.

   

  “Splendid. Until I went up to the register.”

   

  “Did you not have enough money?”

   

  “Quit pretending. I know what you did. Even after I specifically told you that I would pay for the dress. You still went and billed it to your account.”

   

  “Hmm, strange. I must’ve used it there earlier and forgot.” Malfoy still seemed unbothered.

   

  “Why the hell would you need something from a store that sells wedding dresses?”

   

  “Curious question,” Malfoy smirked.

   

  “Stop teasing me and answer the question.” 

   

  “Or what?” He raised a brow.

   

  Hermione let out a breath. She hadn’t thought this part through. There wasn’t a thing that she could do to him that wouldn’t affect her too. Except…

   

  “Just to remind you, don’t try and pull something on the wedding day. There are going to be a lot of important people watching us. We made a deal, and I held my end of the bargain. If you screw it up, I’ll know that your word is worth nothing.” Draco remained as calm as when she first entered the room.

   

  Hermione scoffed and rushed out.

   

  
    I’ll figure out a way to make us even, Malfoy.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    July 1st
  

  Hermione woke up with a sense of panic. It was the 1st of July already, there was almost no time left. Just two more days until the countdown begins. For some reason, it felt like the countdown was meant for her and not Malfoy. He was the one that was going to die. Not her. She repeated it to herself multiple times, but it didn’t help.

   

  Luckily no one seemed to need her to do some more bridal chores, so Hermione settled on the balcony with a book. She listened to birds chirping as she flipped over the pages, the smell of a newly printed book mixing with fresh morning air. The warm wind played with her hair and Hermione felt her nerves come back into place. Something was calming in turning over page by page in a slow steady rhythm. She could stay here forever, tangled up in words and her pace. Just like a metronome ticking away infinitely until it was stopped by someone else.

   

  The door into her room opened and slammed shut right after. Hermione scoffed, having to stop midsentence, and turned her head.

   

  “You need to get dressed. Right now.” Malfoy was leaning on the door, looking rather worried than smug.

   

  She wanted to kick him out or at least say something snarky but the look on his face signaled that there was something wrong.

   

  “What’s going on?” Hermione placed a brochure on the page where she stopped and closed the book.

   

  “Ginny and Pansy can’t know that we’re staying in separate rooms.” 

   

  “I won’t tell. What is the problem exactly?” Hermione began to get frustrated.

   

  “Pansy knows where my room is and they’re going there to get you.”

   

  A small shot of panic shot through her.

   

  “Grab something to wear quickly.”

   

  Hermione rushed to the wardrobe and pulled out something that was hopefully a dress. She almost stopped midway to ask him why Pansy knew where his room was. Hermione felt a stinging sensation in her chest. She mentally stomped the thought and rushed back into her bedroom, picking up a pair of shoes on the way. Malfoy gave her a strange look when she stopped to take her book with her.

   

  “It’s for entourage.” She explained.

   

  He scoffed and quickly walked up to her, grabbing by the hand. Next moment she found herself in his bedroom. Malfoy grabbed the clothes from her and disappeared into the wardrobe. Hermione was panting from the rush. She took a quick glance around the room. It was much darker than hers. The wallpaper was black with some complicated patterns from the Victorian era. All the furniture was made of black wood. The only contrast was a brown and white rug made from a cow. 

   

  A knock on the door made her jump. Malfoy almost ran up to her.

   

  “Get on the bed.” He commanded.

   

  “What?! No, I’m not…” Protested Hermione.

   

  “Stop making so much noise and for the love of God, please get on the bed.” He cut her off.

   

  “What are you doing in there?” Pansy laughed from the other side of the door.

   

  Malfoy gave Hermione a death stare. She didn’t move an inch and crossed her arms.

   

  “For fuck’s sake.” He muttered under his breath and walked up to her.

   

  “What are you doing?” Hermione tried to back away.

   

  Draco threw her on his shoulder like she weighed nothing and quickly walked up to his bed. Hermione let out a squeal. He put her down, covered her with a blanket, and put a book in her hands. She instinctively opened it, trying to catch the falling-out brochure.

   

  “Now be a good girl and play along,” Malfoy said before opening the door.

   

  Hermione tried to look as natural as possible, even though she felt her cheeks turn pink and her breath was light and fast.

   

  
    It’s just from running around.
  

   

  “What were you doing in here, lovebirds?” Pansy asked once again as she and Ginny walked into the room, her eyes stopping on Hermione. “You missed breakfast.”

   

  “I was reading.” Hermione waved the book that she was holding.

   

  Ginny and Pansy burst out in laughter as Hermione and Draco watched them, equally confused.

   

  “What is so funny?” He asked in a displeased tone.

   

  Pansy walked up to Hermione, still giggling. 

   

  “Interesting book?” She asked.

   

  Hermione slowly nodded, still confused.

   

  “I think that it will be even better this way.” Pansy took the book from her hands and flipped it over before giving it back.

   

  Hermione felt her face go red like a tomato. Malfoy’s eyes widened. This was definitely not what he was trying to set up. 

   

  “Get dressed, we have a surprise for you. Wear something nice.” Pansy continued.

   

  “Are you going to stay here? Can I change properly?” Hermione was planning on apparating to her room to grab something decent.

   

  “You can change in the wardrobe or the bathroom. We don’t want to be late. It’s noon already.” 

   

  “We’re here to make sure you don’t go back to reading.” Giggled Ginny. 

   

  This time even Malfoy’s cheeks turned slightly rosy.

   

  “Draco, someone is waiting for you in the tearoom.” Said Pansy in a tone that hinted that it was his queue.

   

  Hermione walked into the wardrobe, searching for the dress that she took with her. It was folded next to a pair of black high heels. Hermione picked it up with a bad feeling. She almost gasped at the realization of how short it was. Her first thought was to apparate, but girls would probably hear it. She sighed and began to change.

   

  She walked up to the mirror before exiting to check how critical the situation was. The dress ended way before her knees and had a small slit on the side. In addition to that, there was an oval-shaped low cut. Hermione tried to hold her balance on stilettos that had straps wrapping around her legs. This was one of the dresses that were already in her wardrobe when she came to the Manor. Hermione would never wear something like that but there was no choice.

   

  
    I’ll just find the right minute and change before we leave.
  

   

  Hermione opened the door, internally burning from embarrassment. She closed her eyes not to see the girl’s reaction. Instead of laughter, she heard Pansy whistle.

   

  “Are you sure that you don’t know anything about the surprise?” Asked Ginny suspiciously.

   

  “All black looks good on you, Hermione. And you’re dressed for the occasion.” Added Pansy. “There’s just a little work with the hair and make-up needed and you’re good to go.”

   

  The next few hours were spent in Pansy’s room. Ginny worked on Hermione’s hair, turning her insubordinate curls into silky waves, while Pansy did her make-up. Every mirror in the room was covered, so Hermione had no idea what was on her face. For a split moment, she was afraid that Pansy was going to make a joke out of her just like back at Hogwarts. She calmed herself down by remembering that Ginny was in the room. She would never let anything of the sort happen to her. 

  After that, the girls began to get ready themselves as Hermione chewed on a chicken salad that Ginny practically force-fed her. Pansy wore a short bright-purple dress with matching heels. Ginny put on a silky green dress and straightened her hair. All of them were chatting, so time flew by. It was already dark outside when they were ready to go. At last, Hermione’s face was revealed. There was dark brown eyeshadow that made her eyes stand out and a touch of lip gloss, the rest of her face was make-up that didn’t look like it was there. Surprisingly, she didn’t mind it. It wasn’t as much as she expected, and it did suit her.

   

  When they reached the chimney in the ex-drawing room Pansy put her hands on top of Hermione’s eyes as Ginny grabbed her hand and led her. Moments later loud music filled her ears, but they kept walking. Hermione almost tripped climbing the stairs but finally, they stopped, and Pansy took her hands away. 

   

  “Welcome to your bachelorette party!” Ginny clapped her hands in excitement.

   

  They were standing in a lounge that towered above the rest of the nightclub. There was a table with couches on both sides. Party streamers and air balloons decorated their corner.

   

  “This is our spot for the night. Until we feel like dancing at least.” Pansy sat down.

   

  “Thank you so much. It’s nice that you thought about me. But isn’t the bachelorette party supposed to be the night before the wedding?”

   

  “Do you really want to show up hangover to your own wedding?” Ginny shouted over the music.

   

  “I really don’t plan to drink as much.”

   

  “Oh, come on. This is your last party of freedom. You must do something fun. And soberness is like the antonym of fun.” Pansy was looking at the menu. “What do you want?”

   

  “Is there any butterbeer?” Asked Hermione.

   

  “Don’t be so boring. Who drinks butterbeer at a bachelorette party? I’m not the one getting married and I’m still planning to get wasted.” Laughed Pansy.

   

  “I say shots. Are you in, Hermione?” Asked Ginny.

   

  
    Seriously, what do I have to lose?
  

   

  “Let’s do it.”

   

  When the waiter brought a tray filled with shots of every color in the rainbow Hermione started to doubt herself. She picked up a glass filled with a red liquid and smelled it carefully. It was cherry without a single trace of alcohol smell.

   

  
    Maybe this won’t be so bad.
  

   

  “Is this your first time doing shots?” Pansy watched Hermione investigate her shot.

   

  Hermione nodded.

   

  “For the bride!” Ginny raised her bright green shot.

   

  “For the bride!” Repeated Pansy.

   

  Hermione downed her drink in two gulps. It felt like cherry scented lava was being poured down her throat. She coughed, only spreading the hot sensation.

   

  “Are you alright? You’re supposed to breathe out before drinking. Do you want some water?” Pansy seemed to be genuinely worried about her.

   

  “I’m fine. I want to try again.” Said Hermione, starting to feel brave.

   

  It really was her first and last party before a shitty year. If getting drunk could help her stop thinking about it, why not?

   

  Hermione tried a green apple shot, which went down way smoother than the first one. The girls quickly finished the tray, and the rest of the night was a blur. Hermione remembered trying multiple cocktails and giggling over the name ‘Sex on the beach’. 

  Then Ginny was crying. Why was she crying? Oh, right Harry. Hermione told her that everything was going to be alright and gave her a group hug with Pansy.

  Her next memory was on the dance floor. It was the feeling that she longed for. Pure bliss without a second thought or worry. Dancing away with the girls and feeling free. The first gulp of air after a long time. 

  For some reason, the girls were dragging her away from the bar and a bartender with a funny face. Why did his face look so funny?

  Draco’s face also looked funny. He was blabbing some nonsense and looking so serious. Hermione looked at Ginny and burst out laughing. Draco didn’t like it.

  Then there was the night sky and the smell of something burning. Pansy was cheering and Ginny had a strange expression on her face. Why is she staring like I burned down a house? Did I burn down a house?

  Then there was the feeling of wet grass against bare feet and the sound of laughter. Why are the walls made of grass too?

  A door opening, more laughter. Why is there a wall behind a door? Why is the wall so soft? An angry wall? Why should I care about the feelings of a wall when I’m so sleepy? I’m sleepy. I can lean on the wall and sleep. Yes, sleep.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  July 2nd
 Hermione opened her eyes to a pulsating pain in her head, her mouth was as dry as the dessert and her stomach was begging for food. As soon as an image of breakfast appeared in her head, she felt like throwing up. She decided to refocus on finding some water first. 
  Wait a minute. 

  This isn’t my bed.
 Hermione raised her gaze only to find Malfoy lying on the bed, leaning on his arm. Her eyes slowly slid up from the waistband of his pants, across his naked torso, and to his face. He was towering over her with a murderous stare. This was too much to handle with a head that was about to shatter into millions of tiny pieces. “No.” Categorically refused Hermione and faceplanted into the pillow. She waited until she either suffocated, or Malfoy would disappear. Neither of those things happened, so she just laid there, trying to remember what happened. In the end, there was something that he could be useful for. “Did we?...” She asked in a dreadful tone. “I’m not into half-dead arsonists.” He continued in a murderous tone. “Half-dead- what?” “You really don’t remember anything.” “Well, parts of it.” “You came back at three in the morning… No, you were carried in at three in the morning.” He continued. “You were laughing like a lunatic. Instead of going to sleep as I suggested, you said you needed fresh air. So, I went to bed…” “Going for a walk outside isn’t a crime, you know?” Hermione scoffed. “So, I went to bed, only to see you committing arson in my backyard.” He burst out. Hermione tried to hide under the covers. “Did I burn down something? I can pay for it.” She said quietly. 
  The Manor seems fine, so it isn’t a house.

  Unless a gazebo is a house…

  Did I burn down the gazebo?

  Oh, god… That must be expensive.

   
“Only a patch of grass.” “That’s not nearly as bad as I thought.” Malfoy raised a brow. “Is that all?” She asked “I fell asleep to the sounds of a dying antelope under my windows. You do know that the maze walls are not meant for running into? I don’t know which one of you did it, but I’ll have to get it fixed.” He huffed. “How did I get here?” “I managed to fall asleep around four only for the three of you to wake me up half an hour later. The three of you almost knocked down the door. When I opened it, you fell flat onto me.” “Oh, no.” “Those idiots just laughed, thanked me for using their delivery service, and ran away. You were completely out of it, so I left you on the bed and slept on the sofa.” “Thank you, I suppose…” Hermione stood up, wincing from the pounding in her head with every movement. “Drink this,” Malfoy ordered in a cold tone, gave her a small bottle, and went into the bathroom. Hermione studied the pale blue liquid and removed the cork. The second the faint smell of orange juice and roses hit her nose she knew what it was. Hermione downed the anti-hangover potion and felt life forces flowing back into her body. Her head was still hurting a bit, but it was nothing compared to what it was like a minute ago. When she walked out into the familiar corridor, Hermione couldn’t help but raise her brows. This entire time her room was right next to Malfoys. She was too swept up by girls yesterday to notice, so it came across as a small shock to her. 
  If he dislikes me so much, why is my room so close to his?

  It’s just for conspiration, so I could enter his room at any given time.
 She explained to herself and made her way down the corridor. Hermione walked into Ginny’s bedroom. All the blinds were closed shut, leaving them in pale blue darkness. Pansy was sitting on the bed and sipping coffee. Her friend was in a much worse state, a wet towel was placed on her forehead and a glass of water stood on the bedside table. “Good morning. How are you feeling?” Pansy smiled. “I’m surprised that you’re alive after last night. You and Ginny don’t drink often, do you?” “What exactly happened?” Hermione sat on the bed. “I remember us dancing and after that everything is basically a blur.” “Well, you got us kicked out of the club.” Pansy laughed. “I did what? Oh god, how did it happen?” Hermione rubbed her forehead. Ginny giggled and stopped abruptly, grimacing from the headache. “You went to order another round of shots. The bartender said that you had enough, so you cussed him out and threatened to get behind the bar and pour them yourself. We had to leave before we got dragged out by bouncers.” Pansy continued. “I’m so sorry.” “Don’t apologize.” Pansy waved her hand. “Happens to the best of us. The best part was when we came back. Malfoy was furious and started to lecture us. It was actually kind of scary.” “Not for you though,” Ginny added. “Yeah, you just laughed and told him that it’s past his bedtime. Then you disappeared for a while and came back with a pile of photos.” “It’s sad that you don’t remember his facial expressions. He looked like he was slapped across the face.” “What photos?” Hermione asked confused. “Oh, those were Ron’s. Then you dragged us to the edge of the fields and lit them on fire. It was actually pretty cool. I don’t suppose that Ginny really enjoyed that bit though.” “Gin, I…” Hermione started. “It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” She waved her off. “Then we played catch in the maze. It was an awesome idea, Hermione. You found a proper way to use those useless plants. Although, my body still hurts from when I ran into a bush. Who knew that it was full of thorns inside.” Pansy sighed. “That’s it?” Hermione asked. “I suppose… We decided to call it a night and dragged you to your room. Malfoy wasn’t amused, but who cares?” Pansy finished the story. “I messed up.” Hermione fell on her back. “It was a bachelorette party. It’s supposed to be fun and messed up. I’ve heard and been a part of much worse scenarios.” Pansy sipped from her mug. “I’m starving, can you bring me something from breakfast or ask the house-elves?” Ginny whispered. “Sure, let’s go, Hermione.” Pansy stood up. When they walked into the dining room Malfoy was already there, Zabini sitting next to him. The girls silently took their seats. Hermione carefully looked at Draco, he definitely wasn’t in the mood this morning. 
  At least I got even with him for paying for my dress.

   
“Morning girls. Hermione, if I knew that you were such a party animal, I would’ve dumped him and came with you. We just drank whiskey in the library the entire night.” Blaise winked at her. Malfoy scoffed and refocused on cutting his bacon. “Don’t worry, we’ll have plenty of time and parties after the wedding.” Pansy took a sip from her coffee, the second one this morning. Malfoy shot a warning gaze at her. “Okay, maybe not that many parties.” She raised her hands. Hermione allowed herself a slight smile. “Where’s Ginny? From what I heard, she was with you last night.” Blaise asked. “She’s still in bed. I’m sure Ginny will feel better by evening.” Pansy sighed. “Malfoy, do you still have one of those potions that you gave me?” Hermione asked, feeling her guts sink. It wasn’t the best idea to bother him after what happened last night. But Hermione felt too sorry for her friend, not to ask. “No, I don’t.” He answered dryly and walked out of the room. “Ooh, someone’s in a mood.” Blaise smiled into his plate. Hermione stayed with Ginny until she fell asleep. The rest of the day was spent doing practically nothing while Pansy commanded over the workers that set up the decorations. Hermione was restricted from going into the ballroom, the dining room, or outside not to spoil the surprise. In fact, Pansy tried to keep her from leaving Draco’s room. As soon as she left, Hermione slipped back into her room. The events of the past few days managed to draw her mind away from the wedding. But now, as she saw the decorations being set up and the dress was waiting for her in the wardrobe, it suddenly felt real. Hermione lowered into an armchair and stared at the sun, which was about to hide behind a green hill. This was her last day of fooling around. Tomorrow she will become a Malfoy, her friends will leave and who knows what will happen. There was an entire year ahead, covered in fog of the unknown. The only clear thing was how it would all end. There was only one way out of this mess. The door into her room opened, revealing Malfoy in formal wear. Hermione was about to comment on knocking but realized that she wasn’t in place to do it. “Get dressed. My parents are coming home soon and want to meet you.” He ordered and left the room. Hermione’s heart missed a beat. Of course, his parents would come. It was just too abrupt, too soon. She didn’t know what Narcissa was like, but Draco’s father was an often guest in her nightmares. Or at least he was until Flint came along.Hermione did her best to choose the most modest dress in the wardrobe. It turned out to be a dark green dress with buttons that matched the fabric on the front. It had slightly puffed sleeves and went a little below her knees. Hermione picked black flats and was satisfied with the look. This time Malfoy knocked before entering. “Are you ready?” “I guess so.” “I’m asking you not to mess up. It is crucial for them to at least tolerate you.” Hermione nodded. She wasn’t planning to cross Lucius but the same couldn’t be said about him. He watched her get tortured without a single emotion on his face. They walked into the tearoom holding hands. Hermione tensed up, mentally preparing herself. Both of his parents barely changed since she last saw them. Narcissa was wearing a fabulous white dress that went up to her neck and was holding a cup of tea. The only cleavage that it had was a small cut in the shape of a teardrop in the center of her chest. She looked fabulous for someone that went through so many horrid things during the war. The only change in Malfoy’s parents was that they both seemed to lose some weight and had dark eye bags. Although, Narcissa masked hers with a touch of make-up, so Hermione wasn’t sure if those were actually eyebags or just the shadows falling on her face. “Take a seat, dear. It’s so nice to finally meet you.” Narcissa kindly gestured her to a seat in front of her. She stood up and hugged her son tightly. Draco scoffed, clearly not enjoying the invasion of his privacy. “Good evening, father,” Malfoy said in an emotionless tone. “I have nothing to say to you.” “Lucius, he’s your son!” Narcissa protested. “It’s okay, mother. I didn’t expect anything else from him.” Lucius eyed him for a moment and turned to his cup. “I’m sorry for this. Take a seat, please. I’ve been hearing all sorts of things from Draco during your school years. Tell me, what are you up to nowadays?” She smiled. 
  Working with the Order to spy on your son and eventually kill him.
 “I’ve been thinking about working in the Ministry.” “That’s very interesting. Draco is more into independent things. He likes to work alone, but I’m sure you’ve heard that already. How do you take your tea, dear?” She said as she was sitting down. “I like mint tea. Without anything else.” “Draco takes his tea exactly the same.” Narcissa smiled and looked at them. 
  Seriously? Did he have to mock my order then?

   
“Mother...” Warned her Malfoy. “What? I’m just making conversation.” They were talking for another hour without Lucius saying a word or even looking in Hermione’s direction. She relaxed a bit when she realized that he wasn’t planning on talking to her. “It was so nice talking to you. I hope you don’t mind that it’s already a little late?” Chattered Narcissa. “Actually, we do. It is late and we have to get ready for tomorrow.” Draco chimed in. Hermione sighed, relieved. Narcissa seemed nice but the presence of Lucius was a lot of pressure on her. “Sure, I won’t be holding you in here then. Have a good night.” She smiled. “Lucius, don’t you want to say something?” “I have nothing to say to that filthy mudblood. Or to my son, who turned out to be a damned blood-traitor.” He slammed his cup on the table. The only thing disturbing the silence was the clatter of the cups. Draco’s face went pale, as Narcissa shot an angry stare at her husband. “Lucius!” Narcissa started. Draco pulled Hermione’s hand and dragged her out of the room. The door slammed behind them, muffling Narcissa’s voice. “What are you, going to blame me for not doing a good enough job? Your father would only like me if I was born a pure-blood.” Hermione scoffed, being dragged away from the tearoom. “You did fine.” He stopped and looked at her. “I’m not asking you to befriend my father.” Hermione almost snorted at the idea. “I’m just asking you to spend tomorrow in his company. One day.” “And after that? It’s his house. He can show up at any given moment.” “I will inherit the house and most of the money after getting married. It’s a sacred Malfoy tradition. I promise that he will leave right after the wedding. Please, ignore him tomorrow. He wants and will try to cause a scene.” He walked away without another word. Hermione entered her room emotionally drained. It wasn’t the first and probably not the last time someone called her a mudblood. The word started to slowly lose its meaning to her. Hermione looked down at her arm and the crossed-over word on it. She was more than a stupid slur. If Lucius wanted to call her that once again, he could try.Tomorrow was the day. Even though everyone already knew about the wedding and made their minds about it, Hermione still felt like tomorrow would be the day she sold her dignity and freedom off. She went to bed with a sense of panic and spent half of the night trying to fall asleep.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  July 3rd
Someone was shaking her. Hermione turned to the other side and hid under the blanket. The blanket was taken away from her with force.“What do you want?” Murmured Hermione.“For you not to be late to our wedding.”“What time is it?” She kept her eyes closed and dreaded getting up.“It’s eight-thirty. Now get up. Breakfast is in the tearoom.”When Malfoy left, Hermione slowly opened her eyes and looked at the window. She spent the night thinking about her future and managed to fall asleep only at dawn. She didn’t have enough energy to carry herself through the day.Hermione walked into the tearoom and all eyes shot up to her. Thankfully Draco’s parents weren’t present, or she would simply turn around and walk away. Everyone was still sleepy, except for Pansy. She was holding a small board in her hands, that held multiple papers on top. It looked like she woke up at least an hour ago.“Good morning, sleepyhead. We were about to go through the plan.” Pansy took a sip from her cup of coffee.“Yeah, for like the hundredth time.” Rolled his eyes, Blaise.Pansy slightly hit him on the back with her board. Blaise choked on his drink and started coughing.“It’s not my fault that I want everything to be perfect.” She smiled. “Okay, the ceremony starts at two, which means guests will arrive at least half an hour prior. Everyone has to be ready at one-thirty, got it?”“We’re not morons, you know?” Murmured Blaise.“Anyways, Hermione, you have until nine-thirty to finish your breakfast and anything else you have to do. Then I will take you to get your hair and make-up done. Everyone else, scatter.” Pansy quickly exited the room.“She’s like that the entire morning.” Said Ginny after seeing Hermione’s confused look. “I have to get my hair done in ten minutes, best not to keep her waiting.”“I’ll leave you two to it then.” Blaise winked and walked away.Hermione sat quietly for a while. She had no idea what to say. She would meet him at the altar next time and a few hours was not enough of time.She didn’t know how she even felt about him. A part of her hated him, for who he was, for what he did, and just for the sole fact that Hermione was stuck with him for a year, she hated him for having to kill. But another part of her started to feel a little soft and she wasn’t sure if it was a good thing. Hermione started to notice the difference between the times when he was actually mad and when he was just trying to look scary when he was hurt by something and built a wall between him and the rest of the world or the look in his eyes when he teased her. 
  It doesn’t matter.

  I’m here to get information for the Order and leave.

  He’s just a target, nothing of significance. 

  He’s not a friend, not an enemy. 

  Malfoy is my nothing.
 “See you at the altar, I guess. I hope you won’t mind us kissing.” Malfoy winked.“As long as it fits the occasion.”“See you then.” He smirked.She could tell that he was joking to break the tension but it didn’t really help. Hermione finished her breakfast in peace but could already feel her heart begin to beat faster. It was a feeling similar to being minutes away from going onto a stage before the eyes of a crowd to do something important. Something that her life was leading up to in the past few months.Hermione returned to her room and tried not to panic. She paced across the room, trying to breathe in a steady tempo. All she did was to prevent thoughts from making their way into her head and causing chaos. Today she didn’t have the luxury of losing it. Hermione had to be busy. As soon as the clock showed that it was time for her to get ready, she headed out to Pansy’s room.Pansy caught her halfway and waved her finger.“Tut-tut! I said that I would come and get you. This way.” She grabbed Hermione’s hair and pulled her in the other direction.Pansy managed to yell at a couple of waiters and musicians that weren’t in their places on their way upstairs. Hermione found herself in the furthest wing of the house.The door opened, showing a room that carried the sole purpose of getting ready. There was a full-length mirror, a small divider that someone could get changed behind, a couch, and a wide table covered with make-up products.“I wanted to hire someone to do the job but figured that we are the best.” Pansy smiled.“I’ll do your hair and she will handle your make-up.” Ginny stood next to the table.Hermione sat down and spent the next few hours chatting. Finally, the girls let her go and Hermione began walking towards the mirror.“No, don’t look yet.” Ginny stood in her way. “Put the dress on first.”Hermione walked behind the divider and ran her fingers through the fabric of the dress that hanged on it.When Hermione put the dress on, she knew once again that it was perfect. Even without seeing it in the mirror, she felt could feel it by the way the dress fit her.Hermione stepped out and watched the two of the most talkative people that she knew, except for Skeeter, lose their ability to speak.“You look like a princess ‘Mione.” Ginny smiled.“I can’t believe that I’m about to tear up.” Pansy waved herself with the small board.Ginny gently grabbed Hermione by the shoulders and turned her around.The dress was made from flowy light material and was a pale beige color. The top was a strapless corset with little white handsewn flowers all over it. The flowers went down to about three-quarters of the dress’s length, eventually getting smaller and thinning out. The puffy sleeves started below her shoulders and stretched to her wrists. Hermione didn’t just look like a princess, she felt like one. Ginny grabbed the veil and gently pinned it on the back of her hair.“I have no words, honestly.” Pansy smiled.“Wait a second.” Ginny grabbed a small camera from the table. “You’ll have plenty from the press and the photographers but this one is for the archives.”Hermione smiled, as the camera flashed.“Perfect. Pansy, can you take a picture of us together?” Ginny waved the printed-out photo for a second before hiding it in her bag.Pansy didn’t have time to answer. Narcissa Malfoy walked into the room, wearing a fabulous dark purple dress.“Hermione, dear, you look astonishing. Would you mind if I have a word with you in private?”Hermione looked at the girls, unsure what to answer.“We were just leaving anyway.” Pansy dragged Ginny out after her.Narcissa waited for them to close the door before sitting down and beginning to talk.“This is a happy day for all of us and I wouldn’t want to spoil it for you. But we have to admit that this is a bit rushed, and I don’t know you that well…”“It’s a little late for doubts I think.” Hermione huffed and sat on the edge of the windowsill.“Just tell me one thing. Is this real? Do you truly love my son? Will you always be by his side to support him? Can I trust you with him, while we are far away?” Narcissa asked in a worried tone.Hermione felt something in her guts turn. She was fine with lying until now. The look in Narcissa’s eyes was so full of pain and worry that she had to look away. She took a beat to gather herself.“Yes, it is real. I’ve been asked many times, but the answer won’t change.”Narcissa carefully dragged her palm across Hermione’s cheek.“I trust you. Even though Lucius doesn’t like it, he’ll come around. You have my full support.” She smiled and hugged her.When Narcissa took a step back, Hermione saw her wipe a tear away.“I’ll leave you then.” She walked out.Hermione sat still for a few moments and went out into the corridor to find the girls.“I suggest you go back inside.” Snape studied her outfit.“What are you doing here?”“Making sure you don’t run away. Now go back into the room.”“I’m just looking for my friends.”“Go back to your room.” His tone sharpened.Hermione scoffed and went back inside. She sat down on the windowsill in a sunny spot and looked out of the window. There were lots of people walking and chatting in little groups. From up here, they looked small and so distant, that Hermione watched them for a few minutes with the same fascination, as if they were little bugs.
  If the guests are here, there’s less than an hour left.
Hermione rested her head against the wall. The only person that she fully trusted was Ginny and she was nowhere to be found. She felt the common sting in her chest when she thought about her parents. 
  I miss you, mom and dad.

  If only you could see me today.

  If only you dad could walk me down the aisle.

  I feel so lonely without you here today.

   
Hermione felt a tear roll down her face and she quickly dried it with a napkin. Thankfully, Pansy took measures in case of a crying emergency, so Hermione didn’t have to worry about having mascara smudged over her face.Hermione felt so out of place and lonely on the day that was supposed to be a celebration.“It’s time to go, Granger.” Snape opened the door.
   

  Merlin, no.
 “Give me five more minutes.”“Hurry up.”Hermione felt a rise of panic. She had the same feeling when she came unprepared for an important lesson for the first time in her school life. And then, of course, got asked. She was about to do something, which she had no plan for. Except for this time, this wasn’t some essay on types of love potions.Hermione felt dirty, she was lying to everyone she knew. And for what? The Order didn’t give two shits about her.She didn’t notice how she started chewing on her nails or that Snape entered the room once again.“Granger, we have to go now. Everybody is waiting for you downstairs.”Hermione shook her head, making swirls of copper curls fly around her.“Give me a minute Severus,” she said quietly.Snape took a sharp breath, turned around on his heels, and slowly walked toward the door. When he was about to exit, he looked at her.“You have five minutes, and if I don’t see you in the hallway by then, I will have to drag you out,” he said as he was shutting the door.Hermione took a shaky breath and pressed the palms of her hands over her eyes. How could she face her friends when they saw her as a traitor? She never imagined the day of her wedding like this. Without Harry or Ron by her side. Forced to be with the person that she despises the most, except for Voldemort. There wasn’t a single soul that she could tell about what she was feeling without compromising herself and it made her feel like the loneliest person in the world. Merlin, if she could go back in time, she would have never accepted the proposal. Hermione was pulled away from her thoughts by a loud noise on the other side of the door. A female voice was yelling at someone, who presumably was Snape. A moment later the door swung open and Ginny Weasley stormed in.“Of course, she is anxious, any bride would be!” She was walking toward Hermione and spitting angry words at Severus Snape that was now standing in the doorframe unusually amused. ” And out of all people they decided to leave her with you! Get out!”Snape gathered himself and was opening his mouth to respond but Ginny interrupted him.“I don’t care if this place is swarming with Death Eaters. Call for one of them and see what happens!”“Don’t test His patience.” Snape moved his brows together and slammed the door from the other side.Ginny stood quietly, trying to catch her breath and studying Hermione’s face, searching for tears or any other signs of a breakdown.“So how are you feeling? Are you sure that you still want to do this?”“Just a tiny bit anxious but I’m fine. Besides, I doubt that I could run away from a wedding like this.” Hermione gave Ginny a weak smile.She was lying. She would rather die on the battlefield with honor than have half the wizards think that she was a traitor and the other half to believe that she was in for the money.“Merlin, there are so many things about this wedding that I can’t understand. Why him? Why now? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”“I already answered those questions multiple times Ginny. I don’t know what you want to hear from me.”“The truth would be nice.”“It is the truth” Hermione sighed and walked up to a body-length mirror to smooth out her dress.
  I’m so tired of the constant lies.
“I can’t believe it, I left for ten minutes, and they put a hound at your door.” Ginny rolled her eyes. “It’s your queue though. Everyone is waiting for you. Are you ready?”Hermione swallowed slowly and took a few steps on wobbly legs.“You look as pale as a bloody ghost.” Ginny stopped her and took a flask out of her bag. “Drink this.”Hermione took a sip and coughed.“What is this?”“Firewhiskey.”“You could have warned me.”“If you don’t want it, then fine. More for me.”Hermione took the flask from her hand and took two more sips. She let out a sigh, feeling the familiar warmth spread through her body.“Come on, let’s give them a show.” Ginny winked. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Do not be afraid; our fate cannot be taken from us; it is a gift.”- Dante Alighieri

   
The quote was spinning in Hermione’s mind as she walked up to the doorway leading into the garden. She slowly descended the stairs and took her first step on the white carpet. Heads turned as the wedding march began to play. Hermione began to walk, trying not to hurry under the stare of so many eyes. Camera flashes from different directions almost blinded her. 
  This is my fate.

  It was all written in the stars.

  This will be my lesson.

  Whatever happens, I will only grow from it.
 Hermione tried not to turn her head and focus on Malfoy. She stepped onto a small stage and let out a shaky breath. Blaise was standing behind Draco and Ginny waited for her next to an empty place. Draco took her hands and looked into her eyes. Hermione felt like hiding from so many people watching her every move.“Don’t worry. You look good.” He whispered and narrowed his eyes, staring at her face. “What is that on your nose?”“Is there something?” Hermione whispered back, panicking.She almost rolled her eyes, when she saw Draco let out a small laugh.An old wizard began a long and boring speech, during which she allowed herself to carefully study the crowd. The first row was taken up by family and Pansy, still holding her board. Hermione smiled when she saw the Weasley family a couple of rows down. Fred noticed her looking and waved his hand, almost immediately receiving a push from Molly and a couple of stares from a group of elderly witches. Hermione had to hold back a giggle. She felt Draco slightly squeeze her hands and refocused on him.“I do.” He stared deep into her eyes.“Do you take Draco Malfoy as your lawful husband?”Hermione swallowed slowly, almost hearing her heartbeat.“I do.”Blaise held out a small velvet pillow with two rings on it. Malfoy took the already common diamond and emerald ring and slid it onto Hermione’s finger. She did the same with a silver ring that had a black stone in the middle.“I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”A whirlpool of feelings collided inside of her. The fright, the intense worry, and…excitement? She could almost see Malfoy waver for a moment. He leaned in, placing his hand on hers, and kissed her. The crowd burst in applause and woos.Draco led her down the aisle, under a rain of flower petals and camera flashes, and into the house.  They took a couple of turns before he let go of her hand.“We did a pretty good job, didn’t we?”Hermione nodded, trying to gather herself.“Only a few hours in a company of people that hate each other left.”“Only a few more hours.” He repeated.Pansy hurried to them with her hands wide open. She hugged them both tightly.“Congratulations! Just to remind you. The garden party is for the next couple of hours. Then dinner and then finally the party in the ballroom.” She read from a timetable pinned to the top of her board. “Ugh, I can’t wait for the last part to get wasted.”“Is every single event a reason to get drunk to you?” Draco raised a brow.“This is a wedding, remember? Something fun, you know.” Pansy noted. “Besides, if I wanted to get drunk, I would start at the garden party. But I won’t because I’m a good wedding planner.”She marched off to lecture another poor waiter.“She should really do this as a job.” Hermione watched Pansy walk off.“She is planning on opening an agency. Wedding, birthdays, anniversaries.”“Good for her.” Hermione looked out of the window and watched the crowd. “We should go out there. It’s rude for hosts to hide away in the house.”“Nothing is rude if it’s a fake wedding. I’ll stay here a little longer.”Hermione threw a disappointed glance at him.“Next time make an effort to tell it to them, rather than to someone who already knows.”Hermione entered the gardens, music filling her ears. The gazebo was packed with a live orchestra. Tables with appetizers stood throughout the garden, waiters with champagne flutes flowing through the crowd. Hermione immediately spotted a company with ginger hair near one of the tables and hurried to it.“Ooh, congratulations.” Molly squeezed her tightly. “I can’t believe that you are so grown up. I remember you this big when you visited the Burrow for the first time. Look at you now.”“Mom, stop pretending that you wish it wasn’t Ron in his place.”“Fred Weasley, if you won’t close that mouth of yours…” She started.“I’m George, actually. When will you be able to tell us apart?”“I’m sorry, Fred. George Weasley, if you don’t…”Ginny almost knocked Hermione down when she wrapped her hands around her.“See, nothing scary. You handled it like a champion. And looked good while you were at it.” Ginny still held her in an embrace. “Come on, let me show you something.”They hurried past a stand, packed with boxes.“What is that?” Hermione turned her head.“Your wedding gifts of course. Come on now, best not to keep Pansy waiting.”They entered the maze and walked for so long, that Hermione began to feel her legs hurt from wearing such high heels. They stopped at a small opening with a bench. Pansy was already sitting there with a flat box in her hands.“What is this?”“It’s a gift for you from the two of us. Go ahead, open it.” Pansy stretched out the box.Hermione sat down, placing the box on her lap and tugged at the silk ribbon. She lifted the top and moved the paper out of the way only to feel silk under her fingers once again. Hermione pulled out a dress, which was the color of dark caramel.“You didn’t…” She started.“We saw how you looked at the dress. We just couldn’t help ourselves. It fits you perfectly. You should wear it to the party after dinner.”  Ginny smiled, watching her reaction.“This is amazing. Thank you so much but you really shouldn’t have. This is crazy-expensive. I will return the money as soon as I get a job.”“Hermione, can you accept gifts at least on your wedding day?” Pansy cocked her head.Pansy ran off to watch over the wedding again, as Ginny and Hermione joined the rest of the Weasleys.“A toast to Hermione!” George raised his glass.A clatter of sounds followed as everyone cheered. Arthur Weasley walked closer to Hermione.“I know it’s not exactly the right place, but I just have to ask you. Our department recently received something called a water gun. Could you explain how it works? It looks really strange and colorful for something that I believe is considered a weapon in the muggle world.”“Dad, stop boring her with work.” Fred intervened. “Hermione, do you know what time the dinner is?  These snacks are making me starve.”“Spoken like a true Ron.” George popped out behind Hermione.“Boys, how many times did I tell you not to apparate during the wedding?” Molly said.“Sorry, Hermione, have to go now.” The twins spoke in unison and stormed off in the direction of the maze.“Would you mind if I took you with me for a couple of minutes?” Malfoy asked.They covered some distance before he cared to explain himself.“Skeeter wants a picture of us before I throw her out.”They took the pictures and bid Rita a good evening. Hermione scoffed when she saw Skeeter hide behind a bush right before supposedly taking a turn.This time it was Kingsley’s turn to speak to Hermione. They went deep into the maze before he finally said a word.“I’m not sure how safe it is to speak here, so be careful, I will be brief too. You did a good job today Hermione. My congratulations to you for successfully getting through the wedding. What progress have you made so far?”To be honest, Hermione hadn’t done anything except exploring the house since she got into the Manor. It wasn’t a question of laziness, rather than fright for her life.“My last attempt ended horribly. I’m sure you can understand and wait a little.”“Remember, we don’t have much time.”“You won’t have any if I die.” Hermione snapped.She was dragged into this mess because of the Order. Surely, they could wait another week or two. They should have been thankful for even getting the opportunity. Hermione left Kingsley standing alone in the maze.The dining room has changed since the last time Hermione was there. The long table was gone, replaced by numerous smaller ones. The biggest table was meant for the husband and wife. She took a seat next to Draco and mentally thanked Pansy. Whether having multiple small tables was a choice based on decoration purposes or not it was a great decision. Hermione couldn’t even begin to imagine the catastrophe if everyone got seated at the same table. There were many guests and most of them didn’t get along with each other. She quickly spotted a couple of Death-Eaters sitting on the opposite side of the room from the Weasley family.Thankfully, the dinner went by peacefully. Pansy welcomed everyone into the ballroom for the final part of the wedding. Hermione slipped past the crowd and went to her room. The silk dress was nowhere to be seen, even though Pansy promised to leave it on the bed. A realization slipped into her mind. She carefully pushed the door into Malfoy’s room. It was empty. Hermione picked up the box from the bed and quickly left. She slipped into the dress like it was her second skin. The silk felt soft against her body. Hermione took off the veil, trying not to ruin the hairstyle that Ginny did.She walked into the ballroom, filled with people to the brim. It really did look gorgeous at night. The chandeliers have been lit, creating little rainbows in the numerous mirrors. Malfoy found her quickly and took her hand.“It’s best if we stay together. It will be suspicious if we spend the night apart.” Draco whispered.They walked around the ballroom greeting guests and receiving congratulations. Malfoy took two champagne flutes from the passing waiter and handed one to Hermione.“To the biggest lie, we ever told.” He toasted.She looked around to make sure that no one heard him.“Come on, no one will hear me in this crowd.”Hermione raised her glass and took a sip.“You should be careful with what you say.” She lectured him.Draco was about to say something smug when his eyes caught something behind her. The smile on his face was wiped away instantly. Hermione turned around to see Lucius Malfoy in a company of a young witch in a scarlet red dress.“Draco, I’m sure you remember Astoria Greengrass,” Lucius said.“Good evening, Astoria.” He said dryly.“Nice to see you again, Draco. My congratulations.” She smiled, showing pearly-white teeth, and planted a kiss on his cheek.Her lipstick left a red stamp on his face.“I’m sure you have lots to discuss. Hermione, can I speak to you for a couple of minutes?” Lucius said in a tone that was ordering rather than suggesting.They took a few steps away to a small high table. Hermione looked at Astoria laughing and wiping away her lipstick on Draco’s face with a napkin. Something sank in her guts, while she was watching the scene.“You see how easy it is to draw him away from you? He was supposed to get married to Astoria until you showed up.” Lucius followed her gaze.“I don’t care about your arranged wedding plans.” Hermione scoffed.“But I do and so does she and her family. Malfoy and Greengrass would’ve united into one big fortune. And what do you bring to the table?”“Did you consider asking your son’s opinion? If he wanted to be with Astoria so much, I wouldn’t have been the one to walk down the aisle.”“Who cares about personal preferences when there is so much at stake? Draco didn’t like the idea at first but after a few months, everything was fine. He was three weeks away from making an official proposal when he broke off things with her. And then he started to appear with you.”“Why are you telling me all this? Do you expect me to divorce him after an emotional speech about money and status?” She raised a brow.Hermione took a large sip of champagne. This conversation was quickly heading to the edge of her patience. She coughed and put the flute down on the table. It tasted bitter. Hermione looked in Draco’s direction. Astoria was chirping about something, but he wasn’t paying attention. His gaze was looking right through her and Lucius. He looked like a predator hunting for prey. She shivered and looked back at Malfoy senior, still tasting the bitterness at the back of her throat.“Who are you to speak of money? I see right through you. There is only one reason for him to marry you so soon and without telling me a word. You got pregnant to keep him, didn’t you?” Lucius said angrily.“What did you put in my champagne?” Hermione asked horrified, feeling her throat go numb.“Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to.” One of the Weasley twins crashed into Lucius, spilling some champagne on him.Hermione saw another ginger head in her peripheral view. A second later both of them were gone. Lucius stared furiously in their direction.“It’s something to get rid of Draco’s problem. He’s no longer bound to you by a baby. Your manipulations are over, Granger.”The room wobbled and so did her legs. Hermione gathered the last bit of her strength.“I’m a Malfoy now, you asshole.”She saw Draco pushing through the crowd when the room went dark.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Without darkness, nothing comes to birth, as without light nothing flowers.”- May Sarton.
 Hermione was floating in the abyss. The voices came through to her from afar, echoing.“I did this for you. You should be grateful, instead of moaning like a little boy. You’re free now”“Get out.”“What did you say?” The voice got angry.“I said get the fuck out.” Fire and ice entwined in the voice of whoever was speaking.“You will regret this. I go to such lengths to protect you and you act like an ungrateful little bitch.”“You know bloody nothing. This house is mine now, so get the hell out of here before I kick you out.”“So this is how you speak to your father? Apologize while you still have the chance.”“You fucking poisoned her, and I’m supposed to apologize? I fucking hate you.”The sound of an opening door echoed through Hermione’s mind.“Draco, he’s your father. Please stop arguing. Lucius, why would you do something like that?” The voice was full of pain.“I did this to protect our family. Why are you so upset over some mudblood? I meant to kill the baby, who cares if I mixed up the dose? Will, you seriously cry over her spilled blood? She’s nothing but an embarrassment to our family.”“Lucius…” The voice was crying.“I can’t even look at you. Get out.”“You won’t do something stupid.”“I’m so sorry… Let’s go.”“I’m not leaving. Those fucking Weasley fools poisoned me too. I was throwing up further than I could see. I deserve an apology too.”“I’m begging you. Please, leave him…”The sound of a door slamming shut sent darts through Hermione’s skull. Someone else was sobbing.“Please wake up…” The voice got closer.Something wet dropped on her face. A hand slowly slid down her cheek. The feeling was surreal. Her entire body was numb and cold. The hand felt like fire against her skin. 
  I am awake.

  Why can’t I open my eyes or move?

   
The door opened once again. The hand quickly left her skin. Hermione found herself yearning for the hot touch once again. Two pairs of footsteps ran into the room.“What happened?”“He poisoned her.” The voice was even further than before.“Hermione, can you hear me?” The worried voice shook her. “She won’t wake up. What do we do?”“I have no idea.” The voice got angry.“Do something!” The person speaking was on the edge of breaking down.A sound of clatter and things falling to the ground followed.“Hold her.”Someone opened her mouth and held her chin. There was more crying. Something slightly cold poured down her throat. Hermione felt like she was going to choke but her body swallowed.She was falling in the darkness. All the noise and arguing voices were getting quieter. It felt like a pulsating hoop was around her forehead. Her head felt like it was going to burst under the pressure. A ringing noise followed. Hermione felt like she couldn’t handle the sensation much longer. The comforting abyss welcomed her once more. Hermione opened her eyes. Malfoy was facing away from her and looking out of the window. She was in his room once again.“She woke up.” Ginny was sitting next to her on the bed. “Hermione, how are you?”“I’m fine.” Her throat was dry and begging for water. “I need something to drink.”Pansy handed her a glass of water. Hermione sat up and drank the entire thing in a few gulps.“How long was I out for?”“About an hour. You scared us all.” Ginny touched her forehead and checked her temperature.Hermione stood up. She was feeling perfectly fine, except for a small headache.“Come on, the dance is about to begin.”“Are you out of your goddamn mind? You almost died.” Malfoy turned around.“I feel normal. Even if I was out, I don’t feel like it.”“The potion that I gave you is still working. You will feel much worse in a matter of hours.” He said dryly.“We should use these hours then.”“Are you actually so stupid? This potion is just making you feel better, you’re still weak.”Hermione huffed.“Can I talk to you for a moment?”Draco walked out onto the balcony and closed the door behind them. He cast a muffliato and leaned onto the railing. Hermione watched the lights in the garden as the wind played with her hair.“Did the guests notice anything?” She asked after a pause.“Are you seriously worried about guests right now?” Draco combed his fingers through his hair.“Answer the question.”“No, most of them didn’t. We just told everyone that you were a bit overwhelmed and needed to rest.”“Perfect. I’m feeling great and I want to dance.”“You’re not going down there.”“I am. You can join me or not. In the end, I can dance alone.” Hermione walked back into the room and out of it.“Where are you going?” Ginny’s voice followed.Hermione ran down the stairs, took a turn, and entered the room. The orchestra was playing calm music and the guests were already divided into small groups for casual talk. She felt someone pull her hand.“Let me go. I want to dance. I don’t know when I will almost die the next time. I don’t want to miss out on the chance of the last dance.” She looked into his eyes.Draco wavered for a moment. He studied her face and let out a sigh.“Do you promise to go up into the room as soon as the dance ends and not leave it until you are fully rested?”Hermione nodded.“Stay here.” He ordered and walked away.Hermione leaned onto one of the small tables and observed the crowd.“How are you feeling? I heard that you were unwell.” Astoria walked up from behind.“I’m great.” Hermione gave her a fake smile.“Draco was so worried about you. I almost thought that something bad happened.”She took a deep breath. There was something awfully annoying about Astoria’s sugary personality. Hermione gathered all her willpower not to say something nasty.“I’m sure he was.”The lights dimmed and the crowd vacated the center of the room. Draco walked up to Hermione and reached out his hand. She placed her palm into his as they walked into the center of the room.“Your stubbornness will be the end of you.” He whispered angrily.Hermione ignored him and took a few steps away. They stood silently, waiting for the music to begin. Hermione threw a quick glance to see who was watching. Astoria crossed her arms and was staring at her. She was about to comment on it to Malfoy when the music began. They raised their hands and slowly walked to each other. They walked in circles without touching each other, only the palms of their hands held close enough to feel each-others heat.“Your girlfriend is jealous.” Hermione huffed.Draco glanced at Astoria and smirked.“Maybe.” He paused. “But my wife seems to be even more jealous.”“I’m not jealous.” Hermione flushed.“Of course, you’re not.” Said Draco while taking a step back and reaching out his hand. “Why do you care then?”“I don’t.” Hermione took his hand and placed her other hand on his shoulder.She felt Draco’s palm on her waist as he pulled her closer.“Then you won’t mind if I take her out to dinner someday. As a friend of course.”Hermione stepped on his foot with her heel without anyone noticing.“No dinner then.” He winced.“You don’t want to blow our cover less than a week into the marriage.” She explained.“Right. That’s the sole reason why you’re so against it.”“Exactly.” She said as they waltzed around the room.“Then perhaps I could invite her over to the Manor. There are no cameras and journalists here.” Malfoy teased.“Can you stop it?”“Why? Does it bother you so much?”“There’s something irresistibly punchable about her face.” She scoffed.Draco let out a small laugh.“Alright, I’ll stop then. There’s no need for a fight at a wedding.”Hermione danced away from him, still holding his hand. She reached her free hand away, trying to hold it the way Pansy told to, and flew back into Draco’s embrace. They looked into each other's eyes as the sonnet came to an end.The guests started applauding. Draco put his hand behind his back and bowed slightly, Hermione did the same. As soon as they blended into the crowd Draco grabbed her arm and headed to the exit.“Hermione, would you mind if I steal your husband for a few minutes?” Astoria got in their way.She said the last few words after a pause with a smile on her face.“Not now Astoria.” Malfoy pushed past her.They entered Draco’s bedroom once again.“I can’t let you go into your room. There are too many guests, besides Pansy or Ginny will come to check up on you. Please stay in bed. I will come back in a couple of hours, as soon as everyone leaves.”Hermione dropped on the bed and stared at the ceiling. She could almost see Astoria wrap Draco in her charms. She would probably hang onto him for the rest of the night. Laughing, talking about past memories, being the easiest person to have a conversation with. Being everything that Hermione wasn’t. 
  And why should I care?

  He can have an affair with her, for all I care.

  It’s a fake marriage.

  Everything is okay as long as the public knows nothing.
 Ginny and Pansy walked in, carrying things in their hands.“How are you? Why did you even go dance?” Ginny handed her a short silk nightdress.“Where did you even find this?” Hermione studied the lace.“It’s another gift from us.” Pansy sat down on the bed.“Go change and drink this.” Ginny handed her two bottles of potion.Hermione read each label with precision. One was supposed to flush all the poison and toxins out of her system and the other would take care of unpleasant symptoms.“Draco is taking care of the guests. We will stay with you until you fall asleep and then check on you every half an hour. If you need something just press this button and it will alert us.” Pansy handed her a small device.Hermione changed into the nightdress in the wardrobe and downed each potion. She chatted with the girls as she slowly drifted off to sleep. Hermione woke up alone in the dark bedroom. The balcony door was open and slightly swinging from the wind. 
  Did the girls open it before they left?
 Hermione felt a cold chill run down her spine. She was sweating profoundly, and the wind felt blazing cold against her skin. She slipped out of the bed, planning to walk out onto the balcony. Someone stepped out from the shades in the corner of the room. As soon as the moonlight touched his face she gasped. Lucius Malfoy was looking at her with a furious expression on his face.“I know everything about you. How dare you entrap and plan to kill my son?” He yelled.Hermione took a step back, shaking. She pressed the button in an attempt to call the girls. The button wouldn’t press down. Hermione panicked, applying full force on it. Her fingertips went white, but the button still wouldn’t obey. She looked up in horror. The last thing she saw was a green light escape from the tip of his wand.She woke up once again. The room was empty, but the balcony door was closed. Hermione was sweating and felt a lump in her throat. She grabbed the empty glass on her nightstand and walked to the bathroom door. 
  It was just a nightmare.

   
She heard a rustle behind her. Her body went numb in fear as she slowly turned around. Her heart was about to break open her chest. A dark figure rose from the sofa in the corner of the room. His platinum white hair reflected the moonlight. Hermione’s hands went limp. The glass fell to the floor, breaking into dozens of small pieces.“Is something wrong?” Draco asked in a worried tone.It felt like a stone was lifted from her chest.“No, I’m fine,” Hermione said in a shaky voice.She felt a strong urge and pushed the bathroom door open. She made it just in time to throw up. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  4th of July
Hermione woke up from the sun shining on her face. She was alone once again. Now that the effects of the potions have worn out and she spent half the night throwing up or seeing nightmares, Hermione felt terribly weak and tired. Dilsy appeared in the room with a pop, holding a tray.“Master told me that Mistress was feeling sick, so I brought breakfast here.” Dilsy placed the tray on the bed.“Please don’t call me that. I’m Hermione.”“But…Can I call you Mrs. Malfoy?”Hermione sighed.“Yes, that will do.”“Does Mrs. Malfoy need anything else?”“Can I get a quill and some parchment, please?”Dilsy nodded and disappeared. Hermione took a sip of her mint tea and smiled as the warmth spread inside her body, urging her to fully wake up. For some reason, she felt a little strange and guilty for eating in his bed. She swatted away the feeling, it being the least of her problems. Dilsy reappeared when she was already finished with her food. Hermione grabbed the tools and went to her room. She then wrote an anonymous letter to the Ministry, asking to apply for a job in the department of magical creatures.“You left.” Draco was standing in the doorway.“Was I supposed to stay in bed all day?”“What are you doing?” He asked, ignoring her question.“Do you have an owl? I need to send a letter.”“To whom, might I ask?”“My secret boyfriend, of course.” She scoffed.“And I was the one to get lectured about Astoria?” He paused, waiting for a reply. “Ask Dilsy or Kreacher to send it. We have an owlery but it’s on the outskirts of the grounds. And drink this.”He tossed her a bottle. Hermione caught it a second before it hit the table. She threw an annoyed glance at him but the spot where he was standing a moment ago was already empty.Hermione called Dilsy and sent the letter after drinking a bottle of potion that was supposed to relieve her symptoms. She almost immediately felt energized. Not knowing what to do with all the strength that she suddenly got back, she wandered through the corridors of the Manor.Hermione stopped by a small table with a vase and a fresh copy of the Prophet on it. Her gaze fell onto a picture of her and Draco in the ballroom. 
  Damn it, Skeeter, you really manage to get anywhere.

   
She picked up the paper to read the article. A piece of rolled-up parchment fell to the floor. Hermione picked it up. It was tied with a rope. A gut feeling fought with reason. She wasn’t supposed to read something that clearly didn’t belong to her. But there was a part of her that begged to open it just out of sheer curiosity. She looked around and made sure that no one saw her. The rope easily slid off, revealing a massive sheet covered in small writing. Hermione almost gasped at the realization of what it was.The parchment contained the amount of information that she wasn’t hoping to find in months. It had ideas of where Harry and Ron could be, where Voldemort has relocated and directions for Malfoy to watch her closely. Hermione read over it a couple of times, trying not to miss any details. She tied the rope and placed the newspaper over the parchment just in time to hear footsteps.“What are you up to?”“Nothing.” She involuntarily came up with the worst excuse ever. “I was about to read the Prophet.”“Didn’t know you preferred Rita to old dusty books with secrets.”“I don’t. Unfortunately, I don’t have any old dusty books with secrets with me, so I had to resort to something slightly simpler.” She mocked.“This house has both and look what you chose.”“I doubt that you would ever let me into the family library.”“You never asked. What does the article say?”Hermione slowly picked up the newspaper, revealing the parchment beneath it. She held her breath, waiting for his reaction.“Go on.” He seemed unbothered.Hermione skimmed through the page, blooming with details of the wedding.“Are you that slow of a reader?” Draco moved closer, trying to read it himself.They stood in silence for some time.“…As they danced with love and passion.” He snorted. “They took the picture right after you stepped on my foot.”Hermione let out a slight chuckle.“Since we’re talking about Skeeter, I should warn you. Our next date is scheduled in two days.” He said.“I’ll start preparing myself then.” She rolled her eyes and walked away.As soon as Hermione reached her room, she locked the door and took the quill out. She quickly wrote a letter to Kingsley and summoned Dilsy.“Take me to the owlery, please.”“I can send the letter myself. There’s no need for Mrs. Malfoy to walk so far.”“I could use some fresh air.”Of course, wanting to go for a walk was just an excuse. Hermione was worried that Draco could ask Dilsy to bring him the letter before sending it. In the back of her head, she knew that Malfoy had more important things to do. But it would be better if she personally saw to the fact that no one could read it.The walk turned out to be longer than expected. It took twenty minutes to get to the owlery on the edge of a forest. Hermione tied the letter to the owl and sent it.
   

  Later that day
Hermione and Draco were eating dinner in the dining room that was already back to normal after the wedding.“Didn’t know that your boyfriend worked in the Ministry.” He broke the silence.“You read my letter!”“You can’t blame me for being curious about who he is.”“It was a joke. And even if I actually had someone it doesn’t give you permission to read my letters.”“You’re cheating on your husband, and I’m not supposed to interfere?” He teased.“God, you’re immature.” She stood up from the table and left.She was right about him reading the letters. It was risky enough to send something like that to Kingsley, Draco only complicated the situation. Hermione decided that from now on she would only report to Shacklebolt in person. 
  Two days later
 Hermione was sipping on her mint lemonade on the terrace of a café. It was blazing hot again, so they had to find a spot in the shade. It didn’t help a lot but was still better than sitting in the sun.“Pansy sent an owl to me yesterday,” Draco told.Hermione cocked her head, waiting for him to continue.“The owner of the Firewhiskey is releasing a line of new flavors. It’s considered a sensation because the company only made one particular type of whiskey since it was founded. Pansy was asking if we were going.”“Don’t you need an invitation to these kinds of events?”“I got one last week. It has a plus one but we’re not going.”“Might I ask why?”“I don’t want you to light the garden on fire once again.”Hermione flushed.“I already apologized for it. Besides, it wasn’t the garden, it was just grass. And I’m not planning on drinking so much anyway.”“There’s no use in discussing it since we’re not going.”“Please? It will be good for publicity.”“Oh, right, publicity at a closed event.” Draco scoffed.“I’ll forget about Astoria and won’t bring her up ever again.” Hermione offered.“And who is it supposed to benefit? Me or you?”Hermione went silent, trying to think of a reason to persuade him. Nothing came to mind.“Please?”Draco fidgeted with the ring on his finger.“Three drinks only and we’re leaving at midnight.”“Thank you.”“What did you just say?”“I said thank you.” She said after a pause.“First time hearing it from you. Would you mind saying it again?”“You’re making me regret saying it.” She rolled her eyes.They were walking out of the café when Draco grabbed her arm and gently pulled Hermione close.“What are you doing?” She whispered.He lowered his head and for a split moment, she thought that he was about to kiss her.“Smile.” He whispered in her ear.“What?” She whispered back.“Smile like when I told you that we were going.”Hermione smiled rather out of confusion about the situation. He took a step away moments later and placed his hand on her back. She walked with him still not understanding what was going on until she spotted a guy with a camera down the street.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The next day
 The Malfoys apparated to a busy street. It was crowded with journalists and people trying to get inside without an invitation. Draco led Hermione to a small tent in the distance. A witch stood at the entrance with a guest list. They were a few steps away from her when someone from the crowd ran up to her.“Your name please.”“Astoria Greengrass.” She was clearly lying.The witch chuckled as a bucket of ice-cold water appeared from thin air and splashed on the woman. She stepped away in embarrassment.“Next, please.” The witch fixed her hair. “Good evening Mister and Missis Malfoy, come in please.”She lifted a piece of fabric covering the entrance to the tent. As expected, inside it was ten times bigger. Two bouncers stood on each side of it. Hermione took a step inside. One side of the room was taken up by tables with make-up artists and the other was a lounge. A young witch walked up to them.“Good evening, Mister Malfoy, if you would like to take a seat before your entrance, our lounge offers a range of fruits and champagne.” She looked at Hermione. “Missis Malfoy, I see that your hair isn’t styled. Would you be so kind and follow me?”They walked up to one of the tables.“Good evening, my name is Isabella. Please, take a seat. What would you like to do to your hair?”“I’m not sure,” Hermione said confused. 
  Why are there make-up artists and hairstylists if this is a closed event?

   
“We could straighten or curl your hair. Or would you like something more complex?”“Curls are fine.” She smiled.Isabella began her work by taking out her wand and pointing at sections of her hair. They turned into silky waves at an instant.“I see that you already have some make-up on. Will you mind if we touch it up a bit? I’m afraid that it won’t be visible under the cameras.”“I thought that no paparazzi were allowed inside.”“True. But there’s still a red carpet before you enter the club.” 
  Does Malfoy have to keep everything a secret?
 “Sure, let’s do it then.”Hermione looked at her reflection in the mirror. She was wearing an asymmetrical short white dress with one shoulder strap. Her left hand was covered with a long sleeve, while the other side of the dress had a strapless neckline. It wasn’t casual at all, but she felt way underdressed for a red-carpet event.They were finished soon, and another witch led her to the lounge area. Hermione sat down next to Malfoy, watching a witch in a floor-length dress walk out of the tent from another exit.“Could you have at least warned me about the red carpet?”“I thought you wouldn’t care. Besides, it’s not that big of a deal. A minute under the cameras and that’s it. Why bother?”Hermione scoffed. Easy to say for someone that constantly dresses in shirts and suits.“It’s your turn.” A witch gestured them to an exit.Draco took her hand as they walked out. The red carpet stretched under a spotlight and flashes of cameras. A wizard quickly gestured them where to stand. Hermione smiled at the cameras, as Draco placed his hand on her back. At first, she felt confused about where to look exactly. Skeeter waved her hand and pointed at the camera next to her. Hermione decided to look anywhere except her. After a minute or so, they finally walked down the red carpet and into the club.Hermione stood still, adjusting to the darkness. Soon she was able to make out people and tables in the purple light. They were led into a small closed-off lounge facing the dance floor. Hermione was surprised to find Pansy, Ginny, Blaise, and an unknown witch waiting for them.“See, not every time I keep something away from you is bad,” Draco whispered.“What took you so long? We already studied the entire menu.” Pansy stretched the menu to Hermione.“The waiter said that the most frequently ordered flavors are cinnamon, apple, and lemon. We can try the tasting board with every flavor or order a cocktail.” Ginny explained.“Niffler’s treasure sounds like fun.” Hermione read from the menu.“I want to try it too.”Draco waved to the waiter.“One apple whiskey and two Niffler’s treasures, please.”“I’ll have a Billywig blue.” Chimed in Pansy.“What do you want sweetheart?” Blaise rested his arm on the shoulders of the unknown witch.“Do you serve cosmopolitans?” She asked.“Sure.” Replied the waiter.“One cinnamon whiskey and a cosmopolitan then.”“Alright. Fair warning though, drinks will be served after the speech.” Said the waiter“We’re not in a hurry.” Smiled Blaise.“Hermione, can I talk to you somewhere quieter?” Asked Ginny.Hermione nodded as they stood up from the table. Ginny led her upstairs and into a corridor with doors that had male and female signs on them. The music was less loud, only the echo of the sound reached up here.“What did you want to talk about?” Hermione leaned onto a wall.“Well, I know that my birthday isn’t coming up for a month. But I still wanted to invite you for my birthday to the Burrow. We could stay up all night gossiping and eating cookies, just like before. I know that you’re married now and probably have other…”“Stop this nonsense. Of course, I will be there. I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Hermione interrupted her. “Just because I’m married doesn’t mean that I’m constantly busy and unavailable.”Hermione hugged her.“I know. It’s just the boys are away, and the twins are constantly in their shop.  Sometimes I feel so lonely and isolated.” Ginny looked down to the floor.Hermione swallowed slowly. The feeling was not uncommon to her.“And I know that they are gone temporarily and you’re not going anywhere. But when I lay alone at night, I get all these thoughts. What if they won’t return, what if you abandon me, or what if the truce is just bullshit and another war will begin soon?”Hermione hugged Ginny.“Get that gutter out of your head. Everything will be alright, you hear me?”Ginny nodded.“Besides, it’s a little too early for the crying part, don’t you think? Last time we raided half the bar before crying.” Hermione smiled.Ginny chuckled and wiped the corners of her eyes with her hand.“Come on, let’s go back there and have the time of our life.” She rubbed Ginny’s shoulder.They came back just in time for the speech. The music turned off and a spotlight hit the center of the stage. A young witch in a long shiny black dress held a wand to her throat to amplify her voice. She started her speech by talking about the company’s traditions and their family’s legacy.Draco leaned closer to Hermione.“That’s the youngest heir of the Firewhiskey fortune. She and her brother are renovating the brand to expand their list of buyers.” He told.“But Firewhiskey is already well known. Anyone above the age of sixteen has heard of it.”“Well, it’s clearly not enough. The statistics show that most of the consumers are above the age of thirty. They want to interest a wider and younger audience.” Draco explained.“Thank you for coming tonight. I’m excited to present even more products to you in the future. But for now, all I ask is for you to have fun.” She finished her speech and a shower of applause followed.Dozens of drinks went flying from the bar in different directions. Their order landed softly on the table. Two tumblers of whiskey, a cosmopolitan, and three cocktails. She had never seen such attractive drinks in her life. Pansy’s ‘Billywig blue’ was actually multiple shades of it. The bottom of her drink was dark purple, which turned into a shade of a summer sky at the top. Hermione grabbed her drink. It was a bright green color with gold dust swirling around. The glass itself was garnished with a four-leaf clover. She took a sip of it and barely tasted the alcohol. It was a mixture of cinnamon and red apple.Hermione eyed a particularly loud company of witches in provocative dresses.“Who are they?” She asked Draco.“Nobody.” He sniggered. “They are all probably plus ones of somebody. Their only goal tonight is to find someone that matters and cling onto him as tight as they can.”Hermione involuntarily looked at his hand to make sure the ring was still on it. He figured out what she was doing and smirked.“Marriage never stopped them. But if someone has even a drop of decency in them, they will stay away from women like them.”“I hope your half-a-drop will suffice.” She said, watching him lean onto the couch.“You’re right. Love and even attraction can’t be bought.” Draco sipped from his glass.Hermione chatted for a while with Ginny. When their drinks were finished, she looked around, searching for a waiter.“I’ll get us something from the bar. What do you want?” She asked Ginny.“No need, I’ll get them.” Draco intervened.They told him their order and he walked away.“Are you sure you don’t want to dance?” Ginny asked for the second time this evening.“Not yet. Let me finish my next drink and we’ll see.”“Please hurry up. There’s a really hot guy on the dance floor.” Pansy urged.“It doesn’t depend on me. We’re all waiting for the drinks to come.” Hermione turned her head, trying to find Draco in the crowd.“What’s taking him so long?” Pansy groaned.A group of wizards walked away from the bar and Hermione saw what exactly was taking so long. Or to be precise, who was. Astoria was chatting with Draco, as he leaned on the bar. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “What’s taking him so long?” Pansy groaned.A group of wizards walked away from the bar and Hermione saw what exactly was taking so long. Or to be precise, who was. Astoria was chatting with Draco, as he leaned on the bar.There was an unpleasant feeling in her guts, but Hermione couldn’t register what exactly it was. There was something so wrong in seeing them together.“What is that bitch doing in here?” Pansy scoffed.Hermione turned her head and saw the two girls looking furiously towards the bar. Blaise and his arm candy were watching the unfolding scene with interest.Hermione dug her nails into the couch. She had to stay put. It is a fake marriage. He’s not bound to her by any means. But there was something deeply humiliating and aggravating about it. He was flirting with Astoria right in front of her friends. In front of the whole club, for Merlin’s sake. Hermione tried to explain her feelings but deep inside she knew that this wasn’t about other people seeing or keeping up an image for the press.At last, Draco made his way to the table, drinks floating before him. Hermione was about to say something but saw Astoria making her way to their table. A tidal wave of feelings rose and crashed inside of her. She lost the ability to say anything, slowly feeling anger boiling inside of her. Hermione grabbed her drink, tossed the straw aside, and took three big gulps.“Whoa, slow down there. This isn’t a competition.” Blaise tried to stop her.She threw an angry glance at him and took a few more gulps. Malfoy sat down next to her. Astoria came up to the table moments later.“Good evening. I hope I’m not interrupting anything.” She smiled and giggled.“Not at all, we were all waiting for you,” Pansy said venomously.Hermione watched Astoria arch her back to show off a rather low V-cut.“Can we go dance now?” Even the witch that came with Blaise seemed annoyed.She pulled his hand and marched off to the dance floor. Ginny and Pansy followed them with their eyes, visibly jealous of their position.“You drank half of it already.” Malfoy arched his brow.“Wow, you’re fast. I always struggle with my drinks. It takes me half an hour to finish one.” Astoria smiled.“Astoria, has anyone ever told you that you’re incredibly interesting?” Hermione said in the sweetest voice.She heard a snort on her right. Malfoy seemed to be enjoying the show. Well, she’s had enough of it. She took a swig from her glass.“Not really, but people often compliment me on my-…” Greengrass didn’t get to finish.Hermione pushed past Draco and her, sliding her hand across the table. A bright-pink cocktail spilled onto Astoria’s lap, causing her to gasp.“I’m sorry. People often tell me that I’m clumsy.” Hermione spat.“Don’t worry, I’ll just use a spell.” She said in a sugary tone.Hermione swore under her breath and walked away from the table. Her legs led her back into the corridor where she spoke to Ginny earlier. She didn’t want to go into the bathroom. She knew that once she would close the door behind her, all the suppressed feelings would come crashing down at her. Instead, she slid down a brick wall.Hermione tried to breathe deeply and slowly but stopped after feeling dizzy. She didn’t drink that much but she did it in a short period of time. She wasn’t wasted or even close to it. All she felt was a slight warmth and lightness throughout her body. She felt better away from the deafening music and people. The only thing that she could hear was the beat of the music and some especially loud parts of it.A pair of trousers appeared in her view. She smiled, getting a deja-vu. Hermione looked up only to see a complete stranger towering over her.“You’re coming with me.”“What?” She stood up confused.“Your flock has left already. I’m your last chance for tonight.”He must’ve mistaken her for one of the sell-out girls. 
  Am I really that underdressed?

   
“Go find someone else. I’m married.” She showed her hand.“Yeah, yeah. You’re not like other girls, you’re taken but just for me, you’ll make an exception if I buy you a cocktail. I’ve heard the story many times already, no need to continue.” He lowered her hand but didn’t let go of it.She felt a spark of electricity escape her. The protection spell was working but he was so drunk that he barely noticed. Hermione pulled her hand back, but the stranger jerked it back with even more strength.“Stop playing and go to the bar.” He pulled her.Hermione tried to stop him with her feet. She leaned back and pulled. The stilettos that she wore weren’t the best equipment for that. A force escaped from her hand and the stranger flew into the opposite wall. She tripped and fell from the whiplash, bracing herself for what would follow. Nothing happened.She heard a muffled thud and opened her eyes only to see the stranger grunting and leaning on the wall with his hand.“You’re fucking wrong for doing this.” He panted and wiped the blood away from his lip.“She didn’t want to go.” Draco’s voice was cold as ice.“I’ll remember you.” He threatened as he walked away.As soon as he turned the corner Draco rushed up to Hermione that already managed to stand up.“Are you okay? Did he touch you?” He took her hand and turned it, trying to find marks.“Don’t touch me!” Hermione ripped her hand away from him and took a step away. “You think it’s okay to flirt with Astoria and then prance in here like a knight in shining armor to save me? I don’t need your help out of pity.”“I wasn’t flirting with her,” Draco said in a serious tone.“How should I know? You lie constantly.”“I never kept anything significant away from you.”“Right and I’m supposed to believe you.” She scoffed.“She came up to me and started talking. I tried to get her off my back, but she just wouldn’t leave. This was supposed to be a night for you. A surprise with friends and drinks. Do you really think that I would do something like that?”“A night for me?” Hermione laughed hysterically. “Why would you do something like that for me? I’m much more convinced that you did this on purpose. You knew that everyone would see. You did it to humiliate me in front of both mine and your friends.”She leaned on the wall, watching him drill her with his eyes. He brushed his hair away from his forehead and sighed.“Nothing to say?” Hermione chuckled slightly.Draco took a step to her and placed his hands on the wall above her. The smell of apples and cologne took over her. Hermione looked up at him pridefully.“I did this because I have feelings for you and if you’re too thick-skulled to understand it, then it’s your fucking problem.” He breathed out.Hermione froze. Her brain couldn’t physically register what she had just heard.“Nothing to say?” He chuckled sadly.She was still processing. There was nothing that she could say. Her brain went dead, not a single idea of what to do. The moment was slipping away. All she knew was that she had to do something, prevent things from getting even more messed up.There was a slight rustle as his hands slid down and off the wall.“Forget it. I mean it. Let’s go back to our table, Astoria is gone already.”She didn’t want to forget it. She didn’t want to go back to their table. And she didn’t give a shit about where Astoria was. Her brain kept repeating not to mess things up, not to make everything even more complicated. Hermione muffled her inner voice as she reached out to Draco and pulled him back by his shirt.Her lips found his. He tasted like apple whiskey that he had drank earlier. Draco grabbed her back and pulled her closer. Hermione let out a breath, feeling the heat from his body. He pulled out of the kiss, his eyes two pools of dark silver.“Fuck…”He muttered under his breath.The world became a whirlpool of colors. In the back of her mind, Hermione thought that apparating drunk was a bad idea.They were standing in one of the corridors of the Manor. Draco pushed Hermione’s back against the wall and kissed her neck. She felt warmth spreading in the bottom of her stomach. His touch sent electricity through her body. She felt like there was no air left without his lips on hers. Draco slightly bit her bottom lip, making her moan into his mouth. Hermione slid her fingers into his hair as his hands made their way down from her shoulders and along the arms.He stopped abruptly, still holding her arm, and looked down on it. It was dark but the light coming from the window was enough to see the crossed-out word on her hand. Hermione cupped his face and leaned in. Draco took a step back, letting go of her arm. The ache from the lack of his touch was almost physical.“This is a mistake.” He turned his back to her and leaned onto the windowsill.“What? Is this one of your…”“Go to bed. We are both drunk. I shouldn’t have started this.” Draco’s voice was emotionless."Don't you dare walk away from this" Hermione was furious.He apparated before she could say another word.Hermione didn’t remember the walk to her room. She lazily kicked off her shoes and fell on the bed. Her thoughts and emotions were a mess. So used to certainty, she tried to stick to facts. 
He confessed his feelings.
I kissed him.

I wanted him. Every second of it.


  I may doubt whether it was alcohol or the situation but there’s another fact left.
 She buried her face in the pillows.
   

  If I was unsure about it for even a second, the spell would’ve thrown him across the room or worse.

   
Hermione looked up to the window, trying to prevent the thought from forming, trying to distract herself. It was too late.
   

I have feelings for Draco Malfoy.

  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione spent a while trying to leave her room. A part of her wanted to tell Draco everything that she thought about him leaving last night. But the other part knew that she would struggle to even look him in the eyes after what happened. She brushed away the thoughts of him being a Death-eater, that they were fighting on the opposite sides. She didn’t want to go down that road. Not now. Not until she figures out what to do next. This was no longer some political mess. What happened was between Draco and Hermione, not a Death-eater and an Order member. This time she wasn’t going to stay silent or run to tell Kingsley. She was going to woman up and deal with it on her own.Hermione kept up the attitude as she pushed the door into the dining room. It was empty, with only one set of cutleries on the table. 
  He won’t even bother to have breakfast with me.

  Am I just a mistake to him?Is he afraid to look me in the eye because it meant nothing to him?

  I doubt that he will be able to hide away in his room for a year.

   
Hermione ate her breakfast half expecting him to walk in any minute. He didn’t.By the time she was done with her food annoyance took over her. She thought that he would eat in his room for the rest of the year as a joke but now it seemed more real than ever. She marched over to his room and tried the handle. It was locked. Hermione pulled out her wand and cast a spell. There was a small click as the door unlocked and opened. She stepped inside, quickly losing her confidence.There was no trace of Draco in the room. His bed looked like he didn’t sleep in it. It felt like she was in a hotel room. There was no sign that someone ever lived here.“Dilsy.” She called out, panicking.The house-elf popped up in the room, looking at her attentively.“Where is Draco?” Her heartbeat fastened.“Master has left last night.”“Where?”“Master hasn’t told me.”“When will he come back?”“Dilsy doesn’t know.”Hermione’s heart dropped. She lowered into an armchair and pressed her palms against her eyes.
   

  This can’t be happening.

  No…He will be back soon.

  He probably went off on some meeting and will come back.

  Death-eaters often meet at night, do they?

   
“Can Dilsy help?” The house-elf distracted Hermione from her thoughts.“No, it’s fine. You can go back now.” She shook her head.She walked out onto the balcony and looked at the fields stretching before her eyes. Hermione felt like a speck of dust compared to the size of the Manor. Now that Draco left, it felt emptier than ever.She stumbled into the corridor, completely lost. She played out every single scenario in her head except for this one.Hermione didn’t leave her room until dinner. She tried reading but quickly got distracted by thoughts. After numerous attempts, she tossed away the book and stared out of the window for hours.Hermione entered the dining room only to find it empty once again. She dropped into a chair and clutched her hand around the edge of the table. 
  Who was I trying to trick?

  He’s not at a meeting or doing something important.

  He left because I’m nothing more than a mistake to him.

  A mistake that should be forgotten, tossed aside, and hidden away.

  His family thinks that he’s a blood traitor for marrying me.
 Hermione snorted.
   

  He vanished away after a single look at the word Mudblood.
 She nibbled at her food reluctantly. She completely lost her appetite. The juicy chicken covered in spices tasted like chalk to her. After a few bites, Hermione stood up and left. She fell asleep that night, hoping that he would come back tomorrow.He didn’t. But the nightmare featuring Lucius did. She woke up unrested and stressed out.Hermione was sitting on the edge of her bathtub and applying ointments to her scars. The ones on her legs turned into thin white lines, that would probably go away in a matter of months. She didn’t use any on the Mudblood crossed out on her hand. The word was pale white and would doubtfully ever fade away. Bellatrix used dark magic to carve it out and the remains of it still lingered, making this scar permanent. Hermione didn’t want the scar on top of it to fade. Even though she got it in a horrible way, it was a sign of protest now. A symbol that she couldn’t be reduced to a word. That she was more than her blood status.Hermione turned off the lights and went to bed. It was her second night with Malfoy being away. She never thought that his absence would be such a struggle. The corridors seemed to be darker. Every time she turned a corner Hermione held her breath, afraid that someone was there. The dining room just like the rest of the house seemed unwelcoming.Hermione turned over in her bed, unable to sleep. She knew what she needed to feel safe. She thought about it during the day but brushed it off as absurd. Now the idea was haunting her. She turned over again and watched the moon for a while, hoping to drift off. Nothing happened, Hermione felt as awake as she was during the day. She closed her eyes and tried counting sheep. Her eyes shot open in frustration after number two hundred. Hermione swore under her breath and stood up.She carefully opened the door to his room, half expecting him to be there and kick her out. It was abandoned just as before. Hermione walked up to his bed and reluctantly got under the covers. She felt like an intruder like she wasn’t supposed to be there. This time she quickly fell asleep and saw no Malfoys in her dreams.She woke up to Dilsy standing in the room.“A letter for Missis Malfoy.” The creature stretched his hand out.Hermione felt her heartbeat fastening. She sat on the bed and tore the envelope impatiently. 
  Hermione,

  I have received your letter. Thank you for your help. I can’t discuss certain matters with you via letters, so please come visit me as soon as you can.

  Kingsley Shacklebolt

   
Hermione tossed the paper aside. It was not what she expected to see. She got up and went to her room to get dressed. A visit to the Ministry would be better than doing nothing all day again. Besides, she still hadn’t heard back on her job application. 
  Later that day
Hermione took a seat in front of Kingsley’s desk and waited for him.“Good morning, Hermione. You’re earlier than I thought. Did Malfoy suspect anything when you were leaving?”“It’s none of his business.”“Alright then. Thank you for providing the Order with such useful information. They didn’t quite guess Harry and Ron’s location, but we still moved them to a place further away from England. We don’t exactly need Voldemort’s location yet, since he’ll move around before the year is up. We’ll need to know where he is by the end of the year to strike unexpectedly.” Kingsley told.Hermione sat still and listened without a single emotion on her face.“You look strange today. Is everything alright?” He stopped.“I’m fine. Just a little tired.” She explained.“Nothing happened to you, right? Did he do something?” Kingsley seemed concerned.Flashbacks of him pushing her against the wall and covering her neck with kisses flooded her memory. She swallowed slowly and shook her head.“No, nothing happened. I wouldn’t be here if he had done something to me.”“Good to know. Well, I’ll see you later.”“Goodbye.”Hermione was already at the door when he spoke once again.“I sent a letter to Ginny from the boys last night. Ask her for it if you want to.”“Will do.” She smiled awkwardly and left the office.Hermione took the elevator to another floor and walked up to a desk in a lobby.“Good morning. What can I do for you-…” The elderly woman said lazily and looked up from her desk. “Hermione Granger, how can I help you? I mean, Malfoy.”“Good morning. I filed a job application a few days ago and still haven’t heard back.”“Let me see.” The witch pointed her wand at a stack of papers, which lit up in purple. “I’m sorry, I can’t find anything under your name.”“Uh- I sent it anonymously.” Hermione fidgeted with her hair.“Oh, okay. Which department did you apply to?”“Regulation and Control of Magical creatures.”The witch cast a spell once more and three papers flew out of the pile. They floated right in front of her face, surrounded by a purple glow. Hermione glanced at them, immediately recognizing her handwriting on one of the parchments. She plucked the letter out and the other two flew back in an instant.“Your application hasn’t been reviewed yet. Would you like to personally speak to someone or wait a few more days?”Hermione wanted to wait and be polite. Just because her name used to be Granger doesn’t mean anything, she wasn’t entitled to a job. But the sole thought of having to spend more time in the Manor, doing absolutely nothing terrified her.“Could I speak to someone if it won’t trouble them, please?” She asked shyly.After waiting for a couple of minutes, she was led into a small office. A middle-aged witch sat behind a desk.“Good morning Missis Malfoy, my name is Alfred. Please take a seat.”Hermione sat down, not knowing where to start.“You’re here to apply for a job, right?” She tapped her nails on the table.Hermione nodded. After a rather short questioning, Alfred leaned back in her chair.“Well, our department will be glad to have someone like you working with us. We currently have a spot available in the Beings Division and the Office of Misinformation. I assume the latter does not interest you much.”“I have always dreamt of working in the Beings Division. It would be an honor for me to get the job. I have many plans on evolving the situation regarding house-elves.”“Sounds great. You can start tomorrow at nine.”Hermione bid the witch a good day and walked out of the office. She didn’t want to go to the Manor and wait for tomorrow. Hermione wanted to stretch her time. She looked around the empty street and apparated.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione stepped into a shop filled with potion ingredients to the brim. She picked up a small cauldron and walked around the store collecting herbs. She debated for a while whether sundried or marinated snowdrop would be best and stopped on the latter. Hermione walked up to the shelf with tiny glass boxes. Each was labeled as pixie dust and had only a couple of specks inside. Only one box per customer a week was available. It wasn’t because it was hard to collect. In larger amounts pixie dust was considered a very hard drug but such a small quantity was needed in some potions. She carefully placed the box into the cauldron and walked up to the register. After signing her name in a list of customers that bought pixie dust her purchases were wrapped up and she was ready to go.The walk from the fields to the house was much longer than needed. Hermione dreaded the empty hallways and the echo her footsteps sent through them. She quickly got to her room and unpacked her bags. She had to be done before nightfall.Hermione opened a book on potions and followed the instructions with precision. Even though she knew the recipe by heart it was her first time brewing this and she didn’t want to make any mistakes. A tap of the wand against the cauldron made it heat up slowly. She stirred the liquid counterclockwise and dropped in crushed-up petals, bringing the potion to the boiling point. She waited for ten minutes before letting the temperature go down. Hermione began stirring clockwise and dropping in the pixie dust. She let it simmer for half an hour before turning off the heat to let the potion cool down. She then filled up five bottles to the brim and labeled them as ‘sleeping potion’.By the time Hermione was done the sun already went down. She drank one of the potions and went to bed. She wasn’t planning on sleeping in Draco’s bed anymore but seeing nightmares before her first day of job wasn’t a great idea either. Hermione turned off the lights and went to bed. She woke up later than expected. The potion did the job a little too well. Hermione rushed to the bathroom, trying to fit in all the preparations in fifteen minutes. She didn’t even bother to check for Draco this morning. There was no time, and she already knew that he would be nowhere to be found.She walked through the doors of the Beings Division at eight fifty-five, panting slightly from the rush.“Good morning.” Alfred was already waiting for her.Hermione imagined how awkward it would be for her to be late and leave her standing.“Good morning.”“Let me show you to your cubicle.” They started walking.They reached a tiny cubicle with nothing on the table except for a quill, ink, and a stack of parchments.“I was fascinated by your will to reform the conditions of the house-elves yesterday.”“Thank you.” Hermione nodded.“Unfortunately, you don’t have any work experience yet. I will gladly listen to every aspect that you want to change later. You asked for fair treatment, so this week you’ll be on probation. And you’ll have to gain a little experience in the field before any suggestions to change the law.” Alfred explained.Hermione nodded, agreeing.“You can start by sorting out these complaints. A lot of them are sent into our division by mistake. Please send them out to the correct divisions. I expect a list of complaints related to beings on my table by tomorrow evening. If you have any questions, I’m in my office.” With those words, Alfred walked away.Hermione looked at the massive pile of parchments on her table. She doubted that she would be done by the end of the week, let alone tomorrow. The room was starting to fill up with people. Hermione sat down, hoping that no one would notice her. She picked up the parchment laying on the top of the stack and read the complaint. It was about an Acromantula terrorizing some poor wizard’s farm. Hermione scoffed. How could anyone mistake an Acromantula for a being? She read through the complaints, surprised by some people’s stupidity and lack of knowledge at categorizing creatures. In a matter of an hour, she went through a quarter of the complaints, stacking them in neat piles.Hermione giggled about a wizard trying to catch a ghost mouse with a mousetrap. She placed the complaint into the Spirit Division stack when she heard a light tap on her right.
  Uh oh…
“Hermione, good to see you!” Katie Bell smiled.“Hi, how are you?”“I’m fine. How are you? I didn’t know that you will be working with us.”“I wanted to for quite some time now.”“It’s great to have someone like you with us. Do you want to go to lunch together? I really want to discuss many things with you but the amount of work after the war is killing me.”Hermione wasn’t sure if she could afford to waste her time on lunch, but it would be impolite to decline the invitation. Besides, she didn’t really know her way around the Ministry, so having someone to help would be nice. Of course, there was Alfred but asking her boss questions on unimportant matters would be strange if not unprofessional.“Sure, why not?” Hermione answered.“See you in a couple of hours then.” Katie disappeared.Hermione went back to work. Sorting out complaints was much easier and quicker than she expected. She was done with half of them by lunch and was hoping to finish by the end of the day.Katie showed her a café across the street from the Ministry, which she claimed to have one of the best tomato soups in the city. They chatted about nothing. Hermione did her best to avoid topics related to Draco and found herself actually enjoying the conversation. It was the first time in a while that she spoke about something else than her personal mess. Katy told her about the Centaur office, and they laughed about its usefulness.Hermione felt uplifted after lunch with Bell. Even the sorting seemed to move faster, and she was done by the end of the day, as predicted. She asked Katy how to send the complaints to other divisions and after doing that, walked to Alfred’s office with a much smaller and neater stack.“Do you have a question?” Alfred lifted her gaze from the papers on her table.“No, I don’t. I’m here to give you the complaints related to Beings. I’ve sent the rest to other Divisions.”Alfred paused, scanning the papers in Hermione’s hands. There was a look of disbelief on her face.“You’re already done?”“Mhhm” Hermione nodded.“Put them here.” She pointed at a spot on her table.Hermione did as told and stood waiting for further directions.“Can I be honest with you, Hermione?” Alfred moved away from the table and stretched.“Of course.”“This was meant to be a test. I thought you wouldn’t be able to sort them by tomorrow. You would get confused about sorting or run out of time. This was meant to teach a lesson on responsibility and deadlines. Tell me, did anyone help you?”“Katie explained to me how to send papers to other divisions.”“I see.” Alfred rubbed her forehead. “Well done. You can go home now. I’ll make sure to give you a more appropriate task tomorrow.”“Thank you, have a nice evening.”“I sure will.” Alfred scoffed at the documents on her table. “Have a nice evening too.”Hermione came home energized. Work has always made her feel better like she had a purpose. It kept her organized and contained. The pain from Draco leaving was now only an echo, something unimportant. 
  It would be best for him not to come back.

  I have a job now. I’m doing useful things for the society.

  His return will only complicate things.
 Hermione was right. Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into a month. She was successfully doing her job in the Ministry, trusted with more and more important tasks. By August Alfred even asked Hermione to start preparing her project. She promised to take a look at it as soon as Hermione would be done with her current task. Eventually, she had to talk to Kingsley about why they weren’t appearing together in public any longer. He was extremely upset but couldn’t do anything about it. 
  Monday 10th of August
Hermione packed up her things and walked out of the Ministry. Ginny’s birthday was on Tuesday, so she had to ask for two days off. She doubted that they would get enough of sleep and didn’t want to go to work on Wednesday tired. Especially because her project presentation was coming up. She was almost done with an extremely tiring and hard case of a werewolf attack, where she had to work with the Beast Division, next would be the house-elves.When Hermione came back home, she checked his bedroom firsthand. No matter how many times she tried to stop herself by saying that no one was there, she still checked. Whenever she forced herself to walk past his room without looking inside, a feeling that this time he had to be there, and she just walked away from him ate at her until she would cave in and check.After not finding any traces of Draco in the room Hermione went on with her schedule. She wrapped Ginny’s gift, ate dinner, showered, applied ointment to her scars, and read over some work papers. She stayed up past midnight trying to find an argument for the upcoming trial. The case itself was immensely sad. The werewolf turned out to be a poor man without any access to wolfsbane. He chained himself every full moon but this one time they didn’t hold. He turned and killed an innocent woman only to wake up covered in blood without any recollection of the past night. The Beings and Beast Division had to unite on the case since the man was considered a Being in his natural form and a Beast when he turned. Hermione felt pity both for the victim and the man. He simply didn’t have money for wolfsbane and did everything in his power to stay away from people in his werewolf form. Hermione sighed, going over her arguments. The situation looked pretty bad for the poor lad. It would be unfair and stupid for him to be found guilty but even she could see where this case was headed.Hermione yawned and promised herself to work on the case as soon as she would return from the Burrow. She reluctantly went to Draco’s room and went to bed. The sleeping potion ran out a long time ago. There wasn’t a problem in making a new one but the constant use of it would have side effects. Hermione was sure of that when after two weeks of usage she began to wake up with a headache and often much later than her alarm rang. She had to go back to sleeping in Draco’s room. As much as she hated it, for some mysterious reason it was the only place in the house where she felt safe at night. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  11th of August
Hermione woke up excited for two reasons. Reason number one was Ginny’s birthday and getting to see the Weasleys. Reason number two was being able to leave the house at least for a day. She sat still for a moment, checking for any noises coming from the shower. None, silent as usual. After breakfast, she quickly packed her things and apparated.The Burrow looked welcoming and cozy. The sunlight hit the windows, turning them into white shining sheets of glass. Two ginger heads were running in her direction. Hermione braced for the impact a second before the twins crashed into her.“Nice to see you again, Hermione.” They said in unison after a rather long hug.George picked up her bags as they started to walk towards the house.“How are you feeling? We saw what Lucius did.” Fred told her. “Don’t worry, we didn’t tell anyone. Otherwise, mom would already strangle him.”“I’m okay. Honestly, it wasn’t that big of a deal.” Hermione gave a weak smile.“Anyways, we got back at him. We crushed up our barfing candy and threw the powder into his champagne.” George smiled.“He started throwing up violently right after you left. Pity that you missed the show.” Fred continued.The fact that Lucius suffered that night relieved Hermione a bit. It was the least of what he deserved.“Hermione, dear, how are you?” Molly said as she was trying to command the kitchen utensils.“I’m great. How are you? Have you seen Ginny?”“We’re all doing just fine here. Ginny should be upstairs. Please make her stay in her room, we have a surprise for her.” Molly went back to preparations.Hermione climbed the stairs and softly knocked at the door.“Come in, Hermione,” Ginny yelled from the other side.She pushed the door to see her friend brushing her hair on the bed.“Happy Birthday Ginny!”“Thank you.” She smiled and eyed the bag that Hermione was carrying.“I have something for you.” She passed it to Ginny.She pulled out a necklace with a red stone.“This is not just some jewelry.” Hermione sat next to her. “Remember when you said that you sometimes feel lonely or scared? Next time when it happens just press your finger against the stone. I’ll be able to hear you no matter how far I am.”“Thank you, this is so thoughtful of you.” Ginny hugged her.“It can’t deliver long messages and I can’t say anything back, unfortunately. But I will always hear you. If anything happens, tell me to come over and I’ll be there in a matter of minutes.”Ginny nodded.“There’s something else in the bag,” Hermione said.Ginny moved the wrapping paper out of her way and pulled out blank canvas, paint, and brushes.“This doesn’t carry any magical properties, but I thought you might like it. One of the canvases already has a painting and numbers on it for you to color. It’s popular in the muggle world.” Hermione explained.“I’ll try it. I mostly sketch with pencils, but this could be interesting. It’s not like I have much to do.” Ginny’s expression went sour.She didn’t have a job, nor returned to Hogwarts. All that Ginny did was help around the house and wait for Harry. Her life practically froze without him, and she refused to continue living it. Hermione was the only person outside the family that she talked to and left the house for. Ginny was afraid that he would come back when she was away. Hermione saw it on her face every time that they went out.Something was unnerving in the fact that her situation was so similar to Ginny’s. Except, her friend couldn’t wait for Harry to come back. And Hermione wasn’t even sure what she wanted at this point. At night her body longed for his touch but then day came and brought clarity. She was in no position to want him or miss Malfoy. Draco was a target, nothing more. The only reason that Hermione should’ve wanted him to come back was because of Kingsley’s constant rambles of the truce going to hell and how it would all be Malfoy’s fault.Hermione realized that they’ve been sitting in silence for some time now.“How did you know that it was me knocking?” She switched the topic.Ginny raised her head, being dragged away from her thoughts.“It’s the way that you knock. When someone from the family wants to come in, it feels like they will knock the door down or they just barge in without a warning.”The door opened, revealing the entire Weasley clan, except for Ron of course. Molly was holding a cake with candles in her hands. They began singing happy birthday as they crammed inside the small room. Hermione joined in and looked at Ginny. Her friend seemed a little lost like she forgot about her own birthday.“Make a wish.” Molly stretched out the cake to her.Ginny closed her eyes for a moment and blew out the candles. Everyone in the room already knew what her wish was.“Happy birthday!” The Weasleys cheered.Moments later Ginny’s bed was buried under a small pile of presents. The twins gave her a box of their best-sellers, Arthur and Molly had a blue sweater knit for her and a few boxes of chocolates, alongside with a couple of galleons. Percy gave her a copy of ‘Fantastic beasts and where they live’. Bill gifted her a dress, that was obviously chosen by Fleur and received a side-eye from Molly.“We’ll be waiting for you downstairs. Hurry up, while the tea is hot.” Molly said before shutting the door.When the girls came downstairs, everybody was already sitting at the table.“Come on, I want to try the cake.” Fred urged.It turned out to be delicious. Covered with chocolate frosting and with chocolate filling. So sweet, that Hermione drank two cups of tea just to finish one piece. They stayed and chatted up until midnight. At last, the twins began to yawn, and it was decided to go to sleep.The girls didn’t feel like going to bed, so they stayed up a bit longer. Hermione explained to Ginny how to use the numbered canvas and she even started painting. It was deep night when they dimmed the lights and Ginny took out a box with chocolates. Whenever Hermione stayed at the Burrow, they never fell asleep before gossiping.“Have you seen the look on mom’s face when Bill told her that Fleur helped him pick the dress?” Ginny studied the paper with the list of flavors on it.“I think that it will look very nice on you. You should wear it to the next party. But I thought you didn’t like Fleur either.”“Eeh-not really. I had my fair share of doubts before the wedding. But I guess they’re still together and happy. If he wants it so much, then I don’t mind it.” Ginny popped a chocolate in her mouth. “What about you and Draco?”“And what about it?” Hermione tried to hide her face, all of a sudden acting interested in the list of flavors in the box.“I haven’t seen you two in the Prophet for ages. Only Skeeter’s articles that are full of conspiracies about you two not getting along because of the baby.”“The baby?” Hermione almost dropped her chocolate.“According to her, you’re about three months pregnant,” Ginny concluded.“I should’ve expected it from her.” Hermione rolled her eyes.“No, but seriously, is everything okay?” Ginny lowered the paper that Hermione was holding.“It’s fine, he’s just away for now.”“Where?”“I’m not sure. It’s some important business.” She lied.“He left you alone weeks after marriage for some business?” Ginny scoffed. “Did he also go away on some important mission on your wedding night?”“Ginny!” Hermione hushed.“I’m just asking if you even slept together on your wedding night.” Ginny shrugged her shoulders.She said it like it was no big deal. Hermione went red at the sole thought of them in his bed, his hand gliding up her- 
  No.

  Not now. Not Draco.

   
Ginny watched her with a trace of a smile on her lips.“Come on, we’ve known each other for years. I told you about my first time hours after it happened. It’s your turn now. It was before the marriage, right?” Her eyes sparkled with curiosity.“Ginny, it’s weird. I dated your brother and now you’re asking me…” Hermione started.“Seriously? Do you see me as Ron’s sister and nothing else? I’m your friend, Hermione, you can tell me.” Ginny interrupted.“We didn’t do anything.” She breathed out.Ginny’s eyes widened, as she stared in disbelief. Hermione could see version after version go through her friend’s head. There was a deafening silence.“Are you his beard?” Ginny spoke.“His what?” Hermione asked confused.“Is he gay?”“Merlin, no. Why would you even think of something like that?”“I don’t know, you tell me. Look at you, there could be only one reason why he hadn’t done anything yet. You’re bloody married.”Hermione sighed and brushed her hair from her face. There was no point in trying to hide her face any longer. She could feel even her neck turn a shade of a ripe tomato.“Is he celibate?” Ginny asked. “Wait, no. Too many rumors at Hogwarts for it to be true… Unless…He created them himself.”“Ginny, stop it. He’s not gay or celibate. I mean, we kissed…”“Right, you kissed. That’s not enough!” She demanded.“You know what, I’m going to bed before you completely spiral out of control.” Hermione turned off the lights and covered herself with a blanket.“Oh, come on, I’m just wondering why you still haven’t had sex,” Ginny begged.“I can’t hear you.” She covered her head with a pillow.Hermione fell asleep listening to Ginny’s monologue on what an idiot Draco was and the reasons why they haven’t slept together yet.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione woke up at dawn. Ginny quietly sniffed in her sleep and moved when she stood up and left the room. Hermione stepped onto wet grass with her bare feet and took a breath of fresh and slightly cold morning air. The sky was an unreal shade of bright pink. She sat down on a bench and shivered. It was covered in dew. Hermione tried to ignore her pajama pants almost immediately soaking as she enjoyed the sunrise. She felt like she was the only person in an empty world. There was something terribly sad and beautiful in that feeling. She imagined Draco looking at the same sky somewhere far away. Was it day or night there? Was he alone or with someone? Is he happy to be finally away from her? She didn’t want an answer to those questions. It would probably be something that she wouldn’t want to hear. Hermione sat still for a while until the sun started to warm up the surroundings. A ray of sunshine shone on her shoulders, spreading the warmth through her body. It felt like a soft blanket against her skin.Molly walked out, destroying her fantasy of an isolated little world. She watered the flowers without noticing Hermione. A growl in her stomach urged her to get some food. Hermione slipped past Molly and back into bed. It was too early for breakfast. As soon as her head touched the pillow, she fell asleep.The next time that she woke up Ginny was already getting dressed.“Ah, you’re finally up. Breakfast is ready. I would wait for you but I’m terribly hungry. Those chocolates at night didn’t do any good for my hunger.”Hermione quickly got dressed and went downstairs. She was starving.The breakfast didn’t let down. Molly prepared so much food that Hermione started to doubt if even a family as big as the Weasleys could eat all that.“Honey, please take a seat and eat with us,” Arthur asked Molly.“I’m not finished with the pancakes yet.” She answered.“We’re full already. No need to make more.” Arthur sent her a warm smile.“Fine.” Molly scoffed jokingly and left the food to prepare itself.Hermione watched the scene with a smile. There was something heartwarming about it. Molly sat down to a plate that quickly filled up with food, thanks to Arthur.“Are you going to stay with us for a few more days, dear?” She asked Hermione.“No, I’m leaving in a couple of hours. I have work tomorrow and have to finish a few tasks before it.”“Always so busy. I remember you staying up way past midnight, studying. The school year didn’t even begin, and you already read half of the textbooks.”“Mom, let her be. She’s doing something important.” Grumbled Percy.“Oh, I know. Hermione, it is summer, you have to rest a bit. Promise me to take a break and come over for a week.” Molly persisted.“I’ll do my best. I got the job only a month ago, I can’t promise that they’ll let me leave for so long so soon.”“I’ll be waiting,” Molly replied.Hermione stayed at the Burrow for a little longer. She watched the twins demonstrate a candy that turned into a slug on Percy. Hermione also watched them run away from the furious Molly, yelling about respect.She went back to the Manor at noon. Molly practically forced a container with stew on her. Dilsy popped up, greeting her, and handed her a letter. 
  Hermione,

  I have information on Draco’s location. Come to my office as soon as you get this.

  Kingsley Shacklebolt

   
Hermione scoffed. Another order. She crumpled the paper and burned it in magical flames. She didn’t care about it, she told herself and went to her room. She spent an hour on the werewolf case, trying to find a loophole in the law. Her attempts failed. Frustrated, she had to admit, that the thoughts on where Malfoy could’ve been distracted her from work.
   

  Later that day
 Hermione walked into Kingsley’s office. He looked very serious and annoyed at the same time.“So where is he?” She said without any greetings.Hermione wanted to get to the point. Feed her curiosity and get back to work.“Take a seat, please… The audacity.” Kingsley rubbed his forehead.Hermione obeyed and looked at him, curious.“I imagined he would be anywhere except there. Running off on some Death-eater business or something. It was the last place that I checked. I just never thought that he would actually go there.”“Can you just tell me where he is?” Hermione asked impatiently.“The family vineyards in Italy.” He spat. “He’s tanning and drinking wine while the wizarding world is on the brim of a new war.”Something dropped inside of her. She couldn’t believe what she just heard. 
  That bastard.

  How could he?

  He’s just having fun, probably with other girls…

  While I’m here beating up myself and taking all the blame for what happened.

  I won’t be surprised if Astoria is suddenly out of town.
 “Good for him.” The words escaped her lips.“You’re going there to get him back.”“What?” She breathed out in shock.“You heard me.”“I did. But I’m not going there. If he’s having so much fun, why should I stop him.”“It’s an order, Granger.”“I’m not a Granger anymore, don’t you remember? You’re the reason for it. And I’m not going to crawl in there, begging him to come back. I haven’t fallen that low.” Hermione spat.“Your pride will cost lives,” Kingsley warned.“I keep hearing you say it constantly. If this is so important, why am I the only one responsible? Go there yourself if you care so much.”“And how do you imagine it to go down?”“I don’t care. Send someone, talk to the Death-eaters. My job was to marry him, and I did it. The rest is on you.”Hermione slammed the door behind her and let out a slow breath. She was shaking from anger. She had zero recollection of how she got to Draco’s room in the Manor. Hermione scanned the room and stopped on a tall vase in the corner. 
  A good place to start.
 She lifted it and crashed the vase against the floor. It burst into millions of pieces. Hermione could’ve used a spell to destroy the entire room in a matter of seconds. But there was something joyful in tearing it down part by part with her own hands. Next followed a plant in a pot and the lights on the bedside tables. She stopped and looked at the bed. The place that made her feel safe for so long. She ripped the pillows apart and watched the feathers float down to the floor. A cabinet full of potions was emptied out and crashed against the floor. Some of the potions conflicted and sizzled, burning a hole in the wooden floor. Hermione found a knife for opening letters on the desk. She stabbed the sofa that he used to sleep on with it until it turned into shreds of fabric. She did the same with his bed covers and mattress. The knife slid through the expensive curtains like it was butter. She grabbed his clothes from the wardrobe and threw them in the puddle of potions. One of the bottles miraculously didn’t break from the fall earlier. Hermione watered his clothes with it and threw the bottle at the wall. A shard of glass ricocheted and stabbed her toe. Hermione winced from the pain as she took it out. She threw the knife on the floor and stumbled into the bathroom. Dozens of bottles on his sink and in the cabinets flew on the floor, breaking. She washed her wound, but the blood still flowed. Hermione’s gaze landed on a white shirt laying on the side of the bathtub. She tore off a strip of fabric and wrapped it around her foot.Hermione looked in the mirror, panting. She was a mess both inside and outside. Draco came into her life, turned it upside-down, and left her to pick up the remaining pieces. He made her fall for him and disappeared. Completely escaped her life without leaving a single trace, without saying goodbye. And now she had to crawl to him like a dog and beg to come back. She was no dog.She looked at herself once more and found her face covered with tears. Hermione’s hands found a bottle of shampoo. It flew into the mirror, turning it into a rain of glass.The storm inside of her was slowly dying down. She slowly entered his bedroom. It was chaos in pure form. No spell could’ve destroyed it with such precision and attention to small details. She erased everything that reminded her of him. Everything except the memories in her head, the feelings. She hated herself for still wanting him to come back, to make him explain, to kiss him once more.Hermione returned to her room and asked Dilsy for some tea. She ordered the house-elf not to clean up anything in his room. He wasn’t coming back, and Hermione wanted to come there every time she felt like missing him. To see what he did to her, how she felt.She drank her tea on the balcony. The wind and the mint calmed her down. Cleansed the palette of her emotions. After a while, she felt like going back to work. Her emotions shouldn’t get in the way of her job. Hermione stayed up late, preparing her pitch for the liberation of house-elves. A desk wasn’t enough for her, so she sat on the floor surrounded by papers and posters. At last, she was done.Hermione turned the lights off and went to bed. She didn’t have any energy to do her nightly routine. She was mentally and physically drained. Sleep came onto her quickly.The open balcony door, a figure in the dark, green light.Hermione woke up in the middle of the night with her heart pounding. She swore under her breath and slipped into the corridor. She stopped at his door. A picture of what she did there earlier came into mind. She is no longer able to sleep there. Hermione let out a sigh. The fact that sleeping there protected her from nightmares slipped out of her mind while she was wrecking Draco’s room.She walked back to her door and froze, her hand still on the handle. A faint sound of music was coming from downstairs.
  
    Chapter Text
    She walked back to her door and froze, her hand still on the handle. A faint sound of music was coming from downstairs. Her body turned into stone as she listened to the sound. 
  This can’t be true.

  My mind is playing tricks on me.
 She stood still for a few minutes, not knowing what to do. Hermione swore under her breath. If it wasn’t for the nightmare that woke her up, she wouldn’t find herself in a situation like this.Hermione ran through the corridors of the Manor, afraid that if she slowed down, her courage would evaporate. Her heart was racing when she stopped at the doors of the ballroom. Hermione listened to the music. It was a slow and sad melody. Her hand found the handle. 
  Now or never

   
Hermione carefully pushed the door open. The only source of light was a candlestick standing on top of a piano. Draco didn’t notice her walk in, still playing. Hermione found herself being torn by different emotions. As he played the sad song, she felt the urge to wrap her arms around him and comfort him. The reasonable part of her remembered what she did a few hours earlier and who was the reason behind it. She wanted to be close to him and throw a fit at the same time. Unable to decide, she just stood there, entranced by the sight.He lifted his gaze and saw her reflection in one of the mirrors. The melody stopped abruptly, its sound still echoing through the dark room.“Hermione…” The word escaped his lips.She felt her heart skip a beat. It was the first time that he called her by her name. He turned around to face her.“What are you doing up so late?” He asked.The plan to hug him evaporated from her head. Anger took over. She let out a breath, struggling to find where to even begin.“Seriously?” She scoffed. “This is what you ask me after disappearing for over a month? Why I’m not in bed?”He silently looked at her, not planning to answer.“I should be asking why you’re not in a coffin. Because it’s the only valid reason for you to vanish like that. You left without a word. I had no idea where you were, Kingsley almost murdered me, Skeeter is writing articles on how you left me pregnant, and I wasn’t even sure that you were going to come back.” She spat.“I apologize. I had no idea that my absence would cause so much trouble.” He said neutrally.“No. No goddamned apologies! You were vacationing in Italy with other girls, while I was dealing with this mess alone! So don’t even try to pull the stone-cold Draco act on me.”“There were no other girls.” He took a deep breath, starting to lose his temper.“That’s not the point. I don’t care if you were day drinking or fucking someone. I care because I’m not the only one that has responsibilities.”His brows shot up from the language that she used.“I don’t need your apologies. Just tell me, was the fact that you kissed a mudblood too much for you to handle?” She asked angrily“That’s not why I left.” He stood up.“Then please, do tell, what was it? What happened right after we kissed that made you disappear?” She started angrily, her voice becoming quieter as he stepped in her direction.Her back hit the wall and only then she realized that she was even walking.“I left because our kiss was too much for you to handle.”“For me?” Hermione choked on air, not knowing how to respond.“I corrupt you, mon amour.”“In which way, may I ask?” The words came out quieter and much less threatening than she expected.“Just take a look at what you did to my room.”Hermione’s blood flowed to her face. She didn’t think that he would ever come back, let alone see what she’s done.“That doesn’t mean anything.”“Oh, but it does.” He stepped away and continued in a serious tone. “I left because I didn’t want to see you get hurt. My father never stops if he wants to accomplish something. He didn’t do anything because he saw me away from you. I was under his eye every single day. He made sure that I didn’t contact you in any way. Tell me, do you think living with my father can possibly ever be considered a vacation?”Hermione didn’t know what to say. Each time she predicted every possible motive of his actions, Draco found a new way. A new way to leave her speechless and shocked.“I didn’t leave because of our kiss. I was planning on going away since what father did to you at our wedding. The night that we kissed was a mistake because I was planning on leaving for as long as possible. I didn’t want you to feel the way that I do about you. My presence corrupts your life. I don’t want to live to see the day when I won’t be close enough to help.”“Then don’t ever leave,” Hermione whispered.She instantly regretted saying it. The words simply slipped out of her mouth, and she felt stupid for saying something like that. Draco stood silently for a moment, his eyes burning into hers. She felt transparent. He saw right through her.Draco pinned her against the wall and kissed her before she could say anything else. It was much softer than the last time. Hermione’s stomach flipped, and she felt drunk from the kiss, as she kissed him back. His hands cupped her jaw and hip, sending heat through her body. She carefully slid her hand through his hair, a part of her afraid that it was just a dream. It wasn’t a passion-ridden kiss, there was something that felt like home about Draco. His tongue made its way into her mouth, gentle but persistent, as his grip tightened on her hips. Hermione wrapped her hands around his neck, standing on the tip of her toes. She wanted to be as close to him as she could, to be one whole. To never let go, to never stop. One of her hands slid down to the top of his shirt, trying to unbutton it.“What are you doing?” Draco gently pulled her hand away.Hermione wasn’t sure how to answer. She was purely following her instinct, not knowing exactly where it was headed. She wanted to be closer to him and her brain only knew one answer to it.“I don’t want you to do something that you will regret.” He continued after a pause.“What if I won’t?” She asked, knowing that she didn’t have the ovaries to actually go through with it.“Please sleep on it. I don’t want you to rush into anything, I’ll wait.” He brushed a strand of hair away from her face.Draco planted a kiss on her forehead before leaving the room. Hermione just stood there, trying to process what happened. He came back and instead of yelling, they kissed once again. There was some screaming beforehand, but it didn’t matter now.Hermione walked to her room, knowing that she was fucked. Her feelings only grew stronger with his presence. She reluctantly thought about how all of this was supposed to end. Her emotions weren’t going to help with killing him. She had to distance herself. If she couldn’t hold back from kissing him, then at least avoiding sex was the next best decision.
  The next day
 Hermione entered the dining room, half expecting him not to be there. He was.She prepared herself. She knew exactly what to answer if he asked her about sleeping together. Hermione would politely decline and say that she wasn’t ready yet.She sat down next to him and cleared her throat, ready to say no.“Did you sleep well?”“No-I mean- yes. Slept nicely.” Hermione stammered.Draco arched his brow before returning to his meal. She felt a light blush spread on her cheeks. Hermione quickly turned her face to a plate with eggs and began to work with her knife, slightly faster than she normally did.“You thought that I would ask you about having sex with me, didn’t you?” He asked casually.Hermione almost choked on her food. Draco sipped his tea, watching her reaction with a smirk. He put his mug down before saying anything else.“I already said that I can wait. I won’t make you uncomfortable with constant questions.”“Right.” She nodded.“The Order is on my back too. Get ready, we’re going on a date at noon.”“Sure.” She said after a pause, confused by the sudden change of subject.
  
    Chapter Text
    “The Order is on my back too. Get ready, we’re going on a date at noon.”“Sure.” She said after a pause, confused by the sudden change of subject.After a bit of silent chewing, a wave of panic flowed over her.“I have to go.” She quickly rose from the table.“Where are you going?”“I’m late to work,” Hermione said as she ran out of the dining room.“Work?” His voice followed.Hermione was zipping her dress in a rush when he opened the door to her room. There was no time to be shy. She glanced at the clock and groaned, trying to get the zipper to work. She was almost an hour late.“You got a job?” Draco zipped her dress with ease.“In the Division of Beings.” She quickly brushed her hair, giving up after three strokes.The disaster on her head needed much more time and attention than she had. Hermione sat on the bed, putting her heels on.“Still trying to save the house-elves?” He let out a slight smile.“And I will if they don’t fire me on the spot,” Hermione said frustrated, and rushed out the door.She came back moments later to pick up the papers scattered on the desk and floor. Draco watched her with a grin on his lips. Hermione rushed to the chimney on the first floor and picked up a pouch of Floo powder.“Good luck,” Draco said before she disappeared in a world of green flames.Hermione almost ran to her cubicle. She sat down, panting, and placed the papers on the desk. Strangely, no one seemed to notice her absence. Or she thought so.“First time late to work?” Katie Bell appeared out of nowhere.“Quieter, please.” Hermione looked around to see if anyone was looking.“Calm down. The Ministry is so understaffed and buried under heaps of work that no one will notice. Not until next summer, I suppose, when a new batch of high-schoolers comes in.” She said calmly. “They’re not going to do anything, relax.”A memo flew into her cubicle. Hermione opened it cautiously, seeing that it was from Alfred. Perhaps most wouldn’t notice but not her. 
  House-elf meeting in the conference room in 10 minutes. Don’t be late.
 Hermione panicked as she tried to arrange the papers in the right order. There was no time left to rehearse properly.“Can I help?” Katie wondered.Hermione shook her head, trying to go over the proposal in her head.“I’ll leave you to it then.” She walked away.There were two minutes left by the time she was finished. It was barely enough to get ready. Hermione raced to the conference room, pausing for a quick breath before entering.“Good morning. Colleagues, this is Hermione Malfoy.” Alfred spoke to a group of people around the table. “She’s one of the highest-ranking employees this month. We all know that the Wizengamot has scheduled the last court hearing on the werewolf case next Monday. I thought it would be a good idea to hear out what Hermione has planned for us and decide on our next main goal.”Alfred sat down, gesturing for her to begin. Hermione walked up to the head of the table nervously and began her speech.She quickly went over the negative parts of elf enslavement throughout the history, providing medical research of them having consciousness and intellect. Hermione proposed different ways of going with the process of freeing them, finishing off her speech with alternatives for the futures of both elves and their ex-masters.She let out a sigh when she finished. People in the room seemed either surprised or interested.“Thank you for such an informative presentation, Hermione. We will think about it. You may go now.” Alfred thanked her. “Ladies and gentlemen, I’m afraid that we must once again return to the topic of lycanthropy.”Hermione came back to her cubicle exhausted. It was quite a shocking proposal, and she didn’t expect everyone to like it. She lazily did paperwork up until lunch.“Do you want to have lunch with me again?” Katie asked.Hermione blinked, dragged away from her monotonous work, noting that the office went strangely silent.“I’m afraid Hermione already has arrangements for her lunch break.” Draco walked up to her cubicle.Hermione raised a brow, as Katie quickly disappeared inside her own cubicle.“We still have a date, in case you forgot.” He stretched out his elbow.Hermione grabbed his arm. They walked out under the stare of the entire office.  The day was bright and sunny. They didn’t go to a café this time, preferring a stroll in a park to it. Hermione was sitting on a bench and watching kids play around a pond. Draco walked off somewhere earlier without explaining. She felt at peace, the fact that it probably wouldn’t last spoiling the fun. Hermione tried not to focus on it. There was so much time left and he was so unpredictable, that planning anything was useless.He dropped on the bench next to her, holding two chocolate ice creams. They both ate in silence. Hermione felt his stare on her occasionally. It took the last bit of her strength not to look back at him. She didn’t know what to say. She had no idea how to describe what they were. All that she knew was that she felt at peace next to him.At last, Hermione turned to look at him. Draco was busy studying something in the distance. The sunlight shone through his hair, but Hermione was far more interested in a small patch of skin that an undone button on his shirt revealed. He looked…delicious to say the least. Draco felt her eyes on him and turned his head. Her eyes instinctively shot up.A small smirk appeared on his face as he leaned in and slid his thumb across her bottom lip.“You’ve got chocolate all over yourself.”Hermione felt a turning sensation in her stomach. Something on the corners of her mind signaled her to stop.She leaned in for a kiss, unsure if he would want the same. His hand found hers. What couldn’t have been longer than a few minutes felt like a small eternity to her.The rest of the workday flew by quickly. Hermione still hadn’t heard back on her proposal, but she wasn’t expecting a quick answer. She was packing her things when a memo dropped on her desk. It was from Kingsley, asking her to come to his office.He was reading the Prophet when Hermione walked in.“Great job Hermione. How did you convince him to come back?” Kingsley asked as she was sitting down.“I didn’t do anything.”“Did he just come back on his own then?”“He did.”Kingsley sat silent for a few moments before sliding the newspaper across the table to her.“I assume you’ve gained his trust?” He pointed at a picture of them kissing on the bench. 
  Damn, that was fast Skeeter.

   
There was an uncomfortable sensation in her guts. They did go out on a date because it was an order. But the kiss was the intimate part of it, which she wasn’t planning to be out under the public’s eye. Hermione didn’t kiss him for the sake of the truce, to gain his trust, or for the press. Of course, she couldn’t say that to Kingsley.“I’m working on it,” Hermione answered reluctantly.“Very well then. How soon should I be expecting any new information?”“I’m not sure.”“How can you be unsure? You did find where he stores all the information?”“Not exactly. I just came across a letter. I’m still searching.”“Have you looked in his room?”“I did, it’s not there.”“Did you look properly?”A picture of her wrecking Draco’s bedroom came to mind. There wasn’t possibly a spot that she missed.“I turned it upside down.” She scoffed.“Keep looking. It must be in the house. You may go now.” Kingsley finished with a little disappointment in his voice.Hermione walked out of his office frustrated. The last few interactions with him drove her to the edge of her patience, if not over it. The way that he spoke about her and Draco, rubbed off on her. Hermione knew that Kingsley couldn’t possibly act differently in such a situation, but it still bothered a part of her.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione returned to the Manor tired and frustrated. They were losing the werewolf case and on top of that Kingsley was getting on her nerves. She went straight to her room, planning to spend the rest of the evening behind work papers. After an hour, she realized that she was stuck at a dead end. Hermione grunted and lowered her head onto the desk. Winning this case was some sort of a personal agenda to her. It was the biggest thing except for the house-elf project that she had been trusted to be a part of so far. And she was not planning to lose. She just had to figure out a way how.Hermione massaged her temples, her head still on the desk. She closed her eyes, reaching the most concentrated state possible. Nothing.“You’re a lunatic, Hermione. Did you know that?” Draco was staring at her.She rose from her desk quickly, fixing her posture. She must’ve looked silly face-planting the table and rubbing her head.“I unlike you have some work to do. So, if you don’t mind, I shall return to it.”“Oh, really? It looked more like passing out on the table to me. But you do you, I guess.” He chuckled.Hermione sent him a death-stare. Draco completely ignored it.“Come with me, I want to show you something.” He reached out his hand.Hermione hesitated for a moment and took it. As much as she hated to admit that he was right, she was going nowhere with the case at the moment.Draco led her through the Manor. She was about to ask him where they were going when they finally reached a massive door. He tapped his wand on the door handle and gestured for her to open it. Hermione almost gasped when she realized where they were.“You didn’t…” She whispered, stepping inside.“You’re a Malfoy now. I suppose it was about time to introduce you to our library. The handle remembered your handprint, so from now on the room is at your disposal at any given time.” Draco started.Hermione interrupted his speech by hugging him. She impulsively wrapped her hands around him. She froze at the realization of what she did. Moments later she felt Draco’s hands on her back. She pulled back awkwardly and shifted on her feet, not knowing what to do. He cleared his throat with a glimpse of surprise on his face.“There might be something helpful in the library.” He said before sitting down on a red velvet couch.She quickly disappeared behind the shelves and away from his stare. Hermione could already feel her cheeks get rosy and didn’t want Draco to think too much of himself.The library was categorized with precision. Hermione reached the bookshelves dedicated to beings and magical creatures. She found an entire shelf dedicated to werewolves with surprising speed. Mentally thanking Narcissa, she picked out a stack of books to start with. When she returned, Draco was already busy with a book on alchemy. She noted mentally to read it later and sat down next to him.“Are you planning on staying here for the next week?” He lazily eyed the pile of books on the coffee table.“I’m just doing some light reading.” Hermione opened ‘the history of werewolves and their appearances in different cultures’.“Of course, you are.” He chuckled, covering her legs with a soft wrap.Hermione began reading. Although the book itself was quite captivating, it had zero clues on how to win the trial. She set it aside and went onto the next one. She was left empty-handed once again.“I think it’s time to take a break, book worm. You’re half-asleep.” Draco shut his book close.“I’m alright. If you want to go to bed, it is fine with me. I’ll stay a little longer.” Hermione protested, grasping her fifth book of the evening.She yawned moments later. Draco let out a sigh and opened his book once again. She looked at him with a question in her eyes.“Just making sure you won’t stay here until the sunrise.” He shook his shoulders.Hermione lazily flipped through the pages. It took her longer and longer to get to the ends of passages. Her head softly landed on Draco’s shoulder, searching for a place to rest. She tried to fight the sleepiness, noticing how long it took her to blink. Hermione admitted her loss, sinking into the pitch-black warmth.She woke up in a different setting, unsettlingly common. Hermione was in Draco’s room and his bed once again. She was alone except for a book and a note next to her. She read the piece of paper saying that he’ll be back soon and looked at the book. It must’ve been the one that she fell asleep reading. A brochure, her favorite bookmark, was sticking out near the end of the tome. 
  Did I read so far last night? 

  I can’t even remember it.
 Hermione got ready for work and grabbed the book with her, planning on reading it in her free time.She was right as always. She still hadn’t heard back on her project since everyone was so busy with the case. Hermione had already done all the work that she could. Going to Alfred’s office, asking for more things to do wasn’t an option. She once made the mistake of doing so during some very busy hours and was tasked with coffee duty. It was best to lay low and do some personal research. Hermione pulled out the book from her bag, feeling a sting of consciousness. She was at work. What if there was something important for her to do after all.After debating between right and wrong, she stood up and went to Alfred. Coffee run it is. Hermione reminded herself to never make the same mistake as she stood in a long line at the nearest café. She finally returned to her spot with a cup of mint tea, regretting the lost time.Hermione couldn’t remember where she stopped last night. She decided to trust the bookmark and opened the book. It was a chapter dedicated to a theory of lycanthropy being an illness. Hermione’s interest sparked with every sentence. There was an idea forming in her head. One of the massive and genius ones.The rest of the day stretched out. Hermione couldn’t wait to return to the Malfoy library. At last, work was over. She raced to the chimneys in the atrium.As soon as she returned home, she headed to the library. Draco found her hours later, surrounded by open books and scribbling aggressively in her notebook. He placed a tray with food on the table next to her.“You missed dinner.” He sank onto the couch.“Did I? Doesn’t matter. I finally made a break on the case. I just have to gather enough facts and trustful resources before presenting it to everyone.” She didn’t stop writing.Draco gently pulled the notebook from her hands and moved the tray closer to her.“You have to eat.” He insisted.Hermione scoffed and reached to grab the notebook back. Draco raised the hand holding it away from her. She shifted closer, her fingers inches away from her notes. Just as she made the final push to grasp the notebook, it slipped from his fingers and down to the floor behind the couch. Hermione looked at Draco angrily, only now realizing that she was practically laying on top of him. He tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and slid his palm down to her jaw before kissing her. A clever plan formed in Hermione’s head as she kissed him back.She pulled away and quickly began to stand up, wanting to return the so unfairly taken notebook back. What she didn’t expect was being pulled down by his hands on her hips and forced onto his lap.“Eat first.” He warned, his grip still holding her down.Hermione swallowed slowly and nodded. Draco waited until she finished the last piece on her plate before handing back the notes.“I want you to move in with me.” He said.“What?” Hermione asked unsurely. “I already live in the Manor.”She set down the book in her hands and looked at him.“Yes, you do. What I’m asking is for you to move into my room. I want to fall asleep and wake up next to you.”Hermione was left speechless once again. 
  Does he have a habit of just raining things on people’s heads?

   
“I understand that you need your personal space. You could still use your room as an office or to keep personal items.” Draco continued.Hermione blinked, trying to process what she was just asked.“I’m not waiting for an immediate answer. I’ll give you some time to think.” Draco stood up and left.Hermione needed more time than she would admit before getting back to research.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione rushed into Alfred’s office without bothering to knock. The room was full of people.“Good morning, Hermione. I’m in the middle of a very important meeting. Could you come back later?” Alfred was very polite, but Hermione sensed the cold notes in her voice.“This is kind of important. It’s about the werewolf case.”She found multiple heads simultaneously turn to face her.“Do tell us then.” Alfred arched her brow.“I’ve done some research on lycanthropy and found a new way for us to approach the case.” Hermione shifted on her feet. “It’s useless to try and prove that the accused isn’t guilty of murder. The Wizengamot won’t accept the excuse that he did his best to isolate himself.”She panicked internally, seeing that almost everyone was either bored or annoyed. The same phrase has been repeated in different meetings multiple times already. Usually, there wasn’t a suggestion after that, and if there was, it was quickly disapproved by the rest.“However, if we approach lycanthropy as an illness, it will highly increase our chances of winning. If we manage to convince the Wizengamot that the accused is sick and wasn’t in control of his actions, his punishment will be altered or lifted.”A wave of murmuring flowed through the room. Hermione knew that this was a crucial moment for the fate of her proposition. At last, an elderly man, whom she recognized as the head of the Beast division spoke up.“And where will this leave us? The best that this man will get is a spot in St. Mungos. The worst is a rise of a new wave of oppression towards the werewolves. I can’t say that the society treats them fairly at the moment. But if they will be claimed as ill, this could lead to violence and isolation. This case has already brought more than enough attention to itself. What you’re proposing could easily lead to a genocide.” Every word from his mouth felt like a nail to her coffin.“You may go now. Come to my office after this meeting is over.” Alfred commanded.Hermione went back to her cubicle defeated. She knew that Alfred wouldn’t go easy on her after what just happened. There was a lot of tension between her boss and the head of the Beast division. He considered Alfred too young and immature to be the head of a whole division. She, in return, did her best to prove the opposite. What Hermione did was practically admitting that he was right, and Alfred wouldn’t let it slide.She spent the next hour nervously tapping her fingers on the desk and looking out of her cubicle to check whether the meeting was over. When it did end, everything went down just as she predicted. Hermione had to sit through a lecture on subordination and barging into other people’s offices.“You really disappointed me today. I’ve expected more from someone like you. From now on, every suggestion that you have on any topics will first go through me, as it is supposed to be done. And I’ll reconsider your presence at the trial. You may return to your spot now.”“I’m sorry for what I did today. I know I should’ve talked to you personally first. But please let me be at the trial. This case means a lot to me.”Alfred let out a sigh. She studied Hermione for a while before answering.“I’ll think about letting you go if there won’t be any more incidents.” She gave in.That was all that Hermione needed to hear. All that she had to do was to stay silent for the next few days and act accordingly at the trial. Didn’t sound too hard.She came back home with mixed feelings. All the hard work and sleepless nights at the library were for nothing. Hermione went to the library and opened up a book on alchemy that Draco read earlier. She had nothing else to do. Coming up with a new idea for the case was too risky in her position. After her failure at presenting a new idea, the house-elf project would probably be tossed aside too. She lazily flipped through the pages, trying to distract herself from the grim thoughts.“How did it go?” She didn’t notice Draco walk in.“Terribly.” Hermione sighed, setting the book down.He raised a brow in surprise, gesturing her to elaborate. She told him what went down in the office. Hermione started calmly, her voice trembling with anger by the end of her speech.“Alfred isn’t even sure that I should be there. After all the work I’ve done.” She gasped.Draco wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close.“They’re just a bunch of narrow-minded morons. Your idea is brilliant and can potentially save many lives from Azkaban. It’s their fault that they can’t see it.”“But what about the stir that it would cause.” She asked unsurely.“They’re looking at this from the perspective of an oppressor. This is what they would do in such a situation. They wouldn’t be understanding or helpful. It’s always easier to manipulate with fear of punishment and power. This is how they’re used to handling things. Not you though.” He brushed his hand across her arm.“What are you trying to say?” Hermione placed her head on his shoulder.Her anger died out from Draco’s calmness. All her worries seemed distant and unimportant. She was no longer eagerly searching for a way to prove her idea to anyone. The conversation was now just a discussion of theories.“I’m saying that you would find a softer approach. One that wouldn’t center around the public’s opinion but focus on the actual issue.” Draco answered.Hermione stayed silent, trying to wrap her head around the concept.“It was just a thought, not a suggestion to action.” He spoke, seeing her go quiet. “You should rest instead of taking care of things that you aren’t responsible for. Why don’t you take your book upstairs and have a cup of tea? You’ve exceeded this week’s limit of falling asleep on the library couch.”She walked upstairs reluctantly. Draco was right but the feeling that she could’ve done more just wouldn’t leave her. He paused at her door, waiting for her to enter. Hermione stopped for a moment before marching over to his bedroom. His eyebrows shot up in surprise.“I’ve decided that I prefer your bed to mine after all.” She shrugged her shoulders before stepping in.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  A few days later
Hermione clutched her fingers on the balcony railing. The smooth wind put the storm inside of her to rest. There was absolutely nothing that she could or was allowed to do. The trial was tomorrow and from what she heard, no one came up with any worthy suggestions. Hermione knew that she would have to watch an innocent man go to Azkaban just because her ideas were too radical for the Ministry. If only she had more time and freedom in her actions. Hermione shook her head. She had until tomorrow noon. It was plenty of time if she used it wisely. She crept back into the bedroom, trying not to wake up Draco.Her hand was on the door handle when another palm covered it. She didn’t even hear him get up.“How long have you been awake?” She asked.“Long enough to see you stand on the balcony, staring off into nothing. I know that you want to help the poor guy. But I doubt that you can come up with something of use in the middle of the night. You put too much pressure on yourself. The trial hasn’t even started yet and you’re already doubting his chances.” His hand slipped on her back, urging her to return to bed. “The best that you can do is go to sleep. You’ll need a fresh head tomorrow.”Hermione sighed, knowing that he wasn’t asking. She went to bed but struggled to fall asleep. Her brain fruitlessly tried to come up with a new idea until she drifted off.
  The next day
Hermione shifted on the cold wooden bench. The room was quickly filling up with people. She nervously looked at an empty chair in the center of the floor.“Good morning, Hermione.” Alfred sat next to her.Of course, she would be as close to her as possible. After Hermione’s failure, Alfred did everything in her power not to let it happen again. At last, all the benches were filled with people from the Ministry and witnesses. Members of the Wizengamot took their places behind high tribunes. Hermione held her breath, sensing the tension in the air. A door in the far corner of the room opened and the accused werewolf was led in by two guards. He was obedient and didn’t try to push them away. The guards shoved him into the chair and strapped his hands to it.“Elijah Brown, you are accused of murdering an innocent woman.” One of the Wizengamot’s members spoke up. “Do you agree with the statement? Have you murdered an innocent woman?”“I have.” His voice was weak.“Please describe the evening of the murder with detail.”Hermione listened to his statement, he didn’t try to look innocent or escape any details. His voice was emotionless and beat down.“Do you have anything to say for yourself?”Elijah stayed silent. It looked like he had already mentally placed himself into Azkaban.“A word to the Beast and Beings divisions then.”“Everyone present and beyond already know that the accused is in fact guilty of murder. However, the aspect of him being a werewolf is often overlooked. We should consider the fact that he was not in control of the actions that happened that night.” The head of beast division spoke.Hermione’s heart sank. This was their approach? What he just said was obvious to everyone. He might as well stay silent.“The accused wasn’t in control of his actions in his werewolf form. But he did allow himself to turn. If he stayed in his human form, the crime wouldn’t have happened.” A woman from the Wizengamot ripped to shreds the previous statement with her words.“The accused did everything in his power not to harm others. Please note that he didn’t have any wolfsbane or the money to buy it. He chained and isolated himself. What happened that night was an accident. It’s not his fault that the chains didn’t hold.” Alfred protested.“If the Beast and Beings divisions and the accused have nothing else to say, the Wizengamot will be taking a break to discuss all the previous statements.” The woman said lazily and walked away from the tribune.Everyone stayed silent. Hermione panicked internally, seeing that no one was going to add anything else. All their hard work reduced to a few sentences that did nothing for the poor lad.“I would like to add a few more words.” Hermione rose from her seat.She felt the eyes of everyone in the room on her. Alfred tugged at her hand, urging her to sit down. The head of the Beast division moved his eyebrows together.“What are you doing? Sit down.” Alfred whispered angrily.“Go on.” Said one of the Wizengamot members.Hermione shook Alfred’s hand off of her arm and straightened her back. She swallowed slowly. Hermione had a very brief plan of what she was going to say.“This case is one of many accidents that happen across the country. People that don’t have access to wolfsbane have to come up with other solutions for their problem. It’s important to remember that most of them didn’t choose this kind of life. Lycanthropy is a disease that is being overlooked by the public and it’s a very serious problem that needs to be fixed.” She breathed out.“And what are you trying to suggest?”Hermione paused, knowing that what she was about to say would be a shock to most of the people present.“I’m saying that if we make wolfsbane accessible, then incidents like this won’t happen. If we start giving it out for free every month, it can save lives. Besides, it will create more spots for people to work at. Wolfsbane is overpriced and can be hard to find in nature. People suffering from lycanthropy are denied easy access to it and then punished for crimes that they aren’t in control of.”  There was deafening silence for a moment before the room filled with murmuring and stares.“We will think over your proposal. If no one has anything else to say, this session is over.”People started flowing out of the room. Alfred stopped Hermione and pulled her by the arm.“Did you not hear me when I said that every suggestion should first go through with me?” Alfred sighed. “We will talk about this later.”Hermione saw the head of the Beast division grinning at them. She marched out and went outside. She needed some time alone.An hour later the Wizengamot was ready for their final verdict. Hermione tried to ignore the whispers and stares that she received. She focused on the man sitting before the judges.“We have concluded that this man is innocent.” There was an uproar in the room.Clearly, not everyone was happy with the outcome.“Order!” One of the judges knocked a wooden hammer against the tribune. “We have also decided that providing free access to wolfsbane can lower the crime levels across the country. This man may be free now and we expect the wolfsbane bill to go through in a month. This trial is over.”Hermione felt her heartbeat fasten. All her work didn’t go to waste after all. She glanced over to see the head of the Beast division glaring at her angrily. Hermione walked out of the room with a smile plastered across her face. Alfred caught her by the hand and dragged her away from the crowd.“I’m sorry for what I said earlier. This is a success. Just one look at his angry face is worth it.” Alfred nodded in the direction of the head of the Beast division. “As a thank you, we can start the house-elf project in two days. And until then, you can have a few days off.”She walked away, leaving Hermione in an uplifted mood. Everything was once again going according to plan.Hermione stepped out of the chimney in the Manor only to find Draco waiting for her. He studied her face with interest.“I assume it went well.” He rose from an armchair.“It did. He’s free of all charges.” She smiled even wider.“I never doubted that you were the brightest witch of our age.” Draco wrapped his hands around her.“Never?” She raised a brow.“Never.”Hermione decided that going to the Malfoy library and digging into reading was going to be her prize. She went far into it, exploring different sections and titles. Her eyes stopped on a book about potions. She grabbed it only to find a bookmark in it. She wondered who could have been reading it. Was it Draco, Narcissa or Lucius? Hermione opened the bookmarked page and a piece of parchment fell out of it. Her eyes slid across the title ‘Use of potions for protection’ before picking up the paper. Deep inside she already knew what was going to be written on it. She was right. This was another owl with instructions and information on the Death-Eaters. She quickly read it before placing the book back. Hermione rushed to the library door only to find Draco leaning on it.“I haven’t asked you how you did it.”“Did what?” Hermione didn’t understand.“What did you say to convince the Wizengamot?”She took a deep breath to calm her nerves. His sudden appearance didn’t do any good for her fear of being caught.“I went with the illness theory after all. Alfred was so excited that she promised to start working on the house-elf project in a few days.”“A few days? And what are you planning to do until then? Save the world from a threat only known to you?”“I know it’s hard to believe but I will just rest.”“It is. Can’t wrap my head around the concept of a relaxed Hermione. I’ll have to come up with something to keep you busy, or you might as well go crazy.” He chuckled.“Come up with what?”“I have a few ideas.” His hand pulled her closer.Hermione knew that she wasn’t supposed to be kissing him or having any feelings. But that ship had sailed a long time ago. She was just hoping that this is where she would be able to stop.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione stretched out her hand half asleep. Her eyes shot open when her hand touched the covers instead of Draco. He wasn’t there. She felt her heartbeat fasten as her mind wandered in the worst possible direction. Hermione jumped up from the bed and looked around the room. She stayed silent, listening to any noises. He definitely wasn’t here. She tried to stay calm but could already feel a wave of panic rising in her. Hermione stumbled out of the room, completely lost. She tried to gather her thoughts. 
  Where could he go in the middle of the night?

  The Manor is too big to look in each room.

  What if he’s not here at all?

  What if he left once again?

   
A single piano note cut through the silence of the Manor. She sighed, relieved.Hermione pushed the door into the ballroom open. This time Draco noticed her immediately.“Why do you always play sad songs?” She wondered as she walked up to him.“I consider there to be beauty in pain. Something subtle that plays on the strings of your heart.”Hermione huffed.“There’s already enough pain in our lives. Why would you play something so depressing? There are many beautiful songs that don’t make you want to throw yourself off of the nearest balcony.”“Do you expect me to play polka in the middle of the night?” Draco chuckled.“I don’t expect anything from you. But there are many beautiful waltzes.” Hermione rolled her eyes.“You need a partner for a waltz.”“Well, I’m already up. Unless you want someone else to be here with you?”Draco ignored her little sting of jealousy and shifted in his seat.“Alright, a waltz it is.” He placed his hands on the piano.This time the melody was much more optimistic, although Hermione could still sense some sadness in it. Draco lifted a hand from the instrument and did a movement with it. When he rose from his seat, the song continued to play on its own. Hermione watched with interest. She’s never seen anything quite like this.Draco stretched out his hand, inviting her for a dance. Hermione let out a sigh as she took it. She wasn’t quite the dancer. The thought must’ve reflected in her eyes.“Just follow my lead.” He pulled her in the direction of the dancefloor.He was a natural at this. He belonged here. Draco glided smoothly across the dancefloor, guiding her. Hermione tried not to stumble too much. When she did, he would help her gain balance before returning to the smooth and fast dance.By the time the song came to an end, Hermione was panting slightly.“You’ll need some more training. I’m surprised you didn’t trip and fall over during our wedding dance.”Hermione rolled her eyes but had to admit that Draco was right. Perhaps she was so distracted by Astoria and a crowd of people watching her that she simply forgot about her lack of dancing skills.“We can try again later.” He placed his hand on her back, leading them back to bed. Hermione opened her eyes from a ray of sunshine on her face. It must’ve been very early. She heard the birds chirping in the garden while a small current of slightly chilly wind blew through the room. Her eyes slid down to Draco’s head resting peacefully on his pillow. The sun shone through his hair, making it almost transparent. She denied herself from sliding her hand through it. If he woke up, she’d find herself in a situation that was hard to explain. Hermione watched the peaceful expression on his face with a touch of a smile on her lips. God, he looked irresistible even asleep. She never thought that she would find herself in a situation like this. She was watching Draco Malfoy sleep and her only wish was to stay like this forever. A voice inside her head reminded her of her duties and what she had promised to herself. Hermione wasn’t going to let herself fall further down the rabbit hole. She wasn’t going to let herself get closer to him. It would ruin her in the end. No matter how much she wanted it. She would have to wait for a bit less than a year before this was over. For the first time, Hermione found herself questioning whether she even wanted this to end. She quickly swatted away the thought. Unless she wanted to become an emotional wreck, it was better not to think of it at all. Not until she runs out of time.Draco shifted in his sleep, causing Hermione to shut her eyes and try to even her breathing. She listened closely to make sure he was still asleep, drifting off in the process.The next time Hermione woke up was hours later. She heard the sound of water coming from the bathroom and slipped out of the room. With everything going on, she completely forgot about sending the letter with information to Kingsley. She quickly wrote the letter and took a stroll to the owlery. The day was nice and warm with a slight scent of the upcoming autumn, so Hermione even enjoyed the walk.She ran into Draco on her way back. He was waiting for her on a marble bench in the garden.“Good morning.” Hermione sat next to him.“Morning. How did you sleep?”“Well.” She answered.She could sense that Draco wasn’t here to make small talk.“I wanted to speak to you about something.”Hermione tensed up. Once again, she had no idea what he was about to do or say.“We have a public appearance scheduled for today.”She let out a small breath. This wasn’t half as surprising as she feared. Draco gently took her hand. Or was it? Hermione studied his face nervously.“I know that we’ve been going on these fake dates for a while now. And I’m honestly tired of it. Hermione, would you like to go on an actual date with me?”She felt like a boulder was removed from her shoulders. He was full of surprises, just as usual. Except, this time Hermione found herself actually enjoying it.“Yes, I would.” She smiled.
  Later that day
Hermione nervously fidgeted with her wedding ring. Draco told her nothing about where they were going, and she had no idea how to dress. If it was anyone except him, she wouldn’t have even asked herself such a question. It was much more complicated with Draco. He could’ve chosen a small bar or a red-carpet event. Hermione didn’t want to show up looking too casual or overdressed. Her mind ran through options that would suffice for both occasions. An image of Pansy talking about how every woman should have a small black dress came to mind. Hermione stopped on a black knee-length dress with a modest cut that didn’t go too low.There was a knock on the door as Hermione was adding final touches to her hair.“Come in.”Draco walked in, eyeing her from top to bottom. He lowered into an armchair, his gaze not leaving her for a moment.“You look beautiful.” He said after a pause.Hermione looked down to the floor, a smile forming on her lips.“Are you ready?” Draco asked before she could say anything.Hermione took one last glance in the mirror. Satisfied with her look, she nodded. He walked up to her and placed his hand on her arm. The world turned into a splatter of colors for a second.Hermione found them standing in a gazebo, covered in ivy. The sun was much brighter and hotter here. She scanned the view around her. This was definitely not England.“Where are we?” She wondered.“A small village in Italy.”“Is this…” Hermione wasn’t quite sure how to ask such a question.“No, we’re not at the family vineyards, if that’s what you’re asking. But they are close from here. I often visited this village when I was younger.”Relieved, she studied the fields and trees planted in neat lines around them.“These are peach trees.” Draco handed her an empty basket. “Let’s find the ripest ones.”“Are we allowed to pick them?”“Do you care?” He smirked and walked to the nearest tree.Hermione followed. He was unpredictable as always. She tried to predict where they could’ve been going at least vaguely and missed. Her outfit wasn’t completely inappropriate but if she knew that they would go fruit picking, her choice would’ve been different.They filled up the basket with ripe peaches in a matter of minutes. After that Draco led her to a small opening. There was already a checkered blanket on the grass, waiting for them. They laid down, enjoying the fruits and the view. Hermione tried to eat neatly but occasionally would find a small trail of juice making its way to her chin. At last, Draco noticed and grabbed a handkerchief from his pocket. He wiped the juices from her face.“You do know that I’m fully capable of doing it myself?” Hermione asked jokingly.“I don’t doubt it for a second. It just happens that I don’t trust you with my handkerchiefs. You still haven’t returned me the last one.”Hermione let out a sigh at the memories of that night at the bar. Draco squeezed her hand lightly, seeing a change in her mood.“Doesn’t matter. I have plenty more.” He stretched the handkerchief to her.Hermione chuckled as she set it aside next to her. Draco cupped her face as he leaned in for a kiss. A few moments later he pulled back, still inches away from her face.“You taste like a peach.” He chuckled.Hermione smiled lightly, pulling him back into the kiss. They stayed there until dawn. They watched the sunset slowly fade. It wasn’t cold but Hermione slightly shivered from the chilly wind. Draco wrapped his hands around her as they watched the last specks of pink and orange slowly disappear from the sky.“We’ve seen one sunset together. Next on the list is a sunrise.”“You have a list?” Hermione asked.“Of course not. I didn’t mean it literally.” Draco scoffed.Hermione tried to hide her smile behind her hair. She knew damn well that he did have a list.“Do you promise me a sunrise?” She asked after a while.“I promise.”
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione stirred her coffee with a spoon as she watched Ginny float the cookies onto the table. The Burrow was strangely quiet during the daytime. The twins were off to work, while Molly and Arthur went grocery shopping. The rest of the Weasleys already went back to their houses and families.“I heard the werewolf case went brilliantly.” Ginny sat down across the small table.“Yes, hopefully, lycanthropy won’t be such an issue from now on.” Hermione nodded. “I just have to worry about my next project for now.”“I’m sure that you will do well. What’s going on with you and Draco? How is family life?” Ginny’s eyes sparkled.“Everything is great. I’m surprised that I’m saying this, but Draco Malfoy makes a pretty good husband.” She slowly spun the ring around her finger.Ginny smiled. Hermione already knew that if they kept on talking about her marriage certain topics would come up. Sensitive ones. And she was not willing to go down that road. Not when everything was so out of balance. Not when Hermione has been questioning herself three nights in a row.“And what about your-“ Ginny didn’t get to finish.“About my birthday.” Hermione jabbered. “And I know that it’s not coming up for a few weeks. But since you’ve invited me so early, I decided that I will do the same. I’m not entirely sure what I’m going to do yet. Probably a small party in the Manor or a dinner at a restaurant. Just wanted to invite you in advance.”“Umm- thanks.” Ginny narrowed her brows, confused by the sudden change of tone. “I’ll be there.”“Why are we only talking about me? I haven’t heard a word from the boys in a while. Did they send a reply to your letter?”Ginny looked down, strangely interested in the cracks on the table. The pause was slightly longer than it needed to be.“No.” She answered without looking up.“Gin, what’s going on?”“Nothing.”“I can tell from a mile away that you’re hiding something from me.”Ginny huffed, struggling to find an answer.“They did answer.”“And?” Hermione asked.“You won’t like it…”“Ginny, let me see it.”“It’s bad.”“I don’t care.”Ginny sighed and used Accio to summon the letter. It floated down right in front of Hermione. 
  Dear Ginny,

  The both of us are doing great. I’m not sure if I can say this but we’ve moved to a new place. This is practically paradise on earth, especially with Ron no longer wailing about the food. It’s finally fit to his liking. How are you? 

   
Hermione looked at Ginny confused. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the letter. Her friend on the other side seemed quite worried. Judging from the smudged ink and the handwriting, Ron must’ve pulled the letter from underneath Harry’s quill. She sighed and went back to reading, mentally preparing for whatever Ron wrote. 
  We just got the Prophet for the month of July. Has Hermione completely gone out of her mind? It’s one thing to see her strolling on the streets with two death-eaters months after I left. But her getting married to that piece of shit… She’s a traitor. Gin, stop seeing or contacting her in any way. She betrayed everything that we fought for. The price of the brightest witch of our age is a heavy sack of galleons and a big house. Stay safe and tell Hermione to go to hell.

  Ron
 Hermione swallowed slowly as she set down the letter. It felt like there was no air in the room. The silence was deafening.“Hermione-““It’s probably best if I go.” She rose from her chair.“No, no, stay. You know how Ron is. He says something and regrets it moments later.”“It’s fine. I just remembered I have something important to do at home.”“I don’t care what Ron thinks. He doesn’t have a say in our friendship. Merlin, he gets most of his information from the papers. He probably read one of Skeeter’s made-up stories and got mad. Ron is far away and doesn’t see what I do. You’re happy and Draco doesn’t seem to be the asshole that he used to be at school. All that rubbish with the war is over. Soon, they will come back and see for themselves that you are no traitor.”“Gin, you really are the greatest friend that one could wish for.” Hermione hugged her. “But I just need some time alone.”“Sure, just don’t disappear. Please. I don’t want to lose a friend over some nonsense that Ron said.”“You know that I would never do that to you.” She assured her and stepped out of the Burrow.Hermione felt a wave of apathy flood over her. She knew that Ron’s reaction would be bad. What she didn’t expect was to be affected by it in such a strange way. She didn’t want to cry, she wasn’t angry. Hermione was simply tired.Her legs led her to the Malfoy library. She opened the first book, but her thoughts constantly distracted her from actually understanding its meaning. After a few attempts at reading, Hermione finally gave up. Instead, she wrapped herself in a blanket and sat on the windowsill. She looked at the garden bushes covered in fog and listened to the tapping sound of the rain.“I thought you were at Ginny’s.” Draco walked to her.“I already came back.”He studied her silently for a few minutes before speaking again.“Did something happen? You came back early.”“No, everything is alright.”“Did she say something to you? I’ll speak to her.”“Merlin, no. She hasn’t done anything.” Hermione widened her eyes.“Then who did?”Hermione let out a sigh. Even if she wanted to tell him, how was she supposed to explain it? She certainly wasn’t allowed to speak about letters. It would compromise the boys in so many ways, that she wasn’t even sure where to begin.“I don’t want to talk about it.” She shrugged her shoulders. “Just accidentally revisited something unpleasant from the past.”Draco moved his brows together, trying to find something that would give him a clue about what happened on her face. He disappeared for a few minutes, leaving Hermione wondering where he went. He reappeared with a mug in his hands. Hermione smiled at the mint aroma.“Careful, it’s hot.” He passed her the tea.Hermione nodded, cupping the mug with her hands.“Are you sure that you don’t want to talk about it?” Draco asked.Hermione nodded once more.“Do you want to be alone for a bit?”“I think that it would be best.” She agreed.Draco planted a kiss on her cheek and disappeared with a whooshing sound. Hermione looked at the steam rising from the cup. She didn’t take a single sip yet but could already feel the warmth spreading through her chest. And it had nothing to do with the cup of mint tea that she was holding in her hands.
  The next day
Hermione walked into the Ministry, excited to finally get to work on the house-elf project. She sat down and her gaze landed on a yellow sticker that hung on one of the walls of her cubicle. 
  
    My office as soon as you get this- Kingsley.
  
 Hermione let out a small groan and turned her head to see if anyone saw her reading the note. No one was watching, so she tossed the crumpled-up piece of paper into a desk drawer. Kingsley could wait, whatever he was so eager to share with her couldn’t have been super important. Hermione regained a less suspicious look just in time for Alfred to reach her cubicle.“Good morning, Malfoy. I hope you had plenty of rest because we have big plans for you for the next few weeks.”“I did, thank you for giving me these days off. Where should I begin?” Hermione straightened her posture.“We will have a brief meeting to discuss some aspects of your project and set deadlines,” Alfred explained. “Everyone is waiting for you in my office.”Hermione felt completely justified to join the meeting. It was about following her interests and passion, not listening to Kingsley give orders and complain. Anyone except for her would’ve considered the meeting boring and stretched out. Not her though. Hermione carefully listened to every single note and paid attention to the smallest details, pointing out any mistakes. She returned to her cubicle with an uplifted spirit. Hermione sighed as she remembered about the note from Kingsley. He might as well come to her if she takes long enough. She rose from her desk reluctantly.This time when she pushed the door into his open Kingsley was already waiting for her. He wasn’t doing anything besides sitting behind his desk, arms crossed.“You wanted to see me?”“You’re not doing your job properly.”“I think that the wolfsbane bill and the house-elf project are going perfectly.” She raised a brow.“You know that’s not what I meant,” Kingsley spoke in a low voice, but it was clear that he was annoyed. “I thank you for information on the Death- eaters, but it’s not enough. Have you gained Draco’s trust? Because from what I see, you’ve made appearances… How many times this month? Two? Three?”Hermione sighed deeply. She felt uncomfortable speaking about Draco in such a way, but she had to do it.“I’m trying to gain his trust, but he’s very emotionally distant from me.” Hermione didn’t even blink. “He’s very suspicious of me, but I’m starting to make progress. I need a few more months. Besides, if we’re married and live together is there even a point to go out so often? It looks strange.”“We don’t have so much time just to gain someone’s trust. You have to act quickly. Whatever you want to do should first be approved by the Order. You can’t just miss public appearances and then tell me that it was your plan all along.” Kingsley sighed. “Why didn’t you make an appearance two days ago? Go ahead, if you understand so much, then explain it to me.”Peach trees, hot rays of the sun, checkered blanket, the soft touch of his lips against her skin, and finally the sunset.Hermione cleared her throat, trying to get rid of her thoughts. She studied the room, pretending that she was getting ready to tell everything she knew. Her mind was racing to come up with a lie good enough to pass as the truth.“We argued right before the date. I know that this is a question of making an appearance and not our emotions.” She stopped, thinking of a follow-up. “Trust me, if we went on that date, the next Prophet was going to be featuring our public fight.”“Right, we’ll have to make up for you skipping the public appearance.”“Sure, we’ll go out in a few days.” She nodded.“No, I don’t mean it like that. We have to compensate for the lack of the two of you for quite a while. Your birthday is a perfect occasion to gather many people and journalists.”“What? No, I won’t turn my birthday into some pompous party. I want to celebrate it with close people, not half of the wizarding world.” She protested.“We’ll talk about it next time.”“No, no next time. I refuse to agree with this.  I’d rather go on a date with Draco than suffer through a whole evening with people that I don’t even know or care about.” Hermione huffed.“You have feelings for him, don’t you?” Kingsley narrowed his eyes.Hermione felt her heart skip a beat as she gathered her will and emotions. It was a simple question. But if she slips up, the consequences are going to be terrible.“You think that if you put me into the same house as a Death-eater, I’ll develop some sort of feelings for him?” She snorted. “Not when he’s part of the reason why Harry and Ron are still away. Not after he committed multiple crimes and has hated me for the entirety of his life. Why would you even ask me something like that?”“You called your appearances dates. I find it to be a rather odd name.”Hermione struggled to hold back from rolling her eyes. Annoyance boiled in the center of her chest.“I find many things odd. Please stop asking me such questions, it insults my dignity.” She spat.“Alright, I just had to check. I don’t want any complications at the end of the year.” He warned.“Trust me, there won’t be any,” Hermione reassured.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  19th of September
Hermione shifted, feeling the silk bedding smoothly fold around her skin. She was already half-awake, but it felt so warm and comfortable that she wanted to stretch out the feeling. Her birthday didn’t feel like something she was supposed to celebrate. A part of her struggled to get rid of a guilty sensation that sunk deep into her guts. If only she could stay here for the rest of the day without having to show her face to anyone. Perhaps except Draco, but that was it. Hermione felt the mattress behind her sink under the weight of his body. Moments later a soft kiss was left on her cheek. She turned around and opened her eyes just the tiniest bit. A smile escaped from her lips. She couldn’t help herself but do it every time that she saw him.“Happy birthday.” He stroked her hair. “I have a little something for you.”Draco placed two small neatly wrapped boxes beside Hermione. She quickly sat up and eyed him suspiciously. She had absolutely no clue what could be inside of those boxes. With Draco’s reputation for surprises, Hermione had a full right to be nervous. She picked up the box that was closer to her and started opening it before she had the time to overthink her decision. Inside was a small black pouch. Hermione dug her hand inside it only to find…“A golden feather?” She asked confused. “I mean it looks beautiful, but I don’t quite understand its purpose. Or is this supposed to have some sort of meaning?”“You think too much.” He chuckled lightly. “This is for your books. I’m tired of seeing you constantly using pieces of paper or brochures as bookmarks.”“Oh.” Hermione twirled the leaf in her hand.The metal sent a cold wave through her fingertips. It was an incredibly detailed work, which at the same time seemed to be very durable. She set it aside and opened the second box.“No, I can’t take these.” Hermione stretched the gift to him. “This is too expensive.”A pair of earrings shone in the sun. They matched the ring on Hermione’s finger perfectly. The same materials, jewels, and style of work.“Nothing is too expensive when it comes to you.” Draco gently pushed back the box. “Besides, I didn’t spend a galleon on these. These belong to the family for a while now.”Hermione traced an earring with her fingertip. The base of the earring was a circle of diamonds followed by a waterfall of emeralds. She sighed, picturing how good they would go with the ring.“Let’s try these on and then you can decide if you want to keep them.”Draco moved a strand of hair from her face and gave her the box. Hermione tried to put on the earrings as quickly as possible, afraid that she could break them. From time to time her finger would slip and Hermione struggled for a while before finally managing to put them on. She slowly walked to the mirror, already knowing that she would fall in love with them.She was right. Hermione slightly shook her head and watched the teardrops of emeralds swing. The sun made the rocks turn a shade of bright seawater tinted by seaweed. Hermione sighed and took one last glance in the mirror before turning around to return her gift to Draco. She couldn’t help but roll her eyes when she found the room empty.She changed into a beige dress that wasn’t too casual nor formal and walked to the dining room. The official part of her birthday was in the evening, and she didn’t feel like rushing to get there yet. Draco was already at the table when she entered the room.“You really think that disappearing from the room will stop me from returning these earrings?” Hermione asked jokingly as she sat down.“I don’t even want to hear about it.” He waved his hands. “This is a gift, and you won’t be returning it.”Hermione sighed, knowing that when Draco didn’t want something to happen, he’d do anything.  She brought her plate closer to her and started chewing. Soon her eyes landed on a metallic container with something black in it sitting on top of a small glass bowl filled with ice. Next to it was butter and sliced bread. Hermione threw a confused glance at Draco.“This is black caviar. Don’t tell me that you’ve never tried it.” He moved the bowl to him.“I never found unhatched fish eggs particularly appealing.” Hermione watched him spread butter on a small piece of toasted white bread.“Well, if you put it this way it does sound disgusting.” Draco dug into the caviar with a tiny spoon. “I promise it tastes way better than you just described.”“You want me to try that?”Draco placed some caviar on top of the buttered bread and handed it to her. Hermione eyed it with a suspicious look. It smelled of toasted bread with a slight hint of something salty.“You’re looking at it like I’m trying to poison you. This is delicious.” Draco was preparing the same thing for him.“I’m not going to eat this.” She protested.“Just one bite. Do you trust me?”Hermione sighed. If she ever wanted to leave the table, there was only one thing that she could do. She carefully took a small bite and chewed slowly. At first, all that she could taste was saltiness from the caviar but then her tastebuds caught the buttered bread. She had to admit that it did taste great.“How is it?” Draco watched her with a slight smile before taking a bite himself.“It’s not terrible.”“Not terrible?” He chuckled.Hermione took another bite. It did taste nice but not nearly as great as she heard it was.“You’re lucky I didn’t love this. I heard that it’s quite hard to get.” She shrugged her shoulders.After they finished eating Draco led her to the chimney.“Let me guess, you’re not telling me where we are going?” She asked.“You guessed right.” Draco tossed the Floo powder into the chimney as he spoke.They stepped out from the chimney and into a crammed room. Shelves full of old books and unknown objects stretched as far as the eye could see.“What is this place? It looks like the room of requirement.” Hermione picked up a book and blew the dust off it.“This is an antique store. I would’ve come up with something better if we weren’t so short on time. Most of these things are useless but if you search thoroughly, you might find something valuable.”“No, this is great. People give away so many things without knowing their true purpose. Thank you.”Hermione studied the book in her hands. It described various beasts and was probably way outdated. Draco pulled it from her hands.“I know how much you love dusty boring books, but this place has much more to offer.”Hermione walked around the store, scanning the shelves. There were so many objects that after a few minutes it all blurred into one dusty brown mess. The front of the store was much cleaner, the labeled shelves shone from polish and Hermione even noticed a couch and a coffee table for guests. Unfortunately, the displayed objects seemed way less interesting than what she saw at the back of the room. She huffed and turned back. Her search lasted for what could’ve been an hour. There were numerous books that she wanted to take but Hermione restrained herself. She could already see the grin on Draco’s face when he would see her with a pile of books, as expected. Hermione found an old vase with a bird in a cage painted on it. It didn’t particularly appeal to her, but it was beautiful. When she picked it up, she noticed a small black box next to it. It wasn’t even a box because it didn’t have a lid. The whole thing was just a solid rectangle with a small hole on the side. Hermione hesitated before picking it up. 
  At least this is something.
 She walked back to Draco who was also studying the shelves. He raised a brow at the things that she was holding in her hands.“Are you sure about this? We can look around for a bit more if you want. We still have two more hours before the guests arrive.”“No need, this is what I want.”“What is that?” He pointed at the black box.“No idea but I’m going to figure out how to use it.” Hermione shrugged.“I’m sure you will.” He wrapped his hand around her shoulders and led Hermione to the front of the store.“Seriously? No jokes or being snarky about it?”“If it was any other day, I’d tell you that this is probably some broken toy or just a stupid box. But it is your birthday after all, so I won’t say a thing.”
  Later that day
Hermione straightened out her dress and took one last glance into the mirror. She wasn’t particularly thrilled with the idea of such a public birthday but what’s done is done. The dress was a dark green color that matched the emeralds on her finger and ears. The silk stretched down to the floor, whilst the top was a corset of a matching color. Her right shoulder was draped over with the fabric. Hermione fidgeted with her ring for a moment before exiting the room.Draco was already waiting for her downstairs. His gaze slid up and down her, not leaving even for a moment. Hermione suddenly felt like the dress was too tight, making her struggle to breathe. She swallowed nervously, as she felt him undressing her with his eyes.“You look magnificent.” He said after a moment as took her hand and kissed it. “Would you care for a dance?”Draco looked into her eyes, waiting for an answer. Hermione tried to even out her breathing as she nodded.They entered the empty ballroom and Hermione once again found herself mesmerized by how it looked with all the lights lit. Draco walked away to the piano and played a few notes before leaving the instrument to play on its own.“Do you have to do this whenever you want the music to play? Can’t it just do that on its own?” Hermione asked when he came back.“Yes, how else would it work?”She shrugged her shoulders as he took her hand and began leading her to the center of the room. The dance wasn’t as fast as the last time, but Hermione still found herself struggling because of the dress. She stepped onto the silk fabric on one particularly sharp turn and would’ve fallen if it wasn’t for Draco. He lifted her by the hips as Hermione let out a noise. He did it with such ease as if she weighed like a feather. When he set her down, Hermione felt her cheeks tinted by a shade of rose. She took a beat to draw a breath before resuming and saw something change in Draco’s face.“What’s wrong?”“Nothing. The guests are here.”“How do you know?” She straightened out her dress.“I get a mental signal whenever somebody enters the grounds.”“How come I don’t have that?” Hermione crossed her arms.“I can do that for you since you are a Malfoy now, but I doubt that you’ll like it. I used to wake up in the middle of the night because of that.”“Who came here at night?” She started before realizing.The Malfoy Manor was famous for its grandness. And she personally knew that this was the house where most of the Death-Eaters lived during the war. Hermione instantly regretted what she said when she looked at his face.“I’m sorry, I…” She began.“Doesn’t matter, I should probably go greet the guests. I’ll be back in a minute.” He said before apparating.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione paused before opening the bathroom door, listening to the crowd murmur as guests walked down the hall and into the ballroom. She wanted to go upstairs, sit this one out. And she would’ve done it, except it was her birthday and the guests came to see her, or at least most of them pretended they did. Hermione didn’t get a say in the guest list and judging from her wedding, most of the invited were going to be complete strangers to her. Strangers to whom this was just another social gathering to show off at. Strangers who Kingsley thought were too important not to invite. Hermione huffed and pushed the bathroom door. There was no use in hiding. She already knew that this evening would feel endless no matter how long she stays in here.Hermione smiled at a group of witches that wished her a happy birthday and made her way into the ballroom. She eyed a pile of presents forming near the entrance and scanned the room for Draco. A strong hug from behind made her choke on air. She twisted and turned around, still being squeezed by someone’s grasp only to see that it was Ginny.“Happy birthday!” She finally let Hermione go. “Judging by the crowd this wasn’t your idea?”“I suppose being a Malfoy comes with its disadvantages.”“This is what you point out? Not the batshit crazy family?” Ginny grabbed two champagne flutes from a passing waiter.“Happy birthday!” Pansy swooped her into a less life-threatening hug. “How are you? I haven’t seen you in a while. We should all go out again sometime.”“I’m great, honestly. Not sure if Draco is going to be happy with your suggestion, though.”“Oh, but we definitely should.” Chimed in Ginny.“Who has ever cared what Draco has to say? Come on, it will be fun.” Pansy winked and finished the contents of her glass with one swing.“You are a really bad influence on me guys.” Hermione took a careful sip.Ginny fake gasped while Pansy giggled.“Oh, don’t act so offended. We both have been called worse.” Pansy pushed Ginny playfully.“What are you little birds on about?” Blaise appeared from the crowd.“Nothing much, just planning our next party.” Pansy smiled.“A party? And you didn’t invite me?” Blaise swirled his drink.“No, no party. It was just a suggestion.” Hermione protested. “We are not going to have a party. It’s a bad idea.”“Quit lying.” Blaise threw his hand over her shoulders and squeezed Hermione’s arm. “I know that you just don’t want to invite me and that’s not going to work birthday girl.”“She’s afraid that Draco won’t like it,” Pansy whispered.“Oooh.” Blaise chuckled.“I’m not afraid of him.” Hermione rolled her eyes and shook the hand from her shoulders.“Then set the date.” He urged.“Fine.” Hermione straightened her back. “We’re going out on Halloween. And we are going to a muggle club.”She watched eyebrows rise and mouths open with a smile. There was no way that they would agree to this.“Alright, that’s something new,” Ginny spoke first.“I like new.” Pansy swapped her empty glass for a full one.“Can’t say I’ve been with a muggle girl before.” Blaise shook his shoulders.“Ew, don’t place an image in my head.” Pansy groaned.“Not my problem that you girls don’t have any fun.”“I don’t have any fun? I have plenty of fun! We just have different concepts of it.” Pansy shot a warning stare.“Mine for example doesn’t involve risking catching an unknown disease every time that I go out,” Hermione added.Blaise almost choked on his drink, while a laugh escaped Ginny’s lips. Pansy, who had a full mouth of champagne struggled not to spit it out for a minute. Hermione blushed from the effect that her joke had. It didn’t sound as bad in her head.“Good one, Hermione,” Pansy said after getting herself together.“I should probably go find Draco.” She turned to walk away before noticing the lights dim.The crowd in front of her evaporated, creating a wide corridor for… Draco with a humongous multilayered cake floating next to him. The scene looked so surreal that Hermione couldn’t hold back a smile.“Imagine if he drops it.” Someone who may have been or may have been not Blaise whispered from behind.There was a sound that may have or may have been not Pansy shoving somebody.“Happy birthday to you…” Ginny started and soon the entire room was singing.“Make a wish.” Draco made the cake float right next to Hermione’s face.She looked at him, trying to come up with ways to phrase her wish. It was simple yet nearly impossible. It was the only thing she wanted. 
  I wish to celebrate every single birthday until the end of my life with Draco.
 Hermione blew out the candles as the room filled with applause and cheering. Despite being the center of attention, she felt invisible. The weight of her wish fell hard on her shoulders.“Take a bite!” Ginny urged.“What?” Hermione was dragged back into the real world. “From the cake? Now?”She looked around, seeing that people were waiting for her, and lowered her face. Hermione took a small bite, half expecting to be dipped into the cake. Thankfully, no one did it, so the only trace of cake was around her mouth. Draco sent the cake to a table and the crowd followed.“You can start a collection of these.” He stretched out a handkerchief.“Are you sure that you don’t want to keep it? There’s plenty of tissues at the table.”“You can take all of my handkerchiefs if you want.”“How graceful of you,” Hermione said as she wiped her mouth. “And there I was thinking that chivalry is dead.”“You really thought that while being with me?”Hermione couldn’t tell if he was joking or genuinely asking. She was about to answer when a wave of vanilla perfume almost choked her. She watched with disgust as two manicured hands with bright red sharp nails lowered onto her shoulders.“Happy birthday!” A sweet voice followed.Hermione knew who it was way before turning around.“Astoria.” She smiled. “What are you doing here?”“Your invitation got lost by an owl, I suppose. Thankfully, I took matters into my own hands, so here I am.”“Good for you.” It was the only appropriate thing that Hermione managed out of her mouth.“Unfortunately, I didn’t know the correct time, so I was a bit late. Hopefully, you’ll forgive me.”“Why don’t you get a slice of cake? They’re cutting it at the table.” Draco took matters into his own hands.“I’m on a diet and it’s too late to be eating anyway. But if you guide me there, then I might as well give it a try.” Astoria batted her eyelashes.“Would you be so kind, love, and show Astoria where the cake is?”“Oh, no, the pleasure is all yours.” Hermione gave a fake smile. “I was just going out for a breath of fresh air.”“I might join you later,” Astoria promised.“I’ll be waiting.”Hermione hurried away. She didn’t want to burst out in front of so many people. The big windows on one side of the ballroom were open and turned out to be doors leading to a balcony. Hermione went there only to find people either smoking or gossiping in small groups. Too crowded for her liking. She gripped the railing, trying to ignore stares, her eyes landing on a small staircase down to the gardens. She quickly ran down it, and into the maze. She needed a place as far away from people as possible, she had to sit it out.Hermione went in the direction of an opening, which she knew had a bench. She sighed when she saw a couple making out on it. Hermione walked past them, suddenly freezing in the tracks.“Pansy?”“Hermione?” Blaise stood up from the bench.“This is not what it looks like. We were just talking.” Pansy waved her hands. “We were just leaving.”“If you want this spot…” Blaise started.“No, no it’s fine.” Hermione protested and walked away. She exited the maze in a completely new place. The Manor was further away than she expected it to be. Hermione saw a blue gloom around the corner and went there. It turned out to be a pool surrounded by different things to lounge on. She lowered into a couch, surprised how she hadn’t found the place before.Hermione moved the scene with Blaise and Pansy aside. It was none of her business and too much to process at a time. The fact that Astoria hadn’t done something wrong but still managed to annoy worried her much more. She was obviously flirting with Draco, but it wasn’t something big enough to pin her. Hermione knew that lashing out right now would make her look like a complete psycho to everyone else. She fidgeted with her wedding ring. 
  For Merlin’s sake, we are married.

  I have an official claim on that man.

  Why does it not feel enough?

   
She went through ways to destroy Astoria’s evening but couldn’t find one that wouldn’t make her look like she’s completely off the rails. Spilling something on her dress was too obvious and simply kicking Astoria out would make her look like the villain. Hermione wasn’t too sure that she could restrain herself from doing at least one of those things or preferably both if she went back. So, she just sat by the pool, soaking in her own jealousy.“There you are. Why did you leave?” Draco stood next to her.Hermione almost jumped. She was so deep in her own world of fake scenarios of what was going on in the ballroom that she didn’t even notice him. In fact, she was right at the moment where imaginary Draco and Astoria ran off to Italy when she was interrupted. She stood up to mask her surprise.“I’m sorry, I didn’t know that she would come.” Draco pulled her into an embrace. “I promise you that I didn’t invite her.”“I know.” Hermione placed her hand on his back.She felt the heat of his skin through the cool fabric. The muscles under her hand shifted as he pulled away to look at her face.“How come you never told me that you have a pool?” Hermione turned her head.“Do you want to take a dip?” He chuckled“It’s too cold.”“It’s heated.”“Of course, it is.” Hermione rolled her eyes.“You look like a person in desperate need of a swim.” He lifted her up.“What kind of a look is that even supposed to be?” She asked ironically before realizing that she was in fact being carried to the pool. “Put me down! Don’t you dare!”The rest of her words were inaudible as Draco threw her into the water. Hermione stood up in the pool, furiously looking at him. He was struggling not to laugh.“You’re a terrible husband, Draco Malfoy. You bring an ex to my birthday and then throw me into the pool.” She treaded through the water to him.“I already said that she came uninvited.”“Get me out of here!”Draco stopped laughing, sensing the tension, and stretched out his hand only to be pulled into the water. When he dove out, his eyes wide, it was Hermione’s turn to laugh.“I can’t believe that you fell for that. It’s quite literally the oldest trick in the book.” She giggled.“I thought that you were angry at me for a moment.”Hermione watched tiny drops of water on his face and hair fall back into the water. Her eyes slid down to his white shirt that became transparent and slick against his body.“As much as I want to, I can’t be mad at you for long, and don’t you dare to use it against me.”“Never.”“Never is a very long time.” Hermione shivered from a brush of wind. The water was warm, but it was autumn after all. Draco pulled her close before finding her lips. She traced his jaw with her fingertips before sliding down to the top button on his shirt.“What are you doing?” He gently pulled away, his eyes pools of silver.Hermione paused for a moment, drawing a shaky breath.“I want you to touch me.”Something changed in his face before he leaned back into the kiss. This time it was more desperate, hungry, like was letting himself go. She quickly began unbuttoning his shirt like they were in a hurry. Hermione let out a small gasp when his wet hand touched her back. She felt shivers spread through her body as he pulled her close.“Um guys, sorry for the intrusion.”Hermione’s eyes shot in the direction of Pansy that was standing on the edge of the pool. She almost flew to the opposite side of the pool.“The Manor better be on fire,” Draco warned.“Just wanted to tell you that I kicked Astoria out since none of you had the balls to do it.”“Are you done with the extremely relevant news? This couldn’t wait for another hour or so?”“Don’t flatter yourself. I just figured that since I walked all the way here, I might as well say it.” Pansy sat down on a chair. “Besides, I have to talk to Hermione about something kind of important.”“Don’t get comfortable. In case you haven’t noticed, we were in the middle of something.” Draco growled.“Oh, I saw. You weren’t even started.” She shrugged her shoulders. “Besides, the pool isn’t the best place when you have the house swarming with guests. It could’ve easily been Skeeter to stumble upon you. Oh, what a juicy article it would be.”Hermione felt her face go red at how casually Pansy said it.“Fuck off.”“It’s alright, Draco. She’s right.” Hermione pulled herself out of the pool.“Sorry, love you.” Pansy smiled as she watched Draco walk off.“Go fuck yourself.” Echoed from behind the bushes.Hermione performed a drying spell before sitting down next to Pansy.“I’m really sorry.”“Probably for the best.” Hermione shrugged her shoulders.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione shifted in her seat, preparing herself to listen to whatever Pansy had to say. Her mind kept slipping back to what just happened in the pool. If it wasn’t for the intrusion, she would’ve let herself go. It wasn’t right, it would complicate things beyond repair. What would she do at the end of the year? This was something that very few people would approve of. But since when was she going to ask anyone’s permission? They made her marry Draco. For Merlin’s sake, they had it coming. Hermione drew a deep breath, concentrating on the conversation.“I’m really sorry.”“Probably for the best.” Hermione shrugged her shoulders. “I suppose you want to talk about what I saw in the maze?”“I know that this is an asshole move to just barge in here but this can’t wait. I don’t know when will be the next time that I see you.” Pansy sighed and looked at something in the distance.“Why is this such a big deal? I thought you and Blaise were just kissing. Don’t mean to be rude but I never took you for a particularly sentimental person.”“You’re right.” She smiled and nodded. “If this was any other guy, I wouldn’t even bother to explain myself. But he’s not. This is Blaise. Someone both I and Draco have known for years now. It’s messed up because we’re friends. And well, because he’s Blaise.”Pansy let out a sad chuckle.“I’m sure that you’ll work it out. I and Ron were friends for years before we started dating and everything worked out…” Hermione stopped. “Not the best example but you got the idea.” “I don’t even know what we are right now, so I’m begging you not to say anything to Draco. He won’t respond well to the news.” Pansy sighed.“Well, do you like him?”Pansy tapped her nails on the coffee table before answering.“To be honest, I like him a lot. And it scares me because I know that he isn’t the type to commit.” Pansy stood up from her chair. “Whatever, sorry for dumping this onto you. Just please don’t say a word to Draco.”“I’ll take it to my grave if I have to.”“Don’t say that. Let’s get back inside before the guests notice that you’re gone.”Hermione was surprised to see that by the time they came back half of the crowd was gone. The rest seemed to be preparing to leave.“I guess the party’s over. I feel like if I interrupt you guys once more Draco will literally kill me.” Pansy gave Hermione a light hug. “See you soon. And have a wonderful night.”She winked to her before exiting the room, leaving Hermione once again flushed. She almost jumped up from Draco’s hand on her back.“Where is everyone going?” Hermione asked, sensing tension at the bottom of her stomach.“It’s already past midnight, so I told everyone that we’re tired. Truth be told, I don’t want anyone interrupting us once more.” Draco’s thumb slid up and down her back. “As long as you haven’t changed your mind about having sex with me.”Hermione nodded slowly without looking at him. Instead, she watched the guests slowly vacate the room. What was it with everyone talking so openly about such intimate things?“Is this what you call an answer?” He chuckled. “I want you to say it.”Hermione’s eyes widened as she looked around to see if anyone was close enough to hear her. It was clear but Hermione still felt strange saying it in a room with people.“I want you Draco.” She whispered.“Want me to what?” He teased, his breath tickling her ear.Hermione watched the last guest exit the room before turning around. She stared at him furiously.“I want you to sleep with me. And if you say another snarky phrase of yours, then you might as well sleep alone.” Hermione burst out, feeling her confidence fade with each second that she looked at him.“Very well.” He chuckled, something sparkling in his eyes.The next moment Hermione found them standing in his bedroom. The only source of light was the moon and lights from the garden. She swallowed nervously at the realization of what was about to happen, feeling her throat go dry. He cupped her face before kissing her on the lips. Hermione tried to find salvation in something so common and comforting but couldn’t get rid of nervousness. Her fingers went down to the buttons on his shirt, shaking. Hermione had done this already but this time it felt too real. This time she was sure that it would lead to something. Hermione struggled with Draco’s shirt longer than expected.“Allow me.” He covered her hand with his.The sound of his voice in the dark calmed her down. Hermione tried to focus on things that she was used to. His breath, that was a bit faster than usual, the fabric of his shirt that they tossed aside, the way the muscles on his back moved when his hands explored her body. She felt her stomach turn as he unzipped her dress and it fell down to the floor. Draco deepened the kiss as his hand slid over her bare skin that used to be covered with fabric. Hermione felt drunk from his touch. She took a step back to draw a breath as she threw off her heels.“I should probably tell this now.” Hermione sat on the bed, instantly regretting it.It was too dark to see his face but the silhouette of Draco towering over her was enough to send anyone to the edge.“What is it?” He lowered right in front of her.This was worse. So much worse. The sight of him right next to her open legs led her mind to places that she would never speak of. Hermione moved her knees together before gathering her thoughts.“You should know that…” Hermione looked at the window before resuming. “This is my first time, so…”“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” He asked after a moment of silence.“I don’t know.” She shrugged her shoulders.Hermione watched him tug his hair.“Did you try anything-“Draco paused. “What’s the furthest that you’ve gone?”“Kissing?” She replied unsurely.“Fuck, Hermione.” He ran his hand through his hair.She felt like he was going to leave. Like she was going to be all alone once more without a clue what to do next. But he didn’t. Instead, he placed his hand on her lap and squeezed gently.“Tell me if you want to stop or feel uncomfortable, alright?”“Mhm,” She nodded.He reached for her hips and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Hermione bit her bottom lip when she felt him plant a kiss on her inner thigh. Draco slowly made his way up to the apex of her thighs only to stop abruptly and switch to the other leg. Hermione leaned back on her hands, feeling the heat between her legs spread up to her stomach. She sucked in a little breath when he kissed her right next to the line of her panties. Hermione looked down only to meet his gaze, which shot electricity through her. She let out a gasp at the feeling of his tongue running over her underwear and fell onto the bed. She tried to focus on the bed pillars raising into darkness in an attempt to relax. Her toes curled when his tongue slowly slid up her. Hermione felt his hand peel off her underwear and how it suddenly felt chilly. She crossed her legs involuntarily only for him to spread them wider moments later and place them over his shoulders.“I want you to look at me. I want to see your face when I drive you to the edge.”She heard him but couldn’t move. She just couldn’t bring herself to do it. The room was dark, but he was close enough for her to make out the features of his face, which meant he could see hers.“Look at me.” This time his tone was more demanding.Hermione raised her head, struggling not to look away. Thank God it was dark. She could tell that she was flushed without a mirror.She let out a shaky breath as his tongue brushed her.“God, you’re wet.” His breath tickled her inner thigh.Hermione thought that it was impossible to blush more but there she was. It took all her willpower not to look away or close her eyes while he explored her with precision. He was pressing buttons that she didn’t know she had. His pace was slow and steady, and she found herself close to begging him for more. She crumpled the bedding in her fist when he changed the pace, first going with slow flat strokes, then switching to shorter and faster laps. The warmth inside her was growing, ready to overflow any moment. Her thighs clenched. Hermione could feel that she was close. Draco stopped abruptly and she almost groaned.“Patience.” The word rolled off his tongue. “I have to loosen you up for me.”Her eyes widened at the words. She bit her lip when she realized what he meant. His finger slid into her halfway as Draco watched her reaction. She already felt full and had no idea how he was supposed to fit inside. Hermione let out a loud moan when his tongue returned to her. She was almost there when he left her, so this time it was faster for her to get to the edge. She couldn’t help but squeeze her eyes shut as the sensation between her legs got more intense. Her hips moved closer, trying to get more. Her walls clenched as she reached and fell over the edge.Hermione opened her eyes to see Draco standing up as he was undoing his belt. She felt strengthless, so she just watched him, wondering if her body could take more. He dropped his trousers and climbed onto the bed. Hermione found herself staring at his boxers for too long, she tried to mask it by rolling over on her side. She thought that she was being discreet until he came close enough to see a smirk on his face.He leaned in for a kiss and she heard a clip behind her. Draco pulled off her bra before leaving a trail of kisses down her neck. His lips slid across her chest as his fingers made their way between her legs. Hermione moaned at two of his fingers struggling to fit inside her while his teeth grazed her nipple. She arched her back at the feeling of being stretched out and felt him hard against her. She wanted more and she wanted to stop. She wanted him. Hermione tried to gather her scattered thoughts to form a sentence.“Please-“ She panted. “I want you inside of me.”“You just can’t wait, my love, can’t you?” Draco breathed out into her ear.He turned her on her back and slid his hands up her thighs. Hermione felt her muscles strain for him to simply fit between her legs. She yearned for more, she wanted to become one whole with him. He grabbed her by the hips and moved closer. Her walls clenched when she felt his tip pressed up against her entrance.“I need you to relax.” Draco’s hand cupped her face. “Alright?”Hermione nodded, hoping that he would see it, and drew a deep breath. She felt like her heart was going to rip through her ribcage, but she did her best to release the tension. A groan burst from her throat as he slowly inched in. He was bigger than she imagined.“Are you alright?” Draco’s voice sounded worried.“Mhmm.” Hermione grabbed his arm as he continued to slide in.She was wet enough for it not to actually hurt but she dug her nails into his back at the bittersweet sensation. He dragged himself out of her before pushing in again. This time he slid in easier, but Hermione couldn’t hold back a quiet groan.“Just a little more. You’re such a good girl.”His words set the warmth at the bottom of her stomach back to life. His tongue slid into her mouth as he went at a slow pace. Her hand slid from his neck to his jawline. Hermione moaned into his mouth when he quickened the pace.“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting for this.” He said inches away from her face.He sucked at the skin at the bottom of her neck. Draco’s hand slid down to her breast, cupping her. Hermione moaned when his teeth slightly grazed her neck. Her hips moved to meet him as she arched her back. She felt like every single one of her senses was heightened. Every pore of her body wanted for this to never end. She squeezed her eyes shut, completely letting herself go. Everything boiled down to pure pleasure. His thrusts became heavier, and she knew that she was about to reach climax. She tried to hold back, to stretch this a little longer but the more she tensed, the closer she got. Hermione found herself short of breath when she reached her second orgasm. All of the air vanished from the room. She saw stars dancing behind her eyes. What was left was only him and her as one. She felt a warm fluid pour inside of her as her walls contracted around him.He pulled out of her, letting go of her hips only to cover both of them with a blanket. Draco placed his hand over her stomach and pulled her close.“You did amazing.” He panted before planting a kiss on her lips.Hermione turned on her side to face him and shifted closer.“How do you feel? I didn’t hurt you, did I?” Draco’s tone became serious.“Stop worrying so much. I’m not a porcelain doll.”She saw a smile form on his lips. He kissed her on the forehead before drifting off to sleep.Hermione listened to his steady breath. She hadn’t felt so happy in a while. The only thing that she regretted was not saying the words earlier.
  
    Chapter Text
    The sun was high in the sky when she woke up. It was an unusually warm and sunny day for this time of the year. Draco was still asleep, his hand on her back. Hermione stretched, feeling soreness in her muscles, and slipped out of bed. She watched him shift in his sleep before noticing a red mark on his back. Hermione bit down on her lip when she realized that she did it with her nails the night before. She muttered a healing spell before walking into the bathroom.The reflection in the mirror showed her a dark purple bruise at the bottom of her neck. She hesitated for a moment before filling up the bathtub. A part of her wanted to leave it there for a little longer as a reminder of last night. The hot water relaxed her muscles, so Hermione left the bathroom energized. To her surprise, Draco was still asleep or at least very good at pretending he was. Hermione watched him for a moment before quietly exiting the room. She had to run some quick errands. Perhaps, he will still be asleep when she comes back.
  Later that day
Hermione stood at the end of the line in a small apothecary. Thankfully, no one seemed to recognize her, and she was planning on keeping it the same way. She pressed onto a purple spot right above her collarbone when a soft hand touched her shoulder. Hermione went through all known curses in her head before turning around.“Hermione, what a surprise.” Ginny scanned her. “What are you doing here? I thought you were supposed to rest the day after your birthday.”Hermione shrugged her shoulders, unable to come up with an excuse.“Unless there’s a reason why you’re here right after the night of your birthday.”Hermione widened her eyes and shook her hands, trying to stop Ginny from saying it.“Someone had birthday sex.” Ginny bumped her playfully.She felt like she was going to evaporate on the spot when an elderly couple sent a disapproving glare in their direction.“Ginny…” She hissed.“You have to tell me all about it.”“What? No.”“Why not? Tell me, I’m curious.”“Please stop.” Hermione covered her face with her hands.“I won’t stop asking unless you promise me to tell all about it.”“I’m not going to promise something like that.” She protested.“Fine, I’ll investigate myself.” Ginny shrugged. “How long did he last? Did you finish?”Hermione covered Ginny’s mouth with her hand and looked around panicking.“Alright, alright. I’ll tell you but for the love of god, please stop talking.” She whispered before removing her hand.Someone cleared their throat behind her. Hermione turned around to see that it was her queue. She asked for a contraceptive potion and muttered a list of ingredients for her to make a batch on her own, burning up from embarrassment. When she was done, Ginny led her into a coffee shop down the street with a sly expression on her face.“So, tell me. How was it?”“Erm- It was fine.” Hermione fiddled with her cup.Ginny raised a brow. “You had sex with Draco Malfoy and all that I get is a ‘fine’?”“What else am I supposed to say?” Hermione huffed.“I want to know the details.” She demanded.“Why are you so interested in the downstairs business?”“Downstairs business?” Ginny laughed.“Oh, you know what I meant.”“I do but it’s funny how you avoid talking about anything even slightly related to sex. At least tell me, was he as good as the rumors say?”Hermione twisted the ring on her finger before answering.“I don’t listen to rumors. But he was good at it, I suppose.”“You’re impossible.” Ginny rolled her eyes. “He has a reputation of being a jerk but most of the girls would be squeaking if they were in your place. Whatever, I’ll get the story out of you sooner or later. I can see that you had fun by your neck, anyway.”Hermione quickly adjusted her scarf and took a sip of coffee, not knowing what to say.“What was he like this morning? Did he talk to you about last night?” Ginny asked.Hermione’s eyes ran to the clock on the wall. It was almost noon.
  Oh, shit
“I have to go.” She rose from her seat. “I forgot about something important.”“What’s wrong?”“Nothing. See you soon.” Hermione said on her way out.As soon as she stepped into the Manor, she raced to the bedroom only to find it empty. Hermione huffed, as she lowered onto the edge of the bed. She had no idea where to even begin looking for him.“So, you didn’t run away after all?”She turned around to see Draco standing in the bathroom doorway wearing a towel. Her eyes slid down to his abs. She didn’t get the chance to see them last night, so she used the chance to take it all in. He looked truly handsome in a maroon towel, with a few drops of water still on his stomach and shoulders, his face… His face looked like her was waiting for an answer. To a question that she completely ignored.“What?” Hermione blurted out.“Why did you leave? Did I do something wrong?”“No, no. Everything is great, perfect.” She walked up to him.“I thought you ran away for a moment. You didn’t even leave a note.”Hermione studied his face. There was something so common in the way that he said it. For a split second, she felt like Draco was just as afraid as she was. Afraid that one day they would wake up abandoned.
  But that can’t be.

  I’m not the one with a history of disappearances.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t want to wake you up. I really should’ve left a note. I just had a few things to do and then I got caught up and- “A soft kiss on the lips stopped her. It wasn’t demanding or passionate but comforting. Like Draco’s own way of saying that it was all right, he understood it.“I’m just glad that you’re back.”Hermione nodded with a shy smile on her lips.
  A few days later
“I think we should circle back to what happens to the house-elves when they are freed.” Alfred tapped her pen on the desk.“There are many ways to answer this question.” Hermione cleared her throat. “I think that the best idea is to provide paid jobs for them. It’s not like we will have to artificially create them. There are many tasks that house-elves are fully capable to complete.”“Like what?” An elderly woman shifted in her seat. “All that they’ve known is taking care of houses.”“Exactly.” Hermione nodded. “They have been in charge of up-keeping houses across the country for generations now. Which gives us the opportunity to provide them with the similar kind of work. Except for this time, it will be paid and they will be free to quit the job at any time.”There was a silent pause in the room, accompanied by scribbling noises.“It’s important to remember that their skills aren’t limited to housework. House-elves can manage a variety of tasks. Like helping customers at stores or cooking complicated meals.”“It all sounds great.” The woman spoke up once again in a sarcastic voice. “But I doubt that their masters will agree with this.”All eyes in the room went up to Hermione.“I don’t think that the opinion of masters should have any weight in the question of freedom.” She paused to see the effect her words had. “However, if both sides come to an agreement, I don’t think that there will be a problem with employing house-elves to do domestic chores.”A single hand rose in the air.“Yes, Katy.”“What about their earnings? Don’t get me wrong, I’m all in with this idea. But I have a feeling that not everyone will pay a fair amount of money to house-elves. Why would someone employ a house-elf with the same salary as a human has?” Katy Bell spoke shyly.“You’re right. We can calculate a minimum wage for house-elves. It will be lower than the one for humans. But the sole reason for it is the difference of our needs and prevention of unemployment issues.”“Thank you, Hermione. If no one else has any questions that should be it for today.” Alfred arranged a pile of papers on her desk. “Please remember that the hearing is next week. If we want to pass the house-elf bill this month we need to work faster.”Hermione gathered her things and walked out of the room.“Good job.” Draco was leaning onto the glass wall of the office. “I suppose I should start giving money to our house-elves.”“How long have you been here?”“The entire time. I couldn’t miss your speech on house-elves.” He placed his hand on her back. “How about we discuss this over lunch?”“Do you honestly care about house-elves so much?” Hermione asked him on their way out.“It’s important to you, so it’s important to me.”“How come you were never a part of S.P.E.W. then?”“For Merlin’s sake please don’t mention that awful name again.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  31st of October
“Do I have to go out wearing this ridiculous costume?” Draco scoffed from an armchair.“It’s barely a costume. You wear this kind of clothes daily.” Hermione straightened her body-tight black dress. “Trust me, there’s nothing else that involves less effort than dressing up as a member of the mafia.”“I’m not against holding a cigar and drinking whiskey but I don’t carry this thing with me daily.” He stretched out a plastic revolver like it was something disgusting.“They won’t let you inside of the club unless you’re wearing a costume.” Hermione touched up her red lipstick in front of a mirror. “If it wasn’t for your stubbornness we could go as something more creative than a mafia boss and his wife.”“I’m not dressing up in a costume.”“I’ve heard that already. I assure you that carrying a plastic gun won’t do any harm to you.”“Why can’t we just curse them to let us in?”“Are you seriously suggesting using an unforgivable to sneak into a nightclub?” Hermione turned around only to see him shrug his shoulders.“You’re the one who said it. I was thinking of something along the lines of Confundobut you do you.” Draco swirled his drink and smirked.“Using magic in front of muggles is punishable by law.” She said as she was putting on earrings.There was an annoyed noise behind her.
  Later that night
“See, I told you that the rest will be in proper costumes.” Hermione pointed at Ginny.Her friend had a skull painted on half of her face and a dress with a skeleton print.“Do you want me to paint the same thing on my face?” Draco raised a brow.“I’m just telling you that it’s alright to dress up and have some fun.” Hermione shrugged her shoulders.“Why wouldn’t you?” Ginny yelled across the table, trying to overlap the music. “Isn’t it fun to dress up and spend the night as muggles?”“The peak of my dreams.” Draco smiled.Hermione shoved him lightly under the table.“I bet that Blaise won’t do it either. Just wait and see.” He continued.“What do you bet on? Because I’m sure that he’s going to be wearing a costume.” Ginny asked.“The loser pays the bill.” He answered after a moment.“Alright. Looks like I’m going to be drinking a lot tonight.”“I hope you have enough money on you to pay for all of us then.”Hermione rolled her eyes and scanned the club for any signs of Blaise or Pansy. And there she was. In one of the shortest and most revealing dresses that Hermione has seen. She watched Pansy walk perfectly on enormous knee-high heels.“What are you even supposed to be?” Draco asked doubtfully.“Can’t you see?” Pansy shrugged her shoulders. “I’m a nun.”Hermione almost laughed at the face that Draco made.“You didn’t start drinking yet?” Pansy asked as she was sitting down.“We’re waiting for Blaise,” Ginny explained.“There he is.” She pointed to somewhere behind Hermione and picked up the menu. “Let’s order now.”All eyes except for Pansy looked in one direction. Hermione turned around and heard Ginny’s evil laugh behind her back. Blaise was walking up to their table with a naked torso and red horns on his head.“Let me guess. You must be the high-priest.” Draco scoffed.“What? No, I’m the devil.” Blaise replied visibly confused.“Good news guys, Draco was kind enough to offer to pay for our bill tonight,” Ginny announced.“Alright, let’s see what this muggle club has to drink then.” Pansy rubbed her palms together.Ten minutes later the waiter set down a small tray of flaming shots and straws.“Ooh, I’ve seen these once. You were supposed to put out the flames with Aguamenti.” Pansy declared.“I don’t think that you’re supposed to use magic on these,” Ginny said in an unsure tone as she watched the blue fire.“Should we just drink them like this?” Blaise asked as he picked up a straw.“Better not.” Hermione stopped him. “Let’s just wait for a bit. They should go out on their own.”The fire went out shortly after she said it. Everyone took a straw in their hand.“Why would we need straws for a shot?” Blaise tossed his straw aside.“I don’t know but I’m sure they gave it to us for a reason,” Ginny said.“Whatever. I’m not drinking a shot through a straw, it’s stupid.” Blaise protested.“For finally going out.” Pansy toasted.Everyone drank their shots through a straw except for Blaise. Hermione felt like the shot was still on fire when she swallowed.
  Am I doing this the wrong way again?
“Fuck, it’s hot.” Blaise was breathing through his mouth.“I’ve never tried hot shots. It has a kick.” Ginny approved.“I need water.” Blaise slid from his chair and quickly made his way towards the bar.“Now we know what the straws are for,” Pansy said. “Does anyone feel like dancing, or should I order another round?”“I think that this should be enough for now.” Ginny shrugged. “Let’s go to the dance floor.”“You go ahead, I’ll wait for Blaise,” Pansy answered.They squeezed through the colorful crowd and onto the center of the dance floor. Ginny seemed mesmerized by the variety of costumes, while Draco looked unfazed.“What’s wrong?” Hermione shifted closer to him.“Nothing. I just don’t think that this was a good idea.”“To go out or to be next to muggles?”“Both.” He shrugged.Hermione huffed, trying to think of a way to cheer him up.“Oh, no, she didn’t.” Ginny pointed at a woman nearby.“What?” Hermione tried to see what Ginny was pointing at. “Oh…”“What is it?” Draco turned his head. “Do muggles dress like this often?”“Only on Halloween,” Hermione explained. “It’s a costume.”“They dress up in a slutty version of witches?” Ginny raised a brow.Hermione slowly nodded.“I think I’ll just head back to our table,” Draco said.“Please don’t go.” Hermione grabbed his arm.“It’s alright. I just want to hang with Blaise a bit.”“Are you sure?”Draco nodded and walked away. Ginny slightly pushed Hermione.“He’s a party pooper. Don’t let his shitty mood ruin yours.”She knew that Ginny was right but couldn’t shake off the nasty feeling inside her guts even after a while. Finally, Pansy showed up, clearly in a cheery mood.“You seem fun. Help me lighten Hermione’s mood.” Ginny pulled Pansy.“What’s Draco doing?”“He’s drinking with Blaise,” Pansy explained.“Is he alright?”“Stop worrying so much. He’s having fun and so should you.” Pansy said.“Oh. My. God.” Ginny laughed.Pansy and Hermione turned their heads in the same direction and burst out in laughter. Someone was wearing a centaur couple’s costume.“Poor guy can’t even see the party.” Pansy chuckled, pointing at the back part of the costume.“He must’ve gotten in trouble to agree to wear this.” Ginny smiled.“Imagine the scandal if someone wore this in the wizarding world,” Hermione whispered.“Oh, no,” Ginny said before laughing again.They danced for a little longer until Hermione felt like her feet were about to stop working. She went back to their table partially out of worry for Draco. When Hermione approached it her idea of what he would look like completely evaporated. Draco seemed to be invested in some sort of story that he was telling. Blaise on the other side looked like he was about to fall asleep.“There you are. Maybe you can shut him up. He’s been talking non-stop for the past twenty minutes.” Blaise’s face gained an expression.“Shhh.” Draco put a finger up to his own lips. “Not a word.”He then turned around with a silly smile on his lips. Hermione eyed the empty shot glasses on the table.“How much did you drink?”Draco started counting on his fingers. He stopped after eight and shrugged his shoulders.“I lost count.” He was polite enough to explain. “Blaise, how much did we drink?”“I don’t know.”“He doesn’t know.” Draco slurred his words.“What’s going on?” Ginny asked behind Hermione’s shoulder.“They got drunk without us.” Said Pansy in an insulted tone.“Gentleman, another round please.” Draco waved to the passing waiter.“No, thank you.” Hermione stopped him. “I think we should go home.”“But we got here barely three hours ago.” Draco scoffed.“If the lady says so.” Blaise nodded before standing up.He then stumbled to a nearby woman in a witch costume.“Can I borrow your transportation milady?” He asked completely ignoring the stares. “This is a matter of life and death. My friend needs to get home, or his wife will be angry with him.”The woman handed him her broom and quickly walked off.“Thank you very much. I’ll owl it to you later.” Blaise promised before walking back to the table. “What? He’s too drunk to apparate.”Hermione heard quiet chuckles behind her back.“We have to go outside if we want to fly.” Draco corrected him. “We might hit the ceiling.”“Shit, you’re right. Come on.” Blaise invited everyone with a wide gesture.Hermione watched as they stumbled to the exit.“Don’t worry. It’s the best way to get them out of here anyway.” Pansy comforted her. “They just have to walk it off and they’ll be fine.”“I’ve never seen Draco this drunk before.”“It’s a good sign, he trusts you. Believe me.” She reassured. “Now let’s go get them before they fly away.”When they walked outside there wasn’t a trace of Draco or Blaise.“Did they actually fly away?” Ginny wondered.“I doubt that’s it is possible with a regular broom,” Pansy said. “But who knows.”“I think I can hear them.” Hermione pointed in the direction of an alleyway.The three of them crept to the corner of the street to witness a sight. Blaise was standing with a broom between his legs and articulating.“Hurry up before the muggles see.” Blaise gestured Draco to join him.“Shit, mate, I think I might fall off.” Draco scratched the back of his head.Hermione felt like she was watching a show. It would’ve been funny if Draco wasn’t one of the main stars of it. She moved to stop them but was pulled back by Pansy.“Trust me, if you stop them now, they will complain about it for the rest of the night. Just wait until they try it.”Hermione huffed as she watched Blaise drop the broom on the concrete. She felt a smile forming on her lips as she watched him try fruitlessly to get the broom to levitate.“Why isn’t it working?” Blaise asked puzzled. “Did someone break it?”“Because you’re shit at magic.” Draco pushed him away. “Watch and learn.”The silence was never as loud as at that moment.“It must be broken,” Draco concluded.“Alright, that’s enough for tonight.” Hermione finally left her hiding spot.“Mon amour!” A drunk smile was back on his lips. “We have a slight problem with the broom. Can you take a look at it?”“It’s broken. We’ll have to walk to the closest wizard pub with a chimney.”“What about me?” Blaise worried.“My flat is within walking distance. It’s a little further than the pub but if you want to crash the couch is all yours.” Pansy offered.“Do you want to come with us?” Hermione looked at Ginny.“It’s fine. I’m sober enough to apparate. I only had one shot a few hours ago.”Pansy’s flat was in the opposite direction of the pub, so they all parted ways. Draco threw his hand over her shoulder and Hermione felt his weight pushing her down. The walk to the pub took longer than expected.When they got to the Manor Hermione almost groaned at the flight of stairs that they had to ascend. Thankfully, Draco saw her struggle and managed to climb them himself. As soon as he got to the bedroom he fell onto the bed.“Don’t fall asleep.” She warned him before entering the wardrobe to change into her nightwear.When Hermione came back, he was in the same spot, except for his shoes that he managed to take off. She sighed, knowing that this wasn’t going to be easy.“Are you mad at me for getting drunk?” Draco asked as she took off his blazer.“No,” Hermione said, and she meant it.He was silent for so long that she thought he fell asleep. Hermione was almost halfway done with the buttons on his shirt when he spoke again.“Do you want to know what I and Blaise were talking about at the club?”Hermione nodded, still unbuttoning his shirt.“I was telling him how much I love you.”Her hands froze on the bottom button, the word still echoing through her body.“What’s wrong?” Draco asked.“Nothing.” She shook her head, finally gathering herself together.Hermione pulled the shirt off his shoulders with her numb hands.“Oh, I see. Someone wants to repeat this morning.” He said with a smirk, his hand gliding up her thigh and under her nightgown.“Draco.” She pulled his hand away.He silently observed as she took off his shirt.“Is this because I said that I love you?”Hermione felt something burning up inside of her. She knew that Draco was severely drunk but the certainty with which he said it startled her.“You’re drunk.” She unbuckled his belt.“I am.” He leaned onto the pillows with a smile.She pulled off his pants and socks, feeling as exhausted as after an intense workout. He pulled her onto his lap with a smirk.“And now I’m going to fuck you like it’s my last day on earth.”“No, tonight you won’t.” Hermione planted a kiss on his cheek before sliding off him and to her side of the bed.“Boring.” He moaned before getting under the sheets and almost immediately falling asleep.She laid sleepless for a while. Laying in the dark and twisting the ring on her hand.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  1st of November 
“Mon amour?” Draco set his fork aside. “Did you hear what I just said?”Hermione blinked and turned her head. “Sorry, I got distracted. What were you saying?”“I asked you what happened yesterday. The last thing that I remember clearly was drinking with Blaise. I’m not sure that the images in my head aren’t fruits of my own fantasy.”“What images?” She poked her omelet without interest.“I know that this is going to sound strange.” He chuckled. “Did Blaise and I come across a broom last night?”“You did and you would’ve flown away into the night if it wasn’t just a regular broom.”Draco huffed and moved his hair away from his face.“Anything else that I should know?”Hermione hesitated before answering.“Nothing else.” She cleared her throat.“How did we get home?” He took a sip of his tea.Hermione took a slow breath. He was getting close to dangerous territory. She wasn’t sure that she’d be able to keep herself contained if he asked what they talked about after they got home. Thankfully, Draco seemed to have forgotten about his sudden confession. Lucky him.“We walked to the closest chimney that was connected to the network.”“Right.” He rose from his seat. “I’ll go lay down if that’s okay. My headache is killing me.”“Sure.” She nodded.“Are you sure that nothing else happened? You seem strange today.”“Just tired.” Hermione gave him a weak smile.Draco kissed her on the cheek before leaving the dining room. Hermione waited for a few minutes before sneaking off into the library. She intended to think over their conversation from last night. Of course, there was plenty of time to do that earlier. For example, the few hours before dawn when Hermione couldn’t fall asleep, trying to digest Draco’s confession. But his presence, even if he wasn’t awake for it kept stirring up her thoughts.Hermione lazily scratched the windowsill with her nail, trying to get a small coffee stain off it.Did the fact that he loved her change anything? She’d have to be one oblivious idiot to say no. The question of whether he meant it lingered in the air. Hermione would have to ask someone that knew him longer to be sure. But was it really doubt or just a weak attempt at grasping the last straw? Was giving him the benefit of the doubt going to fix anything? Hermione thought that their situation could never get more complicated and there she was. The hardest part about it was how much it affected her. Could she say that she loved him? Hermione wasn’t sure that she was ready to answer the question. Her feelings for him were more than just mere attraction or lust. In the past few months, Draco became a crucial part of her life. She could’ve said that he crept into her heart secretly, that she noticed her feelings too late to back out. But Hermione was there for every part of it, letting him in step by step. And still, love felt too grand. Hermione always thought that whenever she would fall in love, she’d know instantly. A tumbler in her brain would snap and let her know. Was it possible that she wasn’t aware? She huffed, knowing that going down that road would only lead to self-loathing and pity.Perhaps it would be best to completely ignore the issue? Draco forgot about it and doesn’t give off the impression of someone that is about to confess. Sure, it would be best to talk about it, but Hermione was just not ready. Later, when she sorts it all out and gathers enough courage, or if it ever comes up.
  Yes, later
She nodded to herself. The issue should resolve itself.
  25th of December

  The issue never came up
Hermione thought to herself as she snuggled on the sofa with hot chocolate in her hands. The warmth from Molly’s sweater and a cup in her hands calmed the sudden wave of anxiety. She shifted and turned her head to watch the preparations for dinner at the Burrow. Except, tonight she wouldn’t be dining with them. She’ll go home and eat with someone just as special to her.“Darling, would you be so kind and fetch Ginny?” Molly asked while inspecting the kitchen tools.Hermione reluctantly left her cozy spot and went upstairs. Ginny’s room was empty, and Hermione didn’t feel like knocking on the bathroom door. She traced the top of the cupboard with her fingertip, collecting the dust. Her eyes fell onto a slightly open drawer. She peeked inside just to feed her curiosity and saw a neat pile of letters. Hermione knew that there were only two people that could’ve sent it. She carefully picked up the top letter, praying not to be heartbroken after reading it. It dated a few days ago but by the looks of the paper, Hermione could tell that Ginny read it quite a few times. 
  Dear Ginny,

  I hope that this letter will get to you in time for Christmas. We both miss you a lot and regret not being with everyone at the Burrow. The place where we are at doesn’t feel festive at all without you. I can’t send you a gift, but I promise that as soon as we get back, I’ll get you the best one. Wish everyone a Merry Christmas from us.

  With love,

  Harry

  P.S. Don’t read the next part on Christmas. If you can, don’t read it at all.
 Hermione smiled, remembering how it felt at Hogwarts around the holidays. For a moment, she even afforded the luxury of imagining that the letter was addressed to her. That her friends actually missed her and were waiting for her return back to school. Her eyes slid down to the bottom of the letter that was folded. She opened it slowly, immediately noticing Ron’s handwriting. 
  Merry Christmas Ginny. I know that it’s not right to argue on holidays but I’m doing this to protect you. I can’t understand why no one at home doesn’t see the danger that you put yourself in when being around Hermione. She’s changed Gin and not for the best. Please stop hanging around her and her Death-Eater fuck buddy. They are a bad influence. If you won’t stop appearing on the pages of the Prophet with her by the time I get back, I’ll take matters into my own hands.

  Ron
 Hermione slowly placed the letter back into the drawer and closed it. She knew that it was a mistake and still went through with it.
  I guess that’s what I get for going through someone else’s letters.
Ginny walked into the room with puffy eyes and a red nose.“What happened?” Hermione realized how stupid she sounded only after saying it out loud.“Nothing new.” She sat on the bed. “I just can’t believe it’s Christmas and Harry and Ron aren’t here.”Hermione pulled her friend into a tight embrace.“I keep asking Harry when they will come back.” Ginny sniffed. “He completely ignores the question. He promised that this was supposed to end soon.”Hermione felt guilt bubbling up inside of her. It was nowhere close to ending soon for Ginny. The soonest date that she imagined was somewhere in July and she wasn’t sure that her friend could handle that long. She wanted to explain everything to Ginny so badly.“They’re never coming back, are they?”“No, don’t say nonsense.” Hermione protested. “I’m sure that as soon as the boys return, they’ll have an explanation. This can’t be for nothing. They’re doing something important.”This time Ginny didn’t have anything to say and just silently nodded.“I’m sure that they both don’t want you to be sad, especially this time of the year.”“I know.” Ginny tightened the hug.“Do you want to go downstairs? Molly called for you.”“Go ahead. I’ll be there in a minute. I just have to deal with this.” She pointed to her reddish face that was wet from tears.The next few hours flew by. Hermione did her best to cheer Ginny up but still saw a hint of sadness in her eyes. The rest of the family seemed to be doing well. Even if the war had an impact on them, they sure didn’t show. Hermione watched closely to try and understand whether all this happiness was just for show or if they genuinely left the past in the past. No matter how much she tried, she couldn’t tell for sure. For her, every celebration at the Burrow ever since the truce was announced felt too forced. They’ve been doing this for years, every move and every tradition was well-rehearsed, except this year it seemed unnatural. It wasn’t the same with the boys gone, or perhaps this just wasn’t supposed to be a part of her life anymore. Christmas at the Burrow was a celebration reserved for the good old Hogwarts nerd and a good friend Hermione, not the ex-Death-Eater wife that spies on her own husband and lies to her friend’s face Hermione. She knew that she was always welcome at the Weasley house, it was something inside of her that sent Hermione on a guilt trip. She left the Burrow in a hurry when the family was getting ready for dinner. Draco was also away for the first half of the day. They both agreed to pay all the needed visits before Christmas dinner. An unspoken part of the agreement was not asking questions about where they both have gone. But even without any words, Hermione knew that he would visit his parents, just as Draco knew that she would visit the Weasleys. The first thing that came into her mind when she found him silently looking out of a window in one of the tea rooms was how similar it all was. Hermione didn’t need to hear anything to understand how it all went. Her hands slid under his arms as she pulled Draco into a tight embrace. They both went to see people who they cared about, and both got hurt because of it. Hermione didn’t ask him anything about the fight with his father which she certainly knew occurred. Draco didn’t say a word about her once again getting hurt by something related to Harry and Ron. They didn’t feel like crying on each other’s shoulders. Hermione had him and Draco had her. It was enough to keep them happy tonight.They sat on the rug right in front of the chimney, drinking hot chocolate, and suddenly forgetting about every worry in the world. Hermione set her mug aside and shifted to a more comfortable position.“Don’t fall asleep yet.” Draco shrugged the shoulder her head was lying on.Hermione wrapped her arm around his and leaned onto his side. “Who said that I was?”“Right.” Draco slipped out of her embrace. “I still have something for you under the Christmas tree.”Hermione squinted her eyes at him. He was talking about the Christmas tree that Hermione insisted on getting, which was now standing right next to the bottom of their grand staircase. The only reason why it raised suspicion was that Hermione didn’t see anything under the tree when she placed her gift there this morning.They both almost ran down to the tree. A part of Hermione was as excited as a child, this reminded her of the childhood before Hogwarts, before any magic came into her life.“You do know that we were supposed to open these in the morning?” Hermione pointed at a pile of boxes.“Who cares? Let’s make this a tradition. Gifts before dinner.” Draco shrug his shoulders.Hermione eyed a flat box wrapped in gold paper before grabbing it.“Is all of this mine?” He raised a brow.“No, only this one.” She pointed to the biggest box.Draco sent her a confused stare.“The rest is for the house-elves,” Hermione explained.“Of course, they are.” A smile appeared in the corner of his lips.Hermione looked around the hall. Even with a huge tree in the middle of it, the room felt too big and empty.“Can we open these by the chimney?” She asked.They sat down on the carpet by the fire, looking at each other. Waiting for one of them to go first. Without a single word, they both quickly tore through the wrapping paper. Hermione threw aside the chocolate-brown cardboard lid to see bright red fabric. It was a dress. She carefully took it by its shoulders and lifted it up to get a good look. It was so long and voluminous that she had to stand up to see it in full length. Hermione could tell that it was handmade and tailored to fit perfectly. It was breathtakingly beautiful. Her gaze fell onto a slit in the fabric where her left leg was supposed to be. For some reason, the dress was heavier than she expected for this kind of material to be.“This is beautiful.” Hermione looked at him to witness a curious sight.Draco was carefully studying her gift, visibly without a clue why she gave it to him.“This is a record player.” She carefully placed the dress back into the box. “I know that this sounds stupid but you always know what song the piano will play when you charm it. There are a few records that have whole albums on them. This way you won’t know which song is going to come up… Well, not until you learn them but we can get new ones. I know this is a strange gift but I just felt like…”“It’s not.” He interrupted her.“You don’t need to be nice if you didn’t like it.”“But I did like it.”“No, no, I can get you something else. I can tell by the way you haven’t said a word.” Hermione waved her hands and reached for the record player.Draco caught her hand midair and pulled Hermione onto his lap.“I didn’t say anything because I didn’t know what to. This is a very thoughtful gift.” He picked up a record with his free hand. “I haven’t received anything as thought through in a while.”“Are you sure that you’re not saying this just to be polite?” Hermione asked carefully, studying his face for any signs of lying.Draco huffed. “There’s nothing that I can say to make you change your mind, is there?”“I was just making sure that you liked it.” She explained.“You can stop now. Because I love it.”The word echoed through her. It was a false alarm, but it reminded her. She had to address his confession sooner or later. It was already December and by summer it might be too late.“What’s on your mind?” Draco squeezed her shoulder.“What?” She blinked.“You’ve been staring at the carpet for half a minute. What’s up?”“Nothing. Just thinking of what a strange tradition you came up with.”Draco rolled his eyes and gently pulled her on the carpet. For a moment, he towered over her, leaning on his hands. The reflection of fire glistened in his cool silver eyes. Hermione instinctively pulled him into a kiss. He withdrew after a moment.“Don’t do this to me,” Draco said in a raspy voice. “You can’t kiss me this way right now or we will miss Christmas dinner.”“You’re right, the house-elves made too big of an effort for us just to skip it.”He hesitated before reluctantly standing up. Draco pulled her up and guided her to the door.“But do save that attitude for tonight.” He whispered in her ear.Hermione felt a light smirk appearing on her face. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Guilt was the first word that came to mind. Was she feeling guilt because of what Kingsley would say or what Draco would feel? Either way, one of them will be left unsatisfied or hurt. Hermione let her eyes race to the giant clock on the wall. She swallowed nervously as it boomed across the ballroom. There were only a few seconds left for her to make a choice. She was either in this for as long as her heart beats or it was gone. 
  A few hours earlier
Hermione stepped onto the red carpet, feeling the snow crunch beneath it. Gods, she hated public appearances. Especially on days that should be spent with close friends and family. Unfortunately, the rest of the wizarding world didn’t think so. New Year was the chance to show off for the highest of society. Hermione clenched her jaw at the thought of having to spend another evening in a crowded room with people she’d seen once at most and playing by the unspoken rules that had been set decades ago. Say hello to everyone, try to look as genuinely interested in everyone’s boring lives as possible, respect the elders that she never met before. She hated spending their only New Year like this.A loud camera click snapped her out of it. Hermione put on her best fake smile and clutched Draco’s hand tighter as they walked to the grand entrance. She swore under her breath, feeling the golden dress stretching behind her tangle. It seemed so comfortable and beautiful right until the moment she stepped under the cameras. Now all Hermione could think about was how it pricked her chest and back. She fought the urge to scratch her entire body and straightened her back. It was her decision to wear this dress. No matter how much Draco asked her to pick the red one he gave to her as a Christmas present, she refused. It was special and she wouldn’t waste it on such a meaningless crowd.One last camera click and they are inside. There are still photographers scattered across the party, but they shouldn’t be as annoying as the ones outside. Hermione let her cape be taken away before entering the party itself.“I promise that it will get better in about two hours. As soon as everyone makes sure that the entire guest list knows how successful they were this year all the bothering will die down.” Draco’s hand took its rightful place on her back, surprisingly warm after both of them were stuck outside for quite a while.“It’s alright. We’ll have our time.” Hermione nodded.Draco planted a soft kiss on her forehead before leading her to the table with food. For such a grand event the portions were so tiny that it was funny. Another one of the unspoken rules. No one comes to actually eat. Hermione bit down on mozzarella and tomato on a toothpick.“Is Astoria here too?” She couldn’t help but ask.Draco nodded slowly, watching her reaction. 
  Great, another complication.
Hermione huffed, setting down her plate with a bit too much force.“I know what you’re about to say. I have no intention of meeting her tonight either.” He set his hand on her arm. “I wasn’t in charge of the invitations, but I know that she comes here yearly. Let’s just stay away from her, alright?”“Mhm,” She scoffed knowing that Draco was right.Neither of them had a say in this. Kingsley practically forced her to go, and she could only imagine what went down amongst the Death-eaters. The fact that Astoria would attend a social gathering of such size was obvious. It didn’t make anything easier though. In the past, she partially helped Hermione realize her feelings for Draco but now that it was all sorted out, Astoria was just creating problems.Draco handed her a champagne flute and toasted.“For us.”“For us.” She repeated, feeling the annoyance inside of her slowly starting to die down.For a while now, all that Draco had to do was say something or look at her the way only he could, and Hermione found her troubles dissolving. He was her safe space, someone that was always there.“May I have this dance?” He bowed and looked up at her with something playful in his eyes.Hermione smiled as she took his hand. They walked up to where dozens of people were waltzing and stood waiting for the next song to begin.“Remember how we dance back at home?” He whispered.“Don’t worry, I won’t accidentally stomp your feet.”“I’m not worried about that. I’m afraid that you might do it on purpose.” Draco chuckled, leading her to the dance floor.They stood still until the first notes began to play.“That happened almost half a year ago.” Hermione rolled her eyes. “Are you ever going to let it go?”“I’m just worried that you might see Astoria in the crowd and decide that I don’t need my legs once more.” Draco teased as he spun her.“I might if you keep talking about it.” Hermione parried.They danced for a bit more in silence.“Nothing else to say?” She asked when Draco pulled her close.“Decided to play safe tonight.” He gave in.Hermione smiled, enjoying her little triumph. They sat down on one of the sofas, watching everyone dance. Her eyes caught a familiar face, a rather nasty one. Draco must’ve noticed the change in her face and led them as far away from the dancefloor as possible. Hermione remembered the bright purple dress that Astoria was wearing and took note to quickly walk away as soon as she would see the color. They were now in the quietest part of the room and surrounded by elder women drinking tea.“Not exactly our scenery, is it?” Draco stated.Hermione shrugged her shoulders. She’d pick old women over Astoria’s company at any time.“Draco Malfoy, come over here!” An old woman ordered.
  Unless he has some other ex-girlfriends that I would rather not hear about.
Hermione joked to herself as he took her hand and walked up to a woman wearing all black.“Hermione, I would like you to meet my grandmother Druella.” He explained. “Grandmother, this is Hermione, my wife.”She felt guilt bubble up inside of her after joking about his grandmother like that. But who could’ve known?“Don’t make me look stupid, boy. I know who she is.” She lectured. “Take a seat child, I never got to meet you in person.”Hermione lowered into a couch, noting that she hadn’t seen his grandmother at their wedding. Something about a family feud came up in her head and she was offered the image of burnt-off names on the family tree of House Black.She almost shivered under the gaze of Druella.“I hope that you treat each other with respect and never intend to harm one another.” She spoke after a moment.Hermione blinked, feeling transparent. She was once again playing the game of guilt or not and didn’t like it one bit. Hermione looked up to Draco, begging him to save her with her eyes. Family rebounds were great but not when it came to Malfoy and Black.“It was a pleasure seeing you but I’m afraid that we must go. There is little time left before everyone starts crowding for the countdown.” He spoke in a neutral tone.“If you don’t want me to get to know your wife, then fine. Wander off. I’ll stay here, I’ve seen too many years to celebrate them.”Hermione swallowed, knowing that what Druella had said meant the opposite of letting them go.“I do want you to get to know Hermione, but perhaps tonight is not the best time. What about a weekend tea, where we can be all yours for the day?” Draco persisted.Druella stayed silent for a while before speaking again.“Alright.” She squinted her eyes.Hermione almost flew off the sofa. They both hurried away after wishing his grandmother the best.“Do we really have to go to that tea thing?” She whispered once they were far enough for his grandmother not to hear.“Don’t worry about it. We don’t.” Draco answered before inviting her for another dance.Hermione turned her head, trying to spot Astoria but was unsuccessful. She relaxed and let go for the rest of the night. Who knows, maybe they won’t run into her. By the time everyone started to scramble for the countdown Hermione was panting from all the dancing and had a wide smile plastered on her face. Draco, on the other side, grew quieter with each passing minute. They stood in the middle of the crowd, facing the humongous golden clock that would signal them of the last minute of the year. Hermione watched people chatter and prepare.“You look like you’re about to propose.” She tried to release the tension between them. “Relax, it’s New Year.”Draco smiled dryly, visibly still in his thoughts. His face gained a serious expression, his eyes not leaving her for a moment. A wave of whispers flew through the suddenly much quieter crowd. The countdown was about to begin.“Hermione, I have to tell you something.” Draco gently took her hands into his. “Something I’ve wanted to tell you for a while now.”Hermione felt the adrenaline spike up her blood. She knew exactly where he was leading.“I don’t expect you to answer the same. And I would hate to pressure you into anything, so it’s best if you just stay silent after I say it.” He struggled with his words.Hermione took a deep breath, trying to get her nerves under control. She put off saying something about the night he confessed for so long that Draco already gained enough courage to tell her himself.“I love you Hermione and it’s as simple and complicated as that.” Draco breathed out. “I’ve done many unforgivable things but you’re the only one that makes me feel sorry for them. You make me want to be the best version of myself. Merlin, you make me feel like I’m already the best version of myself.”He looked into her eyes and Hermione felt a part of her break.“So please, don’t say anything. I’d rather remain in the dark than hear you say something cruel. I love you too much to hear you say no.” Draco clenched his jaw and looked away. She bit her lip as he let go of her hands.Hermione stood frozen as the crowd around them came back to life with the first tick of the clock. A common sticky feeling washed over her. Guilt.“Eleven!” The crowd cheered.Guilt was the first word that came to mind. Was she feeling guilty because of what Kingsley would say or what Draco would feel? Either way, one of them will be left unsatisfied or hurt. Hermione let her eyes race to the giant clock on the wall. She swallowed nervously as it boomed across the ballroom.“Ten!”There were only a few seconds left for her to make a choice. She was either in this for as long as her heart beats or it was gone.“Nine!”She hated this. Raced decisions were always risky. Except for this time, the stakes were too high.“Eight!”Hermione looked at Draco. He turned his head to the clock, pretending to be interested in the countdown. She knew that he couldn’t bear to look at her and she hated herself for that. She hated that the person that she cared so much about was hurting from her silence.“Seven!”She hated Kingsley for putting her in such a position.“Six!”“Five!”
  Since when did telling someone about your feelings make you a traitor? I never swore to Kingsley that I wouldn’t fall in love with Draco.
“Four!”Hermione tugged the sleeve of Draco’s suit. He turned around with a stone-cold expression. He was prepared for rejection. She couldn’t bear him looking at her like this. The way he did so many months ago.“Three!”She wanted to pull him close, to comfort him. To make it all go away. To hell with The Order.“I love you, Draco.”His eyes widened as the stone-cold mask fell off.“Two!”“Don’t say this because…” His voice drowned in a hundred others.Hermione panicked, sensing that he didn’t believe her.“One!” The room burst with cheering, clapping and yelling.She pulled him close and kissed him. Hermione didn’t know what to say and even if she tried to explain, it would be impossible in all the noise. She tried to tell him how much she loved him in the way that she kissed him, the way she held onto him. When she stepped back, the ballroom was already beginning to return back to normal.“I love you Draco Malfoy, and I mean it. So don’t even try to convince me that I said it out of pity.”He watched her skeptically. “Why didn’t you say it earlier?”Hermione huffed, trying to figure out what to say. It was hard to sort things out in her head and with Draco at the same time. She never thought that love would come to her like this. In her head, she thought she’d know instantly. But the feeling was so new to her, that she simply struggled to put a label on it until now.“Because I’m a scaredy-cat.” She let out a breath and smiled weakly.“A scaredy-cat?” Draco chuckled.His eyes softened. The little flames of mischief came back, and a smirk appeared in the corners of his lips.“I wanted to speak to you for a while, but it was harder than I thought,” Hermione confessed.“I know.” He nodded.“I love you, Draco.” She said the words, hoping for him to hear all the emotions that she felt in them.She said it slowly as if trying to taste the sentence, to feel how it is to talk about it openly. Something reflected in his eyes for a moment.“I love you too Hermione.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  March
The first days of spring crept in unexpectedly. While the rest of the country was watching the last bits of snow melt and counting down days to when the weather gets warmer, it reminded Hermione of how small-time there was left. She promised herself to start thinking about how to get out of this mess after New Year but as time passed, Hermione still couldn’t bring herself to even imagine it. As soon, as she started thinking of a solution, thousands of complications appeared, making every single one of her plans either a suicide mission or the lowest a person could fall. So, she set it aside. Why poison the few months they had left with bitter thoughts? Despite trying to shove The Order into the back of her mind, occasionally thoughts came up and ruined her days. The less time she had, the more often she found herself staying up late in the library, trying to find something unknown even to her, or just simply standing on the balcony and looking at nothing. Hermione did her best to suppress it. She’d go to Draco and treasure every minute they had together. Sometimes, she’d catch herself taking mental pictures of the way he smiled or how he looked when talking about a topic he was invested in. Hermione threw the paperwork on a table near the entrance as Draco kissed her softly.“How was work? You look tired.”“It was alright. I just need some time to rest, and I’ll be fine.” She gave him a weak smile.“Why do you still work in the Ministry? You’ve freed the house-elves and done a million other things. Quit the job if it exhausts you so much. They clearly don’t appreciate what you do enough.”“You know that I can’t. I need something to keep me busy. I already go there only twice a week. It’s barely a job.” She shrugged her shoulders, handing her coat to a house-elf.“And they give you enough of tasks to keep you busy for the rest of the week.” He pointed at the stack of paper. “It’s like finals week back at Hogwarts.”“And I manage it perfectly.”Draco sighed, giving up. “I have a hot bath ready for you upstairs.”“Thank you, I really appreciate it.” Hermione hugged him.The way he paid attention to small details amazed her. Sometimes, she even thought that he was reading her mind. There was no possible explanation for someone knowing her needs so well.“Care to join me?” She asked with a smile.“I’ll be upstairs in a few minutes,” Draco promised.Hermione stepped into the water, immediately feeling her muscles relax. Draco really did something. There were rose petals floating in the water and lit candles scattered across the room. She breathed in the smell of bergamot and tea roses and closed her eyes. After a few minutes, she nearly fell asleep. Hermione opened her eyes and played with the wedding ring on her finger to stay awake. Usually, Draco never took so long. She listened, trying to catch the sound of his footsteps but there was only silence. Hermione shook off the strange thoughts. He just wanted her to take her time and rest after work. There was nothing wrong and she was going to stay here instead of checking up on him. She stayed in the bath for a few more minutes until the water got lukewarm and threw on a robe. Her hand was already reaching for the doorknob when Draco swung the door open. One quick look at him was enough to see that he was furious.“What happened?” Hermione asked in a worried tone.“My parents came to visit.” He nailed down every single word.“Both of them?” Hermione asked a rhetorical question, her brows rising. “What do they want?”“A family dinner. Of course, it was my mother’s idea.” Draco scoffed. “I’m going to ask them to leave now, just wanted to make sure that father didn’t try to do something stupid to you.”He turned around to leave but Hermione grabbed his shoulder.“Wait. Let them stay.”“Are you out of your mind?” He looked like he wanted to say so much more but was at a complete loss of words.“I know that this sounds insane.” She rubbed his arm in an attempt to comfort him. “We both know that I and Lucius can’t stand each other. But think of Narcissa, she hasn’t seen you in so long. She’s heartbroken because her son doesn’t talk to his own father.”Draco started talking but she shushed him.“I’m not asking you to forgive your father. Do this for your mother, Draco. Just one dinner. I’ll be by your side the entire time, so you won’t have to worry about my safety.”Draco sighed and pushed his hair away from his face.“Alright, get dressed.” He tensed up. “But I’m warning you that this is going to be a very short dinner.”Hermione nodded, not entirely sure in her own idea, and began getting ready. Preparations were short and took just a few minutes. After drying her hair with a spell, Hermione threw on a simple ankle-length dress, all under Draco’s supervision.When they entered the dining hall, Draco’s parents were already at the table. Narcissa raced to her son with the highest speed acceptable by the etiquette.“I’m so glad that you’ve agreed to have dinner with us. Good evening, Hermione.” She smiled warmly.Lucius preferred to stay seated and silent. All his reaction was just a simple nod. Narcissa gestured them to the table as if they were the guests. Draco’s father sat at the head of the table like he was still the owner of the Manor. Narcissa took a seat to his left hand and Draco sat down across the table from her. Hermione lowered next to him and swallowed nervously.“Good evening, father,” Draco said dryly.“Haven’t seen you in a while,” Lucius answered coldly. “How are things going in the Manor?”It was a small step, but it was still progress. Hermione listened to Draco’s brief explanation of what happened in the past months and tried not to shift too much in her seat.“I think you wanted to say something to Hermione,” Narcissa said in a sweet voice.Lucius threw a warning stare at his wife and cleared his throat. Hermione felt tiny under his stare.“I would like to apologize for my previous behavior. It was inappropriate.”Hermione felt all eyes in the room focus on her. Narcissa was patiently waiting for her answer, while Draco looked rather angry with his father’s apology. Lucius seemed to barely care for her answer. He did what he had to and wasn’t planning on elaborating at all.“I-Sure...Ahem.” Hermione started awkwardly. “I forgive you.”The words came out drier and more rehearsed than she initially planned.“Great. Let’s have dinner now, shall we?” Narcissa clapped her hands.Food appeared on the table minutes later. Hermione could tell that Narcissa decided on the menu way before she got an answer from them. But she had to admit that the food looked delicious. There was a brief moment of silent chewing that ought to turn into something awkward if it wasn’t for Draco’s mother.“I’ve heard that you are the person behind the house-elf project,” Narcissa asked, cutting her vegetables and looking at Hermione all at the same time. “Tell me about it. What sparked the idea?”Lucius watched them with a grave expression on his face. Hermione wasn’t sure whether Narcissa truly cared about it or was just polite. She knew one thing for sure though, Lucius wasn’t fazed by the project at all. Hermione took a sip of wine before beginning her speech.“It actually started back at Hogwarts when I found out how the food was made,” Hermione explained.Lucius frowned, clearly thinking that only someone that grew up in the muggle world wouldn’t know such a fact by default.“I created a small organization that was meant to focus on the issue.” She continued, avoiding the title of it.Hermione remembered the look on Draco’s face when she mentioned it a while ago. If he had such a reaction, Lucius’s could only be worse.“Sadly, it didn’t work out for various reasons, such as…” She stopped, seeing the look on Draco’s face.
  Did I say something wrong?
But he wasn’t looking at her.“Who did you bring?” Draco asked his father furiously.“What are you talking about?” Lucius seemed clueless.“Don’t pretend that you have no idea about what’s going on. I just got an alert that somebody entered the grounds and is headed towards the Manor.”“Lucius!” Narcissa exclaimed.“Why do you always suspect me? Do you really think so low of me?” He answered, clearly unbothered.“Who else could it be then?” Draco spat.Hermione felt on edge. Whoever it was approaching the house would probably be inside any minute now.“Give me one reason not to send them to Hades as soon as I see them,” Draco warned.“Because even you wouldn’t be able to get away with it. Put your wand away, son.” Lucius smiled. “It’s an old friend of mine.”Hermione’s eyes slid down to Draco’s hand holding the wand under the table. His movements were so slick and silent that she didn’t even notice him take it out. She shivered at the thought of how easily he could use it against someone. Draco was surely a hard target to kill. Hermione twitched at the sound of footsteps echoing in the corridor. They were now separated from that stranger only by a single door. She saw Draco’s grip on the wand harden.“Who is it?” He said in a dangerous voice.“Don’t be so harsh. You’ll see in a minute.” Lucius drank his wine.The door swung open, revealing their guest without an invitation. The silence was so thick, that it could’ve been cut with a knife. The sound of cutlery falling on a plate echoed through the room. Hermione gripped her chair to the point of her fingers going white.“What do you think you’re doing?” Narcissa whispered to Lucius.“Sorry for arriving late, I guess it’s a rather nasty habit of mine.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Sorry for arriving late, I guess it’s a rather nasty habit of mine.” Astoria smiled apologetically. “May I join you?”Everyone stayed silent.“Good evening, Astoria. Yes, you may. We’ve all been waiting for you.” Lucius welcomed.Hermione’s eyes raced to Draco.“No, you may not.”“Draco don’t be so rude. She’s a guest after all.” Lucius persisted.“She’s unwelcomed in this house.”“Draco, you’re hurting me with your words. Have I ever done anything bad to you?” Astoria asked while taking a seat by Narcissa’s side.Draco’s mother shifted in her seat to be further away from Astoria. Draco sighed, unable to come up with an explanation.“No, you haven’t. But your presence is unwanted by both me and my wife. Why would you even come here? Things are over between us.”Hermione didn’t like the way his sentence sounded. It made her seem as if she was threatened by Astoria’s presence.“I apologize if I ever made either of you feel uncomfortable.” Astoria watched her wine being poured. “We’ve been friends for years Draco. Even if things between us ended, I still want to keep in touch with you. Besides, I think that I and Hermione might have more in common than you think.”
  The only thing in common that we have is the same taste in men. And it sure isn’t a topic that I’m willing to discuss over tea with Astoria.
Hermione grimaced at the thought.“Dear Narcissa, I haven’t seen you in a while. How are you?” Astoria continued, completely ignoring the tension in the room.“I’m alright sweetie.” She answered with the fakest of smiles.“Astoria, I’ve heard that you’ve been helping with your father’s legacy.” Lucius chimed in. “Isn’t it fantastic, Draco?”Hermione felt like if she ground her teeth for a moment longer they would turn to ash. Astoria reminded her of a cardboard cutout that is often displayed in a store. She was perfect, without a single flaw, following every rule in the book to keep up the act and that made her the shallowest person Hermione had ever known.“It is, father. Can you imagine someone passing down a legacy to their children instead of a ruined reputation?”“Don’t use that tone when talking to me, boy,” Lucius warned.“It’s a great honor to me but I don’t want to brag.” Astoria batted her eyes. “Hermione, you won’t mind me asking your husband how he is, right?”Hermione sat still, sensing that she was approaching the edge. Anger was bubbling in her, ready to spill at any moment.“How has life been, Draco?” Astoria smiled.“Pretty good until recently.” He said coldly.“What happened?” The worry in her voice was almost genuine.Hermione regretted leaving her wand upstairs. Otherwise, the changes that would’ve happened to Astoria’s face would be set in history.“Guess,” Draco answered.“Hermione, this salad is delicious. Would you like to try some?” Narcissa interrupted.The sentence was like an olive branch. They might’ve not been the closest people to each other, but both were definitely tired of what was going on in their family.“Yes, please. That would be wonderful.”Narcissa reached for the bowl but was interrupted by Astoria.“Let me do the service. Judging by the delicious food, you were the one to come up with all of this. You’ve done your part, now let me help her.”She reached across the table with the salad bowl. At some point, Hermione realized that Astoria stretched the bowl out too fast. It hit the glass of red wine, spilling the red liquid and pieces of salad on her dress.“Oh, I’m so sorry. People say that I’m too clumsy.” Astoria apologized. “Do you need a napkin?”“You bitch…” Hermione rose from her seat.Anyone who didn’t know Astoria would think that it was an accident. But Hermione remembered the words that she said after purposefully spilling a cocktail on Astoria’s lap many months ago. Astoria Greengrass was a bitch with good memory.“I’m sorry, what?” She looked surprised.“Get the hell out of my house!” Hermione yelled.“It was just an accident. I didn’t mean to offend you.”“Astoria, go.” Fire and ice entwined in Draco’s voice.“Don’t be so harsh to her. Clean up and come back to the table.” Lucius ordered calmly.Hermione’s furious gaze rushed to him.“If the two of you are still going to be here by the time I come back, the local funeral house is going to get two fresh orders.” She spat and stormed out.The atmosphere in their bedroom felt serene compared to the chaos downstairs. Hermione eyed her wand for a moment and headed to the shower. The dress might’ve been alright after a simple spell but her entire body felt dirty after the scene Astoria and Lucius caused.She tossed the dress on the floor and stepped under the scourging hot water. The steam and the sound of running water grounded her. It was alright. They wouldn’t dare to come back after what just happened. Compared to the other things that Lucius had done to her, this one was harmless. This was the final stop in Astoria’s intervention into her and Draco’s life. Despite being done with scrubbing and washing, Hermione didn’t want to leave. She closed her eyes, trying to push down the last bits of anger and irritation. No matter how much she focused, her mind kept rewinding the scene, making Hermione only more aggravated. She regretted not throwing a glass of wine at Astoria or pushing her down a flight of stairs to get rid of the problem for sure. The longer she thought about it, the more gruesome her plans became. After a few minutes, she was back to the state she was in when she first entered the bathroom.A swoosh of cold air against her hips brought her back to reality. Hermione shivered and turned around. She gasped as Draco angrily pinned her against the wall. For a split moment, she thought that he was mad at her. Instead, he kissed her, water streaming down their faces. His movements were fast and aggressive. He was still enraged by what happened downstairs. Hermione felt the wave of his emotions crash on her. She lightly pressed her palm against his chest. The gesture was enough for him to withdraw.“Draco, your parents…” She tried to steady her breathing.“They’re gone.” He interrupted“But…”“I don’t want to talk about it.” Draco cut her off.Hermione silently studied his face. Flames were dancing in the depth of his eyes. Draco’s breath was fast and heavy. He was tense as if ready for an attack. She could still feel the anger bubbling inside of her but wasn’t sure whether it could be compared to his. She wasn’t sure that she’d be able to handle him in this state.A flash of Astoria trying to flirt with him in the most annoying, subtle yet persistent ways came up in her mind. The thought of him being someone else’s, not hers burned like hot iron. Hermione’s eyes scanned his body, trying to take it all in. He was hers and only hers. And she was going to prove it, even if Astoria will never know about it.She reached out to him, but Draco wrapped his fingers around her neck and pushed her back to the wall. His mouth quickly found hers. Draco’s kisses were hungry and aggressive. Hermione moaned as his fingers reached the spot between her legs. His pace was too fast for her to last long.“I want you inside of me,” Hermione ordered, something burning up inside of her.Draco lifted her up without hesitation and pushed her back against the wall. Hermione dug her nails into his back as he entered her. She knew that it would leave a mark and she wanted it to be there. Hermione lifted her head, feeling the heavy weight of her wet hair only for Draco to free one of his hands and lower her chin. Her eyes met his and she felt a bolt of lightning strike her. He was angry, possessive and the strangest thing that she discovered was that it turned her on. The way he looked at her made something drop inside of her stomach, pushing her to the edge. She closed her eyes, listening to their uneven breathing. Hermione hardened the grip on his back as her walls clenched around him. When she refocused, Draco was already setting her down, slightly panting.He handed her a shower gel, which she silently accepted. Hermione cleaned up rather instinctively than actually realizing what she was doing. She was still trying to come to terms with what just happened.“What happened after I left?” She spoke, knowing that Draco wasn’t going to.“Nothing much. I kicked them all out.” He answered dryly, stepping out of the shower.“Don’t walk away from this conversation.” Hermione protested.“What conversation? I kicked them out. The end.” Draco wrapped a towel around him and walked out of the room.Hermione let out an annoyed breath and turned the water off. She rushed into their bedroom a moment later.“You know that I wanted to talk about your feelings, and you bail.” Hermione fixed her robe.“What is there to talk about? How do you think I feel?” Draco snapped. “I told you that it’s a bad idea and look how it all turned out.”“I know, and I’m sorry for even thinking that it could work out. But I need you to talk to me about such things.” She sat on the bed next to him.“Why?” He muttered.“Because I love you and I care about you. You don’t have to go through things alone.” Hermione gently took his hand. “What about your mother?”“Not a clue.” He chuckled sadly. “I’m sure that her every visit from now on will be wrapped around the concept of me forgiving father for the hundredth time. But she’ll visit occasionally. At least, I like to think so.”She squeezed his hand. “She’ll understand eventually.”Draco wrapped his arm around Hermione’s shoulder and pulled her closer.“I hate it when we fight.” He said in a low voice.“We weren’t fighting. I just wanted to talk to you.”“And I snapped.”“It’s alright. Happens to all of us.” She shifted to a more comfortable position and looked out of the window.Hermione was going to miss this. Everything about it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  March 24th
Hermione slightly rocked herself, while sitting in an armchair. She would seem calm and contained to most people but the speed with which she turned the ring on her finger told other things. She knew that it was essential to come up with a plan. The way that things were laid out at the moment wasn’t good. Yet, every time Hermione tried to think of something, she couldn’t find a way out.  Her freshest idea was faking their deaths. So, she sat silent, picking at it. Hermione analyzed all the risks with precision and concluded that it was near impossible.Even if they found a place to go to, what would be next? Their movements can easily be tracked. Even if they traveled without magic Draco still had the Dark Mark on his arm. Where would they get bodies? A transforming spell could do. Until someone casts an analyzing spell only to find out that there are two vases in front of them instead of dead bodies. 
  Is Draco’s death the only way out of this?
She stood up and started pacing. Her anxiety was out of line this past week. An upcoming meeting with Kingsley only made it worse.
  What if I refuse? What if I just don’t do anything when the time comes?
The thought seemed surreal. It eased her for a bit. Then the analysis came back.
  If they want him dead, they’ll have him dead. And something tells me that it won’t be a fast and painless way to go.
Hermione stopped in the middle of the room and sighed. There was no use in continuing. The only thing that thinking about the issue did right now was stress her out. She’ll come back to it later.As if on cue the door creaked, signaling that Draco walked in. Hermione rushed into his arms, her safe space. The worry bubbled down the moment he hugged her back.“I’ve only been gone for three hours.” He chuckled.“I know. I just missed you.” The words came out with a struggle.“You ready for this dating thing?”They always separated the real and the pretend. Of course, they would still chat and enjoy themselves on the dates scheduled by the Order, but it was different. Most of them were in popular crowded restaurants or cafés. As ironic as it may sound, publicity was never their thing. Both preferred a silent night somewhere new and most importantly away from people. Somewhere where they didn’t have to pretend to be always filled with joy, make sure their posture was straight and a smile didn’t come off their faces even for a moment.There was nothing particularly new about the restaurant they went to this time. Just another place to spend one to two hours at and leave after the picture is taken. Hermione lazily picked at her salad, trying not to look at the clock on the wall too often. She cherished every moment with Draco but when it came to these fake dates Hermione just wanted to get over with it.“What are you thinking about?” Draco caught her attention.“Nothing much.” She shrugged her shoulders.“Your head is in the clouds the entire day. What’s going on?”Hermione shifted in her seat, trying to phrase her words.“I just came across this paradox that I can’t solve.”“Care to elaborate?” Draco set his fork aside.“Well…” She paused.Hermione knew that what she was doing was extremely dangerous and childish. The smallest giveaway would cause irreversible damage. But staying silent could be even worse. What if he would have an idea? Besides, backing out at this point would be strange.Draco cocked his head, waiting for an answer. A riddle in the middle of a boring dinner sparked his interest. Hermione could tell that he wasn’t going to let it go at this point anyway.She took a sip of her drink, trying to win some time and come up with an analogy. What were they? Pawns on a chess desk? She hoped that they were at least bishops. One moving down the bright path and the other following the dark. Hermione chuckled sadly. She definitely wasn’t the bishop that moved on white.“Imagine that you’re playing chess.” She started. “And both of your bishops are in a similar position with the other player’s pieces. It’s a trap, where both of your pieces are one move away from being eaten. You know that sacrificing the bishop that moves on white squares is what you’re supposed to do. But I just don’t want to do it. I’ve spent my day trying to figure out a move but still have no clue.”Draco frowned, thinking. He took it so seriously that Hermione was starting to fear that he understood the true meaning of her words.“Can you tell me more about the positions on the board?” Draco said after a while.Hermione sighed, relieved. He didn’t deduce anything from her words. She wasn’t planning on making a more complicated analogy involving the Order and Voldemort. If what she just did went by without any consequences, the next analogy would be a straight-up confession. And after all, she wasn’t a good enough chess player to come up with something like that on the spot.“I don’t remember,” Hermione answered.“How could you possibly even solve something without the rest of the positions?”“It just slipped out at some point.”“So, the only thing you care about is saving the bishop that moves on white squares?” He chuckled sarcastically.Hermione felt a sting of irritation to his tone. Did she say something wrong?“Yes.” She said, a bit confused.Draco sighed, looking at something in the distance.“Then sacrifice the bishop that moves on black.”Hermione felt something drop inside of her.“Are you sure that there is no way to save them both?” She asked in a shaky voice.“I don’t know. You’re the player.” Draco raised a brow. “I’ll be back.”Hermione watched him leave, feeling her face go pale. He was right and she was stupid for not seeing it earlier. One of them is supposed to die in the end. That’s the only way out. Her upper hand in this was deciding who lives and who doesn’t. She felt the room wobble a bit. Hermione took a sip of her water, wrinkling her face as the ice-cold liquid flowed down to her stomach.Draco might’ve felt her mood when he came back. The rest of the evening he seemed grumpy and was silent on the way home. Hermione both thanked and regretted the decision to say something. Draco did give her an answer. But her reaction ruined it all. As well as she tried to mask it, she needed some time to come to terms with it. That night Hermione twisted the ring on her finger as she laid in bed, trying to accept her fate. She’d do it. If it meant saving Draco’s life, she’d do it.
   

  The next day
Hermione refocused to see that Kingsley was waiting for an answer from her.“Tough night?” He moved a cup of coffee to her.“Couldn’t sleep.” She shrugged her shoulders.“I was asking about your progress. Have you decided on-ahem…How to get rid of the problem?”Hermione was so sleepy that she almost told him about her actual plan. She took a sip of coffee, hoping that it would better the situation.“Not exactly. But I have a few ideas in mind.”Kingsley moved his chair closer to the table, gesturing for her to continue.“I-They’re not final yet. I’m not sure if they are even worth telling.”“Are you sure?”“Mhm,” She nodded.“Alright, but I want a final decision by the end of April. Your escape route depends on it. You don’t want to be too late.” Kingsley threw a cube of sugar in his drink.Hermione almost laughed. If the timing was about her escape, she didn’t need to hurry.“Also, I want to thank you for the last week’s information. Very helpful, once again. He appears to be a reliable source.” He said, stirring his coffee. “You look exhausted, don’t worry, it’s almost over. You’ve gone so far already.”Hermione nodded, not knowing what to say.“When was it? 3rd of July? That’s about…” He paused, trying to add up the numbers.“Three months and nine days.” Hermione interrupted.“Right. You keep a tab on the dates, I see. Can’t wait to get over and done with it? I understand.” He chuckled.
  No, Kingsley, you don’t understand shit.
“Yeah.” She smiled. “Checking off days.”“Well, I won’t be wasting any of your time. Have a nice day.”“You too,” Hermione said, closing the door.She sighed, leaning on the wall.
  Three months and nine days.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  May 20th
The closer to the date, the more real things began to feel. Every day started to feel like a preparation for goodbye. Hermione found with a surprise that thinking about her own death was easier. She couldn’t see herself living after killing Draco. Imagining her life without him seemed a cruel joke. A single thought about it set her body aflame. The pain was so intense, that she had a hard time breathing. Her life before him seemed distant and unreal. Saving his life seemed the more logical solution. He had to live. Draco had parents that would grief, he had so many ambitions and chances. Taking that away from him would be cruel.She felt so controlled in her actions that when the time came for her to decide how to do it, she just couldn’t. The variety of options stunned her.
  I have to do something fast, in the momentum.

  Something that doesn’t need preparations.

  Simple, yet meaningful.
 
  Later that day
Hermione picked at her nails, waiting for Draco to get out of the shower. He wasn’t in the greatest of moods ever since their fake date. She didn’t like the way their emotions were codependent. It would make things harder for him when she’ll be gone. It was hard to watch Draco get less and less talkative as if he could sense that something was brewing.Her eyes shot up at him walking into their bedroom. He was dressed as if he was going somewhere outside.“Do you feel like going out? I want to show you something.”“Sure.” Hermione nodded, straightening the hem of her skirt. “Just give me a minute.”She quickly changed her clothes, trying not to take too long. Something between them felt fragile today and Hermione didn’t want to break it. She almost ran down the stairs and to the entrance. Draco was already there, holding a jacket.“It’s not that cold outside.” She commented, still accepting it.“It is at night.”She looked at the clock on the wall. It was eight in the evening. It seemed that they would be out for quite a while. Draco stretched out his hand, ready for apparition. Hermione took it, closing her eyes.When she opened them, they were standing in a crowded street.“Is this the muggle part of London?” Hermione asked, intrigued.“Yes, and we are almost there.” He caught her worried stare. “No one saw us apparate. I used a spell.”Relieved, she took his hand as he navigated them through the crowd. They stopped at a small pop-up, covered in lights. Hermione studied the sign saying waffles. She looked at Draco with a rather confused gaze.“I’ve been coming here for a while now. I used to love running away to the muggle part of the city.” He said, stepping in the back of the line. “No one knows me here. No annoying journalists or photographers. And they make the best waffles that I have ever eaten.”She smiled, watching him talk about something so small, yet so personal.“Tonight, we’re going on a tour of some of my favorite places.”He had no idea how much she needed it. Hermione needed to know everything about him before it was too late.“How do you like your waffles?” She asked, genuinely curious.“Bananas drenched in an ungodly amount of caramel sauce.” He chuckled.“I’ll have the same too then.”They walked through the streets, eating their waffles, and talking about nothing and everything at the same time. It did get a bit windy after a while, just as Draco said. They took a sharp turn into a small street. The silence felt strange compared to all the noises they left behind. Hermione stopped midsentence, incapable of disturbing the silence. Draco paused at the door of a small store.“Books?” Hermione raised her brows.She knew that this was just a regular bookstore with nothing related to magic in there. Her interest was sparked with guesses what kind of muggle books Draco might be reading.They stepped inside the dimly lit store that smelled of freshly printed pages. Hermione fought the urge to go browsing, instead focusing on where Draco went. She almost chuckled, seeing the title of shelves he stopped at. It made perfect sense.“How long have you been into philosophy?” Hermione wondered, seeing him study the shelves.“A few years now,” Draco explained. “There’s something different about muggle philosophers. Without magic, they talk about simpler things in a more complicated but interesting way.”This was the first night when Hermione walked out of a bookstore empty-handed. Instead, Draco was the one to carry a rather heavy bag. They spent the longest time browsing and were the last customers to leave. She was silent on their walk, listening to him passionately debate about things he agreed and disagreed on. Hermione realized that it was late only when they passed an almost abandoned street that was usually swarming with people during the day.“Our next and final stop is here,” Draco announced.“A bar?”“We’re not drinking if that’s what you’re asking.”Hermione stayed quiet. She had no idea what else you were supposed to do in a bar. Listen to music? But the sounds coming from the speakers didn’t strike her as something unique or worth any attention. She looked at Draco, puzzled.“Come in, you’ll see for yourself.” He invited.They dived into the world of loud thumping music, neon signs, and loud conversations. Draco guided them to a small booth at the far back, where the music was quieter.“Good evening. The regular?” A waiter asked.“Yes please, two cups.”The waiter disappeared instantly.“I found this place by accident one night. I wanted a cup of hot chocolate like nothing else in the world. It was late, so every coffee shop was already closed. I have to admit that I might’ve been slightly drunk, but this place seemed like a good idea at the time.”Hermione looked around, doubting that a place like this specialized in soft drinks.“Turns out that this is a small café at daytime.” He continued.“A café that has the best hot chocolate in town?” Hermione guessed.“Exactly.” Draco nodded. “I come here when I want to be alone but not lonely. This sounds stupid but…”“No, I understand.” Hermione stopped him. “I did the same with a coffee shop on Diagon Alley. It was always crowded, so you didn’t feel lonely, but no one bothered you.”Draco nodded once more, leaning back into the sofa. The waiter arrived promptly with two cups of hot chocolate. Hermione could smell the aroma rising from the mugs. She stirred her drink, watching the small marshmallows float to the walls. The scene was surreal. They were in a bar, surrounded by people drinking and talking loudly and all that they ordered was hot chocolate. It felt new and curious. Her eyes slid to the watch on his hand.“What time is it?”Draco lifted his hand to get a closer look. “Three in the morning.” He announced calmly.Hermione almost spat out her drink. She completely lost track of time. In her head, it couldn’t have been later than eleven.“Are you tired?” He worried.“No, no at all. I just didn’t expect it to be so late.”“Good, I’ll need you to stay awake for a few more hours.”Hermione raised a brow. She didn’t feel like falling asleep right now but a few more hours sounded like a very long time.“May I ask what for?”“No, you may not.” Draco smiled with the corner of his lips.Hermione huffed. She didn’t expect a different answer.“Can I at least know what the plan is for the next few hours?”“We’ll stay here as long as you want. If you get bored, we can walk a little more or go somewhere else.”Her legs buzzed at the thought of walking. A few hours were more than enough for today. Or in fact, for the next few days.They stayed there for an hour with something. Hermione started to feel sleepy from all the hot chocolate and the soft couch. She was about to get cozy for a nap when Draco asked for the bill. She threw an annoyed gaze at him.“I said that I won’t let you fall asleep and it’s exactly what I’m doing. Let’s go.”Hermione lazily stood up and walked outside. The fresh wind hit her face. It smelled of summer. A shiver ran through her body. Suddenly, she felt awake. An alarm clock went off inside of her, warning of their time running out. It was almost summer.They turned a corner into a small alleyway. Draco stretched his hand out to her to apparate.“Where are we going?” Hermione asked.She didn’t care where they were going as long as they were together. But the sudden nervousness made her want to speak. To say at least something.“Home.”“Home? So, me staying awake until it’s almost five was an elaborate plan to mess up my sleeping schedule?”“Exactly. I’ve been planning it for weeks.” Draco replied sarcastically.He took her hand before she had a chance to say something snarky in reply. Hermione looked around to notice them standing on the top floor of the Manor. The lights were off but the sky was already a light shade of blue, enough to make out the surroundings.“Your aim is getting worse. Our bedroom is one floor below.”Draco chuckled.“You’re just annoyed because I won’t let you sleep. I get it, but I need to do this.”He opened the ceiling window and gestured for her to come closer.“There’s no way you’re making me climb up there.” Hermione protested.“I can lift you. Unless you want me to apparate directly onto the roof. But who knows, we might appear in the middle of the air since my aim is getting worse.” Draco shrugged his shoulders.Hermione huffed and took a step closer to him. She grabbed onto the window frame as he lifted her up. She cautiously climbed out onto the roof and immediately sat down, worried that she might trip and fall. Draco appeared next to her moments later. He stretched his hand to her.“Come on, this is the worst side to be on. You might slide down.”Hermione took his hand as she slowly stood up. They walked across the angled side of the roof to a small, rounded spot above the entrance. There was already a blanket set up for them. Hermione stood still, watching the land stretch to the horizon. She knew perfectly well how the Manor’s gardens looked like but seeing them from height put things into a different perspective. She felt the blanket’s weight on her shoulders. Hermione turned around to see Draco already sitting down. She sat down next to him, covering his shoulders with the blanket too. He wrapped his arm around her before pulling close.“Remember how I promised you a sunrise?”Hermione felt something clutch in her heart. He turned away from her, looking at something in the distance. She followed his gaze to see a bright orange disk starting to rise at the very bottom of the horizon. The bright colors contrasted with the cool emerald of the grass and trees.“This is beautiful…” That was all that she managed after a while of silence.Hermione clutched him, biting down on her lip. There are so many things that they won’t be able to do. But she was thankful for this. Thankful for their sunrise.
  
    Chapter Text
    They spent the entire June together. No friends, no connection with anyone outside their small world. They went out into the city just a few times, preferring to stay at the Manor or traveling to distant secluded places.With him, Hermione started to see the beauty in the smallest things. There was something so welcoming in the way the sun hit the warm floor. She fell in love with the way the air smelled early in the morning and right before they went to bed. Hermione’s head went spinning over the way flowers bloomed in their garden when they ate lunch in the gazebo. Whenever they’d get in the pool, she found herself anticipating the moment when her body would touch the slightly cool water. Almost every night they danced in the ballroom until their legs were too tired to carry them any longer. They turned the dark Manor into their small paradise. 
  June 26th
Hermione took a deep breath before turning the handle. Probably her last meeting with Kingsley. The feeling had a bittersweet taste to it. She had to be nice. A part of her wanted to be remembered as a calm and contained person. Throwing a tantrum surely wouldn’t help in fulfilling the wish. She pushed the door and walked into the well-known office. He was already there.“Good morning, Hermione. How are you?” 
  How am I?

   

  Certainly not well.

   
“I’m alright.” She answered dryly while taking a seat.“Don’t be shy, I know that this is hard for you. Would you like something to drink?”“Just water.”Kingsley nodded, reaching for a glass and a decanter.“So, this is it.” He smiled, pouring a glass of water. “You’re almost free. How do you feel?”“Please don’t interview me. Skeeter does more than enough of that.”Kingsley nodded. “Let’s get straight to business then.”He cast a muffling spell to ensure their privacy before continuing.“There’s only a week left until the 3rd of July. It’s your anniversary, so appearing in public won’t be suspicious. This is our last contact until you escape from the Malfoy Manor. I know that many things could go wrong but contact me or anyone from the Order only as a last resort and don’t use anything except a patronus for it.”“Hopefully, I won’t need it.”“We can only hope. We know that Malfoy is stubborn, so he might disagree with going on an arranged date on your anniversary. That’s why we need green clothes. When you wear them on any day from now on it will be a signal to us.”“How long will I have after that?”“A week sharp. On the seventh day, you should proceed with the elimination.” Kingsley reached in one of the drawers and took out a fake flower. “Take this.”Hermione examined it carefully, trying to understand what it was.“It’s a portkey. Put it in the garden or somewhere where it won’t look suspicious and is unlikely to be touched. It works every night from 11 to 11:05. You can only use it once.”“Where does it lead to?”“A safe house. You’ll be alone there until the morning. Then someone from the Order will come and lead you somewhere else. When you see them ask what took them so long. They should answer tying shoelaces. If the answer is different, it’s someone else in disguise.”“Got it,” Hermione said.She was barely listening, knowing that she wouldn’t need any of this information.“If you don’t have any other questions, I won’t be taking any more of your time. Your workday has already begun.”“Actually, I quit my job just before coming here.”“Why?”Hermione shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. I guess it’s not what I wanted all along. Besides, why would I need a job during a war?”“You can always resume working after the Order’s victory.”“You know, I don’t think I’ll be able to.” She chuckled at her own joke. “But it’s great that you’re so optimistic about the outcome of the war.”Kingsley eyed her suspiciously for a moment.“I don’t know whether it’s because you spent too much time with Malfoy or there’s a different reason why you think that we won’t win.” He paused midsentence. “We found a way to separate Harry and the Horcrux without harming him. That’s the reason why we need you to be right on schedule. We’ll do it on the night of Malfoy’s death. He-who-must-not-be-named will feel that a Horcrux has been destroyed. Malfoy’s death will be a distraction. If there are many things going on at once, he’ll have to scatter forces. It will weaken him.”“Right,” Hermione answered after a pause. “I should go now. Don’t want to raise any suspicion.”She was at the door when Kingsley spoke once more.“Good luck, Hermione.”She paused inches away from the door.“Don’t wish me luck in killing someone.” Her tone was calm and cold.Hermione walked out without looking at him and slammed the door. 
  3rd of July
Hermione woke up with a sense of guilt eating at her. She felt horrible for having to lie to Draco’s face. Him appearing with a tray of food only made the feeling worse.“Good morning, I brought you something.” He put down the tray on the bed next to her.“Thank you.” Hermione looked at the food, avoiding eye contact with him.“I know that this fake date ruins our anniversary, but I wanted at least something to be special today,” Draco explained, digging his fork into the omelet.“It’s nothing. Anniversary is just a date in a calendar, the most important thing is that we are together.” She struggled with the words more than initially expected. “We’ll celebrate next year.”Hermione reached for the orange juice and quickly drank half of it. Saying those words felt like a slap across the face. A mockery of reality.“We will.” Draco nodded.They finished their breakfast in silence. Hermione started getting ready for their date at midday. She was slower than usual, trying to stretch time. Stretching time became one of her most frequent actions in the past few months. The bright green fabric contrasted with her slightly pale skin. She looked in the mirror and realized that the color was good on her. She felt disgusted at the thought.They walked up the stairs of a restaurant that they’ve been to a few times. Hermione was focused only on listening for a camera shutter. But all she heard was street noise.
  It doesn’t mean anything. For all I know, a photographer can be hiding in the bushes.
Their table was on a private indoor balcony on the second floor, overlooking the tables on the first floor. The table itself was decorated with candles and flower petals. The food was already waiting for them.“I know that we’re only here for the pictures, but I took the liberty of adding something special to this evening.” He moved a chair away from the table, gesturing Hermione to sit down. “I hope you’re not mad that I ordered.”“I’m not. This means a lot to me, Draco.” Hermione said as she was sitting down.“You would’ve looked great in the red dress that I gave you.” He said, taking a seat across the table from her.The thought of her wearing Draco’s gift instead of emerald-green was strange. It led her to a parallel universe where they were on an actual date, she was in red, and her biggest worry was not getting to decide what she was eating tonight.“I’m wearing the earrings that you gave me.” She slightly shook her head, sending the emeralds into a dance. “I can wear the dress the next time.”“You’ve said it so many times, that I’m starting to think that next time won’t ever happen.”“Let’s go out somewhere next week. I promise to wear it.” Hermione compromised.Draco went silent for a moment. “What about next Sunday? The 10th of July.”
  Exactly a week from now.
She swallowed nervously and looked into his eyes.“Sure, sounds great.” Hermione nodded, cutting her food.There was silence for a while.“I quit my job in the Ministry,” Hermione said.“Why? I thought you liked working there.”“I did but you were right. I’ve done everything that I wanted.” She shrugged her shoulders.“Right. What’s your next agenda then?”She paused before answering. “I don’t know. Nothing for now. I want to spend more time with you.”“I don’t believe you,” Draco stated.“What?” Hermione froze for a moment. “What do you mean you don’t believe me?”“You always have something going on. If it’s not working or planning on freeing species, then it’s some sort of trouble that you got yourself into. So, what is it?” Draco raised a brow.Hermione felt her heartbeat fasten. This was the first time that he was so confrontational with her. She had no idea what to answer. She couldn’t just come up with some sort of master plan or a charity case on the spot. For the first time, she felt like Draco was onto something. But it was such a subtle feeling that Hermione didn’t dare to test it. If Draco knew, he’d already do something.“Strangely, it’s none of these things this time,” Hermione answered. “I get to live my life for once.”Draco chuckled. “Right, you do.”The rest of the dinner went smoothly as if nothing happened. For a moment Hermione almost forgot what was happening and enjoyed herself. That was until the time to walk out of the restaurant came.Draco escorted her to the exit, his hand resting on her back. Moments before walking out Hermione took his hand. His touch calmed her down. Even if she won’t see the photographer, the picture will or already has been taken. She took a deep breath when the doors opened. Hermione squeezed his hand tighter as they walked down the stairs. Suddenly a flashing light blinded her, as Hermione heard a camera click. Her heart sunk to her stomach, and she almost stumbled down the stairs. Draco caught her with his arm and pulled closer.“Are you alright, my love?”Hermione felt her face go pale as she nodded and fixed her emerald-green dress. Her deal with the Order was now set in stone.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  10th of July
Hermione’s body shook as she looked up at the midnight sky for the last time. A quiet whimper escaped from her throat as she bit down on her lip. It would hurt but not for long. 
  Earlier that night
Hermione was nervous the entire night. No matter how much she tried to convince herself that her last night on earth should be fun, the thought kept dawning on her. She felt like there was a boulder on her shoulders.Draco really outdid himself this time. They had dinner in what felt like the middle of the forest. Their table was surrounded by candles and flowers, only slightly warding away the darkness. The dim lighting only added to the tension that she felt tonight. Even though Hermione tried to smile as much as possible it wasn’t convincing enough for Draco. He kept asking her what was wrong only to get a bland response in the end.“It’s nothing. My head is in the clouds today for some reason.” She shook her shoulders and gave him a weak smile.She wore the dress just like she promised. A stark red color, stretching down to the floor with a slit on the side. Hermione found with a surprise that it had the strangest contraption inside. There was a small strap sewn on that attached to her leg to keep the dress from flying in the wind. Any other day she’d feel like a queen wearing it but today it made her feel like the odd one out. Even though no one except Draco was watching her, it still felt like she was attracting too much attention with a dress as bright as that.They dined for the longest that they’ve ever had. It felt to her like both of them were stretching their time. Hermione tried not to think that this was their last night together. Every time that the thought even started to form in her head, she felt the uncomfortable prickling in her eyes. But everything must come to an end, and so did their dinner. Hermione threw off her shoes the minute she stepped into the Manor and turned around. She tried to capture his face as clear as possible. Every single detail was imprinted in her head. The deep pools of silver that always drew her in, the way he arched his brow, or how he’d smirk at something with the corner of his mouth. Hermione felt her eyes begin to water. She kissed Draco before he could notice anything. The kiss was full of bitter-sweet pain. She wouldn’t get the chance to say anything, so it was her way of saying goodbye. Hermione ran her hands through his hair for the last time before taking a step away.“Dinner was beautiful. Thank you.” She smiled. “I’ll head up to my room. I need a bit of alone time if you don’t mind.”She turned around without looking at him once more. Hermione tried to walk up the stairs without running. She needed to get as far away from his stare as possible. As soon as she slammed the bedroom door behind her, she slid down to the floor, exhaling. That was it. The end. She’ll have to be alone for the next part. Hermione fought a wave of tears, trying to focus. She’ll have some time for that later.Hermione sat down at the table and took out two letters from the top drawer. She wrote them the day before. One for Draco and one for Ginny. Both full of explanations, apologies, and confessions. Hermione left a kiss on both as if hoping paper could capture her love for them. She swore under her breath when a drop fell from her eye onto the parchment. Hermione left the letters in the middle of the table. Hopefully, Draco will be kind enough to deliver Ginny’s.Her parents won’t even know. She’ll never lift the spell and they’ll never remember that they had a daughter.She thought of Harry and Ron. A sting of pain in her chest made her grimace. Hermione missed them with her whole heart. They used to be inseparable, the closest people to her in the whole world. Especially after she had to Obliviate her own parents.
  What happened to us?
Would they even think of her, or will she be forgotten and tossed aside the moment the talking dies down? Would they care enough to at least pretend that they’re not happy that Ginny is no longer under her bad influence?She stumbled across the room, looking for anything, tears blurring her vision. She almost jumped from the sound of metal hitting the wood. Hermione had to bend down to see what it was. Her heart skipped a beat when she saw the dagger lying on the floor. She must’ve pushed over the bag that it was in by accident. Hermione let out a hysterical laugh.
  It truly is funny.

  The dagger that I got from Draco is the dagger that will end my life.

  I’ll have to admit that there’s a sick symbolism to it.
But she didn’t mind it. In fact, now it seemed like the most natural way to do it. Hermione wiped her tears, walking out on the balcony. The jewels on the dagger glistened in the moonlight. She looked up to see dozens of stars scattered across the sky. The same stars that they used to watch and the same starts that will be silently watching the earth long after she’ll be gone. Hermione covered her mouth, trying not to make any noise. She couldn’t risk being heard. Hermione’s eyes slid down to the fields beneath her.
  No matter how much time we’d have it would never be enough.

  There’s no use in running away from something that’s destined to happen. I’ll always choose your life over mine. I’d make the same decision a thousand more times.
She looked at the stripe of white light reflecting from the cold metal. She didn’t have enough courage to watch. Hermione’s body shook as she looked up at the midnight sky for the last time. A quiet whimper escaped from her throat as she bit down on her lip. It would hurt but not for long.She jumped from the sound of the door opening, almost letting the dagger fall.“Can we talk?” Echoed from the room.Hermione felt her hands trembling as she tried to figure out where to hide the dagger. Her palms uselessly slid across the fabric, trying to find nonexistent pockets. At last, her fingers came across the strap on her leg. She shoved the dagger under it, moments before hearing his steps on the balcony. She didn’t dare to turn around and look into his eyes.“Are you alright? You seemed worried tonight.” Hermione shivered from his hand gently grabbing her arm.His face appeared in her view moments later. The second Draco saw her, his expression went worried.“What happened?”“Nothing.” She swallowed.“Don’t lie to me.” He said sharply.Hermione took a deep breath, still shaking slightly from the adrenaline rush.She looked down to the floor before speaking. “I don’t want to talk about it.”There was silence for a while before Draco lifted her head by the chin. Hermione wanted to shrivel and disappear under his stare.“Talk to me. I can’t suffer seeing you cry and not know the reason.”“I can’t.” She was almost whispering.Draco stiffened his jaw, sliding his hands to her shoulders. He sucked in air through his mouth and exhaled slowly.“Look, I understand that there might be some things that you don’t want to talk about. But I want you to know that I’m always there for you. I love you, Hermione. With my whole heart. Fuck, I’d die for you.”“Don’t say that.” Her voice cracked. “Please don’t.”“Why shouldn’t I? I mean it. I can’t see myself living without you. I’d slowly fade away in agony.”Hermione shook her head, tears rolling down her cheeks. “No, no you won’t.”“I’d trade my life for yours in a second. That’s how much you mean to me. You and your life are precious and must be treasured. And don’t even try to say anything because it’d be my decision. I can’t live without you, and I refuse to.” Draco said, wiping away her tears.She felt her heart fall somewhere low.“I promise that you won’t.” Hermione nodded, sliding her hand across his face.She kissed him, trying not to burst into tears once more. Saying goodbye for the second time felt twisted. It turned her heart inside out and wounded it deep.“Wait for me here, I just need a minute to clean up,” Hermione asked, walking to the bathroom.She wasn’t going to stretch time. There was nothing worse than overthinking what she was about to do. One of them must go. Hermione couldn’t believe how selfish she was, thinking that her death would be the easy way out. It was the easy way out only for her. She’d leave Draco with a wrenched-out heart. Hermione couldn’t bear thinking that the pain in his eyes when he was talking about dying for her would stay forever.She splashed some water on her face before checking the dagger. It was strapped in tightly enough not to fall out and slid out easily enough for her movements to be slick. Hermione poured herself a glass of water and downed it in quick gulps. She needed something stronger than that.“Do you feel like dancing?” Hermione asked, walking out of the bathroom.“Are you sure that it’s something you want to do right now?” Draco asked from the armchair.“Yes. I just want to get over this and forget.” She nodded.As they approached the ballroom Hermione paused. “Go ahead and choose the music. I’ll be back in a minute.”Draco arched his brow but obeyed. As soon as he disappeared behind the doors, Hermione raced to the library. She opened a small wooden cabinet and took out a bottle of Firewhiskey. Hermione eyed a glass for a moment before unscrewing the lid. It wouldn’t be necessary. She drank almost half of the bottle in under a minute. Coughing, she chewed on lime, which was always cut and ready to serve by the house-elves. Hermione paused, feeling the burning heat spread through her guts, and rushed back to the ballroom.He was waiting patiently for her there, still wearing the suit from their dinner. She slowly walked up to him, grimacing from how the cold floor felt against her bare feet.“Which song would you like?” He asked.“You choose. I want to hear your favorite.”“I haven’t listened to all of them yet, but I suppose you’ll like this one.”Hermione let out a shaky breath. Something about what he just said caught her off-guard. He hadn’t even finished listening to his records. She shook her head, filling light dizziness to her movements. A moment later the record player burst with sounds. It wasn’t something that Hermione expected. The music was too fast for Draco’s liking.He stretched out his hand, inviting her.
  I’m so sorry
Hermione took his hand and was carried away instantly. They quickly waltzed across the ballroom. At one point, she gathered enough courage to look into his eyes. Hermione felt transparent the moment their eyes met. She shivered and spun away from his dark silver eyes, away from his stare. Draco pulled her back as if forcing to look at him. Her heart was racing, fueled by adrenaline and alcohol. Her thoughts were scattered. She kept running from one decision to the other. Getting enough courage and losing it the next moment. It was purgatory that lasted a few minutes but felt like an eternity. Hermione almost lost her balance when Draco bent down, holding her back only a few feet from the ground. Her hand instinctively raced to the dagger strapped to her leg to prevent it from falling out. As soon as she had a grip on it, Draco pulled her back up. Her hand jerked up, still holding the weapon. She panicked, placing the hand on his back. Hermione knew that it was just a split second, that he didn’t have enough time to notice. Yet, her heart was about to rip through her ribcage. She held the cold metal as far away from his back as she could as they spun. Hermione was screaming inside, knowing that the final was approaching. Still, she didn’t allow any emotion on her face. She didn’t want him to know what was going to happen. She didn’t want him to have enough time to understand. Hermione tightened her grip on the dagger as the dance came to an end. They stood holding each other. His hands on her waist and back, hers pointing the tip of the blade at his back.Hermione looked into his loving eyes for the last time. She didn’t want to watch life slowly fade away from them. She closed her eyes, ready for the swing.
  No, no, fuck, no.

  I can’t.

  I have to open my eyes.
She turned away, seconds from striking, and opened her eyes. Her hand froze midway. Hermione was looking at their reflection in one of the mirrors and so was Draco. He was still, his expression calm and contained. She felt her body go limp, as it set aflame. There was a loud clatter when metal collided with marble that echoed through the suddenly silent room. Hermione stumbled away from him. Her eyes raced from the dagger on the floor to her hands and to Draco’s face.“No, no.” She whispered horrified, covering her mouth.Hermione slowly backed away from Draco.“Why didn’t you do it?” He asked angrily.She stepped on the hem of her skirt and fell. Draco took a step forward to help her get up.“No, don’t touch me!” Hermione moved away.A whimper escaped from her throat.“Why didn’t you do it?” She repeated his words hysterically. “Why didn’t I do it?!”“Take a seat. We can talk about this.” Draco continued calmly.Hermione rose slowly. “Are you out of your mind? Talk about what?”She studied him, not believing what she saw and heard.“I just tried to-“ Her words drowned in tears.Draco moved closer to her. Hermione stepped back.“Stop it. Let’s talk about this like grown people.”“What is wrong with you?” Her voice trembled. “You knew.” Nothing made sense. She needed to focus. She needed to think. Draco walked up to her and reached for her arm. Hermione turned around and ran out of the room. Her footsteps echoed through the dark halls as she ran for her life. Draco’s voice followed her. She wasn’t sure whether he was chasing her or if it was all in her head, but she didn’t dare to stop and check. Hermione opened the door that led to the gardens and sprinted to the apparition point. She froze, seeing Draco’s figure in the distance. Hermione made a quick turn and started to run in the opposite direction. The bushes in the garden caught onto her dress and hair but she tore through without stopping. She was out of breath when she reached the edge of the Manor’s grounds.One second later, and she was already in a completely different place. Hermione panted, sitting down on the bench in the Burrow’s garden. She watched the dark windows without a single sign of life. Good. She wasn’t planning on being seen. A few minutes later her body began to cool down and thoughts began to gather. Hermione looked at her feet, only now noticing that she was running around barefoot and that the bottom of her dress was covered in mud. The picture of what just happened ran through her mind. She sat silently, looking at the ground, her mind empty except for flashbacks of tonight. Something twisted in her stomach and a moment later Hermione was bending over and throwing up.She wiped her mouth and leaned back on the bench. This was rock bottom. She was alone, without a wand, and ordered not to contact anyone. Hermione looked up at the sky, watching the stars.
  Turns out it wasn’t the last time, huh?
She chuckled at her own joke. Then her eyes slid down to the ring on her finger. If only everything was as simple as that. She sat there for a while until the dizziness passed, and the cold air refreshed her thoughts.
  He knew.

  How long? Why didn’t he tell me?
Hermione sighed, spinning the ring on her finger. There was only one person that could answer her questions.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, ‘It might have been.’ -
  
    John Greenleaf Whittier
  
 Hermione was shaking from cold and fear when she stepped inside of the Manor once more. She left the Burrow the moment dew began to appear on grass. Hermione didn’t want to risk getting caught or waste any more time sitting and doing nothing. The Order was probably already aware of her failed attempt at assassination. She didn’t care. The only reason she came back was a single question spinning in her head.
  Why?
She knew that Draco was already aware of her presence on the grounds, but the Manor greeted her with silence. Hermione stood in the middle of a hall. Empty, except for the grand staircase, countless statues, a small table with a vase on it, and a mirror on the wall. Hermione caught a glimpse of her reflection in it. Her hair was a mess, just as bad as the torn muddy dress and bare feet that were dirty from running outside. She fished out a dry leaf from her hair and placed it on the table.Hermione was about to go look for Draco when he appeared at the top of the staircase. She let out a shaky breath as he slowly approached without saying a single word.“Can we talk?” Hermione asked carefully.“You want to talk now?” His voice was sharp and heartless.She bit the inside of her cheek, not knowing what to say. He reached for something in his back pocket. For a moment she thought that it would be the dagger. But it wasn’t. It was so much worse.“Can you tell me what the fuck this is?” Draco slammed two letters on the table.Hermione gasped, feeling prickling in her eyes. She was so gathered, prepared for anything. But not this. She studied his face. Draco’s eyes were red, his hair and clothes were a mess. Even if he slept tonight, which she highly doubted, he did it without undressing. She looked at the crumpled pieces of parchment in his hand. Hermione never intended for Draco to read those while she was still alive.“Now you know everything.” Her voice was quiet. “I have no more secrets. Everything that happened to me in the past year is in these letters.”Draco sighed, tugging at his hair. “You were planning on killing yourself, Hermione.”“I was. I should’ve.”His eyes raced to her face, burning through her. Draco took a step forward, towering over her.“When will you get through that thick fucking skull of yours that you messed everything up?” He burst out.The vase went flying from the table and crashed into the wall. Hermione covered her face to escape the porcelain shower.“I messed everything up?” Hermione gasped. “You knew that I was ordered to kill you and didn’t do anything. You didn’t say a goddamn word to me! Do you know how hard it was for me?”“I didn’t say anything so that you’d do everything according to the original plan. And you managed to screw up everything even on your own. Oh, you screwed up royally.” Draco yelled.“According to plan?” Hermione asked sarcastically. “You had a death wish and lecture me about trying to find a way out of this? How long did you even know?”“I knew since the beginning.” He watched her reaction with a pleased expression on his face. “You see, in here things don’t work the way they do in the Order. We don’t hide our dirty laundry. Every single Death-Eater knew that the both of us are ordered to kill each other from the beginning.”“What?” Her voice trembled.“Do you think that only the Order was smart enough to want to kill a strong member of the opposing side? I knew everything and I volunteered.” Draco spat.Hermione felt her face go pale. “So, you wanted to kill me all along. Why didn’t you do it? Did you suddenly catch feelings and chicken out? Or do you still want to do it?”Draco chuckled. “Don’t flatter yourself. If I wanted you dead, you’d be dead. It was a suicide mission from the start. Now tell me, do you really think that a skilled Death-Eater can lose to some wild animal?”Hermione’s body shook as her mind raced to what she heard from Ginny when she woke up at St. Mungo’s. A wild animal or something like that. Her eyes slid back to Draco’s face as a whimper escaped from her throat.“You’re a smart girl. Tell me, what do you think actually happened to Marcus Flint? Or to be precise, who?” His voice went quieter.Hermione shook her head, refusing to believe. “No, you wouldn’t.”“But I did. I had to. You can call me a monster and I won’t protest. I deserve it. But if I left Marcus alive after what he did, you’d be in the cold ground by now.” Draco nailed down. “You think you’re such a Slytherin now for learning how to talk back to people. Truth is that if you were stuck with someone who wanted you dead for a year you wouldn’t make it. You wouldn’t even see it coming.”The slap echoed across the hall. Hermione silently watched Draco’s cheek get a pale shade of red. He didn’t do anything; his face didn’t even change expression. She felt like he was a complete stranger.“I deserve your hate. But you came to talk, so please listen to the end. You’ll want to know how I came up with the way out of this.” He continued. “I volunteered after getting rid of Marcus. Only because I knew that the person that they’d replace him with would be just as bad. He’d kill you too. I was the only one that didn’t want it to happen. I knew that our time would be limited. But a year is better than never. You’d kill me by the end of it and everything would be perfect. The Order would be glad, you’d stay alive and to hell with the rest.”“But I didn’t.” Hermione finished.Draco’s expression hardened once again. “You didn’t. You thought that killing yourself and leaving me with a piece of paper was better.”“What else was I supposed to do? Kill you? Do you even have the slightest idea what it felt like?” Her voice trembled from anger and pain. “I love you Draco. I can’t harm you.”He dived into his pocket and took out her wand.“Take it and end this. You get to live, and I don’t. End of story.” Draco ordered.Hermione pulled the wand out of his hands and threw it on the table.“Did you not hear what I just said? I’m not killing you Draco.”“What about the innocent people? What about your orders?”“I don’t care!” She yelled, tears streaming down her face. “Why do act like you want to die?”“Because I don’t care. Life is just a very long walk before eternal sleep. I’m not afraid of death. Don’t make me do it myself. Let me die in your arms.”“Listen to me! No one is going to die. We will get out of this, I promise. I just need some time and your help…Please.” Hermione begged.“We don’t have any time left.” Draco smiled, crossing his hands behind his back.Hermione paused, sensing something strange in his face. She caught his hand inches away from his chest. He was holding the same dagger in his hand. Hermione struggled to keep his hand away as Draco pushed the blade towards his chest.“Please, don’t. I’m begging you. Don’t do this.” She cried. “If you’ve ever loved me, please stop.”Draco’s hand trembled, allowing her to rip the dagger out of his grip. Hermione threw it to the opposite side of the room, sniffing.“I’m sorry,” Draco whispered before leaning against the wall. “But my plans are foolproof.”Hermione felt anger bubble up inside of her as she raced to him.“Foolproof? What are you talking about?” She looked at his hands but he didn’t look like he was about to reach into his pockets.He looked like he was resting. His stone-cold mask fell off, revealing hurt and exhausted Draco.“What are you talking about?” She repeated. “Answer me.”“Our love was never free. Forever comes with limits. You should have understood that by now.” He smiled.At that moment she knew. All of this was just one big act. He was trying to scare her off, to make her hate him. And that could only be for one reason. So that it would be easier for her to let go of him.“Every story has a happy end.” She tried to convince him. “Everything is so bad because this isn’t the end. There aren’t any unsolvable situations. If you think so it just means that you don’t like the way out of them. Stop this nonsense and we can think of something together.”“It means that I’ve already made a choice.” Draco ran his fingers through a strand of her hair.Hermione let out a wounded breath. He wasn’t going to say anything. Why won’t he say anything? She pushed him in the chest.“Speak to me!” Her fists rained down on his torso as she cried out. “Tell me what’s going on!”Draco silently watched Hermione take out her anger and frustration on him.“Say something, you piece of shit!” Half of her words drowned in whimpers. “Don’t leave me alone!”Her punches started to get weaker and weaker. After some time, Hermione was barely even touching him or saying anything. She just sobbed, not wanting to let go. She couldn’t give up on him so easily after all that they’ve been through. Draco pulled her into an embrace, caressing her with his hands.“Shh, it will be over soon. I promise that you’ll be happy.” He whispered.Hermione shook her head, wetting his shirt with tears. “I won’t be.”“Believe me, you will. You will live a long and happy life. The pain goes away, it will all fade. You’ll forget me eventually and I truly hope you do. M’amour, ma mort.” Draco gently pulled her away before planting a kiss on her cheek. “Nothing lasts forever. Thank you for the best year of my life. I hope you’ll forgive me someday.”Hermione’s eyes scanned his body, trying to catch any movement. But Draco was still as if waiting for something. She felt all her insides turn when she looked into his eyes. How could she ever forget a sight like that? This mixture of love and tears would haunt her forever.Her heart went racing as she heard the doors of the Manor swing open. She flew to the table with her wand as two pairs of footsteps quickly approached. Hermione gripped the wand in her hand and looked at Draco. Whoever was approaching, he wasn’t planning on defending himself. She walked up to Draco, trying to shield him with her body. Hermione looked at him, she didn’t know how this would end. He could die, both of them could die or she might actually stand a chance.“Let her go. This ends now.”Hermione felt as if she jumped off a cliff and hadn’t hit the ground yet. She didn’t have to look to know who it was. Yet, she slowly turned around, confirming her worst thoughts.“We know everything,” Harry said. “If we knew that you were held captive for a year, we’d come sooner.”“Get the hell away from her, you bastard,” Ron warned, pointing his wand.Hermione panickily looked at Draco only to see him raise his hands and take a step away from the wall.“No.” She protested.“What are you talking about?” Ron asked confused. “Get over here, Hermione. We came here to save you.”“I said no. I don’t need to be saved. I’m not in any danger.”“Ron, I think he might’ve done something to her.” Harry lowered his voice but wasn’t quiet enough to not be heard.Hermione felt her body being jerked. A second later Draco’s hand was on her neck.“One quick movement and I’ll snap her neck. Aren’t you going to do something?” He spat.“Don’t-“Draco covered Hermione’s mouth before she could finish.A bright light escaped from the tip of Harry’s wand. Hermione swung her wand, causing the spell to fly into the mirror, shattering it into small pieces. The distraction worked. She bit down on Draco’s hand and pushed him away, while everyone tried to escape fragments of the shattered mirror. Hermione took a step forward, tensing up, ready to attack.“You’re right Harry. He’s got her under some sort of spell.”“Then there’s only one way to fix this.”Two blinding lights flew in Hermione’s direction. She sent the stunners into the wall. In a matter of seconds, the room was filled with flashing lights. She barely had time to deal with what was sent in her and Draco’s direction before Harry and Ron threw more stunners at them. Hermione knew that this wouldn’t go on for long. There were two of them against her and she didn’t even have time to cast anything herself. Sooner or later, she’d get tired, and they’d get to Draco. The thought kept her going. Harry’s aim got worse and worse by the minute. She wasn’t the only one running out of strength. Hermione dodged a stunner from Ron and sent one in Harry’s direction. The spell reached its aim. Harry fell on the floor, frozen. Dealing with Ron would be easier, she didn’t expect him to be the last one standing. Hermione prepared to send his stunner ricocheting off the walls when he did something unexpected. Ron turned slightly to the right, muttering something angrily under his breath. A white light escaped from his wand, but it didn’t go in Hermione’s direction. There was a muffled thud behind her. Time suddenly seemed to slow down. Ron’s face gained a frightened expression as Hermione turned around, her heart about to rip through her ribcage.Draco was lying on the floor without movement, a pool of blood quickly spreading beneath him. Hermione ran to him, knowing that she was too slow. Ron stood frozen with a pale face. She landed on her knees next to Draco’s body. Her hands took his palm, unnaturally limp.“What did you do?!” She screamed in a scary voice.“I-I wanted to cast Sectumsempra but I... I think I pronounced it wrong.”“No,no,no,no.” She babbled. “You can’t die.”Tears clouded her vision as she muttered healing spells. Hermione felt wounds under her hands reopening moments after she closed them. Draco was right. His plans really were foolproof. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The way sadness works is one of the strange riddles of the world. If you are stricken with great sadness, you may feel as if you have been set aflame, not only because of the enormous pain but also because your sadness may spread over your life, like smoke from an enormous fire. -Lemony Snicket
The door into the room opened, revealing Harry. Hermione didn’t speak or see Ron since they had to carry Draco into the bedroom. Hermione wasn’t particularly happy with Harry either, but he did so much to help, and she was so tired that she refrained from arguing. There was an unspoken truce between them for now. She was angry and scared, she wanted revenge. But not now. Her entire focus was on Draco lying in bed.“Hermione, you should really get some sleep. You’ve been at his bed for hours.” He set down a cup of tea on the bedside table.“What if his wounds reopen while I’m asleep? I can’t risk it. I’m fine.”Harry shifted his weight awkwardly before sitting on a chair next to her.“Do you realize that there’s a chance he won’t wake up?”“You’re not making this easier,” Hermione muttered.“I’m sorry. I just want you to be prepared for anything.”“You and Ron prepared me well enough.” She snapped.“I know. It was wrong and poorly thought through. We were just scared for you.” Harry went silent, thinking of what to say.Hermione’s eyes slid back to Draco’s face. He looked like a marble statue. Static, pale, and cold. She felt pinching in her eyes, but no tears came out.“Hermione, please take a nap. I’ll watch him. If something happens, I’ll wake you up immediately.”She eyed him suspiciously, but Harry seemed sincere about it.“Don’t let Ron come in and don’t leave Draco’s side. He can wake up at any moment.” She sighed, looking at the clock. “Wake me up in two hours.”Harry nodded, handing her the cup. Hermione reluctantly took a sip of herbal tea before setting it down and walking over to a sofa in the corner of the room. She curled up into a ball under a thin blanket, her eyes not leaving Draco for a moment. As soon as her head touched the pillow exhaustion rolled over her and she fell asleep.
  Earlier that day
“Why are you saving him?” Ron asked carefully after a while.Hermione didn’t stop to answer, ripping Draco’s shirt open. Her hands were trembling as she worked with the buttons. With the corner of her mind, she registered shuffling behind her.“What happened?” Asked Harry’s voice.The healing spells that she used only helped for a short while. Then his wounds reopened once again. Hermione damned her memory while trying every spell that she remembered.“I think I just made a mistake,” Ron answered.Spells were not enough, she needed potions, but she couldn’t leave his side to wander off to the opposite side of the house. Hermione’s body jerked as she felt a hand on her shoulder.“Hermione, what’s going on?” Harry’s voice was scared.“Leave me alone.” She spat.“I want to help. Please?”Hermione paused for a second, knowing that she couldn’t trust Ron to be left in the same room as Draco. But she needed the potions. He wouldn’t last long without them. Hermione swore under her breath and turned to Harry. She quickly named the spells he needed to perform and the timings in between them.“Anything that happens to him will happen to you,” Hermione warned Ron before storming off.Her legs carried her mechanically to Lucius’s potion room. She’d never been inside before but knew that this was the only room in the house that could contain what she needed. Hermione searched the dusty shelves. Her vision was blurry, forcing her to spend more time trying to read labels. At last, she found what she needed. Hermione grabbed a dark purple and a scarlet red bottle before rushing out of the room. She stumbled into the room to see both Harry and Ron over Draco’s body.“Get away from him!” She yelled at Ron, dropping on the floor.He jumped away as if struck by lightning. Hermione examined Draco’s torso. The wounds closed but it was only temporary. She looked at her dirty dress and sighed. It wouldn’t do.“Harry, you can stop now. Ron, come here.”“Are you sure?” Weasley asked weakly.“Now,” Hermione ordered. “Stretch out your hand.”She inspected his sleeves and after finding them clean enough tore a wide strip off. Ron let out a surprised noise, stepping back. Hermione tore the strip in half and popped open the bottle containing dark purple liquid. She wet the cloth with a wound-cleaning potion and sat waiting.“Uh-his cuts are opening up. Should I do something?” Harry’s tone was unsure.Hermione shook her head, restraining herself from any actions. She waited until blood started appearing before beginning to clean the wounds. Her hands were steady and fast as she tapped her wand, watching the cuts close once more. If this wouldn’t help, she had no other solutions. Hermione bit down on her lip, trying to hold tears back as she opened the bottle with a blood-replenishing potion. She placed two fingers at the bottom of his neck, checking for a pulse.“Merlin, I just killed somebody.” Ron whimpered from the corner of the room.Hermione swore, readjusting her fingers. She had to wait for a while before sensing a weak beat under her fingertips.“Hold his head.” She asked Harry.Hermione debated whether she was doing the right thing or not as she watched Harry shift his position to readjust Draco’s head. His swallowing reflexes should still work unless he’s too far gone. Then the potion would make him choke.“Please don’t die, please don’t die.” She whispered, pouring the bright-red liquid in his mouth.Hermione let out a sigh when she saw his throat move.“It worked.” Stated Harry.She repeated the action a few more times. Hermione was too scared to give him a large dose, so each time she used only a few drops.“What should I do next?”Hermione sighed. “I have no idea.”“To me, it looks like we did everything in our power,” Harry said.“Why isn’t he waking up then?” Hermione panicked.“I’m sure he just needs some rest.”“Yes, yes, you’re right.” She nodded. “Can you help me carry him upstairs? I don’t want to use magic on him right now.”“I can help.” Ron volunteered.“You’ve already done enough.” She hissed.“You won’t be able to carry him without me. Please let me help. I won’t do anything to him.”“He’s right. We won’t be able to carry him up that staircase.” Harry agreed.Hermione eyed Ron cautiously. She didn’t have another choice. She doubted that he would do anything in her presence, but it still worried her.“Be careful with him.” She asked, watching the boys lift up Draco.The route to their bedroom took longer than expected but at last, they arrived. Hermione sat down on the bed next to Draco to examine him. The wounds seemed to stay shut. She truly did everything that she was capable of. She covered him with a blanket and moved an armchair to his bed. The moment she sat down; Hermione felt as if a boulder fell on her shoulders. She didn’t sleep or eat for more than a day, was under the most stress she’d ever been, and was now facing the possibility of losing her love. She took his unusually cold hand, trying to warm it between her palms.“Can we do anything else?” Harry asked.Hermione shook her head without looking at him.“Now that we’ve done all this, could you care to explain why you just saved a life of a Death-Eater that wanted to kill you?” Ron demanded.“Just get out.” Hermione threw a glance full of hatred at him.  Hermione felt her body being shaken. She instantly rose from the sofa, seeing Harry’s worried face in front of her.“What happened?” She asked, looking at the dawning sun. “How long have I been asleep?”“I didn’t want to wake you up. Nothing happened until now. Draco-“Hermione pushed Harry to the side, running to the bed. It couldn’t be true. Not after all she’s done. She dropped on the chair next to the bed, refusing to believe it. A whimper escaped from her throat when she saw his eyelids flutter. He wasn’t dead. Harry woke her up to tell her that Draco was getting better. His eyes slowly opened. She didn’t know how much she missed dark silver until she saw it once more. Hermione felt a tear roll down her cheek as Draco’s gaze slowly focused on her.“You scared me.” She whispered. “Don’t you dare ever do something like that again.”“I’ll leave you two,” Harry said as he was shutting the door.Hermione’s eyes ran over Draco’s face that gained life once again.“I love you.” He said in a raspy voice.“I love you too.”“Then why are you crying?”Hermione chuckled as she wiped her tears. “I’ll talk to you about it later. You need to save your strength.”“So, you’re not mad at me any longer?”“Oh, I'm mad at you. But I can’t say anything until you get better. I’ll wait” She promised, picking up a cotton ball and a vial of potion from the table.“What is that?”“Murtlap essence. It will speed up the recovery. I used it on my scars.” Hermione explained as she wet the cotton.She lowered the blanket, revealing wide red strips on his torso.“It might feel a bit cold the first few times.” She warned.Draco grimaced when the potion contacted his skin. Hermione worked as fast as she could. When she finished, she carefully wrapped him in bandages and added a few dabs of the potion on top of them.“You should get some sleep. You’re still very weak” Hermione asked.“I don’t care.” Draco protested, stretching out his hand to her face.Hermione leaned in, obeying.“You’ll have to help me out a bit more.” He chuckled.She leaned in closer as Draco slid his hand across her cheek before kissing her lightly. The rest of the world melted into nothing. If she could, she’d stay like this forever. Under his spell once again. But he was too weak, she couldn’t let Draco exhaust himself.“Off to sleep now.” She commanded.“I just woke up.” Draco protested.“And you’re already wasting too much of your energy. If you want to get out of bed in the next few days, you’ll have to rest.”“Days? But we don’t have so much time.” He groaned.“I stopped caring about limited time a few hours ago. You should try it.” Hermione reached for her mug. “Do you want something to drink? I have only cold tea, but I can ask the house-elves to bring something else.”“No need. Cold tea is perfect.”She held the mug to Draco’s lips as he drank in slow gulps. Hermione opened another potion and brought it to his lips.“What’s that?”“It’ll help you sleep.”“You want me to take sleeping draught? It will knock me out for hours.” Draco complained. “Tell me what’s going on with Potter and Weasley. Why are they still here? I thought that they’d run back to the Order to tell who they managed to kill.”“No more questions. In case you forgot I’m still mad at you. Drink the potion and go to sleep.” Hermione commanded.Draco rolled his eyes but took a few sips of the sleeping draught. She sat with him until Draco fell asleep. Hermione watched his peaceful expression for a while before entering the bathroom. She quickly showered and threw on fresh clothes. It refreshed her and added some strength.She spent quite some time searching for the boys in the Manor. At last, Hermione found them in one of the tea-rooms, talking in worried whispers. She cleared her throat, gaining their attention.“Hermione, can I talk to you?” Ron almost jumped from his seat.“Not now. First I want a full detailed explanation from both of you.” She said, lowering into an armchair.“Can we get something to eat first? Don’t mean to be rude but we hadn’t had anything for quite a while,” Harry asked.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione set her plate aside, watching the boys finish their meals. Dozens of questions were spinning in her head, as she struggled to choose which one to ask first. Her eyes slid to the clock on the wall. It was nine in the evening.“I want to hear everything from the beginning to the end.” She said once everyone was done eating.“Well, it’s a long story…” Harry started.“We have time,” Hermione answered.Harry cleared his throat before speaking again. “First we were taken to a safe house. Don’t ask where. We both have no idea. Kingsley told us that a truce was signed but the situation was too unstable for us.”“Did he tell you the terms of it?” Hermione raised a brow.“No, we were just told that since Voldemort can’t reach Harry they had to compromise. We didn’t know about the arranged marriage. We thought that it was just you.” Ron answered this time.“Do you really think of me that low?” Hermione scoffed, seeing Flint’s face in her head.“We didn’t know what to think. We were isolated, we started getting the Prophet only after a while. Besides, it was outdated by the time it got to us.” Harry explained.“You’ve known me for years. I fought by your side; we went on a search for Horcruxes. Merlin, I was your friend.” She sighed. “Do you think that I would date or marry a Death-Eater by choice after all that?”“I sure saw you saving one.” Ron interrupted. “Don’t you think you owe us an explanation too?”“You almost killed him, Ron. What was I supposed to do? Stand and watch?” Hermione burst out.“We both know that you didn’t do it out of decency and high morals. You clearly have feelings for him.” He snapped.“He’s my husband.”“He’s your fake husband.”The tension in the room could’ve been cut with a knife. Harry watched them with a worried expression.“Can you stop for a moment? In case you forgot, there are probably lots of people searching for us right now. And Malfoy’s scary reputation won’t stop them for much longer. The Order and the Death-Eaters could show up here any minute now.” Harry reasoned. “So, could you be so kind and stop arguing? We don’t have that much time.”Ron huffed, knowing that Harry was right, and leaned back in his armchair as Hermione watched angrily. A lynx made of light jumped into the room out of thin air and raced to her. The Patronus stopped right at Hermione’s feet and spoke in Kingsley’s voice.“What’s going on Hermione? Where are you? Is Draco still alive?”It vanished right after finishing the sentences. Hermione raised her gaze, knowing that all eyes in the room were on her.Ron let out a small chuckle. “Is Draco still alive? They want him dead, don’t they? And they want you to do it.”“I have to answer this or he’ll show up here.” She said, rising from her seat.“Yes, by all means, go ahead.” Ron continued.“Stop it. We won’t get anywhere if the two of you will continue playing cats and dogs.” Harry shushed.Hermione took out her wand and closed her eyes. The scene of Draco opening his eyes after she thought he was dead came to her mind. The memory was bitter-sweet, and yet a smile formed on her lips.“Expecto Patronum.” She whispered, moving her wand. “Change of plans. He’s still alive. I need more time.”Hermione watched an otter race to the other side of the room before jumping into a wall and disappearing.She sighed, returning to her seat. “This ought to buy us some time.”“Let me guess, you’re not planning on killing him.” Ron teased.“No, I am not. I bet this raises many questions and you can ask all of them as soon as you finish explaining yourself.” She crossed her hands.“Where was I?” Harry chimed in, trying to release the tension. “We were relocated outside of England after some time. Once again, no explanation.”“It was because of me. I told Kingsley that the Death-Eaters were close to discovering your hiding place. Where did he move you to?”“I still don’t know where exactly we were, but it was far away. It was a tropical island of some sort. It was deserted except for two houses. One was ours and the other one was taken up by the members that were researching removal of the Horcrux in me.”“How did it go? Is it still…” Hermione started.“No, it’s gone.” Harry waved his hands. “I don’t know what exactly they did to me. I was out the entire time but I’m sure it’s gone. I feel different.”She sighed, relieved. One of their biggest problems was solved. Getting to that crappy snake would be hard but not impossible to do. Hermione wasn’t sure what she would do if the Horcrux would be still in Harry. She walked up to him and hugged Harry. A lot of things happened in the past year, but she was still happy for him.“I’m glad that you’re okay.” She smiled.“Thanks, I was starting to get tired of the constant nightmares.” He chuckled lightly.“What happened after that?” Hermione continued.“Nothing much, honestly. We just sat waiting for a month or so. Wrote a couple of letters to Ginny.” Harry shifted in his seat.“Right, the letters.” She nodded.“I’m sorry for everything that we’ve said about you. We were clueless.” He apologized, realizing what him mentioning the letters meant to her.“It’s fine. We have bigger problems at stake.” Hermione brushed it off.Deep inside she knew that it wasn’t nothing. But for the sake of Draco’s life, for all their lives, she was willing to compromise. At least for now.“We were brought back to Grimmauld place three days ago. Most of the Order is based there. It’s practically the headquarters now. That’s when we found out what was truly going on with you.”“Yeah, we read your letters to Kingsley and asked around. Everyone told us that you were a traitor for marrying a Death-Eater. If you think that the Prophet, did you dirty just wait until you hear what Shacklebolt said about you. He practically brainwashed everyone into hating you. Surprising that Ginny didn’t fall for it.” Ron continued. “We added two and two together and planned an escape mission. Then we got here and well, you know the rest.”“How is Ginny? Is she alright?” Harry asked, nervously.“I haven’t seen her for a few weeks. But the last time we met she seemed okay. She misses both of you a lot.”Harry sighed, tapping his fingers on the armrest of his chair. Hermione knew the look he had on his face too well. It was the same expression that she witnessed on Ginny’s whenever they spoke about the boys.“What about you? I couldn’t really piece together the fact why you swapped Flint with Malfoy suddenly. It wasn’t in any of the letters.” Harry asked.Hermione tensed, knowing that she wouldn’t be able to simply glaze over what happened to Flint. She sighed, ready to relieve one of the scariest nights of her life. This time she was going to be honest, no wild animals, no deaths out of nowhere. Hermione had nothing to lose and a part of her wanted to see Ron’s reaction. She wanted to see the look on his face when he realizes that while he was writing those horrible letters while she was on the edge of death. That she owes her life to the person he despises so much. By the time she finished talking the boys faces had a paler shade. They didn’t interrupt once, listening carefully.“I’m so sorry. I had no idea what happened to you while we were away. I thought that you were just spending the money of the richest guys that you could find. But this… This is horrible.” Ron muttered apologetically. “I feel terrible for writing those things about you.”It wasn’t the reaction Hermione expected. She knew that he wasn’t cold-hearted enough to say she deserved it. He’d probably apologize reluctantly and move on. But Ron seemed sincere about it. Perhaps, she could tolerate his company until they’re out of this mess. Hermione went on with her story, briefly speaking of Draco and mostly focusing on the information she gathered.“I don’t understand. How did you find all this?” Ron said in a confused tone.“I wasn’t sure until now, but I think Draco planted those letters for me.” She fidgeted with the ring on her finger.“Is that your wedding ring?” Ron asked out of nowhere.She tensed before nodding, expecting it to be another trap. An excuse for Ron to say something rude and disrespectful to her.“Looks nice.” He muttered a tad too forced.She wasn’t the only one making an effort.“Now that we’ve got this all sorted out can we get back to the issue? All of us clearly don’t want to do anything with the Order while Kingsley is there, Voldemort is still alive and there’s still one Horcrux to go.” Harry gained their attention. “Does anyone have a plan?”He looked at Hermione trustingly. Their friendship was slowly beginning to repair itself. Even if it was just a parody of the past.“We can overthrow Kingsley and tell everyone what actually happened.” Ron offered.“Sorry, not happening.” Hermione shook her shoulders.“What? Why? He practically held us captive for a year and forced you into an arranged marriage. Even if it was all for a bigger cause it doesn’t excuse him.” Ron protested.“That’s not the reason. Everyone in the Great Hall swore to never speak of what happened except to the ones present there. On top of that, they erased the memory of all the girls from the Order, that is including Ginny.” Hermione watched the boys tense up as she spoke about Ginny. “We have no one to back up our words. And I’m sorry to say this but not a lot of people will believe someone who’s been away an entire year. I’m not even speaking of me. It’s too dangerous. Kingsley might capture and lock you away until he’s done with his plans.”“I suppose you have a better idea,” Harry stated.“I do. We don’t go to the Order. It’s too many people and it’s too risky. We do it ourselves. Just like old times.” Hermione answered.“Except Malfoy will be joining us.” Ron couldn’t hold back a sour face.“And Ginny, if you don’t mind.” She continued.“Really?” Harry’s face lit up.“Sure, I’ll sneak her in. It won’t be a problem.”“So, what is this genius plan of yours?” Ron asked.“I just need a few more details from Draco to be sure.” Hermione looked to the side. “We’ll discuss it in the morning if you don’t mind.”The boys sighed in unison.“We don’t have until morning.” Harry started.“If you help me, we will.” She stopped him. They were standing on the edge of the grounds in the darkness, pointing their wands downwards.“Are you sure that this will work?” Ron doubted.“It already worked when we were staying in the tent. This is just a slightly bigger territory to isolate, so I’ll need your help. We’ll be invisible and impossible to hear to anyone outside.” Hermione reassured.She looked back at the blooming rose garden. They’ll have to do something about the flowers. Last time that she used the spell it almost gave her away because of her perfume. The scent could still travel freely to the other side of the border. A whole garden on a windy day would be a problem.“Alright, on the count of three.” Harry shifted his weight.They chanted the spell and began their tour of the grounds. They’d have to walk the entire perimeter to secure the grounds. The walk itself would be exhausting, let alone using so much of their powers. Hermione decided to deal with the garden tomorrow.By the time she crawled into the bedroom, her legs were beginning to refuse to carry her any longer. The Malfoy Manor surely was giant. Hermione looked at the peacefully sleeping Draco. Everything was going to be alright. She’ll make sure of it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The next day
Hermione shifted in bed and reached for Draco. Her eyes shot open when her hand hit the mattress. He was gone. She raced to the bathroom only to see that he wasn’t there too.
  If it’s another plan of his, I’ll kill him.

  This time for sure.
Hermione huffed, as she ran down the staircase. She looked around, trying to guess where he went. The Manor was too massive to go into each room.
  The Death-Eater army could be hiding in this house, and no one would know.
At last, her ears detected Ron’s voice coming from the dining room. Maybe he’d seen Draco. Hermione pushed the doors only to see an unexpected sight. Draco was sitting at the table, peacefully discussing something with Harry and Ron. All heads turned to face Hermione. She wasn’t sure whether it was because of the sound of an opening door or her jaw dropping to the floor.“Good morning, we’ve been waiting for you.” Gestured Harry.“Draco, what on earth are you doing out of bed?” Hermione panicked.“I feel better.” He shrugged his shoulders. “We were just talking about ways to get Ginny here.”Hermione eyed Draco suspiciously, making a mental note to talk to him about it later. She was halfway done with her food before he spoke again.“What you did yesterday with the house is great. It’s not a guarantee that no one will ever find us, but it does make the job a lot harder.” Draco continued, as Hermione sat down. “I’m going to strengthen the protection after breakfast, and we should be all good.”“Absolutely not. You’re not even supposed to be out of bed, let alone using complicated spells.” She protested.There was a pause, as Draco was struggled to answer, while the boys pretended that the omelet on their plates was suddenly the most curious thing.“How long am I supposed to do nothing?” He breathed out.“I don’t know. How are the wounds going? You’ve been practically dead not a while ago.” Hermione said sarcastically.Draco tensed and sighed, looking at her. “Fine. If someone else does it for me, then I won’t. Except I doubt that anyone here has restored enough energy to do that again right now.”“Perfect. I’m going to go get Ginny soon. I’m sure she can do it.” Hermione smiled. “In fact, I think I’ll do it right now.”She began standing up when Harry’s voice stopped her.“Uh- Hermione? You still hadn’t said a word about the plan.”“I’ll explain when I get back.”She walked out at a pace that was slightly fast for someone trying to be calm and contained. Of course, she was happy that no one tried to kill each other on their second day. But the fact that Draco behaved so carelessly towards his health bothered her. Hermione still didn’t get the chance to talk to him properly and Draco was already giving her new topics to raise a few questions about.She changed into simple clothes and took her bottomless bag with her. It was supposed to be a fast trip and Hermione didn’t want to burden them with carrying bags. She tossed the Invisibility cloak, which Harry gave her earlier, into the bag. To her surprise, the boys managed to bring quite a few useful items with them. After debating for a little, Hermione decided that apparating would be better than stepping out of a chimney in the middle of the Weasley house. At least not when she didn’t want to be seen.Hermione turned her head to see Draco walk into their bedroom.“I would make you stay at home if you weren’t the only person that can step out of here without getting killed instantly.”“I doubt that I’d listen to you anyway.” She said, picking up her wand.“Are you mad because I didn’t want to lay in bed for another twenty-four hours?”“No, Draco, that’s not why I’m mad,” Hermione said walking up to him.She lifted his T-shirt, revealing bright-red marks across his torso. They were no longer wounds, thanks to her constant care. But Hermione knew that they’d scar, just as well as she knew that there was no way he fully recovered after a day of sleeping it off.“I’m mad at you for bringing this onto yourself. And I’m mad that even after almost dying you still don’t take it seriously.”She let go of his T-shirt and walked out of the room. 
  Later that day
The Burrow seemed to be living its normal life. Molly was gardening, while Arthur was reading a newspaper. The rest of the family was probably inside. At least, that’s what Hermione concluded after sitting in the bushes for a few minutes. There was a quiet rustle as she took out the cloak and put it on herself. Hermione stood up, checking whether her feet were visible. She gained some height since the last time she used it, but it was still fully covering her. She made her way through the garden, making sure that Arthur and Molly were still in their places. Hermione carefully opened the door, worried that someone might see her. All clear once again. She raced up the staircase, trying to make as little noise as possible, and opened the door into Ginny’s room.She was fully succumbed to writing something in a notebook, so a carefully opened door didn’t attract any of her attention. Ginny’s head turned only when she heard a faint click of the lock on her door. Hermione dropped the cloak to the floor, revealing herself.“Hermione? What are you doing here?” Her eyes widened. “And why are you wearing Harry’s cloak?”A second later there was understanding in Ginny’s eyes. She jumped from the bed and raced to Hermione.“Where is he?”“Please be quiet. No one can know that I’m here.” Hermione tried to calm her down. “Both Harry and Ron are perfectly safe. I’m here to take you to them. Take only what you really need and do it fast.”She tossed the bottomless bag on the bed before sitting down.Ginny studied her for a moment before opening her drawer. “Where are you taking me?”“The Manor. I don’t know how long we’ll be there. A few days at least.” Hermione spoke quietly. “A lot of things could happen, so leave a letter.”Ginny froze midway with a pile of clothes in her hands. “What do you mean? What can happen?”Hermione swallowed slowly, realizing how little Ginny knew. To be fair, she knew nothing. The talk that they were going to have would be long and full of apologies. Exactly what she didn’t need right now.“I’ll explain everything when we get there.” Hermione sighed, not knowing what to do. “All that I can say is that by coming with me you’re putting yourself in danger. I completely understand if you’d rather stay home.”Ginny stuffed her clothes into the bag and picked up a piece of parchment. “I’ve been sitting here for months, waiting for Harry to come back. Do you really think that some danger will stop me from seeing him?”A few minutes later the door into Ginny’s abandoned room opened on its own, accompanied by the sound of footsteps. There was one less Weasley in the Burrow and one more apologetic letter left on Ginny’s bed. 
  The Malfoy Manor
“And then I came to the Burrow to take you…” Hermione finished her monologue without looking at Ginny.When she finally gathered enough courage, her gaze cautiously slid down to her friend’s face. Ginny was sitting without moving, her face a slightly lighter shade than it usually is. Harry caressed her shoulder silently as Ron watched her with a worried expression on his face. Draco was leaning against the wall and lazily chewing on a toothpick as if he wasn’t one of the key pieces in the story Hermione just told.“Say something, Gin,” Harry asked softly.“You all knew that something was happening and not a single person thought about telling me.” She wasn’t angry, she was disappointed.“I really wanted to tell you. I really did.” Hermione sighed.“I can understand Ron and Harry, their letters were probably read by Kingsley before sending. Screw it, we’re not best friends with Draco. But you…”“Gin…” Hermione started.“No, don’t excuse yourself now. I can keep a secret and you know it, Hermione. Nothing was stopping you from telling me in private.” Ginny burst out. “Fuck, I think I deserve to know that I was obliviated.”Hermione let out a gasp, knowing that she was right. Ginny stormed out of the library as Harry and Hermione followed her.“Not you.” Said Draco stopping her in the doorway. “She’ll come around.”Hermione tried to push him out of the way fruitlessly as she watched Harry’s back disappear behind a turn.“She’s not ready to talk to you yet.” Draco persisted. “What do you think about focusing on the issues that you can actually help solve?”She slowly backed down without breaking eye contact with him.“You are promising to tell us about your genius plan the second day in a row.” He said, biting down on the toothpick. “I’m sure Ron would love to hear it.”Hermione followed Draco’s gaze to see her friend visibly unfazed by their little interaction. She cleared her throat, only now realizing how close to Draco she was standing.“It’s not genius at all. In fact, it’s quite stupid and suicidal.” She began, walking to the table. “I don’t imagine anyone agreeing to this, but I don’t have any other ideas. So, if anyone has to say anything, go ahead.”Draco and Ron shook their heads, gesturing for her to go on.“I really think that we should be discussing this with Harry,” Hermione said, unsure.“Think of this as a test run of your plan. If you want Harry to agree to something, it’s best you practice on us beforehand.” Draco twirled the toothpick.Hermione looked away, finding it hard to concentrate while looking at him.“I say we ditch the Order and do it on our own. I know that our numbers are extremely small and…”“Hermione, if we wanted an explanation of why it’s a bad plan, we’d ask you.” Ron stopped her. “Please just tell what it is already.”She sighed, looking at him. “First we need to find out the location of Voldemort.”“I suppose that’s my job,” Draco said.“Then we find something to destroy the Horcrux and lure him out. Nagini is always with him, so it won’t be a problem. But we need a good reason for him to leave his hiding spot.”“And that must be Harry.” Ron finished.“I doubt that he’ll agree to it.” Hermione stopped, seeing the way she was being looked at. “We will divide into two groups. Some will be staying here, and the rest will be close to Harry to help in case anything goes wrong... Um- then one of us kills the snake with whatever we find, and we scatter.”“What about Voldemort?” Ron asked after a moment, still making a pause before his name out of habit.“We’ll leave it for another time. We can’t go against him now. We’re too weak and disorganized.” Hermione answered.“I’m in.” Draco shrugged his shoulders.Ron eyed him for a moment before straightening his posture. “Yeah, I’m in too.”“What did I miss?” Harry asked, walking through the door.“He’s going to like this.” Draco chuckled, walking back to his designated spot near the wall.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione tensed up, waiting for Harry’s reaction to her plan. She could see the worry on his face. After all these months of laying low and peace, they were going back to risking their lives daily. He nodded slowly, still processing the information.“I’ll do it,” Harry spoke at last.Hermione let out a sigh. She felt like they were standing at a crossroad for the past few days and chose a path at last. Only time will show whether they made the right decision. She felt the common sensation of responsibility on her shoulders. The lives of her friends were now in her hands.“What about Ginny?” Ron intervened. “We haven’t asked her yet.”“I doubt that she’ll agree to put Harry at such risk,” Draco commented.“I’ll do it anyway. I’ve been doing nothing for a year. If we don’t do anything now, we might as well surrender.”“Alright,” Hermione concluded. “Now we just wait for Draco to get the information and try to find something to destroy a Horcrux with.”“I’m not exactly familiar with the destruction of Horcruxes,” Draco said. “What sort of thing are you looking for?”“Uh-well, it can be a lot of things.” Hermione paused. “We definitely don’t have access to Godric’s sword. If we manage to sneak into Hogwarts there might be some basilisk venom left in the Chamber of secrets.”“No way, I’m sure that Hogwarts is being watched. It’s suicidal to even come close to it.” Ron protested.“Then we have nothing left,” Harry concluded.There was a loud swoosh as Draco apparated. Ron looked at the spot where he was standing a moment ago with a confused stare.“Where on earth did he just go?” He asked.“No idea,” Harry answered.The doors into the library opened, revealing Ginny. She wasn’t angry any longer, yet marched past Hermione as if she wasn’t there.“What happened while I was away?” Ginny looked at Ron.“We agreed on a plan. I think you should talk to Harry about it.” He mumbled.Ginny threw a questioning stare at Harry. He cleared his throat and looked around to see if anyone would help him.“Can we talk about this in private later?”Ginny crossed her arms, eyeing everyone in the room suspiciously. She sat down in an armchair, waiting for the continuation of the conversation. There was once again a swooshing noise as Draco appeared with a tiny vial made of brown glass in his hands. He placed it in the middle of the table with caution.“Is this what you’re looking for?” He asked as Hermione picked up the vial.She brushed the dust off the label with her thumb. Her eyes widened as she read “Basilisk venom”. Hermione brought the vial against the light, revealing that it was only half-full. But even this amount would be more than enough for one Horcrux.“Thank you, this is incredible.” Hermione hugged him tightly. “We have the venom now.”“Thank you, Draco. This means a lot.” Harry walked up to him and shook his hand.Ron limited his thank you to a slight nod of his head.“Why do you need Basilisk venom? Don’t tell me that you’re planning to destroy the last Horcrux on your own.” Ginny asked in a worried tone.“It’s exactly what we’re doing.” Harry proved her worst fear. “I need to speak with you.”They both left the library, presumably going to Harry’s room.“You just changed everything,” Hermione spoke, setting the vial down. “This makes the plan a lot easier.”“Well, from impossible to suicidal.” Draco shrugged his shoulders. “I should go now. The meeting starts soon. I don’t promise anything but hopefully, we’ll have the location tonight.”Hermione followed him outside of the room, leaving Ron abandoned.“Please stay safe.” She said as soon as the door closed.Draco nodded. “I will.”He apparated the next moment, leaving a slight swoosh of wind running through her hair. Hermione walked through the Manor rather mechanically than consciously. All she could do for now was wait for Draco to come back. Her legs lead her to the corridor where Harry’s room was. Loud noises were coming from the other side of the door. Hermione turned around, not wanting to eavesdrop on Harry and Ginny fighting. The door slammed and she heard fast footsteps behind her.“You.” Ginny started.Hermione turned around, feeling her cheeks turn a rosy shade. “Gin, I wanted to talk to you.”“Don’t lie to me. How long have you been standing here? Were you spying on us to tell Kingsley later?”Hermione choked on air from shock. “Why would I do that? You heard how much I hate Kingsley. I wanted to speak to you, I never meant to listen to you two arguing.”“Talk about what exactly? How sorry you were to see me feeling abandoned, while you knew exactly what was going on? How you lied to me about your fake relationships? I was nothing but a good friend to you the entire time and you just lied to my face.” Ginny burst out. “I actually believed that Death-Eaters were your new taste in men and went along with it. I accepted everything that you’ve done.”“You know exactly why I couldn’t tell you. I couldn’t risk putting your life in danger for nothing. What would change if you knew?”“Everything, can’t you see? I had no idea why exactly the boys left and why you got married to a Death-Eater months after the battle. It would at least clear up the confusion.”“It was an order to stay silent, Ginny.” Hermione nervously twisted the ring on her finger. “The boys wouldn’t come back, and I wouldn’t be free if you knew. All that you’d get is fear for our lives. You said that you felt abandoned. I was scared that I was going to die if I didn’t kill the only person that knew half of what was going on. I was ordered to kill the person I love and stay silent about it.”“I would’ve done something…”“That’s another reason why it was better for you this way. We were all supposed to wait until Harry had the Horcrux out of him. If you went looking for them it wouldn’t go unnoticed. It would start another war. And with the Horcrux still inside of him, we’d lose.” Hermione finished, panting slightly. “I know how messed up it is for you to only find out about it now. But I had no other choice. None of us did. All I want is to get my friend back.”Ginny eyed her, slightly less angry. Hermione could see that she understood her. But in a fight between pride and reason, the latter rarely wins.“I’ll need some time to think about it. But I don’t promise anything.” Ginny breathed out, walking past her.Hermione walked to her room feeling beat down. Her friends were by her side, and they had what looked like a plan. But she didn’t feel happy. Ginny wasn’t speaking to her, she felt distanced from Draco, and noticed the way Ron sometimes looked at her and Draco together. If they couldn’t go a day without arguing, she was scared to imagine what will happen on the battlefield. With a team like that the possibility of beating Voldemort was low.She sat on the bed, thinking of ways to kill time. Hermione slid the drawer of her bedside table open and took out a small black box. She got it months ago while visiting an antique shop with Draco. She promised herself to figure out its magical properties but didn’t have the time to do it. Perhaps, it could be of some use. Hermione twisted the small box in her hands, trying to figure out whether it opened. The only clue was a small hole on the side. She tried tapping the box with her wand but all that happened was it getting slightly warm.
  Is there a key to this? 
“Alohamora.” She whispered but nothing happened.Hermione put the tip of her wand into the hole, hoping that it didn’t work as a sharpener. She tensed when she heard a click. Hermione took the wand out, but it looked untouched. She inserted it once more, hearing a familiar click.“Lumos,” Hermione said.She had to close her eyes, as multiple light beams shone through the room. After a moment, Hermione cautiously opened her eyes, not believing what she saw. She counted the light beams. The box seemed to be some strange contraption that multiplied the spell by four. She’d never seen anything like it before.Hermione’s body jerked as she heard a knock on the door. She slid the box off her wand and hid it in her pocket before speaking.“Come in!”The door opened, revealing Ron. He looked around as if making sure she was alone.“Can we talk?”“Sure, take a seat.” Hermione nodded.“Uh- maybe not here?”“Alright.” She agreed, confused. “Where do you want to talk?”“Anywhere, just not here if it’s alright.”They entered the first room they saw on their way, which happened to be an old dusty bedroom. The furniture was covered in beige covers and spider webs. The only source of light was the window.“What do you want to talk about?” Hermione asked, leaning on a dresser.Ron shifted awkwardly before speaking. “Us.”“Us?”“I know that it’s probably not the right time. Everything is so complicated. But you have to understand me.” He sighed. “I know that we distanced during our hunt for Horcruxes, but you were still my girlfriend.”“Ron, I don’t think that there’s a lot to talk about.” Hermione sighed.“I do. When I and Harry were taken, I thought I had a girlfriend waiting for my return and then I see newspapers of her with other guys. I get upset, only to find out after many months that these relationships were fake. I plan a rescue mission and when I finally manage to run away, I see that you have feelings for Draco.” Ron looked away. “I understand that you were trapped with him for a year, that you had to play a role. I know that you’re still probably scared of him, but there’s no need to keep pretending. We can protect you from him. We can start over. Together.”“Please, just stop,” Hermione said in a tired tone.“I accepted the possibility of you having feelings for him. But they’re not real.” Ron took a step towards her. “I read about it. It’s called Stockholm’s syndrome. It will go away, I promise. As soon as we get out of here…”Hermione stopped him. “Ron, you’re making no sense. All that happened was an unfortunate turn of events, alright? I still consider you my friend and I’d hate to see you hurt. But you have to remember once and for all that my feelings for Draco are true. I love him.”“No, no, you’re still under his effect. It will pass as soon as I get you out of here. We will win the war and we will go as far away from the Manor as possible.”“This is my home now, Ron.” Hermione sighed helplessly. “I’m a Malfoy.”Ron reached out to her hand but the moment his fingers touched the skin on her wrist there was a bright light. Hermione blinked, refocusing her vision. Ron was slowly standing up on the other side of the room, his eyes wide. The spell that she cast almost a year ago still worked. She was untouchable unless she desired or accepted it.“What did you do?” Ron asked quietly.“I’m sorry.” She gasped.The door swung open before Draco stormed in. Something sunk in Hermione’s stomach as she watched him race to Ron.“What did you do to her?” Malfoy’s voice was cold as ice.Ron pushed him away with force. “Nothing, I didn’t do anything.”“Then what were you doing here?”“It’s none of your business, Malfoy. Why are you so scared that I’m going to take your wife from you? Do you make that bad of a husband?”There was a muffled noise, followed by rapid breathing. Ron covered his nose with his hands for a second before punching Draco back. Hermione ran to them, trying to get in between them. Ron’s elbow hit her diaphragm as he was throwing a punch at Draco. Hermione gasped for air, as she felt it leave her lungs. Draco pushed Ron into an unknown piece of furniture, which turned out to be a chair. He raced to Hermione, as Ron fell over, taking the covers with him.“Did he hurt you?”Hermione pushed away Draco’s hands, furiously glancing at him, as Ron tried to untangle himself from the covers.“Don’t touch me. You two are worth each other.”“Hermione, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you.” Ron said, walking up to her.She eyed them angrily before storming out of the room. She didn’t have the will or power to sort out another mess. She was sick and tired of it. Hermione slammed the door into her bedroom behind her and fell on the bed. She thought that bringing everyone together would help them solve their problems quicker. Instead, it only made things more complicated.
  
    Chapter Text
    She didn’t have the will or power to sort out another mess. She was sick and tired of it. Hermione slammed the door into her bedroom behind her and fell on the bed, closing her eyes. Moments later the door flew open. Hermione sat up, already knowing that it was Draco. She didn’t want to argue because her words wouldn’t be heard anyway. Apparently, he had other thoughts.“What did he do to you?”“Nothing, he did nothing. Until you stormed in like a psycho and decided to beat him up.” Hermione sighed, dropping her head in her palms.“I’m not stupid, I can tell that something happened between you two.”“Like what? Do you think I cheated on you? Is that why you decided to beat him up?” Hermione answered angrily.“What? No, that’s not what I thought. I hit him because he disrespected me and you.” Draco breathed out. “Why are you even protecting him?”“Because Ron is my friend, and he didn’t deserve any of this.”“Really?” Draco chuckled. “What was his initial reaction to our marriage? What did he think about you getting married to a Death-Eater?”“Draco, don’t even start. We both know that it’s much more complicated than just that.” Hermione rose from the bed.“He talked shit about you and now physically hurts you. Can’t you see? There is no point in thinking about a person that once forgot you. Yes, he came running back a few days ago but what about all those months? Did you get a single letter from him?”“As if you’re the one to talk.” She breathed out. “You almost killed yourself in front of my eyes. And don’t you dare say that this was Ron or Harry because you knew exactly what you were doing. I spent hours waiting for you to wake up. I thought I lost you. And how do you thank me? By walking around the Manor as if you weren’t almost sliced into bits a day before. And now you start a fight. What’s next? Are you going to throw unforgivables at a wall to see if they bounce back at you tomorrow? Because if you do, please do let me know in advance that my efforts were for nothing.”She looked at him, panting lightly after her monologue but still as angry as she was. Draco stood silently, short of words. Hermione waited a moment for him to speak but he didn’t. It was like all anger evaporated from him, leaving a surprised-sorry face.“Make my messes matter, make this chaos count, goddamit,” Hermione said half angry, half begging. “Tell me that I didn’t go through a year of constant fear for our lives for nothing. Tell me that you won’t do something like that again to me. You think that you’re doing an honorable sacrifice, but you just end up hurting both of us in the end.”Draco silently walked up to her with a worried look on his face. Hermione closed her eyes when she felt his hands pulling her close. After days of constant stress, anger, and fear being held in his hands felt like a safe bay. So, she cried. She cried for a long time, babbling about nonsense and the things that mattered. Draco just stood there, caressing her, and nodding his head. He didn’t say a word, but Hermione knew that he was listening even in the parts where she was practically talking gibberish.“I just don’t know how we’re planning on winning when half of us don’t speak to each other or are constantly arguing,” Hermione said.She was already calming down and feeling the post-cry numbness. The sun was already down, and the room was almost completely dark. They were sitting on the bed, holding each other as Hermione spoke about her worries.“Ron wanted to us to get back together, and I understand him being upset. But I doubt that we’re on speaking terms after what just happened. I’m pretty sure that my friendship with Ginny is in ruins. I’m always fighting with you. The only one that seems fine with me is Harry. Although, I doubt he’ll stay long if Ginny leaves.” She let out a slight whimper. “We’ll all die if we won’t stick together. Why can’t anyone understand this?”“You say this as if everything that’s happening is your fault. You can’t control everything, Hermione.” Draco spoke for the first time in a while. “You don’t have to burn yourself to keep others warm. No one cares about something that is granted. You have to think about yourself more. Most of the things that you told me were not your responsibilities, to begin with, so stop taking the blame for them.”She nodded silently as he stroked her hair.“Wait here for half an hour, then come to the library,” Draco said as he stood up.“What are you doing?”“You’ll find out soon enough.” He said before shutting the door.Hermione turned the lights on and walked to the bathroom mirror. When she saw her reflection a part of her became glad that it was dark when they were speaking. Cool water stung her skin as she rinsed her puffy face. Hermione impatiently watched the clock as she drank a glass of water. She sat on the bed twisting the ring on her finger. Three turns to the left, three turns to the right. Then repeat it again. At last, the motion became too mundane to handle any longer. Her eyes raced to the clock, showing that she had two minutes left. Hermione stood up, deciding to spend the time on her walk to the library.She knew that the walk took far less than two minutes yet pushed the library doors impatiently. Everyone was standing near a table, waiting for her. Hermione blinked, making sure that she didn’t miss an angry or a disappointed stare. Nothing. Everybody in the room was silent, waiting for her to speak.“What’s going on?” She slowly walked up to them.Draco took a step away, revealing a few items on the table. Vial with venom, a dagger that she knew far too well, a map, a miniature statue, blank pieces of parchment, and a quill.“You’re right. If we won’t stop fighting with each other, we’ll die.” He said.“Can you explain the details of the plan?” Ginny spoke up.Hermione cleared her throat, not knowing where to begin. Her eyes landed on the map that she hadn’t seen before.“What’s this?” She asked, picking up the map.“Voldemort’s exact location. We’ve both been there.” Draco began. “It’s Flint’s house.”She nodded, feeling the puzzle click together. Of course, he would stay at an empty large house. Close enough to control yet out of reach.“The statue is a portkey to a nearby forest. They’ve got an anti-apparition field on the grounds.” He continued.“Alright, here’s what we will do.” Hermione took a piece of parchment and a quill. “We’re going to divide into two groups. One will stay at the Manor to make sure no unwanted guests arrive and the rest will go to Flint’s house.”She drew a line in the middle of the parchment, immediately writing her and Harry’s name in the right column and Ginny’s in the left.“No offense Ginny, but you’re his weak spot. Taking you with us is taking an extra risk.”Ginny was about to say something, but her protest died under Draco’s warning stare.“Draco, you’re staying with her. You’re not strong enough for combat yet and I can’t leave her alone.” Hermione wrote his name down and looked up at Ron. “We’re an uneven number, so it’s your choice. You’ll be needed either way.”“I’m not going to sit here and do nothing. I’m coming with you.” Ron shook his head.Hermione looked at Draco to check his reaction, but he was unnaturally fine with her decision.“Alright, so the three of us will use the portkey to get there at dawn. I and Ron will find a place outside the field not to alarm anyone of our presence. As soon as Harry steps on the grounds they’ll know he’s there.”“All I have to do is stab the snake with the dagger, provided I’m not killed, or it will even be there in the first place.” Harry finished.“If something goes wrong or even feels slightly off to you run to the edge of the grounds and apparate. We will be there to make sure you don’t get hit.” Hermione reassured him. “Even if it means leaving the snake alive.”She knew that nobody approved of the plan. In fact, she doubted it would work smoothly herself. Yet no one spoke up or came up with an alternative. Hermione’s eyes landed on the necklace that Ginny was wearing. Her birthday present. Maybe everything wasn’t as bad as she thought.“Ginny, if something goes wrong on your side use your necklace to contact me. Patronuses are too noticeable.” Hermione asked.Ginny nodded, clutching her necklace.“The best day to do it is tomorrow. There’s a chance that he’ll move to a new hiding place in a few days. He’s already stayed longer than usual.” Draco shared.“Then tomorrow it is.” Harry sighed. 
  The next day
Hermione couldn’t rest properly. Her dreams that night were filled with nightmares. Part of her knew that she wasn’t the only one with mixed feelings. Even if she was right, everyone tried their best not to show it. Worry slightly tinted their faces as evening approached but not a single word that was spoken that day signaled of it.Hermione clutched the Invisibility cloak in her hands as she walked to the library. It was slowly getting dark, but the chandeliers haven’t been lit yet, the absence of light letting shadows sneak into corners and dead-end corridors. They stood around the table once again, all eyes on a small statue that would lead the three of them to danger. Ginny patiently watched the clock on the wall, counting down time.“Now.” She nodded.Four hands instead of three reached to the statue before the world became a whirlpool of colors. Hermione fell on the damp forest ground, slightly nauseous from all the spinning. She stood up, trying to figure out who the odd one out was. And there he was, lying on the ground, slightly grimacing. Hermione fought the impulse to check on his wounds. Draco seemed fine. The pain was a side-effect of using a portkey so soon after a serious injury. Her eyes met Ron’s, who seemed equally enraged as she was.“What the hell did you just do?” Her voice was too loud for the ambient nature.A couple of crows flew from a tree, disrupting the forest with their voices. Draco sat up, holding a hand on his side.“Did you really think that I would let you go alone?” He panted lightly, standing up.Hermione breathed in loudly. The spicy wild air burned her nose as she paced to him.“We had a plan, Draco. And you decided to ruin it from the beginning. Ginny is left alone to defend the Manor in case something goes wrong because of your ignorance.” She groaned.“If you’re so worried about her just apparate back.” He shrugged his shoulders.“I’m not going anywhere.”“So, neither am I.” Draco stood up with much more ease in his movements.Hermione eyed him angrily for a moment. “Fine, but if you end up dead, I’m not bringing you back once more.”She turned away from Draco and began marching confidently.“Uh-Hermione?” Harry’s voice followed her. “You’re going the wrong way.”She turned once more without looking at Draco and walked in the right direction, not an inch of confidence lost. Her anger was replaced with concentration once they approached the edge of a hill. At the bottom of it was the house that often stared in her worst nightmares and memories. Hermione swallowed, reassuring herself that Marcus Flint is dead. Her eyes slid to Draco, who was studying the grounds stretching beneath them.“This should be a good observation point.” She said, walking up to a dried-up log. “We shouldn’t be seen if we sit behind this.”Minutes later Draco, Ron, and Hermione were sitting on the ground under the Invisible Cloak, watching Harry disappear into the forest. He was supposed to come out in a different spot not to give away their hiding place on accident. Hermione shivered lightly, as the surroundings slowly turned dark. She tried not to think about the large forest behind her, focusing on Ron and Draco who sat on both of her sides.“There he is,” Ron whispered, pointing his hand to the left.Harry was walking in a slow and steady rhythm, his hand in his pocket. It might’ve looked like a force of habit to strangers, but Hermione knew that his hand was on the dagger. She bit her lip nervously, watching him approach the house. Harry stepped onto the property, but no one seemed to notice his presence. He took a few steps forward, shifting his weight awkwardly. There was dead silence disrupted only by the rustle of leaves.“Are you sure that this is the right place?” Ron asked Draco.He nodded silently without looking at him.“I think that this might be a trap.” Ron continued.“Could you speak any louder? I don’t think that everyone heard you yet.” Draco sighed on her left side.There was an inaudible annoyed noise on her right side. Hermione breathed out, refocusing on Harry. Just in time for multiple figures dressed in black to appear on the front porch. They were still wearing masks. Hermione scoffed; everyone already knew most of the people hiding behind them.Something clicked in her brain as she turned to Draco, slightly panicking. “Is Lucius…”“Highly doubt it.” He shook his head.“Be quiet, I can barely hear what they’re talking about.” Ron shushed.But the silence didn’t help. They were close enough to see properly yet too far away to make out the conversation. Occasionally, single words would travel to them, but they were no use out of context.Hermione felt everyone tense up as the door into the house opened slowly. A large snake slowly slithered down to the ground, Voldemort walking a few steps behind it. Harry instinctively took a step back, causing a parody of a smile to appear on his face. Hermione felt on edge, watching the snake rest just a few steps away from Harry. There was an actual chance for him to make it if he was fast enough. There was a slight rustle as the three of them took out wands out of their pockets, aiming them at Death-Eaters. Hermione gasped quietly as she watched Harry take out the dagger in one quick move and stab it into the snake’s skull. There was a loud cry full of pain moments later. With fear in her eyes, she recognized it as Harry’s voice. Her gaze raced to Voldemort. She expected anything- fury, grief, or agony as another Horcrux was destroyed. Voldemort was laughing.
  
    Chapter Text
    There was a loud cry full of pain moments later. With fear in her eyes, she recognized it as Harry’s voice. Her gaze raced to Voldemort. She expected anything- fury, grief, or agony as another Horcrux was destroyed. Voldemort was laughing as Harry fell to the ground. Everyone sitting behind the log froze in terror. Voldemort was slowly circling Harry and talking calmly. Something snapped back in place inside of Hermione before she jumped up. She tripped and almost fell over as Draco pulled her back by the back of her jumper.“Sit down.” He whispered angrily.Hermione bent over, trying to stay invisible as she fought with him for the piece of fabric that Draco clutched in his fist.“Are you just going to let him die? Let me go. We have to do something.”“I’m trying to come up with a plan that doesn’t involve group suicide.” Draco snapped.Hermione shoved Ron before he could fully stand up. She wasn’t going to let any of them go out there. She cared too much and wasn’t particularly trusting of their success.Hermione’s eyes rounded as she looked at the edge of the forest behind them. “There’s another one…”The boys instantly turned around, drawing their wands. Hermione used the moment to jump over the log and run to the steep end of the hill. She almost smiled at the idea that they fell for the oldest trick in the book. She got so caught up in her thoughts that her leg slipped on a muddy patch of the hill, sending her into a rather embarrassing roll down. Hermione lifted her head to see everyone eyeing her.“Ah, of course. I didn’t doubt your appearance for a moment.” Voldemort smiled. “I’m certain that the idea of killing my pet belonged to you, wasn’t it?”She slowly took a step towards Harry, biting her inner cheek at the sight of a small pool of blood under his leg. It wasn’t critical if treated within the next half an hour but would surely affect his ability to walk.“I suppose the Weasley should be nearby. Search the forest.” He ordered calmly.Half of the Death-Eaters spread in different directions. It took all the willpower in her not to turn around instinctively. They should’ve chosen different hiding spots. Harry stood up slowly, visibly shifting his weight on the unaffected leg.“No need for wands now.” Voldemort pointed out Harry’s hand sliding towards his pocket. “We have plenty to talk about first.”Hermione twisted the ring on her finger nervously. Thoughts were racing in her head.“What a peculiar thing that you have.” Voldemort looked at her hand. “I must admit that you two are a surprise. I should’ve guessed earlier who the traitor was.”She swallowed, realizing that he was talking about Draco, and hid the hand with ring behind her back.“Kill Draco on sight.” Voldemort raised his voice.Something dropped in her chest as another small group went off towards the forest. Hermione didn’t dare to turn around to see how high up the hill the Death-Eaters were. She already knew that her time was reduced to only a few minutes, perhaps even less. Hermione placed her hand in an empty pocket of her jumper. It was no Sorting hat. She didn’t expect to find a sword in there. All her fingers felt was a bit of dry dirt that got there when she fell down the hill. It was risky and impulsive, yet her only option. The only way she could disarm a wizard of such power was by not using any magic at all.She swung her fist, throwing the dirt into Voldemort’s face. As much as she wanted, Hermione didn’t stop to see his reaction. She grabbed Harry’s hand, taking out her wand as she began to run. Hermione turned around and counteracted a curse less than a few feet away from them. In the corner of her eye, she saw spells flying from the top of the hill. Draco and Ron were making sure they didn’t get hit. Harry’s leg slowed them down majorly and even though there was a short distance left to the edge of the grounds it was going to be a tough run.“Get him! Kill the mudblood!” Voldemort’s voice roared from the distance.Hermione dodged a killing curse aimed at her head. Harry did his best to go as fast as he could. Yet, his pace was closer to walking than running. Hermione did her best to fight the impulse to stay and help Draco. She wouldn’t forgive herself is something happened to him. She felt a slight vibration through her body as they crossed the border. Her gaze shot to Harry’s wound. There was a high probability of his leg getting splinched. Yet, no alternative once again. Hermione saw a shot of bright green seconds before the world turned into a whirlpool of colors. The words of the curse blurred into nothing, but she heard it enough times to know what was shot at them.She opened her eyes to find them standing in the middle of a crowded square in London. Hermione struggled to stay on her feet as the entire weight of Harry’s body pulled her down. She panicked, pressing her fingers into his neck. There was a steady pulse under her hand. He just fainted from the apparition. Not the ideal situation considering his wound and the fact that the passing-by people were beginning to stare, but at least it wasn’t the killing curse.Hermione muttered apologetic words, saying that her friend has had too much to drink. She readjusted her position, carrying her friend away from the crowd. Hermione almost dropped Harry when he shifted, regaining his consciousness.“Shh, it’s alright. Don’t say anything. Save your energy, there’s not much left.” She calmed him down.“Where are we?”“London. I apparated.”Harry grimaced, stepping on the hurt leg.“Careful, lean on me,” Hermione instructed.They walked onto a less crowded street, yet still full enough of people to notice if she used her wand or apparated. Hermione swore under her breath as she felt Harry’s steps getting lighter.“Harry, you have to stay awake. We’re almost there.” She couldn’t have him go into shock.Hermione froze, hearing a voice in her head.
  ‘Mione it’s me, Gin. I don’t know if this is even working but I just want to make sure that everything’s alright. Ron and Draco…
The sentence cut off midway. The necklace was only meant for short messages.Harry noticed the expression on her face. “What is it?”“Ginny contacted me, she’s worried about us,” Hermione answered, walking into a dimly lit dead-end.“What about Ron and Draco?” Harry asked as she helped him sit down behind a dumpster.“I don’t know.” She cautiously lifted the trouser leg.Harry let out a breath as she separated the fabric from his wound. The blood partially dried up, sticking trousers to the bite. Hermione quickly opened her bag and took out a few bottles. She didn’t take much but it would help. Harry watched as she unbuckled his belt and took it in her hands.“I don’t have anything for you to bite on, but I have to warn you that this is going to hurt,” Hermione said apologetically while tying the belt around his leg.“What are you going to do?” Harry asked as she opened a vial.“It’s best if you don’t know.” She muttered, letting a drop of potion fall on the wound.A pained cry echoed through the street as the potion did its work. Hermione poured a few more drops, trying to stay cold-hearted. She knew that it hurt as the liquid burned through the dried-up crust. Her fingers trembled with every scream. A minute later she could see the white of his bone revealed.“Is it bad?” Harry asked without looking.Hermione bit her lip, seeing two holes from the snake’s fangs going through the bone. She wasn’t sure that he’d receive the news well. Ginny’s voice spoke in her head once more.
  Where are you? Ron and Draco came back half an hour ago. Please come back.
“Draco and Ron seem to be alright.” Hermione switched the topic.“Can we just go back to the Manor?” Harry’s voice trembled.“I really want the same but I’m not sure we can. It’s a miracle you didn’t get splinched the first time. I’ll have to do some work on your leg before we can go.”“Will it hurt as much?”“I can’t promise anything. It shouldn’t be as bad, but it might be painful.” Hermione almost cried from the way his voice sounded.She never expected their plan to end like this, so her supplies were mostly focused on bleeding wounds, not punctured bones, ready to break at any moment. Hermione used a potion meant for disinfecting the wound, which Harry managed heroically before taking out her wand.“Harry, it’s best if you don’t look. The fangs went through the bone.” She sighed. “I can’t heal it here. The most I can do is use Murtlap essence and close the wound back. It won’t make much of a difference, but it might restore the tissue on the leg enough for us to apparate.”Harry nodded, gesturing for her to begin. This time Hermione applied it with much more ease, knowing that the worst sensation was how cold it felt. She muttered a healing spell to close the wound, wrapped it with the fabric that she tore off her sleeve, and leaned on the wall opposite to Harry. She felt like she took a breath for the first time since she saw him get bit.“So, who knew that Nagini wasn’t a Horcrux.” Harry chuckled sadly.“What?” Hermione breathed out.As she said it a piece of puzzle clicked in her head. Voldemort was supposed to be in agony after a Horcrux was destroyed. Instead, he seemed completely unfazed.“But the Horcrux inside of you was destroyed. Does that mean he was killable tonight?” She continued.“Doubt it.” Harry shrugged his shoulders. “I’m sure that we’d notice a difference. Besides, we know how many Horcruxes he created.”“The Horcrux is something else. We made a mistake.” Hermione finished, feeling the blood drain from her face.“We’ll have to start the search once more.”“No, it’s impossible. We are being hunted by both the Order and Death-Eaters. We’re sitting ducks by even being here right now, let alone a scavenger hunt throughout England.” She sighed. “We’ll have to be sure what we’re looking for this time.”“The only information we can get is from Snape or the books.”“Contacting him right now is too risky.”“And we don’t have time to read books.”They sat in silence not wanting to say what was on both of their minds. It was the end. No more clues or time to pick everything that they find apart. They were done. This time for good.“Don’t even think about surrendering. It won’t save any lives, trust me.” Hermione said.Harry let out a breath. There was nothing else to say.“I think we should be good to try and apparate to the Manor,” Hermione said after a while. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione almost cried when she saw the Manor towering across the field from them. After all this time she realized that this was her home. Somewhere she no longer feared or bound to her worst memories. She wasn’t sure whether it was because she’d seen worse than one horrible night over a year ago or the new memories she’d made. Both probably.Thankfully, Harry didn’t get splinched on their way back. The moment they stepped on the grounds Draco apparated to them.“Are you hurt?” He asked, visibly worried.“I’m fine. Are you?”“We’re all good here.” He answered, his gaze sliding to Harry. “How is he?”“Better than I initially thought, worse than I hoped. Help me carry him to the house.”Once Hermione had all the supplies that she needed and Ginny’s assistance the wound stopped looking so threatening. They managed to finish all the needed procedures in under an hour and sent Harry to bed.Hermione closed the door into the bedroom behind her to find Draco already waiting for her. She debated for a moment whether bringing up his sabotage of her plan was worth it or not. He did help in the end.“Voldemort knows that you’re the traitor. Don’t go to meetings anymore, you’ll get killed.”“I figured.” Draco shook his shoulders. “What about Nagini?”“Not the Horcrux as you saw. No idea what it is.” She sat down next to him.“I was worried about you. I saw the killing curse being shot at you moments before the apparition. I thought there was a chance you were hit.”She looked at him, unsure what to say. “Well, I wasn’t. At least now you know-… I’m sorry, I’m being an asshole. I was worried about you too. I felt guilty that I had to leave.”She buried her face in her hands. All their efforts were for nothing. The snake wasn’t a Horcrux.“We probably won’t make it out.” Her voice trembled.They were alive and in a relatively safe space but the inevitable silently towered over the Manor.“Don’t say that,” Draco answered. “Everything is so bad because this isn’t the end. Remember?”She chuckled sadly, not knowing how to say that this was different.“What is it?” Hermione straightened her posture, seeing the look on his face.“Someone is close to the grounds.”“I thought that we set up proper protection. Could someone come here by mistake?”“To an empty field in the middle of nowhere? Doubt it.” He said, making his way to the door.Hermione followed, not wanting him to go out on his own. They quickly walked under a pale gray sky which was waiting for the sun to rise.“We should’ve told the others,” Hermione said as she tried to keep up with Draco.He ignored her words, trying to make out who the lonely figure in the distance was. They both stopped in their tracks, a few feet away from the barrier that separated them from the rest of the world.“I think that it will be best if I go alone.” Hermione was almost whispering.She knew that the barrier isolated sound and the things inside it yet couldn’t shake the feeling that the person standing on the other side was watching her.“Alright, but I’m not going anywhere.”Hermione nodded. That was more than enough. She held her breath as she stepped out of the barrier, revealing herself. Even though he expected someone to come, Kingsley seemed startled by her sudden appearance. Seconds later the surprise on his face faded into irritation.“Are we alone?”“Yes.” The lie came out easily. “Why are you here?”“Why am I here?” Kingsley repeated. “Why is Malfoy still alive? Why do Harry and Ron suddenly go missing one day and the next I hear about an attack on Voldemort that was not issued by the Order? Why are you still here?”Hermione felt anger slowly beginning to bubble up inside of her. The times where she explained her every step to Kingsley were in the past. For a split second her eyes slid to Draco. She was glad that Kingsley couldn’t see him. Draco looked murderous.“I’m glad that you came.” She plastered a smile on her face. “I have a few things to tell you as well.”Kingsley almost choked on air. “You do? Surprise me, Hermione. What is it that I don’t know yet?”“I was hoping that you’d understand it without me explaining. But since you came here, you didn’t.” She paused before saying the words that existed in the back of her mind for a while now. “I don’t want anything to do with the Order and your dirty schemes. I quit. There is absolutely nothing in this world that can make me change my mind.”“Dirty schemes?” He breathed out. “They are the only reason you and everybody that you know are alive. You can’t quit the Order, Hermione. You agreed on this, you finish it.”“I agreed on helping to save the wizarding world, whatever the cost. I just found a different way. We don’t need you anymore.”Kingsley let out a struggled breath, gathering himself.“Very well, if you don’t want to be on our side, go ahead. Team up with Death-Eaters and plan your way to death but leave Harry out of this. Bring him here, we’re leaving.”Hermione chuckled and shook her head. The Order was always blind when it came to figuring out who had the upper hand.“You think this is funny? Let’s see how fun it will be once I disclose your location to him.” Kingsley was running out of threats.“And risk your Golden boy getting killed? Doubt it.” Hermione shrugged.She felt a tad guilty for enjoying Shacklebolt’s defeat so much.“I’ll put you all on trial as soon as this is over, provided you’re not dead by then.” He hissed.“See you in court, Kingsley,” Hermione answered as she stepped back inside the barrier, making herself invisible to him once again.“I thought you weren’t done talking.” Draco eyed Kingsley.“I don’t think that there will be much use from talking to him.”“You’ll all get killed, mark my words! Come back!” Kingsley roared on the other side of the barrier.“Should I do something about him?”“No, let him stay. He’ll get tired eventually. Realizing that he lost will be far more embarrassing than if we just apparate him to somewhere.” Hermione smiled.“When did you become such a Slytherin?” Draco chuckled as they walked back to the Manor.Most of the lights were off, hinting that everyone except the Malfoys were asleep. They walked through the hallways, speaking quietly.“We could start the search by getting a list of all the valuable items that have been lost in the past few decades. I know that it’s too much but I’m sure that we can narrow down from there.” Hermione spoke as they approached their bedroom. “We know that it’s most likely something posh. He wouldn’t let a fragment of his soul be trapped inside something without material or sentimental value.”Draco nodded as he opened the door for her.“Something expensive, yet not too well known to the public…You don’t seem too interested in this conversation.” She turned around in the doorway.“How wrong is it?” He said, shutting the door.“What is?”“There’s a chance that we will all die tomorrow, if not tonight.” Draco leaned in and whispered in her ear. “And all I can think about is ripping your clothes off.”A breath got stuck in her throat. Hermione turned her head, looking him in the eyes.“How wrong is it that I’ve been thinking the same thing too?”In less than a second, his lips were covering hers and his hands were all over her body. In another few seconds, they were falling on the bed, leaving their clothes scattered across the floor. Hermione placed her hand on the side of his neck, knowing exactly how it would feel. Every inch of his body was well known to her. Hermione let out a gasp as he sucked in a breath through his teeth, sliding into her. She felt his muscles stiffen under her palm as she traced his body with her fingertips.She was wrong. The Manor wasn’t her home. Draco was. Any god-forgotten place would feel like home if he was there. As long as he was there, holding her close, there was a purpose, a will to go on. ***Hermione sat up in bed, almost shivering as she took her hands out from under the blanket. Despite the weather, it was rarely warm inside the house at night. Her gaze slid down to Draco laying next to her. He shifted slightly when she moved but was still visibly asleep.Hermione’s hands began twisting and turning the ring on her finger. Two times to the left. Pause. Two times to the right. Pause and repeat. The ritual helped her gather her thoughts.All of them were living on borrowed time. Too many things could happen before they destroy the last Horcrux and face Voldemort. The Manor would have to go soon. Staying here was becoming too dangerous. They were lucky that Kingsley was the one to show up tonight. Hermione listened carefully for a moment. 
  No more noises. He must’ve left.
Two turns to the left.
  The Horcrux is something valuable. Something that Voldemort could get in contact with.
Pause.
  Where could it be? Even if it was initially hidden somewhere distant, now being the last remaining Horcrux it must be close to him. Not with him. Voldemort isn’t that stupid.
Two turns to the right.
  Hogwarts? Could be. Would going there be a death wish? Most certainly. Other places?...
Pause. Two turns to the left.
  Maybe he gave it to one of his trusted followers? Snape?

  Probably not, he would’ve told the Order or me. Unless Voldemort didn’t explain the true nature of the possession to the keeper…

  No, Snape would figure it out eventually.

  Lestrange? Dead.
Pause.
  Malfoy? 
Hermione turned her head at Draco.
  Definitely not him. If he had the Horcrux, the Manor would’ve been swarming with Death-Eaters by now…

  What if he doesn’t know. 
Two turns to the right.
  He wasn’t gifted anything in the past few months, was he?

  No, he’d figure it out too.
Pause.
  The dagger.
 Hermione almost flew off the bed, rushing downstairs. She swung the doors of the library open before running up to the table where they would plan. The bloody dagger, retrieved from Harry’s jacket was peacefully sitting in the middle of the table. Hermione hesitated, whether to wake someone up or not for a moment before taking a seat. 
  How do I even destroy a dagger?

  It’s not like I can stab it.

   
Hermione picked up the vial with basilisk venom.“Lumos.”
   

  There should be some left even if I’m wrong about it. 

   
Hermione carefully poured a drop of the venom on the dagger. She stood waiting, expecting something to happen. But it didn’t. She swore under her breath, walking out of the room. Nothing was ever this easy, was it?“Something wrong?” Draco’s voice asked from the darkness of the hallway.Hermione explained her guess about the dagger, feeling ashamed that she wasted some of the venom without asking anyone.“What if you used it the wrong way? Maybe you have to try it on a different part of it.”“No, it would’ve made some sort of reaction if it was a Horcrux.” Hermione shook her head.“It was a pretty good guess anyway.” Draco wrapped his hand around her shoulders. “Why don’t we sleep on it and maybe come up with new ideas in the morning?”Hermione obeyed, returning to bed but in the end, found herself unable to fall asleep once again. She waited for Draco’s breathing to get even before sitting up in bed. Two turns to the left.
  What else could it be?

  There’s still a chance that it’s in the Manor. The place is full of antiques.
Pause.
  Hiding something here in plain sight sounds like him.

  Voldemort has been here multiple times. 
Two turns to the right.
  What if he tossed something small on one of the shelves? We’ll never find it that way.

  No, doesn’t sound like him. There has to be some meaning to it.
Pause.
  Something valuable, small, and not obvious.

  A fitting description for half of the things in the Manor.

   
Hermione sat in the darkness, turning her wedding ring, her brain racing from one possibility to the other. Her hands froze a moment later.
  
    Chapter Text
    “No, doesn’t make any sense.” Ron shook his head.Hermione let out a frustrated breath. Another half an hour down the drain. She wasn’t going to explain this the third time.“He’s right, you know? Don’t you remember what the Horcrux did to us when we wore it for even a couple of hours?” Harry intervened. “If the ring is a Horcrux, you’d go mental in a year.”“Yeah, full-on Dark lord.” Ginny nodded.“In Hermione’s defense, I’ve seen some changes in her throughout the year. Minor of course, but they’re there.” Draco spoke for the first time in a while.He was the first one to hear Hermione’s theory as soon as he woke up. She knew that she sounded crazy, but she felt like she was right. As soon as the realization came to her all the pieces started to click together. Voldemort played them once again. What better place to hide a Horcrux than on a clueless person observed by the whole wizarding world and protected by the Order? Nothing would happen to her until Voldemort gave the order.“Horcruxes corrupt the soul, the nature of a human. Slight changes are not enough.” Harry protested.“The spell, Harry. It protected me.” Hermione said for the hundredth time, trying to contain herself.“You don’t actually believe that some spell that you came across by pure accident can do all this?” Harry huffed.“The other one did the job of repelling people just fine. I have no other explanation why I didn’t get affected by it.”“I have. The ring is not the Horcrux.” Ron mumbled.“You know what? Fine.” Hermione took the ring off and set it down on the table. “If you don’t believe my words just take it. Wear it for a bit and we’ll see. Anyone?”Ron stretched for the ring but got stopped by a slap on his hand.“Not you. No offense, but your history with these isn’t the best.” Hermione commented, watching him roll his eyes.“I suppose it’s for the best if Ginny doesn’t take it either,” Harry said shyly.“I’ll do it.” Draco shrugged his shoulders. “I’m the only one in the room that hasn’t been affected by one. Should be interesting.”Hermione bit her lip to stop herself from commenting. She didn’t want Draco to carry the ring but was in no position to protest. The gesture didn’t go unnoticed.“Any objections?” Draco tilted his head playfully.Hermione sighed and shook her head. It was just for a few hours, and she’d make sure not to let him out of her eyesight. How much harm could be done anyway?Draco slid the ring into his pocket and shook his shoulders. “I don’t feel any different.”“You won’t.” Promised Ginny. “Not for a while at least.”Draco sunk into an armchair without any reaction. He seemed careless. As if he didn’t believe in Horcruxes in the first place.“What do we do next? We can’t just sit here and waste our time.” Ron asked.“We wait for Draco to be affected and then destroy the ring.”“Why can’t we just do it now? We have enough of venom for at least two tries. We can afford a mistake.” Ginny chimed in.“I-I already used some last night…” Hermione felt a wave of guilt wash over her.“I’m guessing it went wrong.” Ron scoffed.“Alright, let’s just think of what else we can do and just hope that an army of Death-Eaters won’t show up at the front door while we’re at it.” Ginny sighed, walking out of the room.“Let’s meet back here in a couple of hours. I’ll think of something.” Harry nodded, following Ginny.Ron left the library instantly. He couldn’t watch her and Draco together unless there were other people around. Hermione took a seat next to Draco and studied his face as if it would have signs of Horcrux taking effect.“Do you want tea?” She asked.“You don’t have to treat me like I’m sick. It’s alright.” Draco leaned back in his armchair. “I’d like to be alone for a bit if you don’t mind.”He said it in the most peaceful tone, yet Hermione felt a needle poke at her heart.“Sure.” She nodded. Hermione sat at a desk in their bedroom, her finger mindlessly tracing the wood. Her thoughts were focused on a moment from her past. It seemed so insignificant after all this time, that she struggled to remember all the details. 
  Malfoy Manor, over a year ago.
A small passage was dedicated to a spell that protected from the evil. She arched her brow in disbelief. 
  If only everything was that easy…
 Hermione decided to read out of pure interest. 
  Warning: This spell does not protect from major or the Forbidden curses. However, its strength depends on the will of the person casting it.

  Use: Helpful for protecting from hexes and curses of small to a medium degree, the evil eye, long term minor to medium influence of evil forces.

  Advantages: Can help avoid migraines and stabilize your mood.

  Disadvantages: Please note, that this spell has not yet been approved by the WIS (Wizarding inspection of safety). Use at your own risk.

   
Hermione scoffed, of course, there would be a ‘but’.  
  But what do I have to lose?

   
She practiced a few times and tried to inflict all her emotions from the past few weeks into it. All the anger, fright, embarrassment, helplessness, annoyance, feeling of betrayal. White light from the tip of her wand blinded her and filled the room. Hermione closed her eyes but could still see it behind her eyelids. A burning hot sensation spread through her chest. A moment later the room went back to normal. She carefully opened her eyes, feeling exhausted, and fell back on her bed. ***
  Malfoy Manor, present time.
 
  It has to be the reason why the ring hadn’t affected me.

  But how strong does a spell have to be to do such things?

   
Hermione walked back to the library, knowing that there was only one way to prove her theory. It had to be put to the test. The book was supposed to be on one of the nearby shelves.“I’m just here for a moment. I think I figured out why the Horcrux did nothing to me.” She smiled at Draco.Her eyes met a cold stare. Two pools of warm grey were now cold and sharp silver. Something changed in his posture. Draco was gripping the armrests of his seat as if trying to contain himself. He was angry. But not in the way that she knew. This was despise, something suppressed inside of him. Just by a single look at him, she knew that he was about to say something bad. Something well calculated and hurtful.“Are you okay?” Hermione managed.She tried to figure out how much time had passed since he took the ring. 
  About an hour.

  Why so soon?

   
“I’m fine.”“Great, I’ll be on my way then. I almost have this problem solved.” Hermione stepped towards the door.“Do you think I’m that dangerous?”“What?” The book almost fell out of her hands.“What, you think you can’t even read a book in the same room with me?”“You asked me to give you some space, so I am.” She answered, inching to the door.There was a loud clap as Draco apparated. Hermione didn’t have enough time to get confused before he appeared right next to her, blocking the door. Instinctively, her thoughts raced to what happened in Flint’s library. Hermione shook her head. 
  No, this isn’t Draco.

  I know him. He’d never hurt me.

   
“Are you sure that you’re alright?” Hermione’s thoughts were scattered. “You’re not making any sense.”She could see that he was under the influence of the Horcrux. But the change in him suggested that he wore it at least for a few days if not longer.
  How long does it take one to start hating another?
“I think that there’s something speeding up the effects of the ring.” She started. “How about you give it back to me?”Draco arched his brow. “I don’t feel any different. I think I’d notice something corrupting me from the inside.”“That’s not how this works.” Hermione shook her head.“It’s only been an hour, relax Granger.”Hermione felt like she was slapped across the face. He said her name the way he used to back at Hogwarts. As if it was an insult. Except now it actually was one, considering that she’s been a Malfoy over a year.There was a trace of confusion on Draco’s face as if what he said was a surprise to himself.“What did you just say?” She breathed out.His mouth opened for a moment, but Draco stayed silent. His jaw tensed as if he was fighting with himself.“Nothing.” He replied.“That’s enough, give me back the ring.”Draco didn’t move.“Do you want me to get it myself?” Hermione huffed. “Fine.”Her hand reached for his pocket but was caught midair. Hermione barely had time to think before she was pinned against the wall, his hand holding her wrist tightly next to her head. Hermione shivered under his stare. She struggled to remember when was the last time that someone looked at her with so much hatred.“You’re the root of all my problems.” He hissed in a low voice. “If it wasn’t for you, I would’ve been safe by now. You don’t know how many times I thought that killing you would be the solution to everything that’s wrong with my life.”Hermione felt like there was no air left in her lungs. He wasn’t hurting her, yet she felt like she was being strangled. She turned her head away from him. Anything to not see the way he looked at her. She focused on the tattoo on his hand, blocking his words from her head.“Look at me.” He ordered.Hermione obeyed instinctively. Draco went silent the moment they locked eyes. Something changed in him. He let go of her and slowly backed away, his gaze racing from her to his hands.“The Dark Mark.” Hermione breathed out in relief.“What are you-“ Draco started but she was already closing the door behind her.***
  Later that day
The Malfoy library was dead silent, even though everyone in the house was in it. Draco sat with a tumbler of Firewhiskey in his hand in an armchair that was the furthest from the rest of the people. Hermione watched him with a worried stare. She saw how he tried to keep his guard up but the more time without the ring on him passed, the more he seemed to be unwell. Her feelings were stirred up, there were a million things that she had to say and ask about. But not now. All she could do for now was watch him come to terms with what he did from afar. Every time Hermione thought of the things he said she felt tears in the corners of her eyes. She discreetly wiped them with the corner of her sleeve, reminding herself that she wasn’t allowed to cry over it. After all, she was the reason why Draco carried the ring on him.
  But the things that he said…
Hermione felt a new wave of tears and hurried to look away from Draco. Her gaze landed on Harry and Ginny whispering about something by the window. They stopped the moment they saw Hermione looking at them. Ron was sitting in an armchair and staring at the floor with a grim expression.“Can we talk?” Ginny walked up to her.Hermione nodded. Another minute of this would drive her mad. “Are you alright?” Ginny asked as soon as she closed the door behind her.Hermione dropped herself into an armchair and thoughtlessly scanned the tearoom. “Honestly, I’m not sure.”“I don’t know what exactly he said to you…” She started. “I think you two need to talk privately.”“I don’t think that he wants that right now.” Hermione dropped her head into her hands. “I should’ve known that the Dark Mark was going to react to the ring in some way.”“Stop trying to find someone guilty. It was an accident. How was anyone supposed to know?”Hermione shook her head. “It was obvious.”Ginny gently grabbed Hermione’s arm and pulled it away from her face. “We found the Horcrux because of you. Now we have a chance of winning, you do realize that? All that’s left is to destroy it and find where he is hiding.”Hermione huffed, not knowing what to say.“In fact, the three of us are leaving tonight. We’re going to check Hogwarts for any signs of him. You and Draco can sort it out in the meantime.” Ginny continued in a soothing voice.“Hogwarts is too dangerous. We shouldn’t divide our numbers.”“It’s going to be alright. We’ll just carefully look around without entering the grounds and scatter in case of any danger. We won’t fight any battles without you.”“Thank you.” Hermione gave Ginny a weak smile.“What would you do without me?” She giggled.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Hermione pushed the door of the library. Her eyes instantly caught the ring peacefully lying on the table. Draco was still in his armchair. She was certain that he didn’t move since she left.

  “Draco?”

  “Don’t worry. I took it out of my pocket.” He said coldly.

  Hermione walked up to him, unsure what to say.

  “Can we talk?” She asked.

  “Is there anything to talk about? I think what I did was straightforward enough.” Draco said without looking at her.

  “So, you meant what you said?” Hermione’s voice faltered.

  Draco’s eyes shot up. “That’s not what I’m trying to say. I didn’t mean what I said back there… Or I did. I don’t know. It felt so natural to say those things.”

  “That’s what a Horcrux does to people.” Hermione started. “I think that in your case things were just sped up by the dark mark.”

  She reached for his hand, but he moved it away. Draco shook his head as if trying to get rid of a thought.

  “Don’t do this to me. Talk to me.” Hermione fiddled with her sleeve.

  “I don’t want you to take the blame for the things that I’ve done.” 

  “But carrying a Horcrux was my idea…”

  “And I volunteered. And said things that can’t be forgotten.”

  “So, this is what’s going to be the end of us. After everything we’ve been through this was the final straw for you?” Hermione chuckled hysterically. 

  “I don’t think that I can look at you without remembering what I’ve said.”

  “Draco, you’re making a victim out of me. I’m fine.” Hermione sighed.

  “Horcruxes bring out the worst in people. Which means that those words were already somewhere deep inside of me. I never thought of you as the root of all my problems but what I said didn’t just come out of thin air.”

  “Horcruxes normally don’t take full effect so fast. It had something to do with the dark mark. Voldemort hates half-bloods and muggles. I think that receiving a mark from him leaves a stain of his hatred on you.” Hermione mumbled. “I know you. You’d never say or think something like that about me. Those words were the dark mark speaking.”

  Something changed in his face. “Maybe you’re right.” Draco rose from his armchair and wrapped his arms around Hermione. “I’m sorry.”

  “Draco Malfoy apologizing?” She chuckled. “Say it again.”

  “Don’t even think about it.”

  Hermione hugged him tighter. “I’m sorry too. I never should have-“

  “Don’t.” Draco interrupted.

  “Alright, I’m not apologizing.” Hermione huffed. “What do you think about destroying that nasty ring?”

  “I want to do it together.” Draco took a step back.

  Hermione grabbed the dagger and basilisk venom before joining Draco at the table. She handed the dagger to Draco and watched him dip it in venom. Her eyes widened when he handed it to her. Hermione took the dagger, unsure of what to do next. Draco placed his hand on top of hers. She could feel how tense he was. Hermione closed her eyes as he stabbed the ring with the dagger. The room filled with blinding light before going back to normal. 

  “How does it feel?” Hermione asked after a moment.

  “I feel lighter.” Draco rubbed his eyes. “You really should’ve warned me about the light.”

  “Sorry, slipped from my mind.”

  Draco reached for his whiskey, but Hermione stopped his hand.

  “I think tea would be better.”

  “Right, your tea and your herbs,” Draco complained, throwing his hand over her shoulder.

  “Is there something wrong with them?” Hermione raised a brow.

  “Absolutely not. Love them.” He said, pulling her away from the table. 

  Hermione sighed, throwing a look at the ring that was now sliced in half. The crack went right through the middle of the jewel.

  “What a pity, it was a nice ring.”

  “Whatever, old garbage.” Draco breathed out.

  “Don’t say that. It used to be a family heirloom.”

  ***

  “I think they’re back,” Draco announced, getting up from the bed. “Are you coming?”

  “I’ll be downstairs in a minute,” Hermione promised in a sleepy voice.

  “We’ll be in the library.” He said before shutting the door.

  As soon as he was gone Hermione reached and opened a drawer in the bedside table. She slid a small black box into the pocket of her robe. Her friends were gone for so long that she almost fell asleep but now that they were back all her sleepiness was gone.

  Hermione hurried down the stairs, praying for no one to be hurt. She pushed the library door open to see everyone standing around the table. She breathed out, noticing that no one was visibly hurt.

  “Is everyone alright?” Hermione asked.

  “We’re great,” Ginny answered. “We were just discussing what caused such an uproar at Hogwarts.” She pointed to the ring.

  “He’s there. We located Voldemort thanks to you.” Harry said.

  “Thank Draco. He was the one who destroyed the Horcrux.” Hermione walked up to the table. “That’s excellent news. How exactly did you find out?”

  “Well, we sat there for a couple of hours. Nothing going on except a suspicious number of Death-eaters.” Ron commented, throwing a stare at Draco. “Then something happened, and everyone ran inside. We were way too far to make out what they were saying but they seemed on edge.”

  “We stayed longer and then suddenly he rushes out on the courtyard. He was furious…” Ginny said.

  “Yeah, he tortured one of his own. We could hear the screams even from a hill.” Ron explained. 

  “Alright, no need for details.” Harry stopped them. “We just have to figure out a plan now. Do you think the Order will help us? We could really use some numbers.”

  “Highly doubt it.” Hermione shook her head.

  “Alright, ten minutes of thinking, and then we brainstorm all together.” Ginny clapped her hands.

  Everyone scattered across the library trying to conjure up a plan. Hermione silently watched them, trying to find a reason for what she was about to do. It was treachery in its purest form. 

  
    Harry never wanted anyone to get hurt. He’ll understand.
  

  
    What I did to Draco is horrible. No matter what he says I can feel that it changed him. He feels hurt and guilty from the words that I made him say by agreeing to him 
  
  carrying the ring. 

  
    It would kill me to force them to go through any more pain. The more there is of us, the higher the risk of casualties.
  

  Hermione shook her head. No sorry eyes or goodbye kisses. She wasn’t going to do anything that would give her away. 

  She cleared her throat before announcing. “There’s something I need to show you.”

  Hermione impatiently waited for everyone to gather around the table once more. She had to do it now. Before she could regret her decision. She stepped away from the table and took out the black box. “This is something I found in an antique store that Draco took me to. I couldn’t figure out what it did for the longest time.” Hermione placed the tip of her wand into a small hole. “I suppose it’s some sort of an amplifier.”

  Everyone’s eyes were on the box, which gave Hermione enough time to say the words.

  “Petrificus Totalus.” 

  Four flashes of light burst out of the box, targeting her friends. Hermione let out a 
  shaky breath as she watched their bodies fall to the floor. 

  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I have never been holy, I have never been forgiven for wanting"
 The sky was painted in gray colors. Cold winds blew on top of the hill that she stood on. Hermione was looking at the Hogwarts castle beneath her. It looked like some creature’s den. Empty, dark, with dangers waiting for her inside. It was a ghost of the place she used to call her second home.She tried not to think about her friends lying helpless in the Manor’s library as she began her descent. Hermione gripped her wand tighter. The castle in front of her seemed strangely lifeless.
  He couldn’t have moved to a different place, could he?
She brushed the thought away. She didn’t want to think what it would mean. How she’d have to go back and face her friends, admit to her betrayal.Hermione stepped into the silent courtyard, feeling unsure. She tried to get angry, to become brave and fearless. But all she felt was fright and sadness.  Hermione looked around herself. She expected Death-eaters to be standing guard at the entrance or patrolling the grounds. All she heard was the whistle of the wind. She eyed the large wooden doors. For the first time in her life, she didn’t want to go inside Hogwarts. Hermione took an unsure step before freezing.Death-Eaters began apparating around her. She turned with her wand pointing from one death-eater to the other. She was surrounded. It was a trap. Hermione swallowed nervously. None of them moved, they were waiting for something. The doors swung open, revealing Voldemort. He looked even worse than usual, but he kept a steady pace as he approached her.“Hermione Malfoy…” He said as if he was trying to taste the words. “Where are your little friends?”“I’m alone. This time for sure. You can send your dogs to check if you don’t believe me.” She raised her head, trying to seem confident.Voldemort watched her for a moment before sending away a group of death-eaters with a slight movement of his hand.“Why did you come here?” He was almost curious.“I’m here to kill you.” Hermione gripped her wand tighter.Something close to a laugh escaped his throat. “You?”“Are you scared that a mudblood can defeat you?”“If I wanted you dead, you’d be lying on the grass by now. You are nothing, a small pawn that thinks too much about herself.” He hissed. “You played your role well. I must thank you for keeping the ring safe for so long.”“Is this why there are so many death-eaters around me? Because you’re not afraid? You must know but just as a reminder, we destroyed the ring.”Voldemort smiled. “You did. I underestimated you but it doesn’t matter now. I know where Harry is.”Words got stuck in Hermione’s throat as her heart was sent into a dance. The image of Harry helplessly lying on the floor floated into her head.“I never cared enough about you to go out of my way to kill you. You were interesting to me as Harry’s friend or someone to keep the ring safe. But now that you came all the way here it would be a pity to let you go.” He continued.Hermione turned her head, panicking. She noticed that the death-eaters that Voldemort sent away weren’t searching in the surrounding grounds. They were gone.“Where did they go?” Her voice trembled.“I think you already know.”
  No no no no no no no no no
Hermione stepped away but hit a death-eater’s chest with her back.“You don’t seem to believe in your friends. I always thought that they would put on a proper show before dying.”Hermione felt weak in her legs as tears filled her eyes.“Don’t worry. They won’t hurt Harry. I just need them to bring him here. His life belongs to me only.” Voldemort stroked his wand. “You’re crying already? I thought you would wait until you saw Harry die.”With a swift swing of his hands, Hermione’s wand flew into a bush. She didn’t care. It had no use now anyway.She didn’t do anything when a death-eater grabbed her hands and crossed them behind her back.
  They went to the Manor. 
She waited patiently for something to happen. But Voldemort was slowly circling the courtyard as death-eaters stood motionlessly around her. Minutes stretched into hours as her heart pounded frantically. She wanted to run away, to help them but a single step would send curses flying. And she didn’t even have her wand. She didn’t stand a chance.  A group of death-eaters reappeared after what seemed an hour. They seemed frightened. Hermione let out a sigh when she saw that they didn’t have Harry.
  They got away. I don’t know how but they got away. 
Hermione straightened her back. One of the death-eaters slowly walked up to Voldemort and whispered something to him. Voldemort’s face turned into an angry grimace before a green light flew out of his wand. The death-eater fell to the ground with a thud.“They ran away, didn’t they?” She laughed at him.Voldemort’s eyes shot up as he pointed his wand. The death-eater holding her let go as Hermione’s body convulsed in agony. She took the pain with dignity not letting a word out.Crucio She registered in the back of her mind.“Ran away? You stupid mudblood. They’re all dead.” Voldemort yelled.A cry escaped her throat. It was raw, animalistic. The pain from the curse took a secondary place, letting the loss take over.“They burned the Manor down to the ground with everyone still inside. They took Harry away from me.” Voldemort’s voice was filled with rage. “They took away his life from my hands.”Hermione screamed as her vision went blurry. It was a pain she never imagined existed. It felt as if she was slowly being torn to pieces. Voldemort swung his wand and her limp body fell to the ground. Hermione raised herself on weak hands, unable to get up. She panted and sobbed as she heard thuds. She didn’t need to look to know that Voldemort got rid of the entire group that went to the Manor.“I’m not going to let you die so easily. You will beg for your death. You will plead for mercy.” Voldemort hissed.“Kill me. I’m already begging you.” Hermione closed her eyes.She waited for darkness, for pain. Instead, she heard Voldemort step away.“Harry Potter is dead. The time for our glory and power has come. We will rise as the old world burns to ashes.” Voldemort yelled fanatically.Hermione heard someone ask him in a low voice. “What should we do with the mudblood, master?”“Lock her away. I’ll deal with her later.”Hermione was grabbed by her arms by two death-eaters. She tried to stop them but was jerked up and carried away.
  They’re dead because of me

  They’re dead because of me

  They’re dead because of me
They were at the doors when a voice reached her.“Do you think you have one more Avada in you for me?”Hermione tried to turn her head around but was stopped by one of the death-eaters. She began kicking frantically before one of them loosened the grip. Hermione’s heart raced as she saw Pansy standing on the edge of the courtyard.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Do you think you have one more Avada in you for me?”Hermione tried to turn her head around but was stopped by one of the death-eaters. She began kicking frantically before one of them loosened the grip. Hermione’s heart raced as she saw Pansy standing on the edge of the courtyard.“Pansy!” She yelled before being grabbed again.Hermione tried to push the death-eaters away fruitlessly. As she was dragged inside of Hogwarts, she heard yelling and curses being cast. She turned her head to see what was happening but one of the death-eaters closed the door behind him, separating them from the outside world. They stood in an empty hallway, which looked the same way it did the night of the battle for Hogwarts.“Let me go!” She tried to free herself.One of them took out his wand and held it to her neck. “Don’t move.” He warned.There was a flash before the death-eater holding her fell to the floor. Hermione let out a shuddered breath as the death-eater in front of her took off his mask.“You’re one crazy woman. What were you thinking going against him on your own?” Blaise shook his head.A sob escaped Hermione’s throat and before she knew it, she was hugging Blaise. He and Pansy were the only ones left. The reminders of her past life. The year that she imagined to be hell had passed, but it was one of the best times of her life.
  How did they find her? How did they pull this off?
She didn’t know and she didn’t care.“We have to go help, Pansy. I don’t think she’s going to last long on her own.” Hermione gathered herself.The door swung open, and she stepped away from Blaise, prepared to fight even without a wand.“I didn’t think you’d move on so easily.” Draco was covered in mud and someone’s blood, but he was alive.Hermione froze. She wanted to apologize for running away, to hug him, and to get out of this hallway all at the same time. Instead, she just watched him. She thought she’d never see Draco again.“Alright, I’m leaving. But don’t even think about staying here for longer than a few minutes.” Blaise said on his way out.She waited for the door to close before speaking. “Draco, I can’t even say how much...”“Are you hurt?” He cut her off.“I’m fine but I lost my wand.” She lied.“You don’t look well. What did they do to you?”Hermione hesitated for a moment. “Crucio.”Draco’s jaw tensed as he closed his eyes. He let out a breath, trying to calm down. He shoved a piece of fabric in her hands a moment later.“Put this on and get the hell out of here.”Hermione looked down to see Harry’s invisibility cloak in her hands. “I’m not leaving you or anyone. I want to help.”“You’ve already done enough. For once in your life listen to me and do what you’re told. We are all unhurt and you are wandless and tortured. Put this on and go to the Astronomy tower.” He ordered. “And don’t you dare go outside. Even if you’re invisible a curse can accidentally hit you.”“What about you?” Her voice trembled.“I’ll come and find you there. Don’t take the cloak off even once you get there. Everyone should be outside by now but there’s still a chance to run into a death-eater.” Draco said quickly.Hermione nodded. There was nothing else that she could do without risking becoming a hostage or winding up dead.“Do you promise me?” He asked her.“I promise.”She watched him walk out of the door before putting on the cloak and hurrying away. Hermione wished she could stop Draco, ask him to come with her. But she knew that she was in no position to ask for anything. Her friends almost died because of her. It was a weight she would carry for the rest of her life.Just as Draco said the hallways were empty, so Hermione got to the tower without any trouble or detours. She stepped onto the wooden platform with a creak. Hermione almost let out a gasp when a death-eater standing by the railing turned around. She held her breath, afraid to make any sound. He watched the place where she stood for another moment before turning back. The death-eater drew his wand, aiming at someone down at the courtyard. She couldn’t see who exactly he was targeting from where she stood but it didn’t matter. It was one of her friends.Without stopping herself to think twice Hermione ran to the death-eater, letting the cloak slip off. He turned around too late. She pushed him over with full force. Hermione watched the death-eater figure get smaller as he fell to the ground. She closed her eyes at the last second, but an awful crunch still reached her.Hermione stepped back, not allowing herself to look down. She tried not to think about it. She did what had to be done. It was the only way out. It was either him or one of her friends.Still, she felt dizzy. Hermione sat down and looked at the sky to distract herself. Far below her friends were fighting for their lives while she sat here waiting for Draco.
  What if he doesn’t come? What if he’s lying dead in the courtyard while I’m watching the clouds?
Hermione stopped herself from getting up and running to him. She made a promise. And she could tell that if she broke it, she’d lose Draco’s trust forever.She thought of the way he spoke to her down in the hallway. He was angry and he had the right to be. But Draco’s voice was filled with ice that he used when speaking to his father or Astoria. Never to her. Maybe she already lost all his trust. Maybe he just didn’t want her dead and that was where his feelings towards her ended now.Hermione closed her eyes and slowly counted to a hundred, then to two hundred, then to three, and on and on. She kept losing count and starting over, so when Draco’s hand touched her shoulder, she didn’t know how long she had waited for.“Did we…” Hermione started.“We won. Voldemort is dead.”She felt as if a boulder was lifted off her shoulders. They won. The words sounded surreal.“Everyone is alive,” Draco said before she could ask. “They’re in Hagrid’s hut patching up wounds and celebrating.”He helped Hermione get up and led her to the railing. They sat down, their legs hanging over the edge. They quietly watched the lake and hills stretching before them for a while. There was so much to say that it was better to stay silent.“Draco, I know there’s no use in apologizing for what I did. But I still want to explain myself.”“Don’t.” He shook his head. “You and I made a lot of mistakes. Too many of them. If we start to dissect them one by one, we’ll end up nowhere. We did what we had to do. It’s in the past now. Let’s try not to make any more in the future.”A smile formed on her lips as she nodded. “We’ll try our best.”Draco wiped a tear from her cheek before sliding his arm around Hermione and pulling her closer.“How did you get out?” She asked a minute later.“Blaise and Pansy found us. They came over to announce that they are dating and saw us on the floor. Soon, the death-eaters came, and we lit up the Manor before escaping. That’s why they thought we were dead.” Draco sighed.Hermione tried to switch the topic. “You don’t seem against them dating.”“Why would I be? I noticed that there was something going on a while back. Besides, Blaise would turn red and start sweating whenever I asked him anything about Pansy.”“She worried that you wouldn’t handle the news well.”“Pansy wanted my approval? I’ll make sure to remind her the next time she gets too wordy.”Hermione chuckled. “Don’t say that you heard it from me.”She looked around, still smiling before coming back to earth. They were sitting at the spot where a death-eater stood not so long ago.“Draco, there’s something I need to tell you. I killed someone. I pushed him down from the tower’s edge.” Hermione looked away. She didn’t want to see how he would look at her.“You’re telling this to me?” Draco spoke. “Just one? That’s way to go if you want to catch up to me.” He squeezed her shoulder lightly. “I know you’re worried and scared. There’s no need to. We’re going to leave all our troubles in this tower and once we walk out, we forget about them and go celebrate our freedom.”“A brand-new start.”“Especially now that we’re practically homeless.” Draco chuckled.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hermione and Draco spent almost a year in sunny Italy, waiting for their new home to be built. They didn’t regret losing the Manor. Its walls were stained with too many memories. They needed a fresh start. Everything had to be new.The decorations were finished by May and soon enough they moved in. The house wasn’t as far from civilization as the Manor used to be and it was much smaller. But it was filled with sunlight, plants, and light wood. It soon became a place for gatherings and celebrations. Almost every weekend the house was filled up with people. But they set up a rule. The rest of the week was for the two of them only.
  June 6th
“You know, I’ve always dreamt of a summer wedding.” Ginny smiled.“Stop fiddling, I can’t work under these conditions,” Pansy complained as she added final touches to the dress.“I know.” Hermione nodded. “And please stop moving.”“I’m just nervous.” Ginny shook her shoulders.“I get it, I was nervous too.” Hermione placed another flower into Ginny’s hair.She instantly received two stares.“That wasn’t even a proper wedding. It was all arranged.” Pansy huffed. “Have you two ever thought of a do-over? You know how people renew their vows.”Hermione cleared her throat. “Gin, I hate to be the person who announces something on someone else’s wedding.” She grabbed two envelopes from her bag. “We actually have thought so. It’s going to be small. Close friends only.”She handed out the invitations before being pulled into a group hug.“I’m so happy for you.” Ginny squeezed her tighter.Pansy opened her envelope almost instantly. “August…I like it.”The door opened as Molly Weasley stormed in. “You’re still not ready? You’re going to be late to your own wedding.”“Mom, I don’t think they’ll start without me.” Ginny chuckled.“I think it’s best if we evacuate immediately,” Pansy whispered.“We’ll be in the garden.” Hermione said as she was pushed outside by her friend.They walked out into a rose garden bathed in golden sunlight filled with guests. Two tall ginger heads rushed to them.“Is she crying?” Fred asked.“What? Why would she cry?” Hermione raised a brow.“Wedding, nerves. I don’t know. Is she?” George pushed his brother out of the way.“No, she’s not,” Pansy said in a tone that signaled her being fed up with the twins.Throughout the day the twins made various bets on what could go wrong. After being asked whether the dress got stained for the fifth time even Hermione got tired of it.“Told you she wasn’t going to cry,” George said proudly. “Two galleons, please.”“You wish, the wedding isn’t over yet.” Fred shook his shoulders.“Hey, that wasn’t the deal,” George said offended.The girls quickly walked away before they got dragged into the fight between the twins. Draco was already waiting for Hermione on the nearest bench.“Can we talk somewhere private?”“Sure.” Hermione nodded to Pansy before walking to the further end of the garden.No one bothered to walk so far away from the buffet to notice a small alcove covered in ivy behind a tall bush.“Have you told them?” Draco asked.“Only about the wedding,” Hermione answered after checking that no one was around.“Why?”“Draco, I’m not going to be the friend that announces her wedding and her pregnancy at her best friend’s wedding. I can’t do this to Gin.” She chuckled.“Alright, take your time but not too much. If you wait long enough, there won’t be a need to announce it.”Hermione rolled her eyes before remembering something important. “What about your parents? Are you going to tell them?”“I’m not sure yet. Not until I’m certain that my father won’t try to do any harm.” He fixed his tie before continuing. “That’s not why I wanted to talk.”He took a small velvet box out of his pocket. “A bride should always have a ring. Will you marry me, Hermione?”“Yes.” She nodded with a smile.He slid the ring onto her finger before kissing her hand. No more Slytherin green. The centerpiece of the ring was a diamond.There was a rustle before Pansy appeared. “I was looking for you two. The wedding is about to begin.”Her eyes widened when she saw the ring on Hermione’s finger.“Let’s go then. I’m a bridesmaid, I can’t be late.” Hermione hurried before Pansy said anything.There will be a time when they will all talk, gossip, and share future plans. But today was Ginny’s day only and Hermione wasn’t going to let her friend down. Draco took her hand as they walked towards their spots. Hermione smiled at the thought that soon enough she’ll be the one walking down the aisle.“What are you smiling about?” Draco whispered before taking a seat.“Nothing,” Hermione said as she walked to her spot.
  