Thanks go out to VIVAvivacious for the generous application of her beta skills to this chapter.

Carefully, she made her way through the snow, feet crunching softly in the icy white flakes beneath them.

It was cold, but she could barely feel the wind that whipped around her or the frostiness that permeated the surrounding air. Her eyes focussed on the graveyard she was approaching, darting around helplessly as she searched. On the edge of the graveyard, she sucked in a nervous breath, fear pooling in the pit of her stomach as she pressed her back against a tall headstone. She poked her head around to see if she could see anything from her position.

Red. There was fresh blood spilled on the snow. Her eyes widened. Perhaps she was already too late? She felt sick at the thought and pushed it out of her mind. Ducking around the headstone, she made her way carefully through the various graves and past the tall statues that littered the site. She could see the bloodstained snow becoming increasingly red as she approached the centre of the yard, splashed on the cold grey stones that surrounded her.

She shivered. The sight both thrilled her and sickened her. She felt her foot bump into something on the ground, and she looked down to see a bloody hand in the snow, her eyes following up from the hand to an arm and shoulder. Reaching down, she brushed more snow away and gasped, snatching her hand away.

Remus... His eyes were empty and lifeless, just as she had expected them to be.

She held back the sob that threatened to pass through her lips, feeling anger surge through her at the very same time. Her magic crackled around her head, making her curls seem static despite the moisture in the air. Drawing her wand from her sleeve, she pressed on, not bothering to turn and look back at her fallen friend.

Slowing down, she paused behind the statue of a cloaked figure, poking her head around it to see if there was anyone around. Her eyes widened when she saw a bloody and bruised Snape on his knees in the snow right beside an equally-crippled Draco, who was slumped over slightly. The air left her chest when she moved further around to see who their captors were. Her breath whooshed out of her lungs as quickly as she had inhaled.

Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange.

She should have guessed it would have been them. Grasping her wand more tightly, she inhaled a deep, steadying breath, preparing to take them by surprise. She moved forward suddenly. Staring down at her feet, she saw they were moving but could barely feel the action with the rest of her body. She felt a little disconnected. Suddenly, she was out in the open, holding her wand out straight. She could see Snape stare at her, shaking his head minutely as she continued to press on.

Her mind was raging at her body. All she could see was Snape and Draco – Bellatrix and Lucius were long out of her line of vision. She felt her magic rippling beneath her skin, soaring through her veins. She vaguely saw a flash of green, and a moment later Draco’s body slumped to the ground, unmoving. Her stomach lurched. Where had the curse come from? She changed her focus to the elder Malfoy and Lestrange. Both were smiling cruelly – wickedly. She had barely even seen the green flash of light.

She fought within herself, staring back down at Snape. One of his cheeks was bruised badly enough to close up one of his eyes, and his bottom lip was split and bleeding. Her feet kept pulling her towards him slowly. She was only three feet away when she stopped in her tracks. She could feel her magic coursing through her like wildfire, pulsing through her veins, constantly seeking an outlet.

She stared at Snape’s face, willing him to say something. She forced her gaze up to both Malfoy and Bellatrix, wondering why it was they had not struck her down.

When she felt her arm move of its own accord, however, the answer was clear. She grit her teeth in her mouth, pressing as hard as she could against the magic coursing through her and controlling her. Tears of fury glazed over her eyes but never fell. She could hear the laughter coming from both before her and behind her as Lucius Malfoy walked to stand beside her.

‘Ah, Mudblood, fool you twice, shame on you,’ he whispered into her ear, allowing a long, leather-clad finger to travel over the skin of her neck. ‘Now, my precious little Mudblood whore, do what your master commands and teach Snape a lesson for us.’

Hermione felt revulsion and anger rise within her. She wanted to spit in his face. He had used her to kill his own son. Anguish over Draco swept through her but was quickly replaced by fear when instead her wand arm rose and she found it pointing directly at Snape, who stared at her wordlessly. She looked at him, silently begging him to understand. His eyes told her he did.

‘Crucio,’ her own voice said, and immediately Snape was writhing on the ground in pain.

Hermione felt hot tears sear her skin as the moisture finally built up to the point where they could no longer be contained by the curse she was under. Her mind screamed at her body, fighting as hard as she could to stop what was going on. She wasn’t strong enough to fight it. She wanted to scream, but she could not control her mouth.

A moment later, the curse on Snape was ended. She looked down at him through eyes that could see nothing else. They were torturing her by forcing her to do this. She was forced to watch as Snape struggled to haul himself upright and out of the snow. Her captors, whoever they were, struck again before he had time to recover slightly.

‘Sectumsempra,’ she hissed. The voice was hers, but the words belonged to another.

Blood began to flow freely from large cuts that began to open all over Snape’s body. She could hear the gurgling sound he made as the blood choked him, spilling from the corner of his mouth. He fell to the ground on his back, writhing and clutching at his throat. His eye that could still open properly was wide with fear. Hermione pushed hard, harder than she had ever pushed before against the magic controlling her, forcefully expelling it from her subconscious.

She threw herself to the ground, clutching at Snape, his deep red blood seeping into her clothes and hair as she sobbed, holding his head to her chest.

‘Snape... Severus,’ she moaned loudly. ‘I’m so sorry, Severus!’

‘Hermione? Oh, for the love of Merlin! Hermione, wake up!’Hermione’s eyes flew open, and she looked around wildly, abruptly sitting up. Snape was sitting on her bed right beside her, grasping one of her shoulders, his eyes wild and dark hair tousled from sleep. She felt her breathing slowly ease back to normal, and she reached up to touch her face to find hot tears wetting her cheeks. She dropped her hand and saw the beads of salty water glistening on her fingertips. It had all just been a dream.She sucked in a deep breath when he reached out to swipe the tears from her cheeks. He cupped one of her cheeks in his large, warm hand and shifted closer to her. She felt her bottom lip begin to quiver as the tears began to fall freely from her eyes once more. Guilt wracked her. Even though it was just a horrible nightmare, the cold feeling that settled in the pit of her stomach made her shiver and shake as she cried out all of her emotions.Snape’s arms immediately went around her, rubbing her back gently as she sobbed onto his shoulder.‘Hermione,’ he murmured into her hair, moving a hand up to twist his long fingers into her curls. ‘Shhh, it was just a nightmare. You are safe.’‘I… I killed him,’ she cried out, her tears wetting his bare shoulder. ‘I k-killed him, and they made me… made me hurt you.’Snape kissed the top of her head, murmuring soothing words and rocking her ever so slightly as she cried, her body shaking hard from the force of her tears and hiccoughing. Eventually the tears ran out, and she simply remained in his arms, clinging to the warmth of his bare skin and burrowing deep into his embrace. She felt safe and warm there, and her magic was singing through her veins at their closeness. Snape said nothing to her when she pulled back and looked up at his face with her tear-stained one. He simply Summoned a handkerchief to him from his own room and dabbed away the wetness slowly, allowing her to take it so she could blow her running nose.‘Come now,’ Snape said, gently releasing her from his grasp and helping to ease her back beneath the bedcovers. ‘You must try and get some proper sleep.’Hermione’s eyes widened and she shook her head. ‘I don’t th-think I could possibly sleep again tonight,’ she murmured softly. ‘I don’t want to dream that again. I killed you both in my dreams. It felt so real…’‘Tell me,’ he urged gently, stroking her hair out of her face as she lay back on her pillow to look up at him.‘I was walking towards a cemetery at first, and it was snowing. It was so cold for a while that I felt like my fingers would go numb and fall off,’ she whispered, staring up at the ceiling. ‘When I got there, I hid behind the statues and gravestones as I made my way through the mess. I saw lots of blood and dead Order members, but I didn’t stop until I looked around and saw you and Draco kneeling in the snow surrounded by Death Eaters. I didn’t know why, but I started to walk to you. I couldn’t feel the cold or understand what was drawing me to you. There was a flash of green, and Draco slumped over, dead. It took me too long to realise someone had me under the Imperius curse.’‘What was the cemetery like?’ Snape asked, frowning slightly from her mention of the place.‘It was huge, and there were large grotesques and statues situated above many of the gravestones. There was a large crypt towards the centre,’ she answered, confused.‘Have you ever been to the place you have just described?’ he asked.‘Not at all, why?’ she asked.‘That graveyard you described just now, I know it,’ he replied quietly. ‘It is the Riddle family’s burial site. All the Dark Lord’s Muggle ancestors were buried in that very plot, including Tom Riddle, his father.’‘I knew it would be significant,’ Hermione replied, stifling a leftover hiccough from her cry. ‘I won’t be able to sleep like this, Snape.’He nodded. ‘Give me a moment,’ he told her before getting up from his seat on her bed and quickly walking out of the room.When he returned, Hermione took a moment to admire Snape’s naked chest. He was clad in only a long pair of cotton sleeping pants that rode low on his hips, leaving his pale, well-sculpted torso bare. He was no body builder, but there were toned, wiry muscles where she thought he would be skin and bone, and she appreciated the sight. He held in his hand a vial of clear blue liquid she immediately recognised as a mild sedative that would help her to grow drowsy enough to sleep. She had been administered too much Dreamless Sleep that week already.‘If you take this, you may find slumber will come easier to you, but you will not sleep so deeply that nightmares will plague you again,’ he told her.She nodded and held out her hand to accept the offering, popping the cork and swallowing the bitter contents with a scrunch of her nose. She placed the empty vial on her nightstand and looked up just in time to see Snape walking towards the door to leave. She felt panic rise in her again, and she reached out a hand to him frantically.‘Stay!’ she called out softly, the potion already beginning to have an effect on her system.She watched as Snape paused for just a moment before closing the door quietly and walking around the bed to the other side. He turned the covers down just enough to slip in beside her, and he quickly gathered her into his arms, spooning against her. She wriggled against him until they were flush, and the last thing she could recall as she drifted into the darkness was Snape’s lips pressing against the back of her neck.

A/N – Loved ones dying in dreams is always scary.

