It was the pain he felt first when he came around to reality.

The pain of his heart being cast into stone, so visceral and deep that no sound escaped his throat even though he wanted to scream. It erupted somewhere deep in his belly, his lungs contracting even as it spread throughout, his veins full of fire and his love seeping away.

He wanted to sob. Wished he could, not because of the pain, oh no. He wished to cry because soon enough, he would not be able to.

When one’s heart is made of stone, does one truly feel?

A lone tear escapes his eye, the last remaining inside his body. For he does not know when he’ll cry again. He lets them all out, closes his eyes when he feels the rapid cooling of his heart and how it doesn’t hurt anymore.

Closes his eyes to the weeping eyes of his grandmother, the stone-like faces of his family and the people of his kingdom.

Closes his eyes to love.

When he wakes up next, he does not feel, does not hurt, and most sorrowful of all- he does not love at all.

The sea feels like freedom when Jeongguk takes a deep breath in.He feels the sun on his face, feels its warmth and the way it turns his skin golden-brown, lighter in areas where the cloth covers his arms. His nails are cracked around the ropes he holds; when he wipes the sweat on his face and around his mouth, he can taste the salt on his skin.The sea sings to his blood and bones and Jeongguk gives a shout, rejoices in her calling and feels- alive.“Oye! Can you cut down the yelling or will I have to tie that mouth of yours with a rope?”His joy is cut briefly by Yoongi’s sharp voice, soft yet clear enough to slice through even the loudest of sounds. Jeongguk grins and opens his mouth a little wider, swinging from the sails and letting his tongue out, challenging the elder. Yoongi scowls but doesn’t do much, as Jeongguk knew he wouldn’t. The man can’t be bothered to move beyond necessary and Jeongguk wonders how this scrawny, pale, cat of a man was well-renowned as one of the best adventurers in the world.“As if you would climb all the way up here to stop me,” Jeongguk crows as he climbs down; Yoongi stands at the bottom of the pole with his hands on his hips. Yoongi might be old, scrawny and sickly-looking (though very healthy) but his mind and tongue are sharper than the sharpest of knives and even Jeongguk, the brat that he is, knows better than to push the sailor around. He values his short-lived life. “You hate to physically exert yourself.”“If it involves beating your arse, I wouldn’t hesitate,” he replies in a heartbeat, before turning around. Jeongguk scampers after him into the deep of the ship, admiring it as he walks. It’s a new one, built from scratch with the best of teak wood, small but sturdy. It’s a thing of beauty. “But your family was asking for you. If I hear one more question about your whereabouts, I will ask them to transfer your wardenship to me.”“I wouldn’t mind it,” Jeongguk retorts back cheekily, stepping aside neatly so that Yoongi doesn’t swat at him. He giggles at his unimpressed expression. “What? I’m just saying. You and Seokjin aren’t any less than my parents at this point.”“Aish, you brat. Just go. I don’t want to even think of the alternative.”“I’m hurt, Yoongi, don’t you want me to be your ward? I’d be so good. I’m so strong; I could lift all that wood and meat and we could live happily ever after-”“Jeongguk.”“Fine, fine, I’m leaving. Do miss me,” Jeongguk sniffs, before lifting himself up on the railing and jumping down on the wooden bridge below, rather than take the crossing like a normal man. He hears Yoongi grumble behind about how he’s a “show-off”, followed by the giggles of the girls basking in the late afternoon sun. Jeongguk winks at them before moving ahead, preening a little in the subtle praise.He walks a few minutes before he runs down to the town dwellings of Sunsong. It is a little way off from the sea, which is why he’s not fond of it, but the rest of his life lives here and it’s a small compensation, one that he makes do with.He’s almost to the market when he feels the sudden weight fall upon him, the smell of tangerines, sage and sweat mixing together in his nostrils, a scent as familiar to him as the air he breathes. Jeongguk doesn’t turn around to acknowledge the weight because his body already knows who this person is.“One of these days you’re going to fall into the sea, become a merman and never come back to us,” Jimin says in his ears, voice high, clear and familiar, something that has spoken to him, crooned at him and yelled at him with for all his life. “Were you with Yoongi? Again?”Jeongguk shrugs. “Beats the fishing trade at any rate.”Jimin swats him up his head, and Jeongguk lets out a whine. His friend was more physically reactive than anyone ought to be, really. “It’s your family’s trade. Be more respectful of it.” Jimin gives him a side-eye and sighs. “It pays for that bratty stomach and mouth of yours, you know.”“And the drinks, don’t forget.” Jimin does not appreciate Jeongguk’s retort and swats him even harder, which leads to them scuffling all the way until he’s at his home’s doorstep.The scuffle is forgotten when a woman comes out of the house; she’s young- but the age tells on her in subtle ways, the signs of being the mother of two boys set deep into the wrinkles of her skin. The grey shines in her hair from the fading sun, framing her face like a halo. “Ah, Jeongguk. You’re home.”Jeongguk smiles as he bows to greet his mother, leaning down to hug her and kiss her on the cheek. She pats his cheek fondly and turns her attention to Jimin who is standing back respectfully. She greets him like a third son, the familiarity bleeding out.“Is there food?” Jeongguk asks, toeing off his shoes before entering, smelling fish and rice that causes his stomach to grumble.“Your favourite. Or at least, your second favourite,” she replies in that same, steady tone. “Jimin, will you stay for dinner?”“I don’t know if I should…”“Nonsense. You know you’re always welcome to partake in our family’s food. There’s enough for all of us.”Decision made, Jeongguk’s mother disappears in the kitchen. Jeongguk sets down the mats on the low-lying table on the floor, only for him and Jimin. He knows he’s late, that his father and brother have already eaten and gotten back to the last hour of work while Jeongguk was whiling away his time on Yoongi’s boat, again (as Jimin had pointed out). Jimin often eats at his house, having no family to cook for him for a long time now. He knows his mother doesn’t offer Jimin a home out of pity but out of love, yet the struggle evident on his dear friend’s face makes it clear that he feels that all too familiar guilt.Jeongguk dislikes that look. It doesn’t suit Jimin, who looks best with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his puffy eyes. Getting through to Jimin is delicate work, though, and Jeongguk’s preferred method is by making him laugh. So be it.“Admit it,” Jeongguk begins, tone light. “You were defending my family trade because the food feeds your mouth too.”Jimin looks blankly before rolling his eyes, trying to stop his lips from curling into that easy smile. “You’re a true brat, Jeon Jeongguk.”“I give you the shelter of my love, my home-”“Oh goodness-”“-and this is how you repay me? I am disappointed in you.”Jimin doesn’t miss a beat. “I think Seokjin is rubbing off on you.”Jeongguk looks at him. Jimin looks back. Then both burst into laughter, Jimin’s high peals of it distinct from Jeongguk’s cackle. Jimin pats Jeongguk’s head fondly even as he wipes tears of laughter from his face. “Yah, thank you for making me feel better.”Jeongguk only nods. Jimin is fine with affection, but Jeongguk takes his time and isn’t very vocal about it. He can only hope to show Jimin that though he doesn’t have his family anymore, doesn’t mean that Jeongguk and his family can’t be his. They have been for so long, Jimin is almost an honorary member of the Jeon family at this point.“You always have a home in me, in us. Never forget.”They dig into their bowls of fish stew and let the silence speak for the rest of it.||The day he turns nineteen and is finally of age is celebrated with much pomp, and even Jeongguk, who has not been looking forward to what comes with coming of age, is inclined to agree that as celebrations go, this was a way to go for it.“The drinks are on me tonight!” Jimin exclaims as he pushes Jeongguk into the town tavern, one of the better ones in Sunsong that they’ve agreed to visit only for occasions worth celebrating. Jeongguk hadn’t really thought his name day could be one of them. “You can have anything you want. And I won’t call you a brat- these are your special privileges.”Jeongguk grins, taking in the environment of the tavern. It is dimly lit but warm, filled with people of his region, some that he recognises and some that he thinks are travellers or visitors from other regions of Sinwang, and how every table is littered with tumblers of alcohol. “It seems I should be turning nineteen every day then.”Jimin rolls his eyes, pushing Jeongguk towards a table that is miraculously empty. It’s just the two of them, as it’s always been- neither have a dearth of friends, but both trust only each other the most. Jeongguk’s current sombre mood contributing to it. “I’m glad it isn’t, you’d drive me into debt with that callous attitude of yours.” He signals the bar lady for two tumblers of rice wine, which Jeongguk’s only had on the sly occasion, and only with Jimin.The tumblers appear; Jimin goes for his immediately, downing a big gulp of it while Jeongguk takes his time. This is his first time ordering alcohol and being legally allowed to do so, one of the many perks of being nineteen. It’s a good enough perk, overshadows all the other responsibilities that come with being of age.Jeongguk takes a gulp, shivering a little at how cold it is despite the humidity in the air, how it washes down his throat (and a little onto his tunic), and lastly, how bitter-sweet it is. He wrinkles his nose as he finishes it, smacking his lips at the bitter aftertaste. Jimin laughs at his expression and orders two more tumblers, whispering playfully to the bar lady that its Jeongguk’s nineteenth. She gives Jeongguk a fond look and pats his hair before nodding wordlessly.“It’s insane how the town people adore you when you’re so reclusive,” Jimin comments, his tone set at medium. The din of the tavern is such that silent conversations are impossible. Jeongguk only shrugs, unable to explain why exactly the town knows of him and is partial to him when he doesn’t interact with them enough, though he is polite and respectful, as he was taught to be. “What are your plans for the training period?”At this, Jeongguk frowns, making sure Jimin knows just how unimpressed he is with the question. He’s beginning to think he hates it, hates how it’s all anyone can think of in the final year of formal education, how parents and town folk talk about their children’s plans or how some begin vying for potential apprenticeships. More than that, it’s the implicit pressure he receives due to his family name and their trade; the Jeon family has been in the fishing trade for years. They’ve made quite a name for themselves through the generations, and the reputation continues. The town folk (and his family) expect Jeongguk to follow into his father’s and brother’s footsteps and join the trade as well. Who wouldn’t? It is a rich trade with promises of stability; their town isn’t bereft of ports and connections to the entire kingdom of Sinwang, as well as other countries. It is a good, logical choice.It’s also something Jeongguk desperately wants to avoid following into.“I thought this was meant to be a celebration,” Jeongguk grumbles after a moment of tense silence and the bar lady drops by with the two tumblers. “Did you have to bring up the topic?”Jimin, to his credit, doesn’t look offended. Just concerned, which Jeongguk hates, because it’s such a Jimin thing to do, to take care of him just because he happens to be two years younger. “You’ve been avoiding discussion of it for so long because you could. You now have two weeks before they come around asking you which trade you’ve picked out.” Jimin leans forward, an earnest look in his eyes. “I’m only looking out for you, Jeongguk.”Which is good. Because Jimin is right; if, in two weeks; Jeongguk doesn’t make a decision regarding his trade of choice, the Academy teachers will come by. Their town and region is a fair one out of the many the kingdom rules, with a lot more freedom than any other- his history classes have said so- but it is still expected of every citizen of age and above to be involved in a trade and contribute to the taxes that keep the town and by large, the kingdom running. There’s also the good part that there’s no hard and fast rule about choosing one’s family trade- it becomes an expected norm, but it’s not the law. Jeongguk can choose any trade he wants or is good at. This is where the first of his problems usually start- Jeongguk is exceptional at everything. His teachers at the Academy have rattled it off to many about how gifted and talented he is, which he dislikes because it has always made him feel so small in his classes. In addition to that is his father’s and brother’s expectation that he will join them in fishing, though neither have ever forced or guided him towards that. There’s a reason it’s called expected, after all, and it runs Jeongguk’s mind into a spiral if he thinks about it long enough.Tonight’s the night that he doesn’t want to reach a point to think long enough, and he tells Jimin so. “Please, let me have tonight. I’ll go back to being responsible tomorrow.”Jimin looks like he wants to prod at the whys of Jeongguk’s hesitancy and resistance, maybe use the advantage of the alcohol steadily seeping into his veins and get him to be truthful, which won’t take long because Jeongguk doesn’t like lying, especially to Jimin. But Jimin shuts his mouth and nods sharp, clinking the tumbler against Jeongguk’s.“To your nineteenth!” He sings, his voice louder than expected, and some men and women around nearby hear him, cheer for him which he returns, and then drinks deep from the cup. It is heart-warming to feel that support once, even briefly, a feature characteristic of the Sunsong people. As far as town histories go, the knowledge that has been drilled into him, Jeongguk’s aware that his town is as close to perfection as can be. There isn’t a perfect town, not at all, and his town doesn’t envision it either, but they’ve fought long and hard for the sort of freedom they have from the Sinwang crown, and they’re proud of it. This is one of the ways- supporting town members and celebrating every little occasion together. It’s probably how the town folk know him despite his reclusiveness.Around his third drink- now deep in his veins, he can feel how his mouth is like cotton and his legs seem unsteady every time he stands, he catches the eye of a girl across the tavern. Around the third drink is also where his table is suddenly crowded, his vision now interrupted by Yoongi’s scowl and Seokjin’s formidable beauty.“Jeongguk-ah!” Seokjin exclaims, wrapping him in a hug that’s warm and feels like home. Jeongguk breathes in Seokjin’s combined scent of flour, sugar and also meat, from the kitchen he owns and runs. These are the scents he has also grown up around. Next to him, Yoongi doesn’t offer a hug- just a nod, a tumbler of mead already in his hand. “Congratulations on your nineteenth name day. Come by tomorrow for the gift Yoongi and I have prepared.”“You made a gift?” Seokjin grins and Yoongi grunts, which is how Jeongguk knows it was probably Yoongi’s idea. He was always more subtly affectionate than he liked to let on. “Thank you so much, Seokjin and Yoongi. I’ll come by tomorrow.”“Don’t make it too late; I have some work on the ship,” Yoongi drawls, sipping his mead slowly. “I see the way you’re eyeing that girl over there.”Jeongguk blushes while Jimin giggles and Seokjin cackles. They’ve always liked to pick at him for how popular he is with the youth regarding some of his more…physical pursuits. How it’s been so since he was sixteen. He decides to change the topic, though Yoongi’s not wrong in his implications. “Do you need any help on the boat?”Yoongi’s mouth twitches like he knows why Jeongguk shifted topics but levels him an unimpressed look. “For once in your life, stop thinking about the boat and the sea and visit us for us.” Jeongguk cackles himself, and Yoongi shakes his head. “Brat.”This is how the night proceeds. Jabs from Yoongi and Seokjin, an embarrassing relay of his childhood tales from Jimin, who reels in any patron willing to lend an ear and soon, he is surrounded by people of the town giggling and telling their own tales of Jeongguk as a child. It is one of the traditions, to tell stories of the person turning nineteen, a nostalgic farewell to childhood and working towards trade and being an adult. Jeongguk blushes through some and laughs at others, but throughout it all, he makes eyes with the girl, who giggles and whispers towards her friends. He finishes the last of his mead- no more, or he would succumb to the effects of it- and announces his leave. Seokjin notices his attention and whistles low, winking at him while Jimin makes obscene gestures that he ignores, hoping the girl across didn’t see them.He feels quite steady when he reaches her, her friends assessing him slowly and then giggling while the girl bites her lips. Jeongguk grins, knowing that his charms lie in his smile and his eyes, which is probably how he stayed out of trouble at the Academy. The girl looks smitten already, as many do, men and women and others, and Jeongguk knows just how this night of celebration will end.He may be of age now, but he’s not a stranger to his physical endeavours. It isn’t possible to when surrounded by so much at the Academy and the town celebrations, though there are some who never engage. In their town, it is even encouraged, though he’s heard of places and cultures where it’s not.“Hello,” Jeongguk says, bowing slightly and the girl bows back. She’s leaning against the wall, small in stature but making up for it in her confident gait. Her hair is braided loosely, a feather weaved into it, some of her hair framing her pretty face. “Would you be interested in a drink?”“No asking for my name?” The girl asks, eyebrow raised. Her friends giggle all around.“I was hoping for a more private setting before we set of to know each other,” he replies easily, leaning sideways against the wall next to her. He knows the girl is attracted to him and this is just a game, and he’s good at the game but he’s not very good at patience.“You’re bold,” the girl says. She calls for a tumbler, waving her friends off. “I’ll be fine, you all can leave. I’ll come by tomorrow.” The friends giggle, some of them wiggling their eyebrows and then leaving in hushed whispers. Then it’s just him and the girl and the tumbler on the table. Both sit down and she takes a deep sip while looking into his eyes. They already seem dark and hooded.“My name is Jeongguk,” he begins, and the night takes over.||They crash into the room, breathing each other in while stumbling through the door and hitting the back of it just as fast, hastily undoing their tunics and belts.Jeongguk and the girl- her name was Akira- hadn’t engaged in the game of pretence for long. Both were mutually interested and exchanged small talk while she finished her mead, steadily leaning towards each other and neither making excuses for the lingering glances and the casual touches. They don’t hesitate when asking the bar lady for a spare room in the tavern quarters, and they don’t hesitate to initiate once they’re out of the boisterous environment and prying eyes.Akira knows what she wants and it’s a relief for someone like Jeongguk, who likes things fast and at his pace. There’s no bullshitting here, just two people drunk and wanting to have a good time. Akira pushes him towards the cot once their clothes are off, climbing on top of him and straddling him. Their breathing is hard, chests heaving and hands wanting.“I finished my apprenticeship today,” she says, which Jeongguk understands as her reason for celebration. And what she expects for a celebration. He decides he’s not above his subtle requests either.“And I turned nineteen,” he replies, grinning when she raises an eyebrow before smiling. “So we both know what we want.”She reaches for his belt and begins to undo it, removing his trousers slowly. “We do. And tomorrow you’re going to face that shit show of “what trade”, so might as well as make it worth it, hmm?”Jeongguk couldn’t agree more. When she’s done removing his pants and they’re both naked in the dim lighting of the room, he flips her around and hovers over her. She looks a little affronted at having the position taken from her. He leans down and exchanges another kiss, deep and filthy, tasting faintly of mead and raspberries. Then he grins again, knowing it’s the way to people’s hearts and pleads with his eyes.“First round’s on me.”||The sun hits his eyes first when he wakes up, groaning at the aches that he’s immediately aware of, the ones littering his hips, thighs and throat that he’s so familiar with. His mouth feels swollen and dry, like sandpaper, and he blinks away the pain of the bright light piercing into his eyes. Next to him lies Akira, barely covered with a sheet, her body a canvas of purple and red. She’s sleeping peacefully, her hair astray- Jeongguk had barely left it all night- and curled around herself. Because they’d mutually agreed not to cuddle afterwards.Jeongguk’s under no obligation to leave a note- he’s done this enough times and with partners who have the same intentions as him- but he does so anyway. No one likes to wake up to an empty, stained bed and the unwelcome smell of sex lingering about. Jeongguk doesn’t, at least, and he hastily scribbles a thank you note to Akira after he’s dressed into his tunic, which stinks, and he leaves for home where he can bathe in peace before leaving for Seokjin and Yoongi’s place.He meets the bar lady on his way down and blushes when she winks at him, having enough sense to have a hearty breakfast before even thinking of stepping out into the sun. According to the sundial kept on the mantle, it was closer to noon than morning. Jeongguk pays and sets off, itching to get out of the clothes.On his walk back home is where the thoughts catch up to him, no longer negated by mead and warm skin around him. The sun beats down on him and it’s his first day away from the strict schedule enforced by the Academy. For the next two weeks, he is somewhat a free man- though with the decisions that plague him, he hardly thinks it constitutes as being ‘free’. Jeongguk’s formal education is over and he’s been introduced to everything bit by bit- the history, the arts, the sciences as well as the more practical aspects, a little bit of every trade flourishing in Sunsong and all over Sinwang. Education is important and highly revered and made accessible to every child. Jeongguk knows he should be grateful- but his heart has never been into the monotony of it.For him, it’s always been the sea, the thrill and call of it and the waves crashing into the rocks, the smell of wood polish for the boats and the ships, the calluses left by the ropes. Jeongguk has always been enamoured by the travellers and the traders, the people who explore the seas and other cities and countries and come back with stories galore. He knows it’s not strange to want to be interested in the traveller trade, but he knows it’s unusual to be this passionate about it. Though his parents have never said anything about it, he knows how expectations work.He doesn’t know how to tell them that his heart has been set on the trade since he was twelve and first met Yoongi, and how he yearns for that taste of adventure. He doesn’t know how to tell and not hurt them, because he knows they will be, even when they have his older brother in the trade ready to carry it forward.He supposes he should thank the Gods that he’s the younger of the two and has little pressure compared to his brother. There’s also the niggling doubt at the back of his mind about the most important aspect of his dream: whether Yoongi would take him on as an apprentice or not.He leaves the worry for their meeting later, because he sure as hell will be after the elder to take him on. But for now, he needs a bath, more food and belated congratulations from his family members. The rest will come after.||He reaches Yoongi and Seokjin’s home some two hours later, the afternoon sun beginning to set in, the town in the midst of siesta. In an hour or so they’ll open shop again and start the business until the night, so Jeongguk has little time to set out his proposal.He’s not in the best of moods. His father had asked him during lunch what trade he intended to join, and his family’s gaze felt heavy as stone when he stuttered out what he wanted. To say that his father was disappointed was putting it mildly- he hadn’t objected, but he hadn’t been enthusiastic either- save his mother, but then, his mother had been firm that the trade Jeongguk chose wouldn’t change the love she held for him. But his father- he knows he’s made a cut between them, dimmed whatever they had, a tumbler of ice-cold in the warmth they had for each other. Children going against the family trade was not unheard of, but it was unexpected for people like Jeongguk who belonged to prestigious families with rich trades.So Jeongguk’s not very confident in his skills to woo Yoongi over to his side. All of this depends on Yoongi agreeing to be his master and teach him the necessary skills, which may be difficult considering that Yoongi retired from the trade entirely and focused on ship-building instead. Jeongguk’s aware there’s some painful history behind this decision, but he’s never dared asked Yoongi what it could be- he’s much too private to be encroached in that way, even with how close the two of them are. Or how much Jeongguk worships his pale arse.Jeongguk knocks at their door and is greeted with Seokjin’s cheerful smile, gathered into his arms and breathing in those scents again. He gets a whiff of fresh cinnamon-bread wafting through the air and he can see the flour crusted in Seokjin’s hands and hair. He makes his way towards the kitchen like he has so many times before, the layout as familiar as his home. He finds Yoongi in the kitchen, humming as he kneads dough for the next batch.“Cinnamon-bread on the menu today?” He asks, sitting on the chair and leaning back. Seokjin follows into the kitchen, dusting his hands to prepare fresh tea, leaning down to peck Yoongi. Jeongguk’s heart warms, always happy seeing his two adopted parents engage in rare domesticity, given how allergic Yoongi is to being freely affectionate.“Seokjin caught a fancy,” Yoongi shrugs, washing his hands and coming over. He helps Seokjin run his kitchen sometimes along with his shipping trade, being an excellent cook as well. “What’s on your mind though?”“Hmm?”“You’re in a shit mood, do talk,” Yoongi says without batting an eyelid, pulling the chair in front of Jeongguk out and settling down. Seokjin brews the tea and gets the kettle, then three cups.Jeongguk would blush but by this point of knowing someone like Yoongi, he knows that the other is no bullshit and straight to the point, which is quite refreshing for someone like Jeongguk. He doesn’t have to run circles around a problem.“It’s about the trade choice,” he begins carefully, sipping the tea and thanking Seokjin, who doesn’t say much in response as much as he listens carefully.“Can’t make up your mind?”“No, I have,” Jeongguk says, now locking eyes with Yoongi. In the same breath, as he prepares to say what he has to, he can see the realisation dawn upon Yoongi. “I want to be your apprentice.”Yoongi shakes his head hard, and Jeongguk feels his heart dip lower in his chest. “Absolutely not. You’re good at ship-building, Jeongguk-ah, but it’s not for you.”“That’s not the trade I meant and you know it.”“You have a perfectly good family trade waiting for you!” Yoongi exclaims. He still looks his usual calm self, but Jeongguk can tell he’s agitated by the pink of his cheeks. “Don’t be silly. I’ve entertained you and your requests but if you’re suggesting what I think you’re suggesting, then it’s a no.”Jeongguk’s chest feels tighter. He was expecting a rejection, but not such a hard one and certainly not from Yoongi, who was harsh towards everyone except Jeongguk. He supposes it shows on his face because Seokjin’s eyes soften. He’s been silently listening all along but leans forward now to touch Yoongi’s hand gently.“At least listen to him before rejecting him, Yoongi-yah,” Seokjin implores, nodding at Jeongguk, who just feels grateful. “He’s of age now. We have to regard him and his choices as such.”“He’s not behaving like he’s of age, Seokjin,” Yoongi hisses, and Jeongguk flinches at the tone. Yoongi turns towards him, eyes sharp and cold, none of the fondness he’s prone to receiving. “Do you know how reckless your choice is? How dangerous?”Anger licks its flames across his skin and Jeongguk rises up to the challenge presented. “I do know. I’ve always known, but this is what I want, and I hate that you’re only seeing me as a child right now.”Yoongi scoffs. “Because you are talking like one. There’s a reason people don’t take the traveller trade, Jeongguk. I’m sorry, but you aren’t thinking this through. I won’t take you as an apprentice.”Dread curls a fist around his heart. He’d anticipated it, but the rejection crushes him more than anything. Out of everyone, only Yoongi had entertained his curiosity about the seas and taught him little by little. He’d been the only one to take Jeongguk’s love seriously when everyone thought it was merely a boyish obsession.Jeongguk pushes back his chair, tea untouched, his hands curled into fists at his sides. He stalks off, taking care not to bang the door as much as he wants to, walking down the small path from their house to the starting of the docks. At this time of the afternoon, there are no people, only idle boats and ships floating in the water. It is a time he considers the most peaceful when he can stare at the sea and watch the sun dip further and further.He sits at the docks, feet dangling over the water below. For a moment, he wishes he could disappear- simply jump and become a merman like Jimin keeps joking about. Embrace the sea so fully that no one would take it away from him, or tell him to make saner choices. How can he, when the ocean and the world beyond has always felt saner than the town behind him? He loves Sunsong; it’s a marvellous town with a rich history and even better people. He loves the people and the festivals, the warmth and culture of hard work and efficiency that runs the town smoothly, the nights when the town singers perform songs of history and the revolution they won.But Jeongguk also knows this love is not enough to keep him tethered to the soil of his land, to make him choose the fishing trade and work day in and day out while the sea haunts him, beckons him toward it. He finds himself blinking back sudden tears at the very idea of it, the monotony of such a life. He would be passably happy, but at what cost?Lost in his thoughts as he is, he doesn’t notice the warmth next to him or a gentle hand on his shoulder, but it doesn’t surprise him, either. Jeongguk would know Seokjin without blinking an eye, imprinted as he is in his life. The hand squeezes further and Jeongguk exhales loudly, a tear dropping.“Both of you are too stubborn for your own good,” Seokjin mummers after a moment, words soft but clear. “But I think you’re more stubborn still.”“I don’t see how that’s good. It means we’re at an impasse.”Seokjin tuts, turning Jeongguk gently towards him. His face is painted golden by the afternoon sun, calm and content. He smiles when Jeongguk meets his eyes. “It means you have the will of iron to bend Yoongi to your will.” Jeongguk feels himself frown, and Seokjin smoothens the wrinkles on his forehead. “None of that. You know he only said what he did out of worry and love for you, don’t you?”Jeongguk knows. It’s why it hurt to hear so. “It doesn’t matter. He made me…he made me feel stupid about it. He’s been the only one to see my love for the sea and love it with me.”Seokjin nods, his eyes sad. “It must not have been easy to hear him say so. I’ve told him off, but you need to go back and tell him why choosing this matters to you. If you love the sea so much, then let your words bleed with it.”Jeongguk looks at Seokjin again. The cook is staring out at the sea himself. “You don’t think I’m being stupid? Or careless?”Seokjin smiles. “No, I just think you’re old enough to make the choices that would make you the happiest, even though those choices worry me a lot.” An arm around Jeongguk’s shoulders and he’s crushed into Seokjin’s side. “Don’t make an error; I am terrified to hear what you want, but I’ve also had years to accept it because unlike Yoongi or the people in this town, I know you wouldn’t have been happy fishing. You like it well enough, but not so much that you want to stick to it. I knew this day would come. But the others didn’t or simply didn’t want to. And it’s up to you to show them. Starting with Yoongi.”With that, Seokjin gets up, brushing off his tunic and holding out a hand which Jeongguk holds on to as he stands up himself. They walk back silently and enter the house that feels tense, even as he can hear the harsh beating of the dough into the counter. Seokjin rolls his eyes as if he knows it for the tantrum Yoongi’s throwing.“Yoongi-chi,” he says softly, and Jeongguk sees Yoongi’s back stiffen. He feels the signs of guilt mix with a need to clear out the air between them. “I’ve told you both what I had to. Now talk like the adults you both are, and stop fighting. I don’t like my kitchen being used like this.”Yoongi turns around, face bereft of any expression, though his lips curl sullenly. He looks like he wants to say no and stay his ground, but there’s something about Seokjin’s voice that can make even the most obstinate reconsider themselves. Jeongguk’s always thought its Seokjin’s quiet personality, more than anything else that runs his kitchen with such efficiency.Yoongi waves a casual hand at Jeongguk and he leaps at the opportunity. Probably his only one. “You know how long I’ve wanted to be at sea.”“It’s all you ever fucking talk about,” Yoongi mutters, then quells down at a stern look from Seokjin. “Yes. I know. I thought you’d grow out of it.”Jeongguk shakes his head. “Don’t bullshit me. You’ve always known how obsessed I was.”“Which makes it all the more dangerous. You’re not thinking of- the risks, the danger-”“I’m learning from the best, one of the most famed explorers of all times,” Jeongguk cuts in. Because that is what Yoongi was, once upon a time, before coming across Jeongguk’s town in a quest and choosing to retire from it, content in leading a life of stability that came with shipbuilding, building one with Seokjin in tow. “You know I’ve never been content sitting in a class and learning. I’ve learned the best hands-on. I’m grateful for the family trade that’s fed and clothed me and paid for my education, but I know it’s not for me. I would never be happy just- staying in this town.”Yoongi bites his lip, his face not as stone-faced as before. He even seems at the crossroads between saying yes and no, and Jeongguk knows he has to be more persistent. You’re more stubborn than Yoongi. You have a will of iron that will bend his own. He’s good at that too. Seokjin doesn’t interfere anymore, knowing it’s now between the two of them.“You have to know how dangerous the seas can be,” Yoongi begins slowly, and Jeongguk sits straight. Yoongi holds up a hand. “You know I will be answerable to your parents and the Sunsong Trade Guild if anything happens to you during this year. You have to know that you’ll be coming home very little and away from the comforts of it for long gaps. Is that acceptable to you?”Jeongguk understands where Yoongi is coming from. The very few that go into the travel and exploring trade hardly see their families, spending most of their lives at sea. They miss important events and celebrations, and it can be a lonely experience. Jeongguk knows that.But he also knows he’d be much lonelier learning the fishing trade when the sea has always called out to him, sung to the blood in his veins and slithered into his bones at night.“Yes. I know I’m expected to go into my family trade and it would be safe, but I don’t want safe,” Jeongguk says. He laces his fingers together. “My family may not be happy but they won’t say no to me either. I think they’ve always known. I can’t- I can’t imagine being bound to one place for all my life. So please, let me have this, and take me as your apprentice. I know I’m asking a lot out of you, to come out of retirement and teach me, but it’s all I’ll ever ask. Please.”He’s sure he’d be ready to join hands and beg even, get on the floor and kneel for added effect- but Yoongi doesn’t need all that. He doesn’t look happy or thrilled, but he also doesn’t say no, especially when he exchanges a look with Seokjin and they have a conversation right in front of Jeongguk without uttering words. Yoongi finally sighs and slouches back into the chair.“Fine, kid. I’ll be your master and teach you about being an explorer, but it will be on my terms. Okay?” Yoongi says sternly, and Jeongguk nods, jumping and pumping his fist into the air excitedly, though not enough that he would hug the other like he wants to. Yoongi rolls his eyes, shaking his head while Seokjin looks on with fond, bright eyes before leaving the room briefly.Jeongguk’s happiness knows no bounds. He doesn’t know what his one year of the apprenticeship will bring forth, but he only hopes for the good; with a teacher like Yoongi and the sea his solace, he doesn’t doubt the year ahead will teach him a lot than his classes ever did.Seokjin returns with a package in his hands; it’s a parcel that looks well-wrapped in brown paper, with a note on top. He and Yoongi hold the package together and present it to Jeongguk.“Happy name day, Jeongguk-ah,” Seokjin says, his tone light and eyes carrying that same fondness. “May you always be guided towards happiness and have a blessed apprenticeship ahead.”Jeongguk only leans forward and hugs them both hard.~

The compass in his hand is a strange one, made of an alloy of gold and bronze, with a needle that spins idly, never resting. It was the first gift of many that Yoongi had given Jeongguk in his one year of being an apprentice, and now, as his twentieth name day approaches, he can’t help but wonder what the purpose of the device is.It did nothing that a compass was supposed to do, but Yoongi had waved of his concerns when he’d returned from his first short trip. It’s something special. Has a rich history, supposedly. Keep it safe. So Jeongguk had. He didn’t understand Yoongi’s motives, but he trusted him without a doubt. Watching it spin now for the thousandth time probably, he flips the compass shut and tucks it into his tunic. He holds on to the rails of the ship and feels the sea breeze on his skin. Thinks, as he knows he does, lost in the gentle sways of the water beneath.He’s on the last exploration task after which he’d have completed the entire apprenticeship year with Yoongi and finally concluded his journey as an apprentice.The feeling is both full of relief and heaviness as he finds himself on the crossroads again, facing a murky future with vague possibilities. He would reach the Sinwang mainland by tomorrow, the Sunsong port being the very first thing his eyes received. The journey this time had lasted about two weeks- some sort of treasure hunt in the seas between Sinwang and its neighbouring country of Munwang, though he’d never ventured across its naval borders. There had been no treasure, a clever fluke Yoongi had probably come up with, but Jeongguk wasn’t even that bummed. The point had been the furthest he could have been from his home, and it had been interesting- colder seas and lesser warmth in the air. He’d heard that further ahead of that, Munwang was even colder.Tomorrow, when he would reach the port, he’d be twenty. He’d be received by the townspeople, of course, the very same people who had whispered about and judged his decision a mere year ago. But Jeongguk couldn’t carry a grudge like that because he knew deep in his heart that his people…cared. In a strange way, wanting its people to stick to safe trades so that contributions to the economy could be recorded and praised. The traveller trade was risky and took away people for months with no one to judge exactly how a traveller contributed to Sinwang. He understands how his choice a year ago raised their hackles, no doubt a scar on the good name of the Jeon family. His father and he never healed the gap formed between them and his brother was indifferent towards his choice, though Jeongguk could see that he ultimately chose their father’s side. Only his mother had silently but strongly provided him with the support and acceptance that he needed, packing him special pickles, dried fruits and meats to carry with him on his various excursions.It was a bittersweet feeling to come back to.In the one year since, Jeongguk has grown taller, packed on more muscles to his limbs and has somehow become tanner. He’s sure most of him smells faintly of the sea- not bad, but salty, if salt had a smell. His hands are rough with calluses stacked on and marred by cuts from the ropes he’d learnt to bind and mend, the hours spent chopping wood for shipbuilding- Yoongi hadn’t left anything untouched when it came to his trade education. He’d taught him these things, but also, with Seokjin’s help, taught him how to make the most of sparse resources to cook, even build a fire from scratch as well. He’d learnt to navigate using the stars and could calculate roughly the nautical miles in his head.As he stares into the horizon, the feeling grows in his chest, slow but heavy with each swell of the water beneath. He tightens his fingers instinctively on the railings with each rise and dip, as the realisation hits him that he’s done it- he’s managed to learn a trade that he desperately wanted from one of the greatest explorers he’d heard stories of, and now- the future lay open in front of him. Almost as vast as the ocean, now sprinkling his skin with mist cold as ice. The heaviness of it grows, spreading its way across his chest and plunging him deep into the memories of the year gone by. At sea, he’d learnt something else as well- the depth and expanse of his mind lay naked before him like the seas in front, and time at sea meant time with himself. He stares hard into the ocean beneath, and for that moment- he finds himself going briefly back to the start of his year. Finds himself going back to the people, the whispers, the fears and doubts that had plagued him, a strange resentment building under his skin with each person he told his news to.Jeongguk may have made his choice in record time and been accepted as Yoongi’s apprentice, but the people of Sunsong were still surprised, whispers jumping from person to person and family to family. The next two weeks bequeathed to Jeongguk became a maze of politely answering the queries of the people he’d known since birth and holding his temper in check when unsolicited advice (and pity) bled through their words.It was in such times that Jeongguk reminded himself that Sunsong was not perfect, that it had its flaws such as how the townspeople were close, and sometimes too close to mind their business. Everyone knew everyone and it had always been that way; communities tightly knitted and joined by a common cause and knowledge, families always in the know of what’s going around. Jeongguk was aware there were high expectations from him; after all, he was- in the town’s words- a young, dashing fellow popular with the boys and girls, having passed the Academy examinations with flying colours and the teachers in the palm of his hand. The Jeon family was a well-to-do family and respected all around. It just wasn’t expected that Jeon Jeongguk, out of all people, would choose to deviate and turn his back on the family trade.Jeongguk had known he would hear this and more, but the words had still stung. Yoongi had warned him the day after he’d received his name day gift and stuck around to have dinner, his favourite cooked by Seokjin. Sunsong was a good town, kind even and not very oppressive. But that is what also makes it a viper’s nest, easy to rot. You need only one person to bring the morale down, he’d said.Jeongguk had understood the underlying message. Be sure and careful before you become that person for them.He hadn’t let these events deter him. He’d even mulled over it for a few days, looking up the other trades he could go into- but he knew it would be a half-hearted effort. None of them sparked the same joy the sea and beyond had. He was sure and had gone with Yoongi down to the Trade Guild, built next to the Academy. He’d registered his choice of trade and paid the small fee of one gold coin, the decision final when he received his letter with both the Sinwang and Sunsong seal on it. It became even more serious once it carried his and Yoongi’s signs on it, and that was that.Jeongguk was set to become an apprentice in the traveller trade, and there was no going back.The memories whirl in his mind, the heaviness settled all over. He thinks that’s when his family, no, his father more like, finally gave up. His family hadn’t pestered him, but messages didn’t come only in the form of words. He could sense the distance growing between his father and him, as well as with his brother. Only his mother, ferocious as she was, gave him wide smiles and congratulated him when he showed up with the sealed letter during lunch. She’d even taken the document and placed it in front of the small temple she’d built to the Gods, closer to the Sea Father than the rest. Jeongguk had nearly shed tears at the sight, though he’d held it in- he didn’t feel comfortable enough sharing his tears in front of his father. He wouldn’t let that bridge burn down his dreams and hopes.Jimin, however, had been another case altogether. There was only one person Jeongguk could hesitate telling his decision to, and for good reason. For when he finally had, Jimin had- rightfully- erupted,  losing his general sense of calm as he had yelled, before breaking down into tears, pitifully attempting to push Jeongguk’s embraces away and failing. Jeongguk remembers the feeling of hate festering inside, the realisation that this was the one consequence of his choice that would weigh heavily upon him. The guilt had already begun to fill the crevices in his heart. He had made his choice knowing what it would wreck upon his friend.It had been a long time ago, but the passage of time didn’t mean that pain could be forgotten. Jimin had been only sixteen when he had lost his parents on a sea voyage, leaving him and his younger brother Jihyun to fend for themselves. Jeongguk had only been fourteen name days old then, and could only help ease Jimin’s pain by giving him his home and family. The Jeon family had been close to the Park family and had taken care of Jimin and Jihyun as if they were their sons. Still, Jimin, prideful and determined as he was, had worked and studied hard, becoming one of the top students of the Academy and entering the medicine trade, one of the most respected and well-paying, and thrived there.It didn’t mean that the sea didn’t haunt Jimin some days and taunted him for it had taken from him, and Jeongguk’s choice now added salt to the wound.“Do you have to?” Jimin had asked after a while, his voice subdued and broken, the roughness scrapping against Jeongguk’s chest. It hurt him to confirm, to go against Jimin’s soft pleads of don’t, but Jeongguk was also selfish.“You know I must,” Jeongguk had replied, head pressed to Jimin’s hair, his warm body tucked in close. They had been in Jimin’s home, the lunch untouched after Jeongguk’s revelation. It was the tensest lunch he’d ever shared with Jimin. “It’s- it’s the only thing that makes me happy. I don’t want to do something that kills me day by day, Jimin. You have to know.”Jimin had remained silent, then gotten up- wiping his face and arranging the food around the table. His eyes are moist but expression stoic. Jeongguk had almost winced, suddenly reminded of the time right after Jimin’s family dying, the days when he wouldn’t speak, eat or sing.“Then let’s eat. You might not get in touch frequently once your apprenticeship starts, from what I’ve heard of the traveller trade.” He got to eating, and Jeongguk could do nothing but accept the offered truce, eat the food Jimin had so graciously prepared.Jeongguk comes to as the memory ebbs away, Jimin’s tears etched into his mind. He’s always known his choice wouldn’t be loved or appreciated entirely, that the only person who would understand is himself, and maybe Yoongi, at the end. It still hurts to have received panic and anger at his deliverance rather than some form of joy. But this had been the bitter aspect of following the unconventional trade routes, Seokjin had told him once, when he’d gone over to their home, exhausted by dealing with the rising questions. Seokjin had looked sad, looking out of the window, and Jeongguk saw he was looking at Yoongi chopping a block of wood. No one likes divergence. No one encourages it. Even if you have a choice, they expect you to choose better, choose sensibly. But if you want this, Jeongguk, then you must put up with this aspect, or it’ll eat away at you.Jeongguk had understood what Seokjin meant too. To gain and keep something, he had to lose something in return. He still thinks about the things he lost with his choices, even though he gained so much more in his experiences at sea. That is how balance worked. If he wants to follow something he loves, then he would have to risk losing his father’s warmth, the town’s adoration for him, or Jimin’s happiness.After all, a balance wasn’t meant to be happy.||His ship with its limited crew members reaches the shores of Sinwang far earlier than he had anticipated. Jeongguk is shaken awake roughly by the crows of the crew lent to him so generously by Yoongi. It takes him a moment to gain his bearings because if the sky above is not coloured wrong, he’s sure it’s only the crack of dawn. And Jeongguk hates waking up early.It’s probably the one thing he’s cursed right from the start: the ungodly hours that Yoongi demanded he woke up at for his training. They were days where he’d sleep in Yoongi’s workshop itself, unable to bring himself to take the long walk back home and then come back again. The good thing was that Seokjin also woke up at the hours, willingly to Jeongguk’s disgust, and always had a breakfast spread ready for him.When he makes his way up the ladder and comes on deck, he feels the goosebumps erupt along his skin. The southern end of Sinwang had always been warmer than the north, with Sunsong being one of the warmest regions. Yet, the seas were always a degree or two cooler, which Jeongguk didn’t mind, having always run hotter than most people. He forgets about the cold as soon as his eyes set upon the familiar Sunsong port lighthouse, its oil lamp burning away steadily. His heart begins to beat faster, the pulse echoing faintly in his ears as the familiar joy of coming back home begins to grow all over.Sunsong had become distant in the year since, but it would always hold a piece of his heart. Just not all of it anymore.Two weeks in the traveller trade means nothing. That had been one of the first things Yoongi had told him, and also what other travellers in the nearby neutral lands had told him. Jeongguk knows he’s supposed to get used to this fact, but he can’t help the quiet joy he feels looking at the port, the familiar cuff of land jutting out into the sea, a number of fishermen’s boats lying idly by like dark ink spots. The lightening sky colours the vision more and more, and Jeongguk nearly crows out loud when he sees a couple of figures on the port waiting for him.He forgets a lot more than the cold then, his excitement urging him to take the wheel and increase the speed of the ship, ploughing it through the waters so much so that the waves crash into the deck, washing it with salt. Some of it falls on his white linen shit, sticking to his skin, which doesn’t help with the cold- but he doesn’t pay heed to it. He’s home.After what feels like years, he takes the careful turn into the waters, guiding the ship smoothly to the tethers kept out for it. He waits until he’s sure of the ship, and then with practised ease, sets about dropping the anchor and unfurling the mast, untying the ropes to be tied to the poles. It’s become second nature to him now, and he feels a smile ease onto his face as he ties the rope firm and strong. Then, without waiting or paying heed to the cries of his crew, he jumps down from the plank onto the bridge. It’s not even a moment before Jeongguk finds himself engulfed into an embrace, tight and warm with the lingering, familiar scent of tangerine and sage. He hugs right back as Jimin sobs into his shoulders, a routine he’s used to by now. He doesn’t say a word but simply breathes Jimin in, eye closed tight so he can revel in the fact that he’s come back alive and relatively unscathed.It feels like forever, but it’s only been a few moments. Jeongguk opens his eyes to face a town still asleep, the streets empty but gradually getting busier as trades and businesses open for the day. He sees the figures of Yoongi and Seokjin coming up slowly, and grins at the familiar slouch of Yoongi’s and the ever-present basket of food in Seokjin’s hand. He doesn’t let go of Jimin but he nods at them, tucking Jimin’s head in close, letting him get a few breaths in. He looks away when Jimin pulls back, eyes still puffy with the signs of sleep and red with shed tears, his nose sniffling. Jeongguk smiles down at him warmly, hoping it would ease the constant worry and pain his friend feels every time Jeongguk leaves on an excursion. Jimin pouts but wipes his tears roughly, cheeks red at the outburst. Jeongguk nearly laughs but holds it in, not wanting the wrath of Park Jimin wrecked upon him at dawn.“You’re safe. And unhurt. Good.” Jimin looks over him with an eye of a trained doctor-to-be, hands fluttering about and checking Jeongguk’s arms and face for nicks and bruises. Once he’s satisfied that Jeongguk’s fine, he nods in relief, a smile blooming on his face. Jeongguk feels the knot of sadness melt away inside his chest, knowing that despite it all, Jimin’s fine for now. “How was your journey?”Jeongguk puts his arms around Jimin’s shoulder and leads the way towards Yoongi and Seokjin, letting himself and his worries bleed away with each step he takes on his motherland. Jeongguk has never felt complete in Sunsong, but it doesn’t mean he doesn’t hold it dear to him. He loves the sea still, despite the year he’s had, the year that’s now over (which he can’t believe yet), but there’s something about coming back on home soil that strikes deep and true.“It was good. More challenging than others.” He bites his lip, wondering if he should go into detail or not. Jimin has been supportive of him, but he still hates the sea with a passion. He decides to take the risk. “The seas past the Sinwang naval border are so much rougher. And the point between Sinwang and Munwang is colder than anything we’ve ever faced. Colder even than that rogue winter storm a couple of years ago. I was shivering for what felt like days on end.”“Did you carry enough protective clothing? The changes in temperature can wreak havoc on your body, Jeongguk-ah,” Jimin chides. Jeongguk rolls his eyes, though he can’t help the fond smile on his face. He complains, but he loves Jimin’s worrywart ways over his health sometimes. “As soon as we reach Seokjin’s kitchen, I’ll brew you a cup of ginger tea. It’s a good antiseptic and immunity booster.”“You don’t have to.”“I think I’m the one who has seen you grow up from a pink pudgy babe to the man you are today. I think I know what you need.” Jimin leaves no scope for argument, arms crossed and chin straight. Jeongguk really wants to ruffle his hair and pinch his cheek, but decides not to- Jimin looks small and kind, but Jeongguk’s seen first-hand how lethal he can be with a scalpel and some herbs. He’d rather not face the threat of sudden diarrhoea again. They finally meet Yoongi and Seokjin in the middle, and Jeongguk separates from Jimin to be wrapped in a hug by both of them; the scents of wood polish and baked good clash in a strange but welcome way, and Jeongguk breathes in deeply.It’s been a year full of second and even third glances, some full of pride and some confused, some with disappointed tuts and some indifferent, but Jeongguk can be absolutely sure about one thing: the ones who’ve had his back with unwavering support are Jimin, Yoongi and Seokjin, and his mother. His mother is silent about it, given that she has to tread the rough waters between the three men in her life, but with the other three- Jeongguk has no doubts. The feeling of it overwhelms him, and a tear or two escape without his permission.“Yah, Jeon Jeongguk- are you crying?” Seokjin exclaims, pulling back to check. Jeongguk doesn’t bother hiding, not when a person like Yoongi who sniffs out lies exists. “So happy to see us, are you?”“I wasn’t expecting it myself, if we’re being honest,” Jeongguk replies, shuffling back to avoid Seokjin’s swat. He turns to Yoongi, who’s standing with arms crossed, body slouched and making him even smaller. Sometimes Jeongguk thinks he does it deliberately because Jeongguk’s arm-wrestled with him before and has lost several times; Yoongi looks pale and skinny and unworthy as an opponent, but years of travel and shipbuilding have yielded him with an almost ungodly sort of strength. Jeongguk never took up the challenge after a point. “I can’t believe the treasure was a trap.”A smile breaks out on Yoongi’s face; it’s as delightful as it is short-lasting. “I knew you’d fall for it. But I’m guessing you figured it out, or you wouldn’t have come out so unscathed.”“I did train under you, you know,” Jeongguk says, preening a little at the unstated praise. Yoongi very rarely praised him outright, always hiding it in gestures and convoluted sentences. It had taken Jeongguk a while under him to understand the patterns. “Especially with that unmanned buoy in the middle of nowhere? It smelt fishy.”“Ah, puns about the sea at sea. You’ve learned well, Guk-ah,” Seokjin chimes in, and Jimin snorts, trudging quietly alongside. “You look- and smell, as well- absolutely horrid. Up we go, a hot shower and then a breakfast fit for your twentieth name day.”Jeongguk brightens, remembering suddenly that today is his twentieth name day. Roughly a year ago he’d made his decision and undertaken the traveller trade route, and here he was today, a year older, hopefully, wiser and trained as much as he could have been. He catches Yoongi’s nod of congratulations and Jimin’s proud smile and feels the building warmth take over all the nostalgia and heaviness. He’s done it.But first, definitely, a shower and breakfast fit for the Gods.||At the Trade Union offices, Jeongguk faces the Trade Union Master as he checks over all the progress reports detailing Jeongguk’s apprenticeship, signed by Yoongi. The man is old, skin tanned with wrinkles lining his face, eyes squinting over the documents. It seems all is in order because a moment later the royal seal is stamped across the pages and handed to Jeongguk, along with a small badge.He’s officially a part of the traveller trade.The feeling pounds away in his heart and his ears, engulfing him as he stares at the paper and badge in his hands. All this for the final confirmation to be so simple, he thinks, hands feeling the paper as if looking for something more.“Congratulations. Welcome to the Sunsong Trade Union. If you wish to pursue your own independent trade, we will give you a month before registering with the Guild. If you’re going to work under someone else, register through their established membership as a new employee.” The man looks up from the rule book over half-moon spectacles. “If you wish to work under the Royal Traveller Association as an emissary in training, you’ll have to pass several tests in place before travelling to the Sinwang capital for royal training. Good luck.”Jeongguk leaves the office in a daze.He doesn’t know how he makes his way home, the flood of information he just received clashing in his mind. For a while now, in the middle of things, he’s been thinking about what to do next. Though travellers are few, they’re also paid handsomely- the excursions they take are not without its risks. Jeongguk can go into export or import, international trade or as the old man had just said, train as an emissary- for which he’d have to take additional lessons in political theory as well. Jeongguk is not interested in that aspect; he may have been a good student, but he’s never been particularly interested in history.He makes his way back to Yoongi and Seokjin’s home; he hasn’t yet gone back to his own. There’s dread curling a fist around his heart every time he thinks about doing so, even though he misses his mother sorely. But the fear of a possibly unpleasant interaction with his father or brother keeps him away. It hurts him how this has become a common practice in the past year, how Yoongi and Seokjin have come to be his second home and second set of parents than his own. It’s not fair to his mother, but he understands her predicament as well. She loves Jeongguk despite the whispers of him being the black sheep of the Jeon family. If Jeongguk can help reduce the tension by removing himself slowly but steadily, maybe it would be worth it.He enters their home quietly, not wanting to disturb them, lost as he is. Knowing them, they would drop everything to tend to him and ask him about the cloud hanging over his head. Jeongguk is twenty now, and he’d rather not keep relying on the two forever. He chose the traveller trade, he needs to learn this soon enough.The thought of it still feels daunting, though.“Got your seal?” Yoongi asks, not even looking up from a block of wood he seems to be shaping. It always fascinates Jeongguk how Yoongi is able to tell everything about his surroundings when he comes across as so non-threatening.Jeongguk gives up the pretence of being quiet and walks to the table, sitting down, unfolding the paper once again. It’s the typical Trade Guild kind, though there’s the difference of a royal decree and the additional badge with the Sinwang emblem on it. A pass for the naval borders and countries, the man had explained, and that had somehow made the badge heavier in his palm.“It looks strange,” Jeongguk says instead, feeling the surface of it. It’s made of an alloy of some kind, dull but sturdy, the emblem clear as day. “I wasn’t expecting an official badge or anything.”Yoongi hums, carving precisely into the wood. It looks like a flower of some sort, so maybe another gift for Seokjin, Yoongi always liked to show his affection than state it. “The traveller trade is special. Told you that the first day.”“I know. I suppose this just makes it more real.” Yoongi looks up briefly, face impassive and eyes boring into Jeongguk’s soul. He looks at the badge briefly, sharp and assessing.“You feel the burden of it, don’t you?” He asks quietly, and of course, Yoongi would understand the feeling brewing beneath his skin. The perpetual self-doubt, simmering low in his blood. “It starts as something joyful, but towards the end, you start wondering.”“I’m not having any second thoughts, if that’s what you mean,” Jeongguk says quickly. He doesn’t want to be misunderstood. “It just…I don’t know what to do.”“You were very sure a year ago.”“And I still am,” Jeongguk insists. He feels his hackles rise slightly, knows it’s an automatic decision to defend himself more than any sort of anger at Yoongi’s implications. “I don’t know where to go from here. All I want is the sea, but where in the sea? I guess I didn’t think that far enough when I made the choice.”He expects some sharp rebuttal, but Yoongi remains silent. Instead, he hears someone clearing their throat behind and isn’t surprised when Seokjin slides into the seat next to him. He doesn’t have the cheerful smile on his face, though his gaze is kind and understanding. It always is.“You still have time, Jeongguk-ah,” Seokjin says, hand-pressed into his shoulder. It urges him to let his worries bleed away. “You don’t have to make a permanent decision now. That isn’t how trade works, though they’ll teach you that at all the Academies. Be careful in your choice, it is permanent. Well, trade choices are somewhat, but within those trade groups, you have more choices. Allow yourself a moment to rest from your apprenticeship.”Jeongguk sighs then, sinking lower into his chair. He understands what Seokjin is saying, and the elder makes sense. Jeongguk is too used to action to sit around and wait, to pause and really think. It’s not even been a day and he’s already thought of a drab future where nothing works and he ends up regretting his choice more than enjoying. Ends up agreeing with the town’s folk and their whispers. He’s just turned twenty.“Yes. I’m just…I feel all over the place, frankly.”“The seas do that to you. The reality hits more after so much solitude with your own company,” Seokjin replies. Yoongi doesn’t add to it, though Jeongguk knows that he agrees. Seokjin sounds experienced like he’s been in Jeongguk’s place before. He could have been. It’s been years and he still doesn’t know the other two’s story beyond what the entire town knows. “Don’t be so sad on your name day, Jeongguk, I think I’ve raised you better than that.”Jeongguk smiles. He lets the worry simmer down, maybe revisit it later when he’s ready. For now, he’s back home and he has to accept that. And nothing is home better than teasing Seokjin and being the troublemaker he truly is.“How about taking me to the bar then?”“Aish, this brat, he’ll never change, will you?”||It’s at the tavern later on that Jeongguk gets the first hint to the direction he would like to pursue, and the events leading up to it aren’t without their bumps.After his talk with Seokjin, he settles down enough to enjoy the extravagant lunch Seokjin had prepared for his name day and graduation day both, consisting of his favourite foods and drinks. It’s refreshing after the almost stale preserves he’d had for his final excursion, and as expected of Seokjin’s cooking, enough to make him forget his thoughts for a while.After lunch, he wishes to keep hanging around their house, maybe sleep a while, but Yoongi’s knowing look is enough to get him moving out; he can’t avoid his home any longer. He shuffles back down the winding path, dragging his feet and sure to attract the gazes of those coming out of the afternoon siesta. Some of the people welcome him back and some give indifferent one-overs, which Jeongguk tries not to bristle at.The way to his home gets quieter with each step he takes, the babble of traders and children yet to catch up to the street it is located at. Jeongguk slows down even more as he comes closer, his throat drying up. He doesn’t even know why it bothers him so much; nothing has happened. Which is the issue maybe. His once warm relationship with his family members always seems to hang by a thread that would break any moment. If Jeongguk made one more mistake.He toes off his shoes at the entrance, the familiar scent of his family, home and leftover lunch making its way over to his nose. He smiles, allowing himself the moment of comfort before his thoughts pick up again.It doesn’t last long as he hears the rustle of cloth, the soft footsteps that could only belong to his mother.“Jeongguk?”His mother rounds the corner and smiles instantly when she sees him. Her face looks tired, more white in her hair and laughter lines around her mouth and eyes, a general sense of exhaustion over her. Jeongguk worries; he always has when it comes to her. He closes the distance between them and wraps her into a tight embrace, breathing her scent of rose and spices in. He immediately feels his eyes well up but reigns them in, letting them bleed into her shoulder and keeping his mouth closed.He missed her, he always does when he’s out on his excursions or the days when he spends away from home because it’s too much to be here anymore. He misses her even though he’s in her arms, and all he wants is for them to sit and tuck his head onto her lap, let her card fingers through his hair, like when he was a little boy.But he’s twenty now and he can’t wish for such things anymore. Maybe he could have if he’d followed the safe choice, but now- he doesn’t know if he can really ask for it.“You’re late,” is all she says when she pulls away, a few of her own tears escaping. His own don’t go unnoticed given the way she gently wipes under his eyes, hand both rough yet soft. “Yoongi had told me you were expected in the morning.”“I did reach in the morning,” Jeongguk admits, feeling the familiar shame bubble. His mother would know why he’s come hours later when the sun is closer to setting. He sees her face settle into a sad smile, expects her to chastise him but she just pats him on the cheek.“Did you eat at their house?” Jeongguk nods, and she sighs. “Perhaps you can have dessert. I made your favourite, for your twentieth name day.” Words lock up inside of him, a twinge of pain in his chest. This, he missed the small ways she still knew him the best.“I would love to,” Jeongguk says, following after her into the kitchen. It’s empty, clean of the afternoon lunch or- any human presence. He sits at the low sitting as she prepares at the kitchen. The strange silence around doesn’t go unnoticed. “Are they…?”“They had to leave for a day’s trip to the outskirts. The monthly fish delivery for the border people,” his mother answers. Jeongguk doesn’t know what to feel at that, whether to take personally the fact that his father and brother weren’t there despite being fully aware it was his name day. “There is a…gift for you.”Jeongguk blinks, not having expected that. It’s not to say things had been bad. Sometimes. His family asked him what his apprenticeship was about, would try to keep up. His brother would even ask questions about fishing routes outside that they could expand to, maybe combine their trades together. His father would hum but that was that. Then some days there would be the jabs about how exhausting and heavy the business was and how having only two people was getting to be a burden. The underlying message of we had expected a third hand, but alas was heavy then, and Jeongguk could only bite his lips and keep shut, eat as fast as he could before escaping.She sets the dessert in front of him and goes inside to retrieve the gift. When she comes back, there is a small wooden box in her hand, inlaid with some silver work. The box itself must have been expensive, so he wonders what’s inside.“We’ve been thinking for a while now,” she starts, sitting in front of him, legs crossed underneath. Jeongguk feels the box around, marvelling at the smoothness of the wood. The silverwork is intricate, and it takes him a moment to figure out what it’s supposed to be: a ship of sorts on mighty waves.Jeongguk feels the tears gather again.“Your father and brother…they regret how they’ve been. I do as well, for not saying much or telling them. But you’re twenty today and you’ve thrived like you always believed you would. I always knew you would. We’re very proud of you.”Jeongguk has no words as he flips the clasp open and sees a thin chain with a pendant attached. He removes it from the case and sees the detail put in it; on one side is the Sunsong port and the other side is his family name in the Sinwangese characters.“The pendant was my idea. So you can always find your way home, whenever you feel lost,” his mother whispers. Her voice sounds heavy with unshed tears. “I understand Sunsong and our own place has not felt like home in a while and- it may not. The people still talk. But we are proud.”“Even father? Even Junghyun?” Jeongguk asks, still staring at the pendant twirling in front of him. It catches the drifts of the afternoon sun and glints like gold.“Especially them,” she replies, getting up to take the pendant from him, unclasping it and putting it around his neck. “You know them- they have been too stubborn for their own good. That’s where you got it from, I don’t understand why they were so shaken by your choice.” She finishes, patting it for good measure and watches it rest against Jeongguk’s chest.“You really mean it? You’re not just saying it?”His mother frowns. “What do you mean?”“They do…care? And it’s not because you told them to?” His voice sounds small but he can’t help himself. Things are far from fixed, but he needs confirmation.His mother gives him an unimpressed look. “Jeon Jeongguk. If I could have had my way, this dance of the three of you wouldn’t have been under full away, believe me.” Jeongguk looks away abashed, cheeks burning. She’s right, of course, his mother was loving, but a force of nature by her own right. “Eat. I’m sure you have plans in the evening with your friends?”Jeongguk had forgotten about it, but knowing Jimin and Seokjin, he’s sure he’ll be taken to the tavern to celebrate his name day. It feels so surreal, like the events a year ago repeating themselves. Which reminds him.“I got my official documents,” he says, reaching into his travel pack and getting the papers out and the badge. Places them on the table, where his mother reaches for them with marvel and pride in her eyes, especially with the badge. Only travellers or those going to the Sinwang capital get these. “The badge is for if I cross naval borders or visit other countries.”“Oh, the Sea Father bless you,” his mother says, voice shaking as she presses her lips to the badge before leaning forward to kiss Jeongguk’s forehead, lips dry but warm. She leaves to keep the documents in the small temple, muttering something under her breath. She wipes her tears and sits back down again. Opens her arms, and Jeongguk feels five, small and wanting her embrace around him at all times. “For old times’ sake?”Jeongguk doesn’t hesitate before crawling into space and laying down to sleep a while.||The tavern is louder than usual when he enters, Jimin, and Yoongi in tow.It’s familiar, the din and the noise, the regular patrons and the bar lady who smiles warmly at him. Jeongguk winds his way through people and tables as he finds an empty table near a larger one full of foreigners, and beckons the others over. He holds three fingers up, asking for three tumblers. Tonight he’ll be paying, as both Yoongi and Jimin had reminded him so sweetly. You’re no longer an apprentice, Jeonggukie. Pay up.Definitely not his favourite part of his name day.As they settle in and Jimin continues the conversation from earlier, Jeongguk leans back into his chair and sighs. He feels himself melting into it, boneless almost, like the way he was holding himself all along had been so tight, like taut strings. The afternoon spent with his mother helped, though he knows he’ll feel a strange hollowness so long as he doesn’t meet the rest of his family and hear the words of pride from their lips.Those close to him can tell he’s not entirely present in the moment, if one can go by the side glances that Jimin and Yoongi throw, though neither point out. Jeongguk knows he’s not being good company, but a lot is on his mind- though he feels lighter than ever, there’s still a knot somewhere, shifting from his chest to his stomach, sometimes to the back of his neck and a tug of pain following down his jaw. It happens when he’s thinking too much or too stressed, too anything, really, so he hopes the pain will pass away as it does. But for the moment- he’s distracted. He doesn’t feel like he’s reached his twentieth name day, doesn’t have that feeling of accomplishment that has always followed him after a completed task. He still feels like he’s at sea, back home for a short while to learn one more new skill, catch up with Jimin before leaving in a while.The hollowness in him grows, keeps him slack in his chair, tumbler still untouched, condensation thick upon its surface. Jimin and Yoongi are nearly done and seem to signal for another, throwing another side-way glance when Jeongguk doesn’t object or whine about them robbing him. He supposes it is a little alarming for them, his apathy, even if they may have ideas on why it is so.He wishes he could tell them. One moment he was exhilarated about coming back home and getting the name day gift from his family; now the ambiguity and hollowness he feels gather all of him. In murky waters, isn’t that what he’d thought on the ship? When his year was going on, there was the stability of one more month, one more excuse or task. But he’s on his own now. People would have expectations from him; he was supposed to have his own. To be free on the sea, explore, learn. But he doesn’t know where to start.“What’s up, Jeonggukie?” Jimin asks at last, his voice low and soft and worried, like the elder brother he acts as. More than Junghyun does sometimes. “What’s going on in that head of yours?”Jeongguk shrugs. “End of apprenticeship and all that.” He worries his lips, wondering if he should tell them about the possible reconciliation between him and his family, but decides against it. “I just- I’m not sure.”Yoongi hums but doesn’t comment, carefully sipping from his tumbler. Probably doesn’t want a repeat of the morning at his place, which Jimin isn’t aware of.“What are you thinking about doing?” Jimin asks, and Jeongguk internally groans, wishing Jimin hadn’t asked the very question causing him so much pain. It’s Jimin now. A couple of days later it will be his family, then the people around. And Jeongguk would still be shrugging, clueless but scared.Which he repeats, hopefully not showing the helplessness he’s beginning to feel. He doesn’t want the parent side of Jimin picking up on it and then spinning into something panic-inducing, with his I told you so and what not. The last thing he wants is a smug and lecturing Jimin.“Nothing feels right,” he ventures carefully. He’s thought about it for a while. There is navigation sciences, sea trade, being an emissary, lighthouse management amongst others. Export and import sound the closest to what he thinks he’d want- open seas, visiting other country ports and exchanging goods. He’d spent most days on the waves and that’s what he wanted, but…it doesn’t feel right.A lot of Jeongguk’s decisions have been made on whether they feel right in his gut, his soul if they perk his interest or not. Many may not agree with his way of looking at things, the way he makes decisions, sometimes reckless, though they’ve worked out- mostly. Sometimes they have ended up with him hurt or making a mistake, but mostly his gut has had his back.So it’s frustrating that while it seems to be shaking its head at the prospects in front of him, it’s not giving him a hint to an alternative either. That’s the downside of relying on one’s instinct.“It’s your first day back,” Jimin says instead, not providing some kind of advice surprisingly. “You’ve worked yourself to the bone this past year, more than you did at the Academy. Breathe, Jeongguk. Don’t run away to the seas the moment you come back, hmm?”Oh. That’s why Jimin isn’t being his typical self. He’d rather have Jeongguk on land than go back out again, and he gets that, but it hurts just a little that Jimin will never approve or possibly accept Jeongguk’s chosen trade, even though he tries his best.He gives a weak smile, hoping it reaches his eyes. “I’ll keep it in mind, don’t worry. Let’s drink up.” Not that he’s in a mood. But he does, because his friends have gotten out for him in the middle of the week and he can’t be such a terrible company.Later, he wonders if he should have drunk at all because Jeongguk combining alcohol with the strange state his mind is in isn’t a very good one; he tends to get more introspective, sad and his mind wanders, leaves the room and then comes back to it in intervals. His attention slips, which is why it shifts to the table next to him, the one with the foreign travellers still drinking the bar down.Their world tongue accents are heavier than the kind Jeongguk and his people use. He can’t tell where they are from; they have strange features- some look closer to Sinwang, maybe Munwang, with their paler skins and cold eyes, some with hardened tanned skin but eyes coloured different. Jeongguk, like anyone else in Sinwang, has learned about the various neighbouring countries and the people there. He knows many visit Sinwang, particularly Sunsong, given it’s the major port and the southern point of entry into the country. When he’d been younger, he’d been fascinated by them. He discovers that he still is.It’s rude to eavesdrop, but Jeongguk can’t help it- it’s a terrible habit he has, keeping an ear out, though he doesn’t gossip or spread it around. He just likes to…know. And these are visitors, travellers from other countries, looking travel-weary as if the sea has done its best to break them down and retreated. The way Jeongguk wants to be.A small thought at the back of his mead addled mind whispers how he too would one day belong to that table, exchanging his own stories. He stamps down on it.“-you’re lying. You couldn’t have possibly escaped it!” One of the men snorts, face red and full of a thick beard, uncommon for their lands. The other groups laugh and nod, looking with disbelief at someone.The man who seems to be receiving the ire of the table. He’s built lean, face clean-shaven, definitely from further away than the neighbours. His skin is lighter, as is his hair and eyes, which are blue. He waves his hands around, face frantic.“I would not. I really did escape the Siren.”Later, Jeongguk wishes he’d turned his ears away and saved himself. Done his future self a favour.“How? No one ever does.”The man grins, though his smile shakes, his eyes wide with…fear? “I had gone to the passenger ship to collect some spices for the cook. Thank the gods I did; I was far away enough to not be lured in with the singing. But my deck mates were not so lucky. I saw them go into a frenzy, I understood what it meant. I took the wheel and left before I could change my mind.”Jeongguk almost hisses in response. Leaving one’s crew behind to escape? Yoongi had told him the first week of his apprenticeship that come what may, the captain stood with and for his crew and the crew did the same. It was the shipping code. It was universal, Yoongi had explained, shared by all travellers, regardless of nation or language. It was understood, he had almost hissed with vehemence, drilling it into Jeongguk.So Jeongguk naturally wants to call out the traveller, damn the fact that he is not known. But then he sees that the travellers around him nod their heads, a sad gleam in their eyes and some muttering prayers to their gods. No one chastises the young man.There are flaws that everyone has. Curiosity is one that owns Jeongguk.“Excuse me?” He asks, voice loud but respectful, the use of the world tongue thick in his speech. Like many, he’d been taught it in his formal education, but it’s not spoken often. The table becomes silent on both ends; the travellers looking around for the interrupting voice and Yoongi and Jimin pausing, wondering why Jeongguk would ask a stranger, let alone a group of them, for anything.He can feel Yoongi’s gaze in particular like a sharp hit which he ignores, his attention on the pale man.“Yes?” He asks, voice cautious but kind enough.“I’m sorry to have interrupted your merrymaking,” he says, inching his chair a little closer. “But I happened to overhear your story and…may I know who it is you’re speaking of?”“You don’t know, boy?” Asks Beard Man, face still red. Jeongguk wonders offhandedly how much the man has drunk already.Jeongguk blushes at the tone, the tone more experienced sailors or travellers often use, that he gets intimidated by sometimes. “I just finished my apprenticeship. I’m not…very aware.” He hopes he doesn’t come across as weak or pathetic in his admittance, but the group only laughs, some looking fond at his innocent question, some shaking their heads.“Ah, the good days, wasn’t it lads?” They all nod. Jeongguk wonders why but keeps his mouth shut, eyes straying to the pale man. “Go on then, hero. Tell the laddie everything.”Pale man nods, doesn’t introduce himself- but clears his throat. Chairs shift around and space is made for Jeongguk, so he shifts ahead. Yoongi and Jimin come in close behind him but don’t stop him, though he notices how Yoongi hides away. As if the travellers would recognise him.For a moment, Jeongguk wonders if they would- Yoongi had been a well-known traveller. He was aloof and seen as rude and strange, because of his pale skin and wiry frame, but there was also grudging respect by the Sunsong people simply because of his experiences and his knowledge of trade routes near and far.Why would Yoongi want to hide?“I’m speaking about the greatest myth amongst us travellers,” the man starts, voice low, making it hard to follow with his accent, but Jeongguk’s ears function well. “Siren at the Sea.”“No one knows who it is or should I say, what it is,” someone else speaks up, a lady at second glance, her hair shorn close to her scalp. “Well, it is a monster, so that should be enough. Some say it shifts between man and woman.”“But its power is its voice- it sings to lure you to your death,” the pale man says, a shudder going over him. “The sweetest voice, it sings of riches and glory one could only dream of. Of course, the less fortunate and the greedy succumb to it- never to be heard from again.”“And one can’t escape it?” Jeongguk asks, something like wonder in his voice. In his mind.Beard Man shakes his head, sadness colouring his face. “I’ve been fortunate to not have its island come in my routes, but we’ve all heard the stories near and far. The voice itself puts you in a frenzy, makes you want the dream so much, you would do anything to have it.”“Though many others who’ve heard glimpses of it and come back say it’s a very mournful story,” another man says, face thoughtful. His companions grumble as if having sympathy for a monster was blasphemy. “Oh, do not look at me like that. It is but a rumour.”“Whether the monster cries its heart out should not be the matter,” the lady says, her eyes rolling with disgust. “It kills without mercy- no one ever comes back. Some foolish men and women hear of its riches and go willingly, but they are never heard of again.” She pauses and looks at the pale man with a smirk. “Save this hero, I suppose.”“I did not see it!” the man objects, looking distressed at being teased. “I blocked my ears at the last second, but the voice- I swear I saw my Ma alive, beckoning me to come to her. It lasted for a moment before the fog took over.”They go back to their laughing and bickering, ordering another round and discussing more stories. Jimin and Yoongi seem to be listening, but Jeongguk…Jeongguk’s curiosity has found new things to hook its claw into.“It can’t be found again?” He asks, breaking into their talk again, not at all feeling bad. Something urgent builds under his skin and then ebbs, like the waves he’s so fond of. He can see Jimin look over, can feel Yoongi’s suspicion coming over and makes sure to keep his face neutral.The man shakes his head no. “It is random. Many sailors have tried to map out a pattern but- all routes report at least one incident with him. The crew lost, people gone. No trace whatsoever. We just pray that it doesn’t come across our routes.”“But the people who went to look for it willingly?”The lady hums. Shrugs. “Must know more than us, kept the knowledge of the patterns to themselves- greed does that to people. They never have come back.” She looks at Jeongguk with suspicious eyes. “Why do you ask?”He can now feel Jimin and Yoongi both bearing down at him with their gazes and keeps up his aloof façade, praying that it works. “No reason. I find it strange how more experienced sailors and travellers warn them and they succumb to their greed.” He swallows, lying through his teeth. “Perhaps that is how the Siren wins.”The lady laughs, nodding in respect, and Jeongguk finds his back getting thumped in cheers. He clinks his tumbler with them and drinks deeply, accepting their congratulations when he tells them off his graduation, becoming fast friends even. The travellers tell him tips and what to expect from the sea, the discussion of the Siren long forgotten- but not from Jeongguk’s mind.“Who is your Master?” One of the travellers asks, and Jeongguk looks behind the find Yoongi stiffening, face hidden under his hat…which he shouldn’t be wearing inside. Jeongguk is about to answer when Jimin suddenly buckles forward, stumbling into Jeongguk and pitching the tumbler, spilling the mead all over. Jeongguk curses and gets up, the traveller helping clear away the spilt tumbler. The moment is gone; he sees Yoongi leave swiftly through the doors like a ghost and is left with Jimin apologising profusely to the man (when Jeongguk is the one with the mead wet trousers), who brushes it off.He pays the exorbitant amount Jimin alone must have racked up while complaining, hoping his puppy eyes could melt the bar lady into giving him a discount. It doesn’t work, though she smiles fondly and pats his cheek. He comes out to the cool night and the sounds of trader shops closing, the streets getting emptier by the hour. Yoongi is outside, leaning against the tavern wall, almost melting into the shadows of the corner wall.“Where did you run off to?” Jimin asks the question Jeongguk had wanted to.“Didn’t want to be introduced to them,” Yoongi says blandly, pushing off and walking down the common path, Jimin and Jeongguk hurrying to catch up.“So you knew them?” Jeongguk asks, excited that his guess was right.“Some of them, yes,” Yoongi says, voice low and slurred. Something is off in his tone. “They…may know of me in different ways, though. Ways I’d rather not say.”Which means Yoongi would be a closed book and not answer a single question. It was one of the things that annoyed Jeongguk to no end, his curiosity left high and dry.“Did you know of the monster?” Jeongguk asks instead. His mind is addled, slow and mellow, his vision obscure, but the story doesn’t leave his mind. Yoongi’s gaze sharpens, and Jeongguk wonders again why Yoongi seems so high on alertness.“You have a lot of interest in that one,” he replies, again very Yoongi of him to avoid a question. “Any particular reason?”Jeongguk shrugs. There is one brewing in his mind, under his skin and his gut, but he knows he would be- possibly hurt- badly for it. “Nothing, I just found it very fascinating. We’re never taught about monsters in sea trade classes at the Academy, are we?”Jimin snorts. “Yeah, because that’s all magic, Jeonggukie. It’s not real. That man must have just caught the average ship-wrecker or a pirate at the very least and made it something more than it is not.” Jimin looks very resolute in his conclusion, and Jeongguk supposes it makes sense- but it doesn’t feel right. “These foreigners, some of the other countries still believe in magic. I find it very sad that they are still caught in the archaic ways, don’t you agree, Yoongi?”Jeongguk turns to watch Yoongi, wait for his agreement. Yoongi is quite possibly the most objective man Jeongguk knows of. But when Yoongi remains silent, the itch under his skin, the rings around the pockets of hollow in him, burn again.“We don’t know everything about the world, do we, Jimin-ah?” Is what Yoongi replies at last, and this sets of a debate between the two, though Jeongguk doesn’t miss the long look Yoongi casts in his direction.Hears them bicker through the silence of the night as his mind struggles to quiet and bring back control from his heart, from the hollowness echoing in him, the one that is never satisfied with what he ends up with, that seeks challenges in every space of life.He wonders why the story of the Siren begins to feel like a challenge instead of a story.Jeongguk keeps walking on.~

