
    Chapter Text
    
  
 
  INTRODUCTION TO THE STORY's UNIVERSE
 
  The Ancestral Land:
It is the blessed continent that has yet not been invaded by barbaric human tribes. It is the biggest of the continents in this AU’s world and can only be reached by ship. The Ancestral Land is shared by Faeries and Shape-shifting werewolves and Human activity, if any, requires royal permission and is strictly monitored by an accompanying chaperone of any of the two species.
   

  The Whispering Woods:
A thick forest that spans a little more than half of The Ancestral Land and is inhabited by The Woodland Faeries – Elven fairies, Nymphs, Pixies, Sprites and many other mysterious plants and animals. The Woodland Faeries are free beings and are on friendly terms with the werewolves.
   

  Land of the Fey:
The Kingdom of Faeries – the faeries that live here are referred to as The Royals. It is an enchanted kingdom located underground with magical entrances known only to faeries. The Woodland Faeries avoid too much interaction with the Royals and Werewolves are prohibited from entry into the kingdom. The Royals and the Werewolf kingdoms and tribes have been at odds with each other for centuries and there is always fear of war between the two, while The Woodland Faeries remain neutral.Both the Royal Faeries and the Woodland Faeries have certain special abilities that vary according to and depend on several factors including the birth element and the fairy’s lineage.
   

  Land of the Lupus:
The area of the Ancestral Land not covered by the Whispering Woods. It is home to many werewolf tribes and several kingdoms ruled by shape-shifter kings. 
  Realm of the Pale King:
A peaceful and prosperous kingdom established and ruled by the only omega king in history who is unlike any other omega. The population is mostly omegas but betas and some woodland Fey can also be found living here. Alphas who promise to live peacefully and treat omegas as equals are allowed into the kingdoms territory. Although, since alphas are dominating and are used to mistreating omegas, the only alphas that can be found in this kingdom are mostly those that live with their mated omega. 
  The Yellow Kingdom:
A powerful kingdom located in the south. The climate is harsh and hot, the land is mostly a desert and resources are traded in from the surrounding tribes in exchange for the kingdom’s precious rare jewels and snake-skin. The king is said to be a strict and brutish alpha that does not get along with any of the royal families of the other established werewolf kingdoms. 
  Land of the Kim Clan:
Only alphas of direct descent of the Lupa Kim family that has been, according to legends, blessed by the goddess of the moon, can inherit the throne. Betas of the same descent also cannot inherit. There are a total of 5 clans with the family name Kim on the Ancestral Land but only the Lupa Kim clan rules over this kingdom. Omegas are not mistreated but they do not enjoy many rights as betas and alphas do. 
  Other Kingdoms and Tribes:
There are many other smaller kingdoms and tribes ( packs ) and I might mention some particular names as the story progresses.
   

  Dynamics:

  Alpha:
Often taller and with stronger builds and musky scents. Dominating and can use Alpha Voice to make omegas and less-resistant betas submit. Royal alphas are able to make even other alphas of lower lineage and power to submit. Have ruts every three months during which the urge to mate and sire offspring is predominant. A rut can last 3-4 days. In this story there are only male alphas.
   

  Betas:
Have a calming aura. Do not have heats or ruts and are not affected by the heat/rut pheromones. Both male and female have chance of conceiving if mated to an alpha. There is 1 in a 1000 chance of conceiving in male beta/male omega and male beta/female omega pairings, though the chance is higher in the latter. There is no chance of reproduction in female beta/any omega pairing. 
  Omegas:
Petite and small in stature and generally have less physical strength. They go through a 3-4 day heat every month. All omegas submit to alphas especially if under the influence of an Alpha Voice. However, there are very rare occurrences of omegas who do not submit to an Alpha command unless it belongs to their bonded mate. There have been only few recorded cases of this. Omegas, except in the Pale King’s Realm, have the lowest status, do not hold any official positions and mostly just take care of their home and their mate and children.  
  
    Chapter Text
                                                                                                         “Oh darling…” the face of the woman crouched before the small boy was laden with sympathy. “My little prince, I know you wish to play but we have discussed this already, have we not, Seokjinnie? You have to finish your lessons first.” The woman chided the boy, but there was fondness in her eyes too. The boy – Prince Seokjin – clasped his mother’s hands in his, his voice resembling a whine as he spoke next. “But mother, the lessons are just so dull! I cannot help but doze off.” The prince pouted. ” And when I do, the old tutor hits me on the head with his scrolls!” He exclaimed. The queen laughed softly, caressing her son’s cheek. “Come on, then, let us go back. I am certain that Sir Lee is still waiting for you in your study.” “Nooooo!” the young prince whined, “I do not want to go back! I don’t like Sir Lee and besides, I can just study when I grow older.”   The queen smiled at her son and the boy’s face brightened; after all, he loved his mother’s smile. However, the queen’s attendant, Hyejin, could see the deep sadness in her eyes. “But my boy, we do not know what the future holds. You have to do your best when you have the chance to.” The queen patted the boy on his head. “Not everything lasts forever, Seokjinnie.”  ***  The queen sat on a chair that had been pulled up by the bed, a damp wash cloth in her hand. She dabbed the cloth against Seokjin’s sweaty forehead, wiping the sweat away while the boy writhed and twisted among the silken sheets. “He is going to be so devastated, my queen.” Hyejin took the cloth from the queen’s hand to rinse it in a basin of water. Seokjin’s mother sighed as her son clutched tighter at her hand, the pain of his first heat scorching his insides. “I worry about him.” The queen consort confided in her attendant, her closest friend apart from her husband- the king- and her two sons. “He is a free spirit, but now that he is an omega he will not have the freedom to do as he pleases.” “But still, he is the crown prince and His Majesty loves him dearly. I would like to think that the council would not dare to impose too many restrictions on the prince.” The queen shook her head, brushing away her son’s matted hair from his forehead as the last bout of heat died down and Seokjin curled up on his side. “The King’s council would not approve if Jinnie’s behavior in the future is anything but that of a perfect omega.” She stated. “It is just the way our world works. Outside our homes omegas have no power and no say in politics.” “But My Queen, do you not always say that not everything lasts forever?” Hyejin asked. The Queen herself was an omega, but she too had no power in the palace. However, she was an intelligent and lettered person and would often ramble on to Hyejin for hours about the many amazing versions of the future that she had dreamt up during her younger years. “The world is bound to change, is it not?” “I very much hope so, dear. And I would love to see that change come about while my boys are still young, so that they could be able to decide their future themselves.” she withdrew her hand from where it was clutched in Seokjin’s sweaty palm and stood up, smoothing down her gown. “Shall we go draw a bath for him now, Hyejin? After the last three days I imagine he would be very exhausted when he wakes later.” “Yes, my lady.”  ***  Prince Seokjin was the finest example that one could use to illustrate that nothing lasts forever. The omega prince was fourteen now, it being almost a year since he had presented and had his first heat, and he lived in luxury and comfort of the royal palace of the Lupa Kim Clan. Seokjin ate the most delicious food, had the rarest breeds of horse in the palace stables, had hundreds of servants at his beck and call and dressed in the best clothes - made from the most expensive material and only by the most expert of the seamstresses and tailors in the kingdom. But Seokjin was an omega. The food tasted bland because the only company he ever had for meals – apart from the occasional dinners with his father, the King – where the omega mates of the court advisors and the king’s council. They were never the best company; always talking about being docile, submitting to alphas and birthing pups. Occasionally there would be talks of a presumed affair happening between a noble alpha and omega, which Seokjin found a little bit more interesting than the other conversational topics, but those too soon lost their novelty to him. The horses in his stables were just for show too, since he wasn’t actually allowed to learn how to ride them. The clothes were too gaudy for his liking anyway, and besides, with how many sewing lessons he’s been taking in the last year alone, Seokjin was sure that given a few more years he would be able to sew clothes a hundred times better than the ones he wore now. The servants too, often spoke to each other in dialects or local languages that Seokjin wasn’t familiar with, and more often than not he was sure that they were probably talking bad about him. The most horrible experience about being an omega though, was the alphas’ behavior towards him. He was looked down upon, his opinions ignored and his wants overlooked as much as possible. To the alphas in the palace, who were mainly either on the King’s council or the palace guard, Seokjin was almost invisible. Sure, they would bow and greet him in the halls but that was as far as their respect for him went.  And then there was the Alpha Voice. His new tutor was one of his father’s advisors who had a nasty knack for always using his alpha status to order omegas around, and so he often used his Voice on Seokjin when he refused to study or talked back. What Sir Jung and every other alpha in the palace did not know, however, was the fact that the Alpha Voice had no effect on the Prince and that Seokjin would burst into laughter when in private after pretending to follow the alpha’s command until the other was out of sight. He was glad that he at least had this advantage and no one but his mother and her personal attendant Hyejin knew of this fact. Not even the King or his younger brother, Prince Jungkook. But now there would be only one person who would know. The final blow to Seokjin’s ever dampening spirit came half a dozen days ago in the form of the Queen’s death. A complicated pregnancy, They said, The pup was too big to be birthed and the Queen did not survive the difficult labour. Seokjin did not cry – at least not immediately. He went to see his mother’s now lifeless body, and then to comfort his brother and then finally he sought out the King. Ever a stoic man, his father exuded authority, not showing any emotion. But Seokjin was old enough to understand their parents’ mannerisms when in private and he could say with complete confidence that they loved each other earnestly and ardently. This made it easier for him to see past his father’s faux display of composure and he wrapped his arms around the King when they were finally left alone in the room and his father let the façade fall away, crying silent tears. His father’s grief had been silent and mellow in nature, but his brother’s was not. The 12 year old prince clutched at Seokjin’s robes and Hyejin’s hands while he bawled out his eyes, sobbing violently before finally falling asleep with his head in his older brother’s lap. It was in the privacy of his own bedchamber’s – devoid of any prying eyes – that Seokjin finally collapsed, tears flowing freely as he sniffled into his pillows, trying to muffle the sounds of his crying.  ***  It was during his mother’s wake that Seokjin saw a faerie for the first time. The nymph faerie was an envoy of sorts from the Woodlands, sent to pay respects to the queen on behalf of all the Woodland faeries. Seokjin had gawked at the fairy open-mouthed, simply amazed at the sight, until Hyejin nudged him to focus. The envoy was tall and slender, skin pale like milk and had pink hair that reached her waist. She was adorned in garments made of leaves and flowers and green stems all of which seemed to have a life of their own as they shifted around and made the patterns on her gown change. As to her age, however, Seokjin couldn’t say for sure. She seemed very young – too young to hold an important position such as an envoy of a whole race - but he knew that faeries aged differently from humans and shape-shifters. He watched as the lady gazed upon his mother’s body in the glass casket. Seokjin gasped when flowers appeared inside the coffin - simply out of thin air - as the woman put her hand to the glass lid. His mother looked serene lying among the colorful blossoms and the Prince sent a silent thank you to the faerie envoy for the small yet beautiful gesture.  ***  Seokjin’s mother had been put to rest in the castle’s tomb where all the ancestors of the Lupa Kim clan and their mates were buried. Everything in the kingdom went back to how it had been before his mother’s passing, but for the crown prince nothing was the same again. Seokjin was now a fairly recently presented omega with no support and no say in anything – be it related to issues of their kingdom or his own life. His mother had been his anchor since the day he had presented – and all his life before that too. The number of times he had come crying or complaining to her when someone treated him ill or used an Alpha Voice on him just because they could were too many and Seokjin remembered the queen patting his back gently as she lulled him to sleep through all of his tantrums. But now he had no one to turn to when he was hurt. Instead, he took his mother’s role upon himself and cared for his little brother, Jungkook, who tried so hard to be strong and not reveal his troubles to the older. Seokjin had felt both thankful and heartbroken for the little boy. The only saving grace had been his father, the King. The day after the wake Seokjin was summoned to the King’s study and his father had spent the whole day with his eldest son, even going as far as to forgo the daily court meeting with the council. That day, the king had told him that Seokjin shouldn’t lower himself to others just because he was an omega, he urged his son to learn and be an intelligent person like the queen had been. That evening, before Seokjin departed for his own chambers to retire for the night, his father had placed a heavy leather pouch into the palm of his hand. The pouch contained a heavy iron key-ring with dozens of keys hanging from it. They were keys to all the important rooms and chambers in the castle and the King had granted Seokjin access to all of them, provided that no one ever saw Seokjin go into them of course. And by no one he had meant his advisors and all of the knights and guards in the palace. Seokjin had felt immense happiness at the knowledge that his father would not be restricting him because he needed to learn how to be a proper omega, but that happiness turned out to be short lived as well. As the days went on the Prince had to come to terms with the fact that it was simply impossible to avoid all the palace guards because there were just too many of them.  ***  Seokjin ate, slept and attended all his omega lessons on singing, dancing, sewing and etiquette. Every day that went by was dull and monotone. A few months passed and Jungkook presented as an alpha just a few weeks after his thirteenth birthday. The court had been overjoyed and a ball was immediately planned to celebrate the event – after all, it was the first joyous occasion that the palace had seen in months!    Seokjin and Jungkook had grown extremely close over the span of the past few months and the younger was almost always seen trailing behind his brother - unless it was time for their lessons, of course. They couldn’t do anything about it even if they wanted to, because be it as it may, Seokjin was an omega and Jungkook an alpha. The lessons tailored for the two dynamics were too different in nature and while Seokjin learned how to sew, submit to alphas and obey his mate, Jungkook was taught how to wield a sword and ride a horse. The younger studied war tactics, politics and learned the languages spoken across their kingdom’s various regions. But Jungkook never made Seokjin feel inferior. He never used his Voice on his older brother and never imposed his own opinions on the older. Instead he sought Seokjin for advice. It should have made Seokjin happy - that his brother valued his opinion so much; but instead it only hurt him more because every time that the younger asked and he could not provide Jungkook an answer Seokjin felt useless. He was an illiterate omega who could not even sing or dance gracefully; a prince only in name.  ***  The date was nearing Seokjin’s fifteenth birthday by the time the invitations were sent out and the preparations for the ball had begun, and the council took it upon themselves to put a little twist as to the nature of the ball. Besides being a celebration of the younger prince’s alpha presentation, it was now also a matchmaking event to find a suitable mate for the Crown Prince. Seokjin’s mind froze for a good few moments upon hearing the news and when he had regained his senses enough he immediately rushed to seek an audience with the king. He burst into his father’s study, running full speed and almost colliding face-first into the polished wooden doors. His father appeared calm and it was as if the king had expected this reaction from his eldest. “Your Majesty!” Seokjin exclaimed as he stood in front of the large desk, the edge digging in harshly where it was pressed against the prince’s palms. “This cannot be true! What is this talk of marriage? Father, please –“ And before Seokjin or even the king could say anything else Jungkook burst into the room, heaving and panting for air. “Father, you cannot accept this proposal! You simply cannot do this to brother!” Seokjin felt his heart warm at his brother’s care for him. “Please speak to the council, father. I beg you. And if it’s a marriage arrangement that they want then tell them that they could search for a match for me instead. I’m sure that that would satisfy them enough for the time being.” And the warmth that he felt mere moments ago faded just like that, in an instant. His brother just turned thirteen! What marriage? It is better that he be the one that would be married off if it meant that the council wouldn’t bother Jungkook in this regard, if only for a few more years.   The king laughed without any actual mirth to the action and it startled both of his sons into silence. “I’m afraid, Jungkook, that I might have no other choice than to take you up on your suggestion, son.” Their father sighed, shoulder’s slumping as he passed Jungkook an unrolled scroll of parchment paper. “That is the only way to appease the advisors now.” Jungkook’s eyes went wide as he scanned through the lines crawled in ink and Seokjin ached to know what the paper said. The younger looked up at Seokjin, many emotions running across his features. “It is mother’s will.” He stated simply and Seokjin’s breath hitched. “W-What does it…what does it say?” he asked, his voice shaking and barely a whisper but both Jungkook and his father had heard it. The younger prince tried his best to decipher the words. It had been only a little over a month since he started learning to read and write and he could manage the basic sentences pretty well, but the more advanced vocabulary was difficult to understand. Jungkook swallowed the lump in his throat and after a while decided that for now he would read just the parts that concerned either him or his brother. “Mother, she…made a list of suitable candidates for me to choose my future mate from. There are names here and sub-genders too, so I would have an option to choose from no matter what I would’ve presented as, I think.” Jungkook summarizes, going over the names in his mind. Out of all the names that his mother had written down the young prince knew only one. “She states here that her favorite is advisor Jung’s daughter.” The omega girl Jung Jiwoo was almost 2 years older than Jungkook, but she must have been a really good person for his mother to think so highly of her and recommend her candidature for Jungkook’s mate despite her being older. As the younger prince pondered over his mother’s choice of mate candidates, Seokjin cringed inwardly at the mention of his tutor’s name. He knew that advisor Jung had two children, Jiwoo and Hoseok, the latter being older than Seokjin by a few years, but other than that he had no idea. His tutor, however, was a horrible alpha and an even more horrible person. In the end, the oldest prince decided to meet the siblings to check if they were anything like their father – and if they are then there is no way he would let Jungkook marry the omega girl, Jiwoo. “She also made arrangements for you, brother.” Seokjin’s eyes widened at that. His sixteenth birthday was next year and he would soon be of a marriageable age for omegas. Surely, the council would see it fit for him to be married off speedily to an alpha that provided the best strategic advantage to the kingdom. “Did she already have anyone in mind?” the older of the two princes enquired but his brother shook his head in reply. “No, she did not. Instead, she has stated here vehemently that no marriage arrangements be made on behalf of you until you reach your twentieth year or unless you choose your own mate before then.” Seokjin was left speechless as he pondered over his mother’s decision for his future. He was already so thankful to the queen, for raising him well and always providing him with care and support. But this was on another level entirely. No one on the council, not even the King himself, would be able to overrule the Queen’s final words, and this meant that Seokjin would not have to be worried about betrothals and being tied to some unknown alpha that could potentially be his future mate for at least another five years! He listened intently as his younger brother recited the rest of the Queen’s will, feeling a little bit of happiness bloom inside of him for the first time in months. ***  “Your highness, please stand up straight, we cannot fasten the ties otherwise.” One of his attendants pleaded as the 2 beta girls and the omega boy tried to dress him up in his attire for the ball. Seokjin huffed in annoyance, but straightened his back so as to not give the attendants too much trouble. “Aunty Hyejin, do the robes have to be so gaudy? Something at least a little bit simpler should be enough, should it not?” Hyejin – his mother’s former chief attendant, and in accordance to the Queen’s will, now Prince Seokjin’s – sighed at the use of endearment, but the Prince saw the small smile on her lips. The older beta woman had asked him numerous times not to address her as ‘aunty’ because, as a prince, it would be improper for him to refer to her as such. But Seokjin never relented; she had been a good friend to his mother and he would treat her with respect, even if no one else did. “Yes, my prince, they do have to be so gaudy.” Her smile widened at the prince’s displeased expression. “Many nobles and dignitaries from all over the Ancestral Lands are going to be in attendance. It is only right that both of the kingdom’s princes be presented looking their best.” “Mmm…I’m always at my best, though. My handsome face is all I need.” He grinned, lifting up his hands to pat at his face lightly. The three attendants squeaked in dismay as the belts that they had been working to tie came undone. “Oops.”    Hyejin rolled her eyes at the prince’s antics. “But the council would be displeased.” Seokjin stopped mid-twirl in front of his mirror. “Leave us.” The prince turned around to face the older woman as the attendants nodded - finally having finished dressing him up – and left the room.  “When you told me that you would teach me to read and write – were you sincere? Or did you just say so to comfort me…” he trailed off. He really wanted to learn, though. In their kingdom, children were only taught basic etiquette and language before presenting. The tutor would read them a book or a guide and would orally explain the meanings of the words. It is only after presenting that their further course of study is determined, with omegas learning how to entertain guests and manage their homes while alphas and noble or high ranking betas learned how to read and write while also studying politics and war. Jungkook had already begun the course that was meant for the clan’s alphas and according to what he had managed to glean from the palace guards and advisors, his younger brother had been making incredible progress even though he started just a little over two months ago. Seokjin however, being an omega, was denied learning the art of reading and writing. Instead, he had to attend lessons on dancing and singing. Then he had etiquette and in the evening he would head to the nursery to learn how to care for pups. After all, now that he was an omega, that was his only purpose now – pups. “I would be honored to teach you, your highness. It is only because of your mother that I know how to read and write. It’s only right that I teach you now that she is not here to do it herself.” Her voice lowered to almost a whisper at the end. He smiled at her words sadly and the beta woman responded with a smile of her own as they stepped out of Seokjin’s chambers and headed for the ballroom.  ***  The palace’s ball room was a huge, high-ceilinged oval affair, the walls embedded with glittering, semi-precious white stone. The chandelier was enormous, a hundred lit candles in holders made of colorful blown glass hanging from the fixture’s metal arms by thin chains. The highlight, though, was the garden. The ballroom’s fourth wall was nothing but high, open archways leading out into one of the palace’s gardens. The guests watched and cheered enthusiastically as some of the fairy attendees hailing from the Woodlands fashioned large bubbles from the pond’s water, a few of them laughing when they noticed that some of the bubbles had fish flailing inside them. Pixies zapped to and fro, offering fragrant flowers to the omega guests. Seokjin curtsied with a smile as a blue pixie delivered him a rose. These fairies were just so friendly that the prince had a hard time imagining the evil Royal Faeries. They were of the same race, were they not? Surely they could not be so different from each other. Surely, the Royals must have some good in them.    “Is it really true then? He is an omega?” Seokjin turned in search of the high-pitched voice, thinking that they were talking about him again. It wouldn’t be the first time that night that he had to endure pitying looks and superficial comforting words that were uttered only out of obligation and for keeping up appearances. But Seokjin was mistaken this time and the conversation was not about him. In fact, the small group of young shape-shifters did not even notice the prince being there as they continued with the conversation. “Yes, he is truly an omega. It is quite astounding, to say the least, that he had been able to achieve such a feat single-handedly.” A short boy around his age said in reply to the high-pitched omega’s question and a couple of girls in the group clapped and squealed. His nose prickled at the many sweet scents emanating from the omegas as Seokjin neared the group, announcing his arrival with a slight cough. Several pairs of eyes were trained on him now and they each bowed politely with a murmured, “My prince,” or “Your Highness,” or a “Prince Seokjin”, as they recognized just who he was. He greeted them back as he examined everyone in the group. Now that he was right in front of them he could clearly tell apart the various dynamics. The three girls were all omegas while two of the four boys were alphas, the others being a beta and an omega. The boy who had spoken just now was one of the alphas and Seokjin noticed that he had a very pretty face; his features were those that would generally be seen in omegas. His hair was a faded blonde color, bleached naturally by the sun. He had soft brown eyes and full lips and there was a kind of softness to his face, especially in the cheeks. The other alpha in the group was well tanned and had dusty brown hair. He was tall and gangly, all long limbs and glasses perched on his nose, but Seokjin liked the heart-shape of his face. “How may I be of service, your highness?” the short alpha who had introduced himself as Park Jimin asked him. “Ahh…I was passing by and heard you talking. You were saying something about an omega and something they did? I would love to know more, since I don’t get to hear stories of other kingdoms that often while in the palace.” “Of course, of course,” The alpha boy smiled wide. “Join right in. Ahh…Sorry, I entirely forgot about this pillar here.” He patted the tall alpha’s shoulder, grinning when the other alpha glared at the smaller for calling him a pillar. “This here is my cousin, Namjoon. His family lives by the coast, hence the incredible tan. Also, I heard that your mothers – the late Queen and Namjoon’s mother that is – were best friends during their childhood years.” Seokjin felt his eyebrows go up at that and he looked up at Namjoon, waiting for any further details that the other may provide. His mother had almost never spoken to him of her childhood and the information was completely new to him. Namjoon, however, just nodded once curtly, dismissing the prince’s questioning glance. The tall boy’s face was painted with a mix of annoyance and boredom but it lit up a little as Jimin continued on the group’s earlier topic of discussion after sending a quick glare at his cousin, silently admonishing him for being rude to the Crown Prince. Seokjin’s heart hurt a little at the easy way the alpha had dismissed him and he was made even more aware of his own unimportance in the kingdom, even in the eyes of a random person who did not know him at all. The prince hid the hurt, however, tuning in to the conversation as Jimin once again reiterated what the rumors said about the young noble omega who had defeated the alpha king of the northern-most kingdom on the Ancestral Lands and his guard, becoming the first Omega King in history and establishing a nation that would be a safe haven for omegas. 
  A King? An Omega?
 Seokjin was astonished by the revelation. An omega just having an official position was a huge feat in itself, and a very rare occurrence; there weren’t any omega officials in their own kingdom. “I heard that he is only a few years older than I am. Truthfully, I admire his bravery.” Namjoon spoke for the first time since the prince had joined the group, and Seokjin was fairly surprised by the boy’s voice which was deep and smooth. But even more surprising was the way he spoke – he did not use the proper speech and wording that a noble would and instead he spoke like the common folk, without any honorifics and other words that would point to his noble status. “He isn’t like other omegas that mindlessly submit to alphas and don’t even try to fight for their rights.” Everyone in their small group but Jimin were taken aback by the alpha’s directness and the omegas started shifting uncomfortably until they excused themselves from their company, Jimin looking apologetically at them. The beta boy left too and it was only Seokjin, Namjoon and Jimin who remained. “It is not that we don’t try reaching for change, you know.” Seokjin proclaimed, directing the statement at the brown-haired alpha. “It is because that every time we try to, you pathetic alphas use your Alpha Voice on us and we cannot help but submit.” The prince says, his tone radiating pure anger. Jimin seems dumbfounded by the Prince’s statement but Namjoon’s eyes start to turn red and Seokjin excuses himself quickly and briskly walks away before the alpha could turn aggressive. Jimin seemed quite friendly and nice for an alpha but Namjoon was too rude for Seokjin’s liking and the prince didn’t like his condescending view on omegas. The prince roamed the hall, trying to navigate between the dancing couples and groups of people sipping drinks and talking boisterously, probably a little inebriated from the wine. All the while, the mysterious omega who rose to be a king stayed on his mind and he found himself wanting to be at least a little like the other. Now that Jungkook had presented as an alpha, Seokjin knew that it would only be a while before a new crowning ceremony would take place and his title of Crown Prince would be given to his alpha brother instead. Seokjin, being an omega, would never be king and now that he was not the first in line to the throne anymore, his mate too could not take the position of king and neither would Seokjin take on the position of Consort like his mother, the late Queen, had been. But this did not mean that it wouldn’t be possible for him to contribute to the welfare of his kingdom somehow. After all, he was sure that he would have full support from the King and his brother, Jungkook. The Prince finally found his younger brother who was talking animatedly to two people, an alpha boy and an omega girl who both looked regal and intimidating from the way they spoke and carried themselves. They introduced themselves as Jung Hoseok and Jung Jiwoo, children of advisor Jung who was Seokjin’s not-so-friendly tutor. Seokjin put the mildly passive-aggressive alpha that has just indirectly insulted him and most other omegas on earth out of his mind and concentrated on the siblings in front of him. He would make it his mission to see if the older girl was as good as his mother claimed she was. *** What nobody could expect, however, was that a few years later would see Hoseok becoming the older prince’s best friend and confidant and that the alpha would end up saving the lives of both the princes, thereby setting off a chain reaction of events that would change the Ancestral Lands forever.   ***
  
    Chapter Text
                                                                 The narrow corridor was - as it always is – dark, damp and dusty. A few of the cobwebs were back in place again too, despite being brushed away only the previous afternoon. Seokjin made his way down the shadowy path, a feather duster in one hand, a small burning torch in the other and a leather satchel slung over his shoulder, containing a few books and herbs. It was five years ago - a few weeks after Jungkook’s presentation ball - that the older prince discovered the existence of this secret passage. The Lupa Kim Clan’s castle had an abundance of mysterious tunnels, as Seokjin had come to know since then. That day, Seokjin had finally managed to slip by all the guards, successfully remaining unseen until he had reached the castle’s library which was usually reserved for the King, the castle’s scholars, alphas and the librarian, of course. Neither Prince Seokjin nor any of his attendants, including Hyejin, had access to the vast collection of tomes and documents and Seokjin did not like that in the least. Hyejin had begun teaching him to read and write almost immediately after the ball, smuggling story books written by the common folk into the prince’s bedchambers, careful not to be caught by any alphas. But though the books had come from the village closest to the castle, and the dialect in which they had been written was by far the closest to the one they used in the palace, the language and vocabulary was still too simple and instead of the books that Hyejin brought Seokjin wanted to read the books that the palace alphas did, so he could be at least a little bit on par with them. He had stumbled upon the scrolls by pure luck while trying to avoid the librarian who had smelled his omega scent, and in his haste to escape Seokjin had accidentally discovered a hidden compartment containing the palace’s secret scrolls; the scrolls that were supposed to be only for the eyes of the one who donned the crown. Since then Seokjin had free reign over the castle’s grounds. Presently, the Prince made a turn to the right and a few steps further in the passageway opened up into a small, circular room. The room had no windows and was lit up in a soft light only by the two burning oil lamps attached to the walls. The ceiling was low - barely a heads distance between it and the top of Seokjin’s head. The room smelled of floral incense and grassy herbs, permeated through by sweetened moldy undertones of a place that has not been aired out in quite a while. There may have been hundreds of small secret corridors throughout the castle, but this was the only actual room and even though it was rather small, Seokjin had managed to make the most out of the space. He had a desk here, tomes stacked neatly one over the other on one side and papers spread over the rest of the wooden top, still smelling faintly of drying ink. There were three shelves too - two of which had been built by Hyejin and Seokjin himself – lined with books, herbs, quills and bottles of ink. Seokjin placed the torch into one of the empty iron sconces right above the small herb table and removed his satchel, taking out the herbs and starting to grind them. The herbs were dried and thus turned into fine powder instead of a thick, wet paste; the greenish-blue granite pestle a welcome weight in the prince’s hand. He poured the powder into a small leather pouch and hid it away inside his satchel. The powder would go into his herbal teas, its purpose lying in the task of suppressing his omega scent. Though the prince now had access to many hidden paths, the secret corridors often had thin walls separating them from the palace halls and it was easy to be heard from the other side if he made a loud noise, was also quite possible for alphas with a strong nose to smell his scent through the small cracks in the walls’ stone. The herbs didn’t really make his scent go away completely, just mellowing it down to be nearly undetectable unless in close proximity to his scent glands, but it was still better than nothing. The prince made his way back to his chambers, retracing his steps through the dusty passageway and emerging into an empty room that was situated in his wing of the palace. He peered outside the room, making sure that no guards were in sight before swiftly walking across the hall, down a corridor and back to his own bedchambers where his attendant had been waiting for him to return. Seokjin handed the pouch containing the week’s worth of scent suppressing herbs to Hyejin who proceeded to make his tea. “Any news for me, Aunty Hyejin?” the prince enquired as the beta woman handed him a warm cup of lemony tea infused with the herbs. “I overheard one of the generals say that they were going to discuss the latest attack by the Royals today.” The older woman replied, proceeding to hide the herb pouch in its usual place - under a loose stone in the floor, just on the edge of the prince’s bed. “I talked to some of the villagers and from what I had managed to gather, the Royal Faeries most likely attacked one of the larger towns this time, a few days journey away from the castle.” “They’ve ventured much nearer to the castle this time.” The prince mused, Hyejin giving him a small nod. He would have to ask Hoseok more about this later.
   
Where was his friend anyway? Hoseok had made himself scarce over the past year and a half, going away weeks at a time, and once it had been for a whole three months! His best friend avoiding the topic like he would the plague didn’t do much in terms of lessening the Prince’s curiosity either. But he would be returning soon anyway, Seokjin knew – after all, the alpha definitely wouldn’t want to miss his own sister’s wedding. “Did my brother come by?” “Yes, My Prince. He did come for a visit.” The beta took away his empty cup. “I told him you were taking a walk in the gardens.” Seokjin nodded approvingly, standing up and adjusting his robes. “He’s been sulking recently. Wedding jitters.” Seokjin huffed out a laugh. “I’m just glad the advisors scheduled the ceremony after my heat and not during it. I don’t know what I would’ve done if I ended up not being able to attend.” “Best decision they ever made, if you ask me, Your Highness.” The beta smiled, a knowing glint in her eyes. It was times like this that Seokjin was most thankful for the beta woman, thankful that he could be his real self in front of her. “Of course it was.” The prince’s grin stretched wide. “Now…I think I should go find Jungkookie. It’s time he got himself together - the wedding is just a week away.” He announced, heading for the door with Hyejin nodding and following after the prince.   ***   “I do not think I can do it.” “Jungkook, you should have thought of this before they announced the wedding. Heck, you should have talked to her before the engagement!” The younger brother’s eyes widened momentarily at the older prince’s use of a curse word, even though it was a minor one. The surprise was quickly overwritten though, in favor of a more pressing topic. “It wouldn’t have mattered if I did. The council was adamant and you know that, brother. You must remember how unwilling they were to even postpone the engagement.” And Seokjin did remember.  He remembered arriving at his chambers from one of his secret walks outside the palace to find the then sixteen year old boy slumped over on one of the settees, back bent forward and head in his hands. He remembered days of meetings with his father and brother, where they tried to come up with a strategy to make the council postpone Jungkook and Jiwoo’s engagement but even after days of trying, the council wouldn’t yield and the ceremony was finalized. “You know, Jiwoo is not just some senseless omega. Hoseok didn’t bring up his sister in a way that she would just follow someone’s orders. If she was against the idea of marrying you then she would have said something by now.” “That’s the problem!” Jungkook exclaimed. “She might not be against it but that doesn’t mean that she loves me – or even likes me, if at all.” “And how would you know what she feels if you do not ask? Do you expect her to be the one to talk to you first? I thought you had more courage than this, Jungkookie.” The younger prince made a defeated noise, leaning back against the cushions in the settee. “I just don’t know if it is for the best – us getting married, I mean. What if she finds someone she loves later on but cannot be with them because she is tied to me.” “Jungkook, do you love Jiwoo?” The younger sputtered, his eyes darting all over the room as the tips of his ears turned red. Seokjin’s eyes crinkled with mirth and he was also distantly aware of a small smile playing on his attendant’s lips, but his focus remained on his brother’s reaction. Oh, how the boy was whipped.  “Well?” He prompted when the younger stayed quiet, avoiding the older prince’s searching gaze. “Um… I li-like spending time with her.” He finally stuttered out. “She is funny, smart and beautiful.” The younger blushed even more, the red spreading over his cheeks and down his neck. “She takes care of me well, and you and brother Hoseok. And I don’t really like it when she talks to other alphas too much, especially when I am aware just what is going through their heads. I mean, she is engaged! Shouldn’t those alphas at least try to control their hormones in the presence of a betrothed omega?” the young prince huffed out the last part, voice deeply infused with annoyance. Seokjin tried his best not laugh at the younger’s admission of possessiveness over his fiancé. “Then talk to her - and no buts!” he said before his little brother could protest. “You don’t have to mate immediately after the wedding. We can just give the council some kind of excuse, ask them for some time. We still have a week until the ceremony; I will try my best to think of something.”  “Yes, we still have a whole week. A week most of which you will spend being in heat, brother!” the younger stressed, and well, he was right. “The only thing you will be able to think of during that time is getting knot-- Oww!“ he gave a surprised shout when Seokjin hit him harshly on his back. “What? You know…” he fell quiet, scooting away from his older brother when he noticed Seokjin’s eyes glow blue, a perfectly admonished expression settling over his features, eyes cast down and mouth in a small pout. “Sorry.” His voice was barely a whisper. Seokjin knew that his brother had meant it in a teasing way, not in a disrespectful or degrading, but any talk of omegas’ base instincts during heats was never a comfortable topic for the older prince who loathed the unwelcome craving for an alpha that he got during the haze. He took a couple of deep breaths, inhaling and exhaling slowly and willing his eyes to go back to their original color – a shiny black with a thin, almost unnoticeable silvery ring around the pupil. “It is alright, Jungkookie.” He said when he managed to calm down. “I over reacted.” Jungkook only gives a slight nod, not used to seeing his brother bristling. There is a knock on the door before Seokjin can make any further attempt to reassure his bother and he watched as a tall beta snuck into the room. The man - Mingyu - was Jungkook’s chief attendant. “Your highness, summons have been issued for the meeting. The King expects you at court soon. Yejin has asked me to inform that His Majesty wishes to speak to you in private before the council arrives.” Mingyu announced, leaving the room after an acknowledging nod from the younger prince. Yejin was the King’s chief attendant and if their father thought it fit for her to be the one to deliver the message then he must have something important to speak about to Jungkook. “Go to our father. We can talk again later.” He stated just as Jungkook opened his mouth to speak and the younger acquiesced after a moment, standing up and exiting the room after a final glance back at his older brother. Seokjin leaned back in his seat, closing his eyes as he silently scolded himself for not being able to control his emotions. He startled lightly when he felt a cool hand press against his forehead, but it was just Hyejin. “You have a high temperature, Your Highness. I think you are going into pre-heat.” “What?” The prince’s eyes widen and he stares at Hyejin, contemplating her words. It would explain his heightened emotional response and his eyes were glowing too, which was a rare sight even when he was extremely angry. “Are you sure you are not mistaken, aunty Hyejin?” The prince tries to check his own temperature, pressing the back of his own palm against his forehead and then against the side of his neck. Maybe he was a little too warm. “It’s early by a whole day, though.” “Look on the bright side, Your Highness. You will be able to have more rest after.” The beta says as she gestures for him that enough time has passed. True. Now he would be able to get in another whole day of rest before he would have to attend the wedding ceremony. At least he would be in his best condition then, instead of looking like a sleepless zombie. Ughh!! How he wished that there were herbs to suppress heats too. But alas, even the scent suppressing plants were difficult to obtain and Hyejin had gone to great lengths to procure a shifter who would trade the required herbs. He stands up and the two of them leave the leisure room, Hyejin heading back to oversee work and Seokjin to eavesdrop on the council meeting like he always did.   ***   Whatever his father had meant to talk about with Jungkook must have been brief because by the time the older prince managed to slip past the guards and down the correct tunnel that ended just behind the King’s throne, the advisors and ministers had already assembled inside the court. He inspected the floor and the wall, making sure there were no spiders nearby, and crouched down to look through the tiny hole between the stones that made up the wall. Advisor Jung was there, of course, and so were his closest allies Sir Lee – Seokjin’s old tutor – and minister Ma. Out of all the people inside the court the only ones Seokjin did not hate were the King, Jungkook and General Song, who he had been close to even since before his mother had passed away. “We need to strengthen the palace’s defenses, Your Majesty. There have been too many attacks to ignore and we have to think about Prince Jungkook’s wedding next week too.” He heard the general’s powerful, steady voice resound through the room behind the wall. “Father, how about we station the new recruits? At least until the guests leave. They can resume their training after the ceremony.” Jungkook suggested, receiving a few approving hums and words of agreement in return. The king seemed satisfied with the idea too. “Let us do that then.” The king agreed. “General Song, I leave the posting decision to you.” “Yes, Your Majesty.” The general bowed. Seokjin clutched at his abdomen as he felt a sudden pain stab through his gut, the symptoms of his heat starting to act up. It was too soon. His heats were almost always on schedule - never off by more than a day, and during pre-heat he never felt any symptoms besides a slight fever. He moved away from the wall, sitting down so that his back and head leaned against the cool stone as he continued to listen in on the meeting. “Have we received any word from Alpha Ha?” The King continued questioning the council.  “A letter came in early this morning, My King. The correspondent was Alpha Ha’s eldest daughter, Jiwon.” Seokjin recognized Sir Lee’s voice as he replied to the prince’s father. The king took in a deep breath, sighing heavily. “What does the letter say?” “The city was burned down completely. Most of the shifters were either killed or captured. Lady Jiwon had managed to escape with her mother, younger brother and a few other families. Alpha Ha has perished in battle.” Sir Lee droned in a voice that was breathy and drawn thin with old age. “Jiwon and her family can stay in the palace for now – her father was a good friend and a great leader. Arrange shelter for the other survivors down in the Moon village.” The Moon village? This was the village closest to the castle. Seokjin could go down there and speak to the refugees, gain more information – but it would have to wait until after his heat and the wedding. “And what about the Woodlands?” “We have sent an envoy - just as you had ordered. But it has been over a month and we have yet to receive word.” General Song replied. A booming noise reverberated throughout the room just as Seokjin’s stomach cramped up again, the older prince drawing his legs up so that his knees were now pressed to his chest. There was shuffling on the other side of the wall as the price willed the pain to go away and he imagined the King’s attendant – Yejin, moving from her place below the throne and towards the heavy wooden doors of the courtroom. Seokjin waited as there was more shuffling and then muffled voices before his father’s clear “Let him in.” Seokjin heard the doors creak as they were opened wide to let the visitor in but everything else became a blur as the heat intensified suddenly, his suppressors failing to hide his pheromones and his vision momentarily being tinged with blue as his inner omega surfaced briefly. The prince cursed under his breath as his senses doubled, his nose being attacked by dozens of different alpha scents. Seokjin bit down on his hand to hold back a whine as his omega cringed at the numerous overbearing and murky scents, the conversation happening inside the courtroom not registering with his hazy mind. He tried standing up to leave but then his whole body went lax as another alpha’s scent invaded his sensitive nose - Sun-kissed sand and salt and fresh air. Seokjin snapped back to attention, berating his omega as he registered that the wolf inside him actually approved of the alpha’s scent. It had happened a few times before, over the years since his presentation, but he had never been in heat then and now that it was happening while he was in heat everything just felt more intense. The prince heard the alarms blaring inside his head and he could feel it before he could even smell it as slick ran down the insides of his thighs. He heard a deep, low growl from inside the court room and then the Prince was scrambling to his feet, trying to not make any noise as he hurried down the passage and to his own room, hoping not to run into any alphas and for the slick running down his legs to ease up at least until he reached his bed.   ***   The prince sighed and submerged himself under the warm water of his bath. He stretched out once, trying to loosen up his muscles, before resurfacing again and settling in such that the water just reached his clavicle. Seokjin lost himself deep in his own thoughts, trying to think of a solution to his brother’s dilemma and wondering why the heck his heat this time had been so intense. Hyejin came into the wash area just as the water was beginning to become too cold for his liking and with his attendant’s help he quickly dried himself with a soft towel. He dressed in his underclothes and a robe, exiting the slightly humid room without managing to come up with a conclusion to either two of his musings. He kneaded the sore muscles of his thighs as he waited for the beta to finish brewing his suppressant tea. “Has there been word of Hoseok? Did Jiwoo arrive at the palace yet?” He asked as Hyejin stirred the powdered herbs into the simmering water.    The elderly woman shook her head, pouring the tea into a cup. “Lady Jung is scheduled to arrive on the morning of the wedding. As for the young sir Jung, there’s still nothing.” Seokjin hummed to himself. He just hoped his best friend would be able to make it in time for the ceremony. Why hasn’t he written to him? Hoseok might have not told him just where he was going off to on his adventures but he had always sent him letters. Not hearing from the alpha for such an extended period of time caused something to itch within the prince and he just hoped that the other man was safe. The prince sighed again. Just two more days and his younger brother would be a married man. And now that Seokjin was over twenty years of age his mother’s Will would no longer be able to prevent his own marriage. He just hoped that he would have some say in choosing his future mate.   ***   Seokjin took in bits of conversation from all around him as he sat at the long table, munching lazily on a piece of lemon tart, and then another one, and another. There was talk of engagements between various shifter families, trade routes, more attacks by the Royals, rumors of a pack that traded omega slaves, humans trying to breach the coast – so many different topics. Seokjin ate up all the information eagerly, in the same manner as he ate up his tart, but did not engage in any of the conversations himself. “Still stuffing yourself with food, I see.” The prince heard a deep voice from behind him and was greeted with a dimpled smirk as he turned around, looking up to see one Kim Namjoon. Seokjin scoffed at the alpha. “I see nothing wrong with eating something I like.” The prince had seen the alpha only two more times since their first meeting at Jungkook’s ball – once during Jungkook’s official engagement ceremony two years ago and another time last year, when Namjoon had accompanied his father to a court meeting. Both of those times they had parted on bad terms, the two of them not even trying to be cordial to the other. “People eat, Your Highness. You just devour everything in sight.” “And why does that bother you so much Sir Kim?” Seokjin raised an eyebrow at the older alpha. “Are you jealous that you have to do all that exercise to stay fit while I remain perfectly gorgeous even with all the food I eat?” “Gorgeous?” the alphas voice was colored with disbelief as he snorted at the Prince’s statement. “Please…vain is what you are.” “Oh? And here I was thinking that alphas preferred vain omegas.” Kim Namjoon shook his head in exasperation, his mouth stretched into a thin line. “How has Sir Park been fairing recently?” Seokjin asked when he saw that the alpha – who had taken the seat across from him – made no move to leave or continue the conversation. He had seen the friendly alpha only once during all these years and even though the Prince did not know much about the short man, he could definitely agree that the other was a much better company than Sir Kim. “Jimin’s back home – in Aelia City. Studying medicine. After all his escapades he finally settled down last year, declaring that he wanted to be a healer.
   
An Alpha healer? How unusual... But Seokjin thought that it suited the man well since he was always rambling on about how he would love to be able to help people, “Anyhow, why have I not seen your father around? He always tells me interesting stories – unlike someone else.” It was odd when the expected reaction did not come and the Prince raised his head from his plate when he registered Namjoon’s seaweed scent starting to turn acrid. The tall man gazed at his own clasped hands where they lay in his lap. He was eerily quiet for a few moments before he finally sighed and spoke, his tone low and slightly shaking which surprised the Prince. “Father has passed away. He was the official envoy to the Woodlands and we received his head in a box a couple of weeks ago. Courtesy of the Royals.” Seokjin’s omega recoiled a little at the sadness emanating from the alpha and the Prince scrambled for words. But he knew that mere words of comfort would not ease the pain – the Queen’s passing has taught him that – and hence the Prince stayed quiet as Namjoon picked up a glass from one of the servers’ trays and started sipping on it, not sparing the Prince another glance.   ***   The day went back to its usual pace as soon as Namjoon excused himself so that he could go speak to some other officials and Seokjin rejoined the crowd. It bothered Seokjin a little that he could not offer any kind of comfort - his omega instincts kicking in for a while, but he went on about the rest of the banquet with a smile plastered on his face, greeting guests and making small talk. He had been trying to locate his younger brother for quite a while now, but it proved difficult given the throng of people in the hall and the fact that he was repeatedly stopped by random alphas and omegas who kept asking him about his own plans for marriage since he was twenty already. He spotted Jungkook in a corner, watching for a moment in amusement as his brother fidgeted beside Jiwoo before heading towards the pair. His brother’s fiancé spotted him first and curtsied. Normally they would forgo all the fancy bows and greetings since the three of them along with Hoseok had been friends for many years already, but since there were other people today they had to keep up appearances. Seokjin greeted the omega girl and turned to his younger brother, raising his brow in question. The younger lowered his head. No. So he wasn’t able to speak to her yet. Seokjin sighed, shaking his head at the younger.  “So, how are you feeling, sister Jiwoo?” “Fine mostly, your highness. A bit peeved at my brother’s impeccably lacking sense of time, but fine.” Seokjin laughed. Oh, his friend would be in a lot of trouble if he does not show up soon. “So I assume that you must have not heard from him either.” The omega girl shook her head, a frown settling over her features. “I know he loves traveling but this is too much, do you not think so Your Highness? How could he be late to his own sister’s marriage!?” she massaged her temples. Seokjin looked towards his brother as he spoke, “How about you take a walk in the garden? A little fresh air would be good and you two need a break – you will be cooped up in here entertaining guests until the ceremony at midnight and a little reprieve would help you relax.” Jiwoo seemed to consider the older prince’s suggestion while Jungkook just stood there with a blank expression until Seokjin gave him a stern look and mouthed a quiet “Go”. The younger’s eyes widened when he realized his brother’s intention in sending them away, but understanding that he could not postpone their talk any longer he took Jiwoo’s arm and the two of them slipped past the heavy oak doors and outside the hall.    Seokjin headed over to one of the tables, picking up a plate and filling it with desserts he hadn’t had a chance to try yet. He leaned against a wall, nibbling at a piece of pie as he scanned the large room. The Prince smiled when he noticed the grumpy and bored expression on his father’s face. The King sat in a tall, majestic chair arranged on a raised platform on one side of the room and occasionally sipped his wine and Seokjin could tell he was very tired. “Maybe I should ask Yejin to brew father one of my special teas”, the Prince thought to himself as he continued munching on his sweets. “May I have this dance, My Prince?” Seokjin jerked when he heard a voice to his left, scrambling to balance his plate and not let it crash to the floor. A tall alpha he did not know was standing to the side, hand outstretched and palm up in waiting. “You could try asking once more after I finish eating.” The prince said, indicating the plate with his free hand and trying his best not to show his annoyance on his face or in his voice. Seokjin certainty did not want to dance with the man, but it was bad manners for an unmated omega to refuse when an alpha asks for a dance at a social gathering. But even if the prince could not outright refuse the alpha’s invitation, he could certainly delay it as much as he wanted to. “Maybe I will accept then, Sir…?” Seokjin realized that the alpha hadn’t introduced himself yet. “Ah! I apologize, Your Highness. My name is-- “, the alpha was cut off mid speech as all activity seized and the room went still. The guards’ shouts could be heard from the corridors beyond the banquet hall and a few omegas recoiled at the angry growl that came from outside the room. Seokjin put his exceptional sense of hearing to use, concentrating on what was going on outside. The prince’s brows scrunched up in confusion at the jumble of faint screams that reached his ears, the sounds most probably coming either from the lower levels or from outside the castle. The guests scrambled and screamed as the doors flew open and a large wolf with blonde and grey fur bounded inside, the palace guards inside the room making a wide half-circle around it as the wolf stopped and sniffed the room. Seokjin saw the long healed over tear in the beast’s right ear and he knew who the wolf was even before their eyes locked, the wolf jumping over the guards and sprinting towards the prince. “Stop! I know who it is!” The prince motioned for the guards to lower their weapons as Hoseok landed before him, starting to transform mid-sprint amid the now well audible screams from outside. Seokjin took off his robe and draped it over Hoseok’s hunched form, ordering an attendant nearby to get the man a pair of pants as he crouched low beside his friend. “What’s wrong?” he addressed the panting man just as the King and his guards reached them, his father’s face a mixture of confusion, displeasure and anxiety. Hoseok's head jerked up, red eyes boring into Seokjin’s distressed omega blue. “Run” he says, his voice stern and final, before looking up at the King and scrambling into a kneeling position. “Your Majesty, please forgive me for not being able to prevent this in time. It was my father – he betrayed us and cooperated with the Royals. They are here. It’s too late to fight and—“ there was a shout and a whoosh and the next thing Seokjin knows is that everyone is gasping, Hoseok’s eyes go wide and the King is clutching at his neck, an arrow protruding from it. The room erupts into chaos but the Prince is still as his best friend keeps shaking him by the shoulders, calling his name, but all Seokjin can see is the arrow embedded in his father’s body – now slumped on the floor. “…Jungkook….” the sound of his brother’s name out of Hoseok’s mouth is what snaps him out of the shock and he turns to Hoseok, now fully alert. His mind faintly registers Namjoon examining the King’s body and General Song’s voice calling out orders to the guards as people stumble into each other, some human and some now in wolf form. “Seokjin, where are Jungkook and Jiwoo?” Hoseok asks urgently. “The garden. I sent them out to talk.” He replies and Hoseok curses. “You need to leave, Jin. Right now!” “What? No!” where would he go? This was his home. “We need to fight back!” Hoseok took the prince’s face into his hands, looking him in the eyes. “Too late, Jin. They killed your father. The Royals are in the castle already. The only way we would be safe is if we escape.” Hoseok’s turned away to scan the room and his eyes landed on Namjoon. “You are Kim Namjoon, right?” Hoseok enquired as he swiftly crossed the small space between them to stand before Namjoon who only nodded in response, surprised at being spoken to because the two of them hadn’t ever conversed before. Upon receiving the nod he proceeded to unceremoniously drag Namjoon towards the prince, speaking in a flurry of words. “Jimin said I could trust you, and I trust Jimin.” He took Seokjin’s hand and placed it into Namjoon’s. “Take care of the Prince until I find you. Go to your hometown and find your cousin.” “What? I’m going with you, Hoseok. I don’t even know him!” the prince exclaimed while Namjoon just stared at their hands. Hoseok shook his head. “I need to find my sister and Jungkook.” he put up his hand, indicating him to stop as the Prince was about to interrupt. “Please, Jin. I can’t lose you all. I will find them, I promise.” Hoseok had kept all his previous promises to Seokjin - without him, the prince would have been terribly lost. He clenched his jaw and nodded, bending down a little to press their foreheads together. “Find them, and stay safe Hobi.” Hoseok briefly clasped the prince’s hand – the one which wasn’t in Namjoon’s – and then leaned in to whisper in his ear. “If we don’t meet again soon, then go find the Pale King. Tell him Hoseok sent you and he will keep you safe until I come.” Then with a last glance at a still dazed Namjoon he turned around, transformed and sprinted away on all fours. There was a loud crash as the window broke and a creeper plant wound itself into the room, growing rapidly and covering the walls and the floor. The leaves were a sickly shade of green and the stems littered with sharp, red thorns.  The noise seemed to bring Namjoon out of his trance and he grabbed the Prince’s wrist, shouting a “We need to go!” as he dragged Seokjin behind him, outside the hall and down a corridor. They made their way down one level of the castle, avoiding ongoing fights between human shifters, wolves and faerie knights before Seokjin’s mind registered where they were  going. They couldn’t go outside! If what Hoseok said was true, and judging from the sounds it mostly likely was, then they would not be able to escape through the palace’s front doors. “Wait!” he pulled on the other’s arm, making him halt. Namjoon turned to face him, his expression going from questioning to alarmed as he pulled his sword free of the scabbard, pushing the Prince behind him and stabbing the Faerie who had just emerged from a side corridor behind them. “Please don’t tell me you are tired already and need a rest. We need to make it out of the castle.” The alpha said, turning back to the prince. Seokjin ignored the remark. “We will die if we go that way. Follow me.” Namjoon looked apprehensive for a moment but nodded, seemingly acquiescing that Seokjin was the one who knew the castle’s layout better. The alpha followed him without protest, sword at the ready, as Seokjin led them down the corridor the faerie knight had come from and to the King’s private study. He locked the door behind them moving to a tall shelf and slipping a hand behind it to find the hidden mechanism. Thre was a grinding noise as a portion of the wall slid down into the floor, revealing a narrow passage. Seokjin motioned for Namjoon to follow and the wall slid back up into its original place a few seconds later. Seokjin led them down the twists and turns of the secret tunnels, finally emerging into the King’s bedchambers and then down another passageway that originated in his father’s room. A few minutes later they finally emerged in a room right outside a tower in the castle’s abandoned wings and Namjoon followed him down several flights of spiraling staircases before they reached the ground floor. “Help me move this.” The prince stated before proceeding to push a large, empty bookshelf to the side, the alpha helping him as requested. Behind the shelf was a door leading outside, to the small woods behind the castle. “Let’s go.” He said, stepping through the now open door and running into the forest, turning back only once to confirm that the alpha was following him.   ***   “This should be far enough for now.” Namjoon said, making the prince stop in his tracks. Seokjin looked around and found one of his own markers on a nearby tree, confirming that they were almost near the edge of the forest, on the opposite side of the castle. “What now?” Namjoon sat down, leaning back against the trunk of a tree. “We need new clothes, something less sparkly.” He pointed at Seokjin’s attire and the prince scrunched up his nose in distaste, because yes, the clothes were terribly shiny and not at all subtle. “We need food, water and money too, if we are to travel to the coast.” “I think we have enough money to last us for a while.” Seokjin fished out a money pouch tucked into the folds of his shirt’s sash. “But I don’t think we will need clothes. We will be travelling in wolf form anyway, right? It’s much faster than getting horses.” Namjoon shook his head. “No turning. They will smell us out immediately. From what your friend said, the Royals have shifters on their side and they will know your scent, Your Highness.” The prince sighed - horse riding was not his forte. He secretly learned to ride them but he wouldn’t be able to get through a long journey such as this on a horseback. But now, it seemed, they had no other choice. “Horses it is, then.” “Unfortunately, we are going to travel on foot.” “What?” Seokjin exclaimed, completely dumbfounded by the suggestion. “You cannot be serious, Sir Kim. On foot it would take at least three months to reach the coast. Let us say four since we cannot even use the regular roads too.” “No choice. We can’t keep a low profile with horses and we can’t go through the forests unless we use the main roads, Your Highness. We will have to walk.”  Seokjin chewed on his lip as he pondered over this; trying not to let the tears slip as the image of the dead King entered his mind uninvited. This was not the time to grieve – he needed to get to his brother and Hoseok first.
   

  Jungkook…
 Seokjin hoped that Hoseok was able to find them and escape safely. “Alright then, lead the way.” He said, taking off his rings and other pieces of jewelry and putting them away into his money pouch. Seokjin knew this area well and most of the villages until a few miles out too. But he did not know Namjoon well and he was not going to tell the man thing about himself that not even Hoseok or his brother knew. For now, he would follow and observe. Namjoon dusted his pants as he stood up and started down the path leading into the nearest village, the Prince only a few paces behind the alpha. He glanced back once, seeing the tall spires of the castle towers in the distance before the thick canopy covered them from his view.   ***
  
    Chapter Text
    The two of them hid behind a thick oak just on the outer fringe of the forest. Beyond the trees and a few feet away was the beginning of the Moon village’s markets, the streets much calmer than what the Prince was used to seeing on his secret visits to the village. The gloomy atmosphere of the market just served as another reminder of what had transpired at the castle two days ago – Jungkook’s interrupted wedding, Hoseok, the attack, the King’s death and escaping with Kim Namjoon.
 
In wolf form, it would have generally taken Seokjin and Namjoon just around a few hours to reach the village but since they had to avoid shifting as well as using any pathways near the forest roads, the trip had taken them a whole two days’ worth of walking.
 
Technically, they haven’t been walking constantly throughout the two days – they had numerous small breaks in between and took turns sleeping at night while the other kept watch. Honestly, though, Seokjin felt that Namjoon made them take so many breaks just because he thought of the prince as just another frail noble omega – or in Seokjin’s case royal. Nights did not fare much better too, with the prince being unable to get even a wink of sleep in the presence of an almost complete stranger. Said stranger being an aggressive, annoying alpha and them currently being on the run from murderous faeries did not alleviate the situation either.
 
All in all, Seokjin was tired, hungry and sleepy and his feet ached too. The prince was familiar with this forest and the surrounding areas of the Moon village but although he could navigate the streets without any problem, his wolf was the one who traversed the forest grounds. A shifter’s true wolf form possessed heightened senses of smell, sound and sight that made the complex terrains of the forest seem like a mere child’s playroom. Walking through the forest in human form, however, had proved itself to be not so easy - especially if you are a prince adorned in a ten kilogram embroidered dress robe and useless party shoes which were clearly not designed for treks through the forest and were already starting to fall apart.
 
The prince leaned heavily against the trunk of the tree they were hiding behind, sighing slightly as he looked over towards the market trying to see if there were any villagers he recognized from past visits.
 
“You need to stay here and wait while I go buy us some clothes, your highness.” Namjoon spoke, scanning the prince once from head to toe with an expression of mild distaste. Seokjin couldn’t really blame the other for it. The robes really were too flashy. “We will require something less conspicuous if we are to travel without drawing much attention to ourselves.”
 
After mulling over all the pros and cons , Seokjin finally decided that it was best to stay back for now. It wouldn’t do him any good to reveal all his cards to someone he did not trust.
 
The Prince nodded once before pulling out his money pouch to hand over a few gold coins to the alpha. Namjoon looked at the coins for a moment before taking out his own leather pouch and dangling it in front of the prince’s face. “I have enough with me.” He said, pointing towards the market with his finger and then proceeding to move past the final thicket of trees.
 
Seokjin watched for a while as Namjoon trudged through the market, occasionally stopping by to exchange a few words with a couple of vendors – probably asking for directions. When the alpha disappeared behind a corner on one of the streets, the prince turned around and walked a few steps back into the forest where he settled himself down, back against a thick trunk.
 
He drew up his legs so that his knees were pulled against his chest, the bottom part of his inner palms digging almost too harshly into his closed eyes in his attempt to prevent the tears from falling.
 
The Prince hadn’t been able to grieve for his father yet – not with Namjoon around. For years Seokjin had kept everything inside - not allowing anyone to see any of his weaknesses, pretending, ignoring the rude remarks, acting as if he were truly useless; acting like the submissive omega the court’s advisors wanted him to be. He only ever cried when he was alone, only the four walls of his bedchambers being privy to his weak side.
 
For two days and two nights he had bitten his lower lip raw, trying hard to not let his quiet sobs escape. But now, as the alpha was out of sight and the Prince was finally alone, the tears could no longer be held back.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin had finally calmed down just a few minutes before Namjoon came back, hastily rubbing at his cheeks with the sleeves of his inner shirt to remove the tear tracks.
 
He took a deep breath before getting up and heading over to the edge of the clearing just in time to see the alpha approach. Namjoon’s brows furrowed a little but he made no comment regarding the prince’s swollen face and red eyes, and it made Seokjin somewhat glad that the alpha chose to ignore it. He was reminded of the fact that Namjoon had lost his own father very recently and just for that brief moment Seokjin felt better, knowing that the two of them had at least something in common, even though that something was obviously not a good or happy thing.
 
“Here, this is yours.” Namjoon said, sliding the newly obtained leather bag off his shoulder and pulling out a few garments from inside it. Seokjin took the clothes and examined them – two pairs of simple cotton shirts and pants in a shade of light blue, an outer robe of a much deeper shade and a dark brown cloak made of some kind of rough material. “You can put your things in this.” The alpha handed him a small cloth bag. “Let me go get changed. For now, you can just get rid of that robe and tie the new one to hide your inner clothes. You can get changed once we get rooms at a lodge.”
 
“Why? I can just get changed here too. We shifters change outside all the time anyway.”
 
“Uh…I just - well, since you’ve never been outside the palace before, I just assumed you wouldn’t have had that many chances to shift and that you would… maybe be embarrassed about changing outside.” Namjoon scratched the back of his head lightly. Heck. Seokjin wanted to hit himself. He almost slipped up, almost implied that he had been outside the palace grounds before when according to records he had never been permitted to leave. Focus, Jin, Focus.
 
“Ah, well…there’s always a first time for anything.” He tried to sound nonchalant. Namjoon’s eyebrows went up slightly, as if surprised, but he nodded and walked into the thicket of trees on one side of the path, his clothes in hand. Seokjin stood there for a few seconds, scolding himself some more, before going in the opposite direction. He walked deeper into the forest, to the spot where he knew his clothes that he used on his visits to the village were hidden. Seokjin made quick work of changing his clothes and then proceeded to fold up the soft, expensive garments and the elaborately decorated robe, hiding them away inside the usual hollow trunk. He folded the extra pair Namjoon had gotten him too and stuffed it into the cloth bag before slowly trudging back.
 
Namjoon was already waiting by the time Seokjin got back, standing with his back against one of the trees. Namjoon’s clothes were some of the cheapest kind available in the markets while Seokjin’s were fairly expensive – by the Moon village’s standards – and even had a little embroidery at the sleeves. The clothes were clearly displaying the difference in social status between them. Seokjin took in the alphas attire and had to forcefully stop himself from rolling his eyes because - what was wrong with this alpha?
 
One moment the shifter is aggressively rude, making fun of the Prince and his sub gender, spitting out tirades about how omegas were useless beings who wouldn’t ever amount to anything. And then, over the past two days, there have been these brief moments like right now where the alpha is so over considerate of the prince – even if it was completely unnecessary - that Seokjin was beginning to wonder if Namjoon saw him as some kind of a brittle glass figurine, maybe like the ones they had on display in the palace.
 
Seokjin’s stomach chose that exact moment to growl embarrassingly loud, startling the both of them. The prince scrunched up his nose in annoyance when he noticed the alpha trying hard to stifle his laughter.
 
“Let’s go get you something to eat, Your Highness.” He said with a smirk. Seokjin was really beginning to want to hit the alpha on the head and he would too if the alpha ever made a joke about him and food ever again. The prince slung the bag he was carrying over his shoulder and without any sort of reply to the alpha, he walked out of the forest, trudging over to the nearest stall while looking around. He had three objectives for today – eat, sleep and possibly find a chance to speak to one of his acquaintances from the village.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
After a brief survey of the market and the nearby streets – confirming the absence of faerie knights – the two of them rented a room at one of the lodges Seokjin had previously stayed in, the prince thanking the heavens that the lodge’s owner did not recognize him. In order to save the money they had, Seokjin insisted that they get just one room and after a few minutes of convincing Namjoon finally got them a single room with two beds.
 
The alpha was currently in the wash area, preparing for a bath, while Jin sat on the edge of one of the beds and contemplated his next task.
 
He glanced once towards the door to the baths before getting his cloak and slipping outside into the corridor, the door closing behind him with a soft click. Seokjin made his way down to the waiting area of the lodge and then outside onto the street.
 
The absence of the usual heavy laughter and chatter, the shouts of the vendors as they tried to pitch their wares to passersby and the streets clear of running children cast a sort of depressing ambience over the village.
 
Seokjin walked briskly with his cloak on but the hood pulled down, rounding corners and slipping through familiar narrow alleys. His destination was quite far from the lodge and it took him around fifteen minutes of darting from one street to another before the small shop finally came into view. The shop’s owner was an omega a few years older than the  prince himself and he could see her clearly from where he stood at the beginning of the street, her upper body slumped over the wooden counter and jet black hair covering one side of her face as she rested her head on her folded arms.
 
He looked back once into the alley that he had just emerged from, hoping he had enough time to speak with the woman before Namjoon would eventually come looking for him. With no suppressant tea over the last two days the effects of the herbs were starting to wean and his scent had been getting stronger, meaning that if the alpha decided to follow him then it would prove to be an easy task - all he had to do was follow Seokjin’s scent.
 
He strolled over to the shop and tapped on the counter lightly, immediately drawing the woman’s attention as she perked up at the sight of him.
 
“Hello there!” she sing-songed in a teasing voice. “The mystery man has finally decided to make an appearance. It has been over two months since the last time you showed your face, Jin.”
 
“Hello, Eva.” The prince greeted her with a smile. “It is good to see you too.”
 
 
“Where have you been all this time? You missed the festival too. You’ve never missed a festival before.”
 
The Midnight Festival was one of the most important festivals in the kingdom, celebrated every sixth full moon. The villagers prayed to the Luna for good luck, fortune and longevity at the Luna’s temple located in the village’s central square and celebrated until morning with food and wine. It was at one such Midnight Festival that Seokjin met Eva and they have been friends ever since.
 
“I was visiting a trader pack at the border of the Yellow Kingdom,” Seokjin lied. “and by the time I was done with my work it was already too late. I wouldn’t have made it in time.”
 
It was not a complete lie though. The prince had been trying to map out a safe route to the Yellow Kingdom, venturing further and further away from the palace with each one of his outings. For the past few months he had been timing his expeditions with his days off of tutoring so that no one would question his absence, but each trip had been hard on the prince, tiring him out so much that he all but collapsed upon reaching his rooms back at the palace. His stamina was good when compared to most omegas but still, he was no alpha and his wolf was always over exerted at the end of the long, arduous journeys.
 
All of it was worth it, though, and with each trip the prince gained new information and insight into the life of people of the Luna Kim Clan’s kingdom. His ventures to the outside world had taught him what the palace’s library could not.
 
“You chose a bad time to return, Jin.” Eva’s childish tone was replaced with a more serious one as she shook her head. “Although I am very happy to see you, you must leave. Leave while they still don’t know you are here.”
 
“What happened here, Eva?” Seokjin enquired, a hundred different scenarios running through his head already, with most of them involving the Royals.
 
The woman pulled her hair back into a ponytail, securing it with a black band. “The King is dead.” Seokjin’s hands unconsciously clenched into fists as he tried to maintain his composure, to not let the mask slip. He had already made peace with his father’s death earlier in the day. The attack had come as a complete surprise and he wouldn’t have been capable of saving his father anyway. The most important thing right now was what he was supposed to do moving forward.
 
The prince’s face displayed an expression of faux surprise as he tried to question further.
 
“Oh Luna! How did that happen?”
 
“We didn’t know anything until today morning too, Jin.” Her voice was barely audible, sadness seeping through.
 
Seokjin felt a little bit of pride at the knowledge that the people mourned the loss of their king, his father. It meant that the kingdom’s subjects admired the king, unlike some of the other rulers he’s read about in history books – past monarchs whose names all but vanished from the people’s minds as soon as their rule was over, swept away along with the dust and sand.
 
Seokjin prompted his friend to elaborate and Eva continued.
 
“Two faerie knights came a little after dawn.” The prince was glad that he and Namjoon had not run into them. “They were Royals. They informed us of the King’s passing two days prior and said that the Luna’s land was now under the control of the Faerie King.” The prince bristled at the thought of their land being in the hands of the Royal’s King. But…
 
“Wait, How could they reach here so fast? If it was two days ago then it’s impossible for faeries to reach here already.” He and Namjoon themselves reached here just a few hours before so it shouldn’t be possible for the faerie knights to arrive before them – unless they were sure of their victory prior to the attack and set off for the village beforehand. “They aren’t wolves, so they can’t exactly shift and run all the way here.”
 
“Teleportation magic.” She replied as the prince moved aside a little to make room at the counter for a customer who approached Eva’s shop.
 
“Isn’t that incredibly rare, though?” he whispered as the customer relayed the list of items he needed. Eva gave him a small nod.
 
“Yes, it’s rare. But I suppose they made the best use of their powers , don’t you think so? Makes message delivery so much faster.” She replied after the young beta patron had left upon receiving the wares and paying.

   


  Yes, faster and so much more problematic.

 
“What about the princes? Does anyone know what happened to them?”
 
Eva shook her head from side to side. “I think they escaped because there was talk of a reward for anyone who provides information about them. I don’t know why they even bothered with it – it’s not like any of us commoners ever even saw either of the princes. We don’t even know how they look.”

   


  Oh, Eva. You don’t know just how wrong you are about that.

 
This little bit of news was good though because it meant that Jungkook had successfully escaped. He hoped that those three were safe and together, wherever they are. For the time being, Seokjin was satisfied with the knowledge that they were most certainly alive.
 
“They are going to take people away, Jin.”
 
“What?” The prince clamped a hand over his mouth after his outburst; he looked around to check if it had drawn anyone’s attention. Thankfully, the few villagers who were around spared him no more than a second before going back to their own tasks.
 
“We were told that a convoy would come tomorrow and that some of us will have to go with them.”
 
“Go where?”
 
Eva shook her head, not knowing the answer.
 
The prince turned away from the counter and faced the street. Even on this one narrow path he could recognize at least five faces. Seokjin probably knew half the village by now; after all, he had been making visits to the Moon village for over three years. Many were just acquaintances with who he had exchanged just a few words in passing, but there were some that he considered good friends too;  shifters who had welcomed him with open arms despite not knowing much about him, not even his full name. The prince had been lying to them all along but all he received in return was their friendship and hospitality – his days at the village during the Midnight Festivals were some of his happiest memories.  
 
And tomorrow these people who gave him happiness were going to be taken away into the unknown. They could be killed, they could be turned into slaves or subjected to torture and once again Seokjin would be powerless; would be unable to stop it from happening.
 
“You can run away! Leave now and there would be no one for the convoy to take away tomorrow.”
 
“We can’t do that,” she stated, ”they have the village’s records and will come after us if someone’s missing.”
 
“But you will have a chance!” the prince eyes were pleading, urging his friend to listen to him. “If you get taken away, you don’t even know if they will keep you alive but if you escape, at least you will have a chance to survive.”
 
“Jin.” The prince locked eyes with the omega at the sound of his name being uttered in a tone of voice he had never heard her use before – steely, sad and final. “They killed people. At the square today, four alphas were murdered right in front of our eyes for trying to oppose the faeries. There would be no mercy if we do not follow their orders and going with the convoy is our best bet. That way, at least some of us may manage to stay alive. But if we escape now, then we will be dead the moment they find us. ”
 
Seokjin’s lips were pressed into a thin line as he stood there and took in his friend’s defeated expression. There was no joy or hope in her eyes – only a quiet resignation.
 
The prince leaned over the counter and took Eva’s hands into his. Both of them were omegas but Jin was taller, stockier and broad shouldered and Eva’s hands looked tiny in his own. His friend was startled a little, seeing as Seokjin was never the one to initiate any physical contact, but did not protest.
 
“You have to promise me that you will stay alive, Eva.” The woman squeezed his hands lightly, smiling in reassurance. “If by any chance you get taken away, you have to stay alive. I will find a way to help you. And everyone else,”
 
The black haired omega withdrew her hands from the prince’s and looped them around his neck, pulling Seokjin in for an awkward hug given that the counter was in between them.
 
“I’m not sure what you can do to help at this point, Jinnie.” She whispered, her breath stirring the prince’s hair. “But it’s good to know that there will be someone thinking of me.” She pulled back from the hug and hastily wiped at a stray tear that escaped her eye.
 
“Now!” she beamed at the prince. “Let me close shop and then we can go get some food. It’s almost noon.”
 
“Ah…about that, maybe tomorrow?” he said, and then added, “If everything goes well. I’m here with an acquaintance of mine, actually so I ought to get back soon.”
 
“Ohhhhhhh!” she dragged on the syllable, a teasing lilt to her voice and a smirk on her face. Seokjin rolled his eyes, already knowing where this was about to go due to past experiences.
 
“An alpha?”
 
“Yes…”
 
“A potential mate?” she wiggled her eyebrows suggestively.
 
“Heaven forbid, No.” the Prince scoffed. “More like a friend of a friend.” This was true since he actually considered Jimin to be a friend of sorts, despite having met the other only twice. “We were going in the same direction and decided to travel together.”
 
Eva pouted at his answer, disappointed that there would be lack of juicy gossip.
 
“Okay, then…do you need anything else? Stuff  from the shop?”
 
“Actually, yes.” Seokjin sighed, glancing down at his footwear which was falling apart, the small precious stones stuck to the fabric winking at him disgustingly as they glittered in the afternoon sun. “I think I’m in dire need of new shoes.”
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
The prince estimated that it had been about half an hour since he left their room at the lodge and by now, the alpha was surely out of the baths and probably looking for him. Seokjin knew that he ought to head back but he needed to make just one more stop.
 
His feet felt better in his new, comfortable shoes and he hummed a tune under his breath as he weaved through the narrow streets, heading for the nearest apothecary.
 
As he approached the run-down shack he saw the herbalist hand two satchels of herbs to her customer. One was given openly above the counter, while the other was hurriedly sneaked into the customer’s hand. Selling faerie herbs was illegal and so was buying them, but it was also what the prince needed right now.
 
“Hello.” He greeted the beta shifter who smiled at him upon recognition.
 
 
“Hello, Jin. What tea would you like today? I got some new varieties imported from the human continent recently.”
 
“No tea for me today, Chae.” The prince replied, returning the smile. “I was looking for some herbs.”
 
“Oh, okay then. What kind?”
 
Seokjin listed off the more common herbs that he needed and the beta weighed each kind and packed them into separate morsels before putting them into a satchel and giving them to the prince. Seokjin bit his lip, contemplating if he really needed to this. Getting the herbs would involve him spending a notable amount of money but not buying them would mean the effects of his suppressor teas would wear off completely by tomorrow. According to Hoseok, his friend’s father schemed with the faeries and aided the attack on the castle, so there was no telling just how many of the king’s people were cooperating with the enemies. It is possible that they could resort to using scout wolves to sniff out either him or Jungkook by their scent. The prince decided that the extra protection the suppressors offered was worth the money.
 
“Do you perhaps have Fishtail?”
 
The beta narrowed her eyes slightly, but nodded. Seokjin was glad that he knew the woman as it spared him the questions that would usually accompany the purchase of such illegal commodities. Chae moved slowly, glancing out at the street behind them as she packed the amount of Fishtail herb that Seokjin specified.
 
“Anything else?”
 
“Nymph’s Tears.”
 
It was a rare plant that, according to his knowledge, grew deep within the Whispering Woods – on the banks of lakes and ponds. There was nothing particularly special about the plant’s appearance but the leaves secreted a kind of sticky substance that made the morning dew that dripped down from them seem like falling tears suspended in mid-air.
 
The herbalist looked him hard in the eyes, studying him before sighing and bending down to retrieve something from below the counter.
 
“No wonder your scent was always so muted.” Seokjin just smiled weakly. “It was actually why I didn’t recognize you just now, until I saw your face. You usually smell like citrus but now I can also detect roses and dew. It’s a nice combination – fresh and comforting.”
 
“Thank you.” He knew he smelled citrusy but no one ever mentioned roses to him before and it was difficult to recognize one’s own scent. Chae’s long experience running an apothecary must have made her nose extra sensitive to the different scents as she seemed to be the only one to smell the roses and dew.
 
The omega prince paid for his purchases and bid the herbalist goodbye before heading in the direction of the lodge.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
He had been walking rather slowly when he first caught a whiff of the scent, smiling at a few people who recognized him and called him over for a chat.
 
Namjoon’s salted seaweed smell was not exactly bad but it did not sit right with Seokjin’s inner omega, the prince’s nose scrunching up unconsciously when the alpha’s scent invaded his nose. He ignored his omega’s warning to stay away from the scent and started walking towards the direction from which the scent was coming.  He slipped down another street, his eyes darting around to see if he could spot the alpha.
 
He saw him then, just as the alpha turned a corner and ended up at the far end of the path. Namjoon had not spotted him yet, as he was not looking forward but instead turning his head from side to side, scanning the people in his immediate vicinity.
 
Seokjin cleared his throat, about to call out to the man.
 
A hand came up from behind him, clamping over his mouth harshly and muffling the sound of Namjoon’s name as an arm circled about his torso, pulling him back, back, back and away from the street.
 
 
 
The prince struggled to break the person’s hold, thrashing around in the other’s arms but it was futile as he ended up being dragged into a dark, narrow gap between two houses and behind a tall stack of wooden crates.
 
“You better stop moving around, Your Highness.” Came a voice right by his ear and Seokjin froze because this person knew who he was.
 
 
 
***
 
 
  
    Chapter Text
    His arm and side throbbed where they were encased by the stranger’s strong grip as he was being pulled away, even further into the gap between the two houses and onto the empty street on the other side.
 
Seokjin tried his best to free himself of the bruising grip but it was futile, his almost non-existent physical strength dwindling even further due to the lack of air, both his nose and mouth obstructed by the unknown person’s hand.
 
By now, Namjoon was completely out of sight and out of range for the other to be able to smell him, even if the prince’s scent had gotten stronger, fuelled by distress. He was being half-walked, half-dragged backwards and could distantly make out the presence of another person behind him, apart from the one currently restraining him.
 
Seokjin’s mind whirred with thoughts, briefly losing all logic and panicking before he recovered slightly as his brain registered new pieces of information.
 
He wasn’t blindfolded and his sight was not obscured in anyway way and this made him feel just a little bit better as  he would be able to know the way back, in case he managed to escape.
 
The arms around him clearly belonged to a female. The person was certainly physically strong and probably trained, but the shape and size and the bone-structure of the hands clearly indicated that it was a woman.
 
He could not tell anything about the other person behind him but Seokjin came to a  quick realization that they were definitely not faeries and in fact, were shifters, judging from the faint scents that he could smell beneath his own amplified one.
 
The woman had a sweet fragrance to her scent, flowery but not too sweet and saccharine to belong to an omega – so a beta then.
 
The other scent was musky but not very strong, belying the dynamic of an alpha but probably a young boy who had only just recently presented - the pheromones were definitely not overpowering enough to belong to an adult alpha.
 
In his mind, Seokjin went over possible scenarios that might be the cause of his current predicament. Maybe the shifters were just thieves, trying to rob him of his money. Maybe they belonged to one of those wild packs who were rumored to be involved in omegan slave trade. And maybe, but hopefully not, they were allies of the Royals, sent in search of the prince. The first two options were safer, Seokjin concluded – at least he would have a future, no matter how bleak. The last option, however, involved an almost certain death.
 
Seokjin heard the creak of a door behind him and then he was pulled into a house. The inside was dark, despite it being daytime – the widows barred with wooden planks and cloth draping over them to block out the outside and the sun.
 
He could feel the presence of other people inside the room too, shuffling and murmuring in tones too low for him to make out properly over the sound of his heart which thumped and thudded loudly inside his chest as he watched the door being closed and locked, cutting off the only visible escape route.
 
For a few minutes his mind went into overdrive – thoughts and ideas and plans swirling like a tornado and churning his brain to mush. Everything went quiet then, the murmurs around him, the sound of his heart beat and the metaphorical, non-existent ticking of his brain as all the thoughts in his head flew out, leaving only one.

   


  Was today going to be the day he died?


   


   


     

***
 
 
Seokjin noticed two things as his panic subsided and his senses returned. One was that the room was pin drop quiet and two - the arms restraining him were no longer present.
 
The prince swallowed dry, slowly turning around while he simultaneously took a few small steps back towards the locked door. The sight that greeted him then, however, was not one he was expecting.
 
There were maybe around a dozen shifters in the room – men, women and children all in their human form, some clothed by way of common folk and a few clad in what seemed to be some type of leather protective armor. But what surprised him was the fact that each and every one of them was kneeling, their heads lowered and eyes not meeting his own. Well, all but one.
 
The woman was kneeling too, not along with the others but just a few feet in front of the prince, but her head wasn’t bowed and she stared right into his eyes.
 
Seokjin sucked in a breath at the sheer power behind the gaze and almost stumbled backwards, his back hitting the hard wooden surface of the door.
 
“Don’t scream.” The voice was commanding but also gentle and the prince shut his mouth before words could escape, still feeling conflicted about the kneeling stance. The others did not raise their heads and the woman in front of him, who Seokjin suspected was the leader, did not lower hers even as time passed. No one moved.
 
At last, Seokjin took in a deep breath and spoke, “Who are you?”
 
The imposing beta woman finally bowed her head and then slowly, as if not to spook him, stood up. She was smiling. “It is an incredible honor to finally meet you, Your Highness. I am Jiwon of the Ha Clan of the North and they are my family and surviving pack members. Do you perhaps know of us, Your Highness?” she asked carefully, probably unsure of his political knowledge due to his dynamic.

   


  “The city was burned down completely. Most of the shifters were either killed or captured. Lady Jiwon had managed to escape –“ 


   


  “Jiwon and her family can stay in the palace for now – her father was a good friend and a great leader. Arrange shelter for the other survivors down in the Moon village.”  


   

The words spoken in the council room came back to him. Ha Jiwon of the Ha Clan. Seokjin had planned to meet the refugees after the wedding but with everything that happened over the last few days it just completely slipped his mind. Was the woman in front of him truly who she says she is?
 
And so he asked, directly and on point, “Is that really who you are?”
 
“I have no reason to lie to you, Your Highness. If not for His Majesty – your father – we would’ve had nowhere to go.”
 
Seokjin wondered if it as really alright to believe the woman. The few puzzle pieces that were available to him all pointed towards the conclusion that the beta woman was indeed speaking the truth. Apart from literally dragging him off the street and scaring him a little, the woman – Jiwon, presumably – and her companions have made no move to cause him harm. He decided to try his luck and trust the group.
 
“So you’re really Ha Jiwon, late General Ha’s daughter?”
 
“Yes, Your Highness, I am.” Jiwon replied politely and then gestured towards the young alpha boy and an older woman who were kneeling just behind her. “And this is my mother and my younger brother, Rowon.”
 
The two people bowed their heads even lower, if that was possible, and greeted him. Seokjin urged everyone to stand – the only time he’s seen anyone kneel and bow to him like that was during his crowning ceremony, all those years ago when he had been only ten and his mother and father were still alive.
 
“The king is dead, though. You cannot be loyal to someone who doesn’t exist anymore.”
 
 
“His Majesty may have passed away, unfortunately. But both you and Prince Jungkook are alive. So long as this is true then there is hope for the Lupa Kim’s legacy to continue. The Ha Clan’s loyalty did not lie only with the king but with your whole family. That means you, Your Highness, your brother and all your descendants henceforth.”
 
There was a small table in the room and Jiwon gestured for him to take a seat and the two of them settled down to continue their conversation. Seokjin briefly glimpsed Lady Jiwon’s mother fussing over her youngest while the alpha boy just waved off her concerns with a smile. The prince’s heart gave a little twinge as he recalled the interactions with his own mother, but he put the sentiments aside for now, focusing on the beta in front of him.
 
“Well…” the prince mused, “I have nothing left if not hope. Also, I was wondering… how did you know me it was me? I don’t think we’ve met before.”
 
‘Ah! Yes, we’ve never actually been properly introduced but I’ve seen you during His Highness Jungkook’s engagement ceremony and during the late Queen’s wake.” Seokjin nodded in understanding while his brain supplied him with a forgotten piece of information – there was currently an annoying alpha wandering the streets who was his unfortunate companion. Before Jiwon could change the topic and continue, Seokjin interrupted her.
 
“I’m actually travelling with someone right now – an acquaintance, if you will. So before we discuss anything else, I think it might be best to bring him along.”
 
Seokjin wasn’t exactly enthusiastic about journeying across the Ancestral Lands in the company of Kim Namjoon, but Hoseok had told him to find Jimin and Park Jimin was Namjoon’s cousin and Aelia city was the alpha’s home. Seokjin had never ventured as far out as the coast, mostly keeping his outings within a few hours journey time from the castle and if he is to safely make it to Aelia and find Jimin and hopefully, the Jung siblings and Jungkook, then Namjoon was his best bet.
 
Jiwon looked a little bit skeptical, wary of the unknown person who had just been added into the mix. “May I know who your companion is?” And so Seokjin told her of Namjoon. “Are you sure that he is on our side, though? We cannot take chances. The Royals will be here tomorrow and if there is any danger to you then you cannot stay here.”
 
“The Royals killed his father too. I can’t imagine how he would be able to work with them after that.” This seemed to appease her a little. “And he saved my life.” Jiwon’s eyes widened just a fraction at that and she nodded almost imperceptibly, fingers clutching at the edge of the table as she called for Rowon and requested him to go fetch Namjoon.
 
“Actually, it may be best that I go get him myself. He may not take kindly to unknown people right now and it might turn out badly if you drag him here by force.” The prince intervened just as Rowon was taking out the keys to unlock the door.
 
Jiwon lowered her head, bowing. “I apologize for how I treated you before, Your Highness.”
 
Seokjin waved her off. “You didn’t have a choice.” He said, standing up and moving to the door.
 
 
“Would you be okay with my brother accompanying you while you go search for your friend?” Seokjin almost grimaced at the use of the word ‘friend’ to describe Namjoon. Would it ever be possible for them to put aside their differences and have a decent camaraderie? Only time would tell, but Seokjin was sure of one thing – the alpha needed to put an end to his condescending attitude towards omegas first.
 
“I don’t mind.” He stated. “But it might be best for him to keep a distance. I don’t know him well enough to predict how he might react but it’s best to be cautious. ” The young alpha – Rowon – nodded in understanding and with the door finally unlocked the two of them slipped out of the house.  
 
 
 
***
 
 
Seokjin walked slowly, Rowon following closely behind without making it too obvious. The prince found his way back quite easily, ending up at the gap between two houses that he had been dragged through just over half an hour prior and with a quick look over his shoulder to confirm Rowon’s presence he entered the narrow opening.
 
He didn’t make it far before he had to stop, the rattling of the stack of wooden crates he had seen before alerting him of another presence. Seokjin took a tentative step back but stopped once again as he scented the air and the smell of salt and seaweed reached his nose.

   

Well, at least we don’t need to search for him. Saves time. Seokjin chuckled inwardly.
 
“Sir Kim, It’s me.”
 
The rattling stopped, the alley falling quiet just for a moment before the alpha finally stepped out from behind the crates and into direct view of the prince. He stood still, giving the prince a once over from head to toe that made Seokjin’s eyebrows peak. Namjoon’s shoulders seemed to sag a little then as he sighed before moving forward to stand directly in front of Seokjin.
 
“Where the hell have you been?” the alpha roared, forgoing all the titles and honorifics. His voice was still pretty low so as to not draw any attention but it still sent a slight shiver down Seokjin’s spine.
 
It had been a while since the last time an alpha openly displayed their dominance in front of the prince. The last alpha who had growled at him had ended up with a black eye and a bloody nose – courtesy of Hoseok. And the one before that had ended up on the floor with a sword at his throat after Jungkook had challenged the alpha to an open duel after the latter refused to bow to the older prince. Needless to say, every alpha working in the palace henceforth knew not to mess with prince Seokjin, lest they wanted to go up against either prince Jungkook or Genera Jung Hoseok.
 
Seokjin did not appreciate Namjoon’s tone of voice. Yes, he had wandered off without informing the other male and hadn’t returned for a long while, but still, he could’ve waited for Seokjin to explain before lashing out. Seokjin let it go, however, trying to be the more sensible and forgiving one out of the two of them.
 
“I will explain later.” Seokjin said hurriedly. “For now, you need to come with me. I want you to meet someone.”
 
Namjoon’s eyes widened as he grit out, “Don’t tell me you’ve been going around, and blabbering. Don’t you know what could happen to us if the wrong person finds out who you are?”
 
“Of course not! Do you think I’m stupid or something? Now, stop being difficult and follow me, would you?” Seokjin huffed out and without waiting for the alpha to reply he turned around and began walking in the direction he had come from. Seokjin winced in pain as Namjoon grabbed his wrist harshly, nails digging into his skin, and pulled him back.
 
“Let go!” the prince hissed. The alpha’s hold on his wrist loosened a little but he did not let go, making Seokjin bristle.
 
“Where do you think you’re going?”Namjoon asked tersely, his voice now almost a growl, “We need to return to the lodge right now before you wander off and decide to make some more bad decisions. Have you told this person who you are?”
 
“If you mean do they know that I’m a prince, then yes. Just trust me this once and come with, we need to move now. And do tone down on that aggressive scent please, before someone notices and comes asking questions.” Seokjin’s patience was waning and he distantly wondered whether this would have been much easier if he had omitted the part about meeting others until the last moment.  
 
“Like hell I will!” the alpha exclaimed angrily. “I’m not going and neither are you. General Jung may have entrusted me with your safety, and I will make sure that you can reunite with him and your brother while still in one piece but don’t delude yourself, Your Highness. If you think I’m going to risk my life over yours because your mouth is as loose as your dumb omega ass, then you are horribly wrong!”
 
That was the last straw and Seokjin lost it.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin did not remember how they ended up in this position: the alpha’s back pressed up against the wall with the prince’s forearm firmly against his throat, cutting off air and making Namjoon’s eyes pop from the sudden onslaught.
 
The prince’s face was mere millimeters away from the alpha’s and Seokjin looked him dead in the eyes, gritting out a venomous “Shut up!”
 
“Y-Your—“
 
“I said shut up!” Seokjin spit out again, pressing down harder on the alpha’s throat, feeling the muscles shift as Namjoon tried to speak. The prince could feel all the different bumps of Namjoon’s wind pipe and his prominent adam’s apple as it dug into the skin of his arm.
 
 
Seokjin was definitely the weaker of the two, by a long shot, but his fast reflexes and the surprise factor combined made it easy for him to pin the alpha to the stone wall of the house behind them. Namjoon struggled weakly against the hold, probably still shocked at the turn of events. The lack of proper air supply to his body was also not doing anything to aid his poor attempts to free himself.
 
The prince distantly knew that all these factors would be meaningless if the alpha had really, full on, tried to free himself but was maybe not doing so as to not hurt Seokjin. But the prince’s mind was too much of a raging mess for him to consider being thankful under the current circumstances.
 
“You can say that I’m vain. That I’m frivolous and a glutton.” All his anger bled out into his voice, his tone low and dark and menacing. His left wrist hurt a little and Seokjin wondered if he might’ve sprained it somehow, but a quick look down between them and the prince realized that Namjoon was still holding his wrist. Seokjin’s nostrils flared and more of Namjoon’s scent invaded his senses, now not only the human part of him but also his wolf protesting against the seaweed scent that Seokjin’s omega still found distasteful.
 
“Hell, you can say that I’m a stupid, weak and useless omega. And I would let it go. I may hate you for it – a lot - but I would still let it go.” The prince continued. “But if you ever say as much as a single word again likening me – or any other omega, for that matter - to a whore then I will make sure that your every living moment is hell for you!”
 
“My father is gone, my home is gone and I don’t even know if my brother is alive or not. I know that you’ve lost your father too but you have people waiting for you at home. I don’t have that anymore – as of now I’ve lost everything. I’m scared and angry and I have not the slightest idea about what’s going to happen to me in the future, and you being like this every second of the day isn’t helping me calm down.”
 
It’s what Seokjin desperately needed right now – to calm down. Lashing out at Namjoon might provide temporary relief from his frustrations but ultimately it does not provide him with any kind of solution.
 
“Look here, Sir Kim,” The prince said, taking in a deep breath, willing the anger to subside even if just a little. “You need to keep your attitude in check if you are to travel with me. If not – well…I’m very willing to go find your cousin on my own. So?”
 
A moment later the alpha tapped at his arm and Seokjin released him, stepping back and putting a fair bit of distance between them. In his periphery, Seokjin noticed Rowon standing at the mouth of the alley, a dumbfounded expression on his face as he fidgeted on the spot. The prince was kind of glad that the young boy had enough presence of mind not to interfere.
 
In front of him, Namjoon was slumped forward as he coughed and wheezed, trying to get enough air back into his lungs. Seokjin waited until his breathing evened out and the alpha stood up, their eyes meeting briefly before Namjoon looked away. He did not speak so the prince prompted again, “So?”
 
The alpha gave a miniscule nod.
 
“Follow me then.” Seokjin turned around and after a brief gesture to Rowon he started down the empty street, heading towards the house he was in just a few minutes before. He did not look back but judging from the shuffling sounds the alpha was indeed following right behind them, even ignoring Rowon’s presence. Seokjin felt smug about putting the alpha in his place.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
His frustrations must have been still showing on his face because Jiwon was all over him asking if anything was wrong the moment he stepped into the dimly lit abode. Seokjin waved her off and moved away from the door, letting Namjoon and Rowon step into the house as he headed for the table and unceremoniously plopped down onto one of the chairs.
 
To his mild astonishment, Namjoon greeted Jiwon by name, a surprised look over his own features. But perhaps it shouldn’t have been that much of a surprise to Seokjin, after all, Namjoon’s father was a prominent official and Namjoon himself must’ve received and carried out plenty of official tasks and assignments in the past. It was only right that he knew many important people in the kingdom, if not personally then at least by name.
 
Seokjin sighed in his seat, thanking Luna quietly, because one – he now had less explaining to do, and two – this confirmed a hundred percent that Jiwon was really who she’d said she was.
 
“So…what is it that you’re planning to do now? You wouldn’t have approached me if you did not have anything in mind.” Seokjin finally ventured after both Namjoon and Jiwon settled down at the table after a few brief words to each other that the prince did not pay attention to, while Rowon lingered nearby.
 
Lady Jiwon nodded in acknowledgement, confirming that she indeed have something up her sleeve.
 
“When our Clan was attacked, many shifters were killed but many were taken prisoner too. And tomorrow, when the convoy arrives to take people away, I’m planning to infiltrate the group of shifters that are supposed to be taken away.”
 
Seokjin sat up straight. “Isn’t that dangerous? I’ve been told that the Royals have access to the village’s records. Won’t you be found out if they check your identity against those records?”
 
Jiwon whistled lowly. ”I thought you were just chatting casually with the villagers, but you’ve actually managed to glean useful information off of them. I’m a little impressed, Your Highness. You must be pretty charming for them to open up to you like that; the people here are very distrusting especially now that they don’t know what exactly to expect come tomorrow.”
 
“Wait…how long exactly were you following me?”
 
“Since the moment I recognized as you were coming out of your lodging. You couldn’t have been thinking that I grabbed you as soon as I saw you in the street now, could you?”
 
 
“Ah, well…” That was exactly what Seokjin had assumed. “Anyway, they were relatives of one of my attendants and I found them after recalling what she’d told me about them.” The prince covered. It wasn’t a foolproof cover but it would have to do.
 
 Jiwon raised an eyebrow at him though, definitely not believing his story and Seokjin cursed inwardly. If she had been following him since the beginning then she must’ve seen him buying the herbs and most probably knew what their purpose was – and that would give rise to several questions. But thankfully, Jiwon did not pry.
 
“Anyway…back to our previous topic – Our records have already been included with those of the Moon village’s on the day we arrived here after the attack on our clan.” Jiwon clarified, “I have absolutely no idea what the Royals would need shifters for. If it is laborers that they want, then it doesn’t make sense because they don’t live above ground and have no purpose for manual labor. And why the segregation? They take some shifters away while the rest remain back in their own territories under faerie supervision. So  I thought that maybe if I get on the inside and find out where exactly is it that our people  are being take to, then it might somehow be useful to us to plan against them.” Jiwon concluded and glanced at Namjoon and then Seokjin, waiting for their opinions.
 
 “Are you sure you want to do this? You may lose your life if anything goes wrong.” Namjoon spoke for the first time since they had sat down.
 
“Well, it’s better to go down fighting than living in a society colonized by that fey scum.” Jiwon chuckled lightly and Namjoon nodded at her words, seemingly of the same opinion.
 
“Alright…but how do we keep in contact? The two of us –“The prince glared mildly at Namjoon, “are heading to Aelia. So after we go our separate ways,” Seokjin gestured between himself and Jiwon, “we will have no means of communicating with each other.”
 
“Ah, Yes, Your Highness.” Jiwon began, “That will have to wait until either one of us can get into contact with General Jung.”
 
“Hoseok? Why?” the prince asked, a quizzical expression overtaking his features.
 
Jiwon replied with a single word. “Claw.” He must’ve had a pretty disgruntled look on his face because Jiwon chuckled. “Yes, I know, Your Highness. Not the friendliest of creatures one could find.”
 
The prince scoffed, his mouth parted. “Hah! Friendly? That damn falcon cut my arm with its talons once! I still have the scar.” Seokjin wiggled his right hand a little, indicating that that had been the arm that suffered at the hands – well, claws – of Hoseok’s pet falcon. “That little beast doesn’t listen to anyone but Hoseok.”
 
“But Claw is a very reliable messenger, though. And the bird is familiar with me since General Jung and I have exchanged messages this way in the past.”
 
Seokjin wasn’t even aware that Jiwon and Hoseok knew each other. He was also not aware that Hoseok knew Namjoon’s cousin. Also, how did Hoseok know that his father had sided with the Royals? It did not seem like the alpha had just accidentally chanced upon the information.
 
Seokjin had so many doubts and questions. The prince trusted his best friend immensely, but with every new piece of information that he came upon in regard to his friend and with every new question that the information gave rise to, Seokjin wondered just how well he knew Hoseok.
 
It was true that Seokjin himself had a lot of secrets – things that no one but himself knew. But in their tightly knit group of four – Jungkook, Jiwoo, Hoseok and Seokjin – the young general was always so open and candid that at the present moment Seokjin felt a little apprehensive at the revelation that the alpha had apparently kept them in the dark about many things.   
 
All of this would have to wait, however, until the prince could reunite with his brother and friends.
 
“Just be careful then, Lady Jiwon. The kingdom cannot stand to lose another good person. We’ve lost enough”
 
Jiwon smiled then – a sweet smile that warmed the prince’s heart. But her eyes were sad and so were Seokjin’s.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
After Hoseok’s devilish pet falcon had come up during conversation, they had stayed back at the Ha clan’s temporary residence probably for around half an hour more before leaving and upon Jiwon’s insistence, little Rowon had accompanied Namjoon and the Prince back to their lodge.
 
It was late afternoon by the time Seokjin was at the foot of the lodge’s staircase, the one that would lead them to their room on the first level. The prince wished Rowon goodbye and turned around, Namjoon already being almost at the top landing. He stopped when a quiet “Umm…” came from behind him.
 
Seokjin glanced over his shoulder at the young alpha who seemed like he had something to say and so the prince turned back around, now facing the young boy.
 
“What is it?” He said in a soft voice, encouraging the boy to speak. Seokjin noticed Rowon’s eyes flicker nervously, looking behind the prince. Seokjin understood and turned to Namjoon, asking the man to head in first. Namjoon opened his mouth to speak but then sighed and turned around, climbing the last set of steps and disappearing down the corridor that led to their room. It seemed like the older alpha was still wary of speaking to Seokjin.
 
The prince once again prompted Rowon to speak his mind and the young boy took a deep breath. “About before…” he started and Seokjin sighed.
 
“Um…Yes. First of all, I would like to thank you for not bringing that up with your sister.” Rowon nodded at that, a weak smile on his lips. “I’m sorry if that startled you.”
 
 
The boy shook his head animatedly. “Not at all, Your Highness. But…you know that not all alphas are bad, right?” he ventured.
 
“Of course, Rowon. Just like not all omegas are good or innocent, the same way not all alphas are bad. It depends on the person in question.” Seokjin explained, bending down a little so that his face was on the same level with the boy’s. “For example, my brother Jungkook is an alpha – a really good one. You might think I’m biased since he is my baby brother but he really is a good person. And you will grow up to be a good alpha too, if you listen to your mother and sister well.” Seokjin patted the boy’s shoulder gently, resisting the urge to pat his head and baby him like he would do to Jungkook.
 
Rowon nodded in response. “But perhaps you shouldn’t judge Sir Kim so fast. Maybe there’s a reason why he’s acting like that.” The boy said in a low voice and before Seokjin could manage a reply the young alpha turned around and sprinted away hastily, leaving the prince to stare after him.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin had to borrow the pestle and mortar from the lodge’s kitchen to grind the herbs he had procured earlier that day. He did it in their rented room, receiving a couple puzzled looks from the alpha who still hadn’t said one word to him since their little scuffle in the alley and the recollection of the event made Seokjin regret insisting on not leasing two separate rooms.
 
It was late into the night now and the prince lay in his cot, looking up at the darkness above him, shadows dancing in the unlit expanse of the room. Seokjin’s thoughts kept going back to what Jiwon’s brother had said that afternoon as they parted.
 
 A reason for Namjoon to hate omegas? He hadn’t thought of it that way before.
 
Seokjin hated alphas - but not all of them. The prince did not hate his brother, Jungkook. He did not hate his father, the late king, or Hoseok who was a pretty aggressive alpha, but only when needed. Then there was General Song and Minister Ahn and he was pretty sure Rowon would grow up to be a good one, impossible to hate. Namjoon’s father was a kind alpha too. There were bad alphas and there were good alphas. Seokjin did not judge all alpha’s based on the mistakes of a few – no matter how large that group of few actually was.
 
So even if something had happened in the past that made Namjoon to be averse to omegas, Seokjin did not think it to be fair that Namjoon was directing that hate and abhorrence towards the whole omega dynamic. However, it made the prince ponder over what exactly might have caused such hatred – omegas were not exactly lethal, with how little power and say they had in society.
 
He reconsidered on that last account, though, because again, not all omegas were exactly powerless.
 
The Pale King was an omega and just look at what the mysterious wolf had managed to accomplish over the years.
 
Noble and wealthy omegas might not have much say in politics but they surely had power over the less fortunate omegas.  
 
And then there was Seokjin. No one knew better than the prince himself of the things he had managed to do over the last five years, since he had chanced upon the palace’s secret scrolls.
 
Seokjin turned on his side, sighing as he pulled the blanket further up so that the edge was just below his nose. For some reason the room smelled like sand and warmth of the sun and the sea, with both Namjoon’s seaweed and Seokjin’s own scent mixed in. It reminded Seokjin of that scent he had a brief sniff of just at the start of his last heat – during the council meeting. His omega instincts were creeping up on him, urging the prince to go somewhere where there was more of this scent. The smell of soap that lingered on the freshly washed blankets helped clear his mind but he decided that it was best to try to fall asleep. He could think about Namjoon and his reason for dislike of omegas some other day, after all, it would be a while before they make it to Aelia City.
 
Seokjin was almost on the verge of falling into a deep slumber when his ears picked up shuffling from the other side of the room and a faint “Your Highness?”
 
He considered to pretend already being asleep but then sighed and hummed an “Mmmm…” to alert the alpha that he was listening.
 
“I…I wanted to apologize. For earlier today. I uh – I understand that I have severely overstepped and would like you to know that I’m sorry.”
 
Seokjin mulled over it in his head. Namjoon’s tone certainly did seem apologetic. Also the prince did almost strangle the alpha.
 
“Is your neck okay?” he said.
 
“Uhh…Y-yes. It’s fine, Your Highness.”
 
“Jin.”
 
Silence.
 
“I’m saying that you should call me Jin. We are not in the castle anymore and we can’t risk exposing our identity with you running around muttering Your Highness! Your Highness!, after every single sentence.” Seokjin was sure that he heard the alpha snort at that but he decided to ignore it. He was starting to realize that he would need to learn to ignore a lot of things the alpha would say and do if they wanted to avoid anymore incidents like the one earlier that day.
 
“Okay.” Namjoon finally whispered into the darkness between them and Seokjin closed his eyes once again.
 
A few moments passed before he heard the alpha’s voice once more - tentative and hesitant. “Jin?”
 
“Yes?” he replied sleepily.
 
“Good night.” Seokjin doubted that it was going to be one. He hadn’t slept well since the day he saw the arrow protruding out of his father’s neck.
 
Seokjin did not reply, drawing the blanket over his head. The alpha shuffled a bit but stayed quiet.
 
A few moments later the prince drifted off as sleep overtook his tired body and mind
 
 
***.
  
    Chapter Text
    Come next morning, they were roused from slumber extra early with soft but urgent knocks against the door. The lamp inside the room had been snuffed out the night before and there was no light streaming in from the single window that was just behind the alpha’s bed. The sun hadn’t even started to come up yet.
 
The two of them had jerked awake immediately despite how soft and muted the knocks were. Seokjin was still blinking sleepily by the time Namjoon got ahold of his sword and padded to the door, his hand on the knob. The night had been the best sleep the prince had gotten in days, what with his heat and then the ceremony and the running away, so it too Seokjin a moment to fully wake.
 
Seokjin clambered off his bed speedily, grabbing his outer robe where it hung over the back of a chair and quickly moving to stand behind the alpha. The tussle and quarrel that had occurred the previous day was of course not entirely forgiven or forgotten – just moved to the back of Seokjin’s mind for now, in favor of more pressing matters.
 
Seokjin tilted his head a little, looking at the alpha’s face and finding no visible trace of sleep. The alpha must have been awake for some time already.
 
There was a low voice from the other side of the door but Seokjin had been a little distracted to hear it even if his ears are his sharpest sense. He saw Namjoon relax, though, the arm holding the sword lowering to the alpha’s side as he opened the door and a figure darted inside.
 
Rowon looked tense as he first bowed respectfully to Seokjin and then greeted Namjoon with a brief incline of his head. They were both alphas and both sons of prominent officials of the same rank so it put them on the same line of hierarchy in the ranks of nobles, even if Namjoon was technically Rowon’s superior when it came down to their own work and achievements.
 
“You need to hide quickly. The faerie convoy is almost at the village border.” Rowon said, speaking too fast. “Sister asked me to come fetch you, Your Highness.”
 
“How long until they make it to the village?” Namjoon enquired, already shuffling around the room for his own robe and satchel as Seokjin too went to retrieve his remaining meager belongings – the bag with his spare clothes and suppressant powder and his money pouch.
 
“A few minutes at most, Sir Kim.”
 
Namjoon gave a slight nod and then the three of them were out of the room, moving along the corridor and then down the staircase. The two of them followed Rowon in silence, Namjoon’s head darting left and right as he scanned the surrounding streets. The villagers must have already been informed of the Royals’ arrival because the streets were full, the people moving about nervously and families huddling together – afraid of the unkown. Of what was going to happen next.
 
Contrary to what Seokjin had assumed, Rowon did not take them to the house that the Ha clan had occupied. It was only the memories and the prince’s familiarity with the village that he’d gained from his past secret visits that alerted Seokjin of their destination as being the village square.
 
Jiwon was waiting them at the street just off the main square with two other shifters by her side, a man and a woman whose faces Seokjin vaguely remembered seeing yesterday. The two of them looked fairly young and both were omegas.
 
“Your Highness!” Jiwon greeted with a quick bow upon seeing the prince, her companions mimicking her actions.
 
“Are you sure about this, Lady Jiwon? This is the last chance to change your mind.” The prince said, turning to inspect the two still unnamed omegas who, if going by what they had discussed yesterday, were supposed to be the ones to possible try and infiltrate the convoy and then report to Jiwon should an opportunity present itself.
 
Jiwon seemed to notice him looking over the two omegas and finally proceeded to introduce them while Rowon slipped away to finish his other assigned tasks. “My Prince, this is Junsu and Junhee. They are warriors who grew up and trained alongside me.”
 
Junsu and Junhe bowed again slightly and Seokjin felt himself smile proudly. Here were two omegas, much like himself, but who were trained to fight and stand their ground amongst alphas and betas who were born with inherent advantages. They were what Seokjin had hoped to be one day – strong, respected and independent. There was once a time when Seokjin had tried wielding a sword, to learn and train in the art of swordsmanship and military arts. But watching guard practices in secret and asking Jungkook to show him the maneuvers that he’d learned that day had only helped so much. In the end, Seokjin hadn’t managed to learn anything past the way to properly grip a sword and sometimes he couldn’t manage even that if the sword was too heavy or too long. He’d given up soon after, not wanting to pester Jungkook too much and accidentally alert his brother and any others who might come to know by chance or through the grapevine, of his inclination to learn the sword. He felt elated beyond belief now - to see the two omegas who had accomplished something he wanted to so much but couldn’t.
 
Rowon appeared by their side again then, sweat trickling down the side of his face from running around since dawn. “They’ve entered the village.” He announced before sprinting away, followed by Junsu and Junhee who nodded once at Jiwon and bowed again to Seokjin and Namjoon.
 
As was agreed upon the previous day, Jiwon, Namjoon and Seokjin climbed onto the roof of a house which afforded them a good vantage point over the village square. There were bundles of hay up on the rooftop and the three of them proceeded to cover their bodies with the dry grass as they lay down on the mud tiles. Seokjin raised his head slightly, looking towards the abode directly in front where the other members of the Ha clan were supposed to lay in wait.
 
Seokjin looked over in the direction the convoy was supposed to be coming from – the direction of the prince’s home, of the palace. Sure enough, he could see their figures as they walked towards the square where shifters were beginning to assemble. He saw Junsu and Junhee dissolve into the crowd of villagers below and a few moments later Rowon was climbing onto the roof to settle down on his sister’s left with Seokjin on Jiwon’s right and Namjoon on his other side.
 
“Have you taken your tea today, Your Highness?” Jiwon whispered by his ear, voice low so only Seokjin could hear.
 
“No, there was no time.”
 
Jiwon chewed on her lip a little as she sighed, a nervous gesture. “Can you control your scent then? If there are any shifters among the convoy, any shifters that have turned against the Kim Clan’s rule and have allied with the Royals, then they would be able to smell you out should your scent spike for any reason.”
 
And here was another drawback to being an omega. It was far easier to master control over one’s scent changes as a beta or an alpha. It wasn’t impossible for omegas but still it took longer and was more difficult to accomplish when compared to the other two dynamics.
 
In the past, Seokjin had always relied on the suppressant herb teas he took to control and thin out his scent. He had little to no experience of doing it through the use of sheer willpower and mastery of the senses. But even then -

   


  I can do this…

 
He just had to keep calm no matter what. If anything happened that he could not handle then he would just close his eyes and wait it out. Something he couldn’t see wouldn’t be able to stir his emotions, wouldn’t cause his scent to spike. As long as he was able to control his emotions then there was no danger of them being discovered or caught.
 
The Ha Clan wanted the Lupa Kim Clan’s rule to continue and apparently, most of their kingdom’s populace did too. This meant that either Seokjin or Jungkook would become king one day. How would Seokjin be able to manage his duties as king, should it happen one day, if he couldn’t even govern control over his own body and heart?

   


  I can do this!

 
So he told Jiwon, his voice barely a whisper but firm and confident. “It is fine, Lady Jiwon. I will be able to control it.”
 
The beta acknowledged his response with a nod and the two of them turned their heads so they could look over the crowd gathered below them, anxiety and nervousness building up as the convoy rolled into the square.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
 
The Moon village was one of the largest villages in their kingdom so it was no surprise that the village square was massive. Going by the village records, if all the villagers were in attendance, then it meant that there were at least four hundred people crammed into the space.
 
On the other hand, Seokjin counted only sixteen figures that belonged to the convoy. More particularly, the prince could make out fifteen Royals and – just as Jiwon had suspected - a shifter.
 
 
The shifter wasn’t someone who worked at the palace; that was very clear to the prince, because if he was then Seokjin would’ve recognized him.
 
The Royals stood their ground at the forefront of the space, regal and imposing. They had armor woven from bark and thorns and gold. Seokjin spotted curling horns poking out on one faerie’s head, one had a tail, another had unearthly eyes that sparkled with the colors of the rainbow and another had talons for nails that reminded Seokjin of Hoseok’s pet falcon, Claw. All of them had elven ears, long and pointed - the characteristics that all the faeries possessed.
 
What drew the prince’s attention most of all, however, were the wings. They were folded in right now but the prince could still make out little details. They were large and translucent and shimmered in the light like gossamer. Besides the envoy of the Whispering Woods whom he had seen during his mother’s wake and the Royals who had attacked the palace, this was only the third time that Seokjin was seeing real life faeries. Faeries who were actually real and breathing and were not paintings on the pages of a book or figments of his imagination. For a moment Seokjin imagined what it would be like – to see the faeries in flight, their wings spread in full glory – but then he remembered where they were, lying down on the rooftop tiles, and quickly came to the conclusion that it would be a bad idea if the faeries decided to take to the skies. It was already a huge relief that they hadn’t arrived in that way, probably restricted to the ground because of the huge carts and the single shifter that had accompanied the convoy.
 
The fey were old creatures, immortal and unsusceptible to old age and disease. The only way to kill a faerie was to inflict enough physical damage to their body. It was no easy feat, however. Faeries were quick and smart and tricky and to add to it all, they had magic.
 
It was because of this that the huge mob of over four hundred shifters - who were in their own right, fierce predators by nature - did not move to attack the measly number of faeries present.
 
Seokjin watched with bated as one of the fey folk stepped forward – a tall male with eerie black eyes, graying skin and dark wings. The masses of shifters below seemed to shift at the power that radiated from the faerie and Seokjin had to blink a couple of times to clear his eyes because he was almost sure that he had seen  a cloud of black swirl around behind the faerie. But as Seokjin shook his head and tried to focus again, the cloud was gone – a mere trick of the eyes, the prince had concluded, unaware that it was actually not.
 
“I am Arion and I lead this convoy!” the Royal spoke, his voice booming across the village square, amplified by magic. It was harsh but also musical, lulling in nature as if it were trying to put them all in a sleep-like trance, to get the shifters to heed and follow without complaint. “The Luna Kim Clan is no more and you will now live under our Majesty, The Great King of Fey’s rule!”
 
Seokjin noticed how the faerie hadn’t actually said their King’s true name, his mind supplying him with various passages from books about faeries. According to the palace library’s accounts on faeries, there weren’t many faeries even in the Royals’ court who actually knew the King’s true name. Apparently, names held immense power over faeries…but then again, here was Arion, giving out his name so openly. It made Seokjin question the legitimacy and accuracy of the information they had on faeries.
 
In the square below, the villagers shuffled uncertainly, their unpleased expressions evidencing their obvious lack of desire to bow down to and live under the rule of the Royals. But still, no one made a move to protest or voice out their displeasure.
 
 
The faerie knight continued speaking. “Those of you who are called forward must come and board the cart at the front. If anyone does not heed my words then you are welcome to speak out and state your grievances. However –“, Arion raised his hand and the few shifters who had looked as if they were about to do just that – voice ther grievances – stopped in their tracks, words dying on their tongues. “be aware that you will not be alive to see the next sun if you do so.”
 
Arion was smiling pleasantly, but his eyes – his eyes were wicked and crazed. He was enjoying this. Giving them a sliver of hope but then crushing it with threats of death. And Seokjin’s blood ran hot through his body, boiling and seething in anger because these were his people, this was his kingdom. The land had belonged to the Lupa Kim Clan for over thirty generations and the people thrived under the clan’s rule, in spite of the obvious and ever present oppression by the nobles and the difference in status among dynamics the shifters still lived in prosperity and had freedom.
 
Seokjin’s blood boiled and even his inner omega agreed with him that it wanted to rip out Arion’s throat, to rip off the faerie’s armor and plunge their claws into the flesh. Faeries were immortal but not invincible and Seokjin wanted them to bleed, and then he wanted to find the wolves who had betrayed them and sided with the Royals, and he wanted to kill them too. It was the worst kind of betrayal – to turn against your own kind, your kith and kin who had done nothing but offer kindness and love.
 
He felt warmth on his shoulder and looked to the side to find Namjoon’s hand there, firm but gentle at the same time. It was the first time the alpha had so willingly touched him since they had run hand-in-hand through the palace and taking into account their most-recent squabble the prince thought that he would be angry at the alpha’s touch, but instead he felt his emotions calming.
 
Namjoon looked into his eyes once and then withdrew his hand, whispering a low “Sorry.”
 
“You were too tense and agitated. Anymore and you would’ve started to emit distressed pheromones.” Namjoon spoke, voice still low and gaze directed to a roof tile just to the side of where Seokjin’s face was.
 
“Thank you.” Seokjin said and the alpha nodded, lips in a tight line and his eyebrows jumping into his hair line for a bit in surprise, as if he hadn’t expected the prince to actually thank him. Meanwhile, Seokjin cursed at himself internally.

   


  You said you could do this Seokjin! Focus! Now is not the time to be emotional…

 
So Seokjin tilted his head back to face the convoy and the scene unfolding below them. Shifters stood huddled in groups, hands clasped with their mates and children and friends, desperately not wanting to part with them and step into the unknown by following the fey. The prince could smell them – the agitation and fear and anxiety. For the first time in his life he cursed Luna for gifting him with such an extremely heightened and sensitive sense of smell.
 
The shifter that had come with the convoy had stepped forward and was standing a little bit away from Arion, a stack of parchment paper in his arms. He read off names one by one from what seemed to be the village’s records and the prince could hear people gasp and sob as they heard their names being called. There were angry shouts from a few families when a child - who seemed no more than ten or twelve and was likely still un-presented, had been called. However, the silence and fear returned when Arion made a slight gesture with his hand and another faerie knight of the convoy stepped forward.
 
The knight did not state his name and instead dropped what looked like a stem of some plant to the ground. With a flick of his hand the stem grew.
 
It grew into some sort of creeper plant like the one Seokjin had seen during the attack on the palace and the stems elongated and slithered like snakes towards the crowd. The long tendrils wrapped themselves around the ankles of a couple of shifters, lifting them up into the air bodily so they were hanging upside down, squirming and shouting and cursing. The tendrils drew back and let loose then, the trapped shifters now free and hurtling through the air. They were flung towards the crowd; fall cushioned by the bodies of the other villagers huddled nearby.
 
Arion just laughed heartily, manic and crazed, and a moment later some of the other faeries joined in with the laughter.
 
Seokjin felt Jiwon tense beside him and a shiver ran through his body as an angry growl erupted from below. One of the villagers had transformed and the big, gray beast pounded towards Arion; the wolf’s fangs exposed in a nasty snarl, eyes glowing a bright alpha red.
 
Then there was only pained whimpers and red.
 
Blood rained down in a drizzle as Arion struck the wolf, a whip appearing in his hand – barbed and gnarled and made of something Seokjin couldn’t put a name to. The wolf fell down to the cobblestones of the square, body limp and heavy, only the slight rise and fall of the beast’s chest and underbelly belied that it was still breathing and alive.
 
 
There was a sharp pain in Seokjin’s hands, as if he had attempted to stop the assault on his fellow shifter and had actually caught the barbed whip with his bare hands but the prince ignored the pain, looking on over the scene unfolding below him as the injured alpha’s family descended upon him, tears streaming down their cheeks.
 
“Anyone else?” Arion’s voice boomed over them as he retracted the full length of his whip, curling it around his forearm. A bracelet soaked in fresh blood.
 
The shifters remained quiet and the maniacal grin was back on the faerie’s face.
 
Everything proceeded in complete and utter silence from thereon. The names were called and people got up, hugged their families, said their goodbyes and walked to the carts.
 
The carts themselves were large, pulled by six white mares each and it reminded Seokjin of the prized horses in his own stables – the horses he hadn’t ever got a chance to ride. The front cart was occupied by adults while children and lanky teenagers were directed to the one behind it.
 
By the end of it, when the rogue shifter finished reading out names and put the records away there wasn’t a single child that remained in the square whose name hadn’t been called. The rogue wolf exchanged a few whispered words with Arion and walked into the crowd after receiving a nod from the faerie. He seemed to be sniffing the air as he walked by, the remaining villagers instinctively shuffling away as he approached. In the end, three more teenagers handpicked by the rogue were ushered towards the convoy. The prince did not know exactly how many people had been called, he’d stopped counting somewhere at eighty-five.
 
“Thank you, people of the Moon village, for your kind co-operation!” Arion grinned widely at the crowd as the faeries began to shuffle around, securing the carts. “Please continue on with your daily lives and one of our messengers should visit you soon for further instructions regarding your behavior. His Majesty looks forward to having all of you new, obedient subjects!”
 
A final laugh and a few hand gestures later the convoy was moving away from the square, towards the border and out of the village.
 
Seokjin finally closed his eyes, trying to contain his emotions as he breathed – deep inhales and soft, slow exhales.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin was sitting on the low steps of the house whose roof they had been up on just a few minutes earlier, the faerie convoy out of site and by now a safe distance away from the village limits.
 
Jiwon kneeled beside him then, taking his hands in her own and uncurling his fingers from the fists they had been in. Seokjin hadn’t even noticed. The beta woman winced at the crescent dents in his skin and Seokjin realized that this must have been why he had felt pain in his hands earlier.
 
Namjoon is there and Rowon too. The older alpha sighs before digging out something from his satchel. It’s one of his spare shirts and he tears a strip of the cloth, passing it to Jiwon who takes it with a grateful nod and proceeds to wrap it around Seokjin’s palms after ripping it in half.
 
“It’s not your fault. Just remember that, Your Highness.” Jiwon tells him and all he can do is nod. Right now, he was in no position to do anything that might help.
 
Seokjin tilted his head back and looked to the sky and his eyes stung a little from the brightness. He hadn’t realized how much time had passed already. He had been roused from sleep before the crack of dawn but now the sun was high up in the sky, his eyes watering a bit as he looked over the vast blue expanse above him.
 
“At least your plan worked, Lady Jiwon.” He said finally because, through some sheer dumb luck their plan had worked. Junsu and Junhee’s names were called and they had joined the convoy, their eyes briefly meeting the prince’s as they were being taken away. His friend Eva had left with the faeries too, a resigned expression over her face.
 
“Yes, it’s a huge relief that at least something has gone the way it should.” Jiwon replied with a weak smile. But it shouldn’t have had to be this way. The palace shouldn’t have been attacked, the faeries shouldn’t have been allowed to do what they did, and such innocent and promising individuals such as Junhee and Junsuu shouldn’t have to sacrifice their well-being for a mission whose chance of success was undetermined and slim at best.
 
“But still, our biggest lead is General Jung.” Jiwon continued, sitting down on the step below Seokjin. “He knew that his father had sided with the faeries and he couldn’t have come across that information by accident, it’s not something that his father would’ve left out in the open for others to see. So this leads me to assume that General Jung must have been observing his father’s actions for quite a while.”
 
“True. Hoseok must be aware of how this all came to transpire.” Seokjin replied, lightly running his fingers over the cloth binding his palm.
 
Jiwon went to talk to the other Ha Clan members then, and to comfort the villagers who had been so ruthlessly thorn away from their loved ones. Seokjin wanted to talk to them too but he wasn’t confident that he could do so without collapsing onto his knees, revealing his identity and begging his kingdom’s people to forgive him for being so useless and afraid. He needed to be strong now, for them and for himself too. He had to find Hoseok for Jiwon’s plans to come to fruition.
 
He and Namjoon went back to the lodge then with Seokjin trudging through the streets at a snail’s pace, stopping once at the corner of the street down which he could make out Eva’s shop – now lifeless and unmanned. Eva wouldn’t run away and Seokjin wouldn’t too. He would find all the power and help he would need to fight back against the Royals and reclaim the people’s freedom. He only hoped that by that time, when he would finally succeed to retake the castle and their kingdom, the shifters who got taken away would still be safe and alive.
 
The two of them were silent as they took their baths, as they retrieved their belongings and headed down to the lower floor of the lodge for breakfast. Seokjin wasn’t particularly hungry but he still ate a lot because he knew he would need it, he would need the energy for their journey ahead.
 
They had packed food and water then, also in silence. Fruit and cheese and bread. Dry, salted meat and some jams. By all means, they could’ve shifted to hunt an animal for meat or even without that they could catch something by laying out traps, but it was easier this way.
 
It was mid-day by the time they exchanged goodbyes with Jiwon and the Ha Clan, wishing each other success and for them to be safe.
 
They had already been walking through the forest for the better part of an hour before Namjoon spoke to him again. “We need to at least cross this next section of the Whispering Woods. I think it will be safe enough to turn after that and we will be able to reach Aelia in ten days at the latest if we consider rest time and any possible detours we will have to make from the route I’m planning for us to take.”
 
“Okay.”
 
“How accustomed are you with shifting? Would you be able to keep up?”
 
The prince mused at the words for a moment, wondering if Namjoon was just genuinely curious or if he was mocking him for possibly being not fast enough and holding them back. Seokjin decided not to linger on that thought as he replied to the alpha.
 
“I’m sure that I would be able to keep up if you run at normal speed. Anything more than that we will have to check when we shift. It all depends on how fast you are.”
 
The alpha nodded in response, a little bit in thought as he seemed to be considering something.
 
A few more hours and a rest stop later they were crossing a river. It was the river that separated the normal forest that surrounded the Moon village for miles from the Whispering Woods. They had walked along the river for around an hour, trying to find a more shallow section because Seokjin couldn’t swim and Namjoon still felt it wasn’t far enough for them to shift.
 
 Seokjin padded through the water with his shoes in his hands. It was slightly warm but still cool and soothing against his skin, pacifying his tired legs a little. It was definitely easier to walk in the new shoes as opposed to those that he had on before arriving at the Moon village, but undeniably, he was still not used to walking such distances in his human form.
 
It was Seokjin’s first time in a part of the Whispering Woods and the difference between it and the normal forests was evident from the moment the prince stepped past the first line of trees.
 
Seokjin took in his surroundings as they walked, recognizing many plants that he’d come across on the pages of faerie books from the library. But there were just as many plants that he’d never laid eyes upon – colorful and exotic. He felt drawn to the plants, wanting to examine them closer and paint them for future records. He wanted to know what each and every one of them was used for. Namjoon seemed to notice his curiosity as he glanced back every once in a while but since Seokjin wasn’t straying from the path and not stopping the alpha kept mum as he walked ahead.
 
They spent the night in the forest, taking shifts to sleep and eating some of their rations. Then they walked again the next day, deep into the next afternoon, with the trees and plants swaying lightly from side to side even if there was no wind at all.
 
Seokjin remembered the kind nymph faerie that had adorned his mother’s casket with pretty flowers. The elves, nymphs, pixies and faeries of the Whispering Woods were supposed to be unlike the Royals. The books told Seokjin that they were always kind and friendly and peaceful. The books had also showed him illustration of several animals that lived only inside the faerie forest. Seokjin and Namjoon had been walking through the woods for almost two day now and –
 
Seokjin stopped in his tracks suddenly. The alpha noticed a few seconds later and walked the few steps back to stand in front of the prince, a question look on his face.
 
“Is the forest supposed to be this quiet?” Seokjin asked, tilting his head slightly to look into the alphas eyes. He was tall for an omega, really tall, but Namjoon was still taller. But somewhere at the back of his mind Seokjin still smiled because the prince’s shoulders were definitely broader and it meant that he had at least one point over the alpha in terms of physique. Call him petty, if you will.
 
That strange smell that lingered around Namjoon’s seaweed scent seemed to waft in the air between them as Namjoon asked to elaborate. ”What do you meant? Isn’t it better that it’s quiet? Or do you want it to be loud and for us to get attacked?”

   

This hard-headed alpha! Ugh! Why was Namjoon always thinking in a negative direction?
 
“No. What I meant to say is that we have been here in the depths of the Whispering Woods which is supposed to be thriving with pixies and exotic beast for almost two days and we have yet to see any other living being or animal besides ourselves.” The prince stated, trying to keep his annoyance at the implication of the alpha’s statement at bay.
 
This time, however, Namjoon seemed to be considering his words seriously. He pivoted on the spot a couple of times, slow as he inspected their immediate vicinity. He turned then, looking directly at the prince.
 
“I took this same path when I had been on my way to the palace. It was just a few days before the attack then but I remember it clearly. The forest was bustling with life then. Some nymphs even tried to drag me away on one of their impromptu dance gatherings.”
 
“So it isn’t supposed to be this quiet then?” Seokjin asked for confirmation again.
 
“No, it isn’t.”
 
There were no bees buzzing around the dewy plants. No rabbits rustling the bush. No birds flapping their wings or chirping away on the branches. There were no nymphs, pixies and elves and no exotic beasts of legends in sight.
 
“So where is everyone?” Seokjin voiced the question, it ending on a whisper as a bad feeling stirred in his gut.
 
The alpha just stared ahead of him and into the trees, a blank look on his face. The same look he’d had the moment Hoseok had put Seokjin’s hand into the alphas, asking him to protect the prince.
 
The forest around them was empty of life and the silence was deafening.
 
 
***
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
    Chapter Text
    The thick canopy revealed only a few slivers of the dark sky above them and even fewer stars. The fire Namjoon had built using the flint he got from the Moon village’s market burned in hues of bright yellows and oranges, the flames crackling and hissing in the quiet that was only interrupted by the occasional rustle of trees in the wind and their own breathing. Seokjin stared into the fire, an image of the Royals writhing in flames nagging at the back of his mind. He wasn’t a cruel person, not really; all he wanted was to free his people and he would be satisfied if peace could be achieved by brokering some sort of truce with the Royals. But truthfully speaking, there was a small part of Seokjin that found the idea of watching the Royals who hurt his family and people burn rather appealing. It was only a very small part, though – really tiny. Across from him, Namjoon sat on the other side of the flames, completely lost in thought. The revelation from a week ago was still fresh in their minds and they still haven’t been able come to a satisfactory conclusion as to how a whole race of beings had suddenly vanished into thin air. It was a strange and unnatural and left Seokjin’s gut curling with dread. The alpha sighed, finally coming back from his thoughts and pulling his bag close. He pulled out the cloth that held dried meat and offered a portion to Seokjin along with one half of an apple. The prince took his share gratefully, eyeing the meager leftovers. “Namjoon?” he’d taken to calling the alpha by his given name since giving the other permission to call him by the shortened version of his own. Namjoon didn’t seem to mind even if the alpha hadn’t explicitly stated that Seokjin could call him that. The alpha raised his gaze to meet his over the fire, a question in his eyes. “Is it not safe to shift yet? The food we have left is enough to get us through tomorrow at best and if we still can’t find any animals to hunt by then…” He didn’t need to elaborate because they both knew what he was implying. A long trek through the forest accompanied with no food meant being too tired, starved and weak to protect themselves in case they encountered danger along the way. Their best bet was to shift into their wolf form and quickly find their way out of the forest. Seokjin’s omega preened at the thought of shifting, his wolf begging to be let out so it could stretch its legs and shake out its fur. It had been too long since the last time he was able to shift freely. Half a year, maybe. Namjoon seemed to contemplate his words seriously before replying. “We should wait until tomorrow. If by evening we still haven’t found any game to hunt then we shift. I reckon it would take us three days at most to get out of the forest if we run at full speed.” It would save them a whole day if they could just shift in the morning instead but Seokjin did not point it out to the alpha. The other must know what he’s doing, Seokjin reasoned. “How fast can we find Jimin, then? Once we reach the city?” Seokjin still had a lot of questions regarding Hoseok and his evident – unbeknownst to the prince – acquaintance with Namjoon’s cousin. And even more intriguing was the role the ever mysterious Pale King played in all this – Seokjin certainly hadn’t forgotten his best friend mentioning the omega king just before they parted ways. “He is likely to either be at home or at Aelia’s healer house.” Namjoon replied making the prince recall the alpha briefly mentioning Jimin’s decision to be a healer. “But that is assuming the city hasn’t been attacked. If it was…then I have absolutely no idea on how to find him. It should probably take us another week to reach Aelia from the edge of the forest though, in wolf form.” “Okay…” “Mhm.” There was no further conversation between them as they ate their food and even long after that. The heavy silence settled back around them once more and was only broken by Seokjin reminding the alpha to wake him up for his watch shift before the prince drifted off to sleep.   ***   “Would you like to um…freshen up?” the alpha questioned while gesturing towards the clear water of the most recent out of the many springs they’ve encountered on their trip through the forest. Seokjin looked up from where he’d been crouched by the spring, dipping his hands into the cool water. The thought of getting at least partially cleaned up was very tempting so he gave a small nod in reply. “Okay then…take your time. I’ll be just further inside the tree line.” Namjoon sniffed at the air, turning around in a full circle to survey the area one last time before padding away into the trees with one last acknowledging look towards the prince. Seokjin inhaled deeply, reveling in the sweetness of the air. The clearing through which the stream flowed was all green grass and saccharine flowers with a few rocks and boulders here and there. The prince sighed in relief the moment he took his shoes off and his feet came into contact with soft, moist grass. He glanced towards the forest over his shoulder before disrobing and taking off his shirt. A makeshift washcloth was fashioned by tearing up a piece of one of his spare robes and he rolled up his pants to the knees before waddling into the stream, muscles relaxing as the cold enveloped his lower legs. He scrubbed at his face first before proceeding to clean up his arms and the rest of his upper body as best as he could, shivering a little when a gust of wind blew by. Seokjin sat on the edge of the bank as he soaked up his feet and hands; his nails had grown, grime and dirt lodging underneath. The prince looked down and to his right as a spot of red among the green caught his attention and he felt a small smile grace his lips upon realizing it was a lady bug. It was sitting on the tip of a blade of grass and crawled onto his index finger when Seokjin brought it near to the bug. He examined the insect at eye level, counting the number of dark spots on its back. “What are you doing out here all by yourself, mhm? Aren’t you lonely?” Seokjin mumbled to the bug just before it spread its wings and flew away. It was the first living being he’s seen ever since setting foot inside the Whispering Woods and it made him have a little hope that perhaps they would see more life on their journey henceforth. He sat like that for a while longer, just staring at the clearing on the opposite bank of the stream as the mellow warmth of the early autumn sun dried his bare chest and back. Seokjin dressed as soon as he deemed himself dry enough and trudged back into the forest. It wasn’t a long walk, just a couple dozen meters at most and the alpha’s figure came into his view the moment he stepped past the tree line. Seokjin stilled in place as he observed the man. He was undeniably handsome. He’s always heard omegas gossip about the alpha – how tall he was, how smart and strong and polite. If not for his terrible personality, Namjoon would probably be considered an ideal alpha in Seokjin’s eyes what with all of his perfect traits and achievements. But alas, Namjoon’s personality nullified all the points he got in other aspects. If only he had better attitude towards omegas… He thought back to his discussion with Rowon - If there truly was a good reason for Namjoon’s behavior then Seokjin wondered what it could be. He would want to know the reason at least, to sate his anger at being on the receiving end of rude comments. If only he understood the alpha’s prejudices against omegas then he would perhaps be hurt just a tad bit less. There was a glint as the sun rays caught glass and Seokjin looked on as Namjoon fiddled with a hard leather binder that held clear glass vials bound with leather straps to keep them from shifting. He’d never seen the items with the alpha before and it made him curious to find out what the contents of the vials were. The ampoules were empty, all of them but one that held a yellowish liquid in it and Seokjin watched as the alpha downed the contents before stuffing the leather binder back into his satchel. Seokjin’s brows furrowed in thought and he resumed his walk towards the alpha. Was it some kind of medicinal draught? Had Namjoon been sick all this time, taking medicine to ward of the illness? He was about to call out to Namjoon when he smelled it. Or them, really. He twisted around, walking backwards with dead leaves scrunching under his feet and Namjoon’s scent growing stronger in the air around him as the alpha must have also noticed the approaching strangers. There were five of them, bare torsos and wet pants as they stepped out of the stream a little further up from where Seokjin had been until a while ago; it made perfect sense why Seokjin couldn’t smell them before if they had been travelling by water. His back his something sturdy and strong hands came up to steady him. He tilted his head to see Namjoon directly behind him, jaw clenched and a hardened expression on his face. The prince couldn’t exactly decipher his companion’s expression but it was definitely not a pleased one and Seokjin felt the same way when he saw the looks the other shifters were sending their way. There weren’t many trees this near to the edge of the clearing and Namjoon moved in front of the prince, half hiding Seokjin behind him. Seokjin distantly wondered if the other would still protect him this way if Seokjin was just another omega and Namjoon wasn’t bound by alpha code to do so because of his loyalty towards the king and Hoseok’s order – his best friend’s rank being just below that of the two princes themselves because of his General status. The first thing that registered in Seokjin’s mind was the fact that all the five strangers were alphas – tall, bulky and scarred; unquestionably experienced fighters. It sent a shiver of fear along the prince’s spine because the alphas were definitely not there to make friends. Seokjin could hold his ground against one for a while if he was lucky but that is only if he were in his wolf form instead of the human one. Like this he was practically useless in physical encounters. He was sure Namjoon was fairly strong but even he wouldn’t be able to hold against five alphas of their stature. “Well, well, what do we have here?” One of the alphas leered, eyes raking across what he could glimpse of Seokjin as Namjoon shifted in front of the prince. “A stray omega? Oh, and an unmated one too!” the alphas’ faces split into grins and Seokjin gulped. He was already travelling with an alpha who possessed a shit attitude but at least Namjoon wasn’t the crazed, lecherous type that was of the opinion that omegas belonged to alphas and made solely to cater to their needs. Now there were five such alphas right in front of the prince and his hands trembled at his sides with apprehension. This was definitely not going to end well.   ***   The five shifters didn’t stop advancing until they were only a few feet away from Seokjin and Namjoon and the prince could practically feel the anger and tension radiating from the latter. The alpha kept his voice steady as he spoke. “I don’t think you should address my companion that way.” Seokjin did not expect this. Sure, he was certain Namjoon would protect him from any physical threats, but from emotional attacks too? It was a nice little surprise, momentarily distracting the prince from the situation at hand. The alpha in the center, who Seokjin assumed might be the leader judging by how the other four stayed just a step behind him, snorted at Namjoon’s statement while one of the others chimed in, “Protective of your little bitch?” The five of them laughed, deep voices rumbling in their chests as their scents spiked with dominance. Seokjin’s jaw clenched at the comment, the small hairs at his nape standing to attention from the intrusive smells. One smelled of spicy cinnamon which should’ve calmed him because it resembled Hoseok’s scent, but instead of being rich and warm like his best friend’s, this one was harsh and demanding, making Seokjin’s nostrils burn from the pheromones. The other four scents were quite common too, nothing appealing – wet bark, pine, earth and leather. Apart from these, however, Seokjin detected another scent. It wasn’t strong, almost non-existent actually, but it drew him in nonetheless just like it did all the times prior. Sun, warm sand and a fresh but salty breeze, something that Seokjin associated with beaches and the sea even if he’d never actually been to the sea before.   The prince blinked, eyes clearing of the slight daze just to find his face and nose incredibly close to Namjoon’s neck and by extension, the alpha’s scent gland. It took him a moment to realize that the dizzying scent was actually coming from Namjoon. It was there, mellow and faint underneath that pungent seaweed smell that Seokjin’s omega was coming to hate with a vengeance, but still there. It confused Seokjin to bits and at the same time made his omega keen at finally getting a proper lungful of that scent, his cheeks heating up when he realized that if this was the same scent he’d smelt that day as he eavesdropped upon his father’s council meeting then it meant that it was Namjoon’s scent that had sped up his symptoms and sent him into an early heat. Seokjin took a couple steps back, trying to get away from Namjoon’s neck but it was a mistake because it drew the attention of the other alphas. The prince watched Namjoon draw his sword as two of them advanced. They were rogues, Seokjin concluded; it was the only explanation why five alphas who didn’t smell like they belonged to the same pack were roaming around together. Lone wolves weren’t rare – it was becoming very common nowadays as more and more shifters who’d come of age started to off alone, adamant on being independent and take on the world in their own little ways. Most loners were pretty harmless, actually. And then there were rogues – wolves who were violent and aggressive, wolves who didn’t follow rules and had absolutely no sense of honor and camaraderie. They were mostly alphas, though few betas and even fewer omegas were also involved in the mix, who thought of themselves us too entitled and perfect to submit to the rules of a pack and pack alphas.  “Stay back!” Namjoon growled low in his throat. It didn’t deter the advancing alphas, however. Both Seokjin and Namjoon realized a tad bit too late that bringing a sword to a fight with rogue werewolves wasn’t the brightest idea. The sword was long and heavy, which meant Namjoon’s movements were restricted when compared to the others. By the time Namjoon decided to forgo his sword in favor of hand to hand combat, another had joined the previous two, completely surrounding Namjoon and leaving Seokjin to fend for himself as the leader and the last alpha approached him. He received a harsh blow to his gut when his head swiveled around for just a moment to assess the situation Seokjin was in. The alpha’s eyes widened in alarm when he saw the other two cornering Seokjin, gasping when the breath was knocked out of him. Seokjin had half a mind to run but he didn’t want to get separated from Namjoon and even more so, even with all the animosity between the two, Seokjin didn’t want Namjoon to get hurt. So he stayed. His omega screeched at the dominance, at the wrongness it felt radiating from them and Seokjin heard himself hiss at the two who were calmly walking towards him, looking relaxed and nonchalant. The last person Seokjin had hissed at had been Hoseok’s father. The omegas territorial hiss just made them more amused. “Ohh! I think this one’s a feisty little thing. Isn’t he, Jaewook?” The second alpha – Jaewook – gave a pleased chuckle. “Better for us then. The feisty ones always bring in more money.” Seokjin stilled, his receding footsteps halting as he realized what the alphas had in mind for him. They were slave traders. Omega slave traders.  The prince had heard stories of omegas being snatched up on the roads, sold for pleasure or entertainment or both. Sometimes they were sold to humans as little experimental specimens; human males couldn’t get pregnant and the human society wanted to know what it is that made male omegas tick. It was had made Seokjin sick to the core and he’d refused to believe that any of the stories were true because how could they do that? Sell off they own kin to humans who’ve been trying to take over their land for decades? He’d started believing the stories only after one of the omega maids that had come to work at the palace during the prince’s eighteenth year had confided in him about almost being captured by a nomad pack that apparently specialized in slave trade. The existence of such packs and wolves had been cemented by Hyejin, who confirmed the stories of such atrocities taking place. Gods, he missed Hyejin. At least he had full belief that the older beta got herself to safety since she too knew of the secret tunnels in the palace. To Seokjin, death was a much better option than ending up in the clutches of these men. “They do!” Jaewook’s friend grinned like an excited child, a child that was an incarnation of all evil. “His size might not be too appealing since he’s so tall but the pretty face should be enough to make up for it. I’m sure he would get a decent number of bids.” Seokjin slapped away the alpha’s hand when the other reached out to touch his face. The alpha’s smirk morphed into an angry frown. “Behave yourself, omega.” He grit out, once again reaching out for the prince. Seokjin’s vision tinted, his eyes most likely turning to a bright shade of blue as anger and disgust surged through him. Before the alpha could even lay a hand on him the prince was already grabbing his wrist and twisting his arm with as much force as he could muster. A satisfying crunch and an angry howl follow as the alpha jumps back, cradling his now obviously broken arm as he glares at the prince. Seokjin smiles wickedly at the two without any real mirth to it but also with just a little hint of pride at managing to deal such damage to the alpha. In his glee, Seokjin angles his head to look at Namjoon, hoping to catch the alpha’s eye and make him notice his achievement so he wouldn’t think of him as totally useless. His glee is quickly replaced by utter horror as he watches Namjoon fight two alphas. But the thing that alarmed the prince was the sight of the third alpha who’d turned into his wolf form, silently creeping up behind Namjoon. “Namjoon, behind you!” the prince called, but he was already too late. Before Namjoon could react the wolves teeth were sinking into the muscle of the alpha’s thigh, tearing a painful cry out of Namjoon’s throat as he staggered and fell to one knee with one of the human alpha’s coming behind him to hold Namjoon’s hands behind his back. Seokjin, momentarily forgetting his own proximity to two of their enemies, watched Namjoon’s jaw clench and his eyes harden as he reached to a decision. The alpha’s head jerked towards the prince as he shouted, “Jin, run! It’s okay, just run. I will find you.” He wanted to protest, to argue about running and leaving the alpha in an obviously and dangerously disadvantageous position. But Seokjin saw it in Namjoon’s eyes, the pleading for the prince to listen to the alpha. The prince made a split second decision – Namjoon couldn’t protect himself in his current condition if he had to protect Seokjin too. Seokjin turned and ran. He heard shouting and growling behind him but the prince did not turn look back, he only hoped Namjoon would be able to escape and find him. The line of thought ended up being quite futile though, because not even a full minute into his sprint Seokjin’s body stilled at a voice from behind him. “Stop right there, omega!” Jaewook’s voice echoed in the forest devoid of any life besides the seven wolves. The rogue had used his Alpha Voice on the prince. In reality, the Alpha Voice had no effect on the prince. Seokjin felt no urge to submit to Jaewook and follow his commands. But Seokjin’s eyes glazed over, body going still and lax for a moment. He’d trained himself into this state over the years, to pretend to be under the influence of the command whenever an alpha used their Voice on him just so he could avoid anyone finding out that the Voice had absolutely no effect on him. With time, it had become a reflex to slip into this faux state of total oblivion and submission whenever an Alpha Voice was involved. “No! Let him go!” Namjoon’s voice was what caused the bubble to pop. “Jin!” The reflex to remain still subsided as soon as it took over and his eyes cleared. It was only a moment, but that brief period of hesitation was enough and before Seokjin’s feet could once again spring into motion there were harsh hands on his shoulders. Seokjin remained where he was; mouth shut as he stared ahead into the trees and tried to filter out the sounds of Namjoon’s shouts and struggles against the other alphas. Jaewook led him back to the others, hands firm and fingers digging painfully into Seokjin’s shoulders. “Good omega.” He whispered, his breath hot in the prince’s ear. Seokjin tried his damn best not to move or twitch, or even puke - nothing to give out his conscious state. It’s okay, it’s just like all the other times, Seokjin told himself in his mind as he was made to stand directly in front of the alpha, facing Namjoon whose eyes looked a little lost and a whole lot guilty; guilt at being unable to perform his duty of protecting the prince. The wolf and the two alphas who had been fighting Namjoon were completely focused on trying to restrain the alpha who was trashing around violently, striving to free himself as he still screamed for Jaewook to let go of the prince. The rogue with the broken arm came up and kicked him right on his injured thigh, prompting Namjoon to lose balance as his knees scraped against the dirt of the forest floor. “Keep struggling if you want this one dead.” The alpha with the now useless arm spit, pointing his good hand in Seokjin’s direction and Namjoon’s body went taught as a wire as all movement from the alpha ceased. With a grin that made Seokjin want to retch, the rogue diverted his attention to the prince. “Not so disobedient now, are we? You will have to pay for my arm, though. I would just love to have some fun with you first, before we send you to the market.” The alpha was extremely close, body almost pressed to Seokjin’s as he leaned in towards the omega’s neck and gave a lick over the skin, just shy of Seokjin’s scent gland. “Mhm…You smell really good too.” Seokjin willed himself not to react. “How about we put on a little show for your friend, here?” the alpha’s hand reached for the neckline of the prince’s shirt, palm gliding down against the material until it reached the shirt’s sash and tugged. The other rogues were cackling, eyes screwed shut with mirth. The wolf was focused on Namjoon; Jaewook couldn’t see Seokjin’s face and the other had his face buried in the prince’s neck. Seokjin saw his chance. His eyes focused on Namjoon as he mouthed, “Turn, now!” His companion seemed dumbstruck for an instant, probably wondering how in the world was Seokjin out from under the influence of the Voice so soon – usually it would take around twenty minutes at the least for the effects of an Alpha command to wear off if the alpha was as strong as these rogues. Namjoon composed himself quickly, however, and gave the prince the minutest of nods. The other alpha’s tongue darted out, giving a lick to the skin at Seokjin’s now exposed collarbone. Seokjin felt immense disgust bloom in his chest at the action. “You do not just lick me like that, you brute. I can have your head for that.” The prince stated coolly, surprising all the alpha’s including the one in wolf form whose head snapped back to look at the prince. The alpha in front of him jerked back to look at his face and Seokjin graced him with a brief but smug grin, turning into wolf before anyone could react. “What the-!” Jaewook’s voice came from behind him but Seokjin paid no attention - he was too busy sinking his teeth into the greasy alpha’s neck. Amidst ripping the alpha’s head off of his neck, the prince was only distantly aware that Namjoon had heeded his words and turned too, with Jaewook and the other two rogues following suit. The blood in Seokjin’s mouth tasted bitter and coppery and he spit it out along with remains of flesh of the rogue he’d just killed, body dropping to the ground with a dull thud. Namjoon was fighting against three and Seokjin pivoted around to see Jaewook still behind him, a big wolf with ratty grey fur. The alpha looked wary of Seokjin and the prince grew even smugger than he’d been before as he advanced on the rogue.  Jaewook pounced first, trying to get in the first blow but Seokjin was faster, jumping to the side and crouching low as he bit into the alpha’s front leg, prompting a growl from the other. Everything around them had tuned out and all Seokjin could see was Jaewook. He did not know where the other three rogues were or even if Namjoon was winning or losing the fight. He hoped Namjoon was winning, though. The two wolves stalked around each other, Jaewook’s grey versus the prince’s white, Seokjin’s wolf only a little smaller than the rogue alpha’s. They snapped and bit at each other, Seokjin managing to avoid Jaewook’s teeth each and every time because he was faster and had an advantage over the other since the beginning of the fight due to Jaewook’s injured leg. Ten minutes into the fight the rogue was panting for breath, chest heaving as the wolf limped from side to side to avoid Seokjin. The omega growled low in his throat, proud over its victory over an alpha and Seokjin could only huff out something resembling a laugh at his inner omega’s antics before going in for the kill. Jaewook’s body hit the forest floor only a few feet away from the alpha Seokjin had killed earlier and the prince shifted his attention towards Namjoon. His companion was fairing pretty well against three rogues despite the injury to his thigh he’d sustained earlier. Seokjin watched, his vision tinted blue, as Namjoon’s regal, obsidian black wolf tore at one of the rogues, the other two circling him.  Seokjin wasted no time as he pounced on one of the remaining two, effectively pinning down the wolf with his weight and giving Namjoon the perfect opportunity to attack. The prince’s head snapped up when he sensed movement and Seokjin watched as the last wolf – the one who had turned first and bit Namjoon – sprinted away. But before Seokjin could react Namjoon’s wolf took after him, both alphas running at incredible speed. Seokjin wanted to call out to Namjoon, to tell him to let the other wolf go and come back. He cursed when he realized he couldn’t do it since his mind link with Namjoon hadn’t been established yet. The prince disentangled himself from the dead wolf beneath him, freeing one of his legs that had been trapped under the alpha. It was only a minute before the white wolf took off after Namjoon, hoping to stop the other before they made too much a detour from their original destination. They would have to go back for their satchels too. Seokjin ran following Namjoon’s scent. Not seaweed but the warm smell of the beach and the sea which was now more prominent – aggression and dominance from the fight making it bloom. He lost the two wolves for a few minutes and when he’d found them again the two were a tangle of fur and limbs in the dirt - teeth snapping as their claws sought out to slash any part of the other. The rogue sprinted away again when he got the chance and Seokjin clamped his teeth lightly over Namjoon’s hind leg before the alpha could chase any further. Namjoon’s head snapped back, a vicious snarl escaping his muzzle before he realized it was Seokjin.  The prince let go of the alpha’s leg slowly and took a few steps back. Namjoon’s wolf watched him for a moment before padding to stand in front of the white wolf. The alpha’s front legs lowered to the ground, his head resting on them as he looked straight into Seokjin’s omega blue eyes. He was asking for permission. Seokjin’s wolf gave a small nod and the alpha was at his side the next instant. The omega watched him as his snout came closer to Seokjin’s neck, nuzzling against the fur there and then softly gliding along his side half way down the prince’s back. Namjoon nudged him with his head and Seokjin mimicked the alpha’s action, scenting him. He felt it when the link formed, Namjoon’s voice immediately seeping into his mind. “Are you alright, Your Highness?” Seokjin huffed out a breath. “I am. And it’s Jin.” The prince corrected him. “You should have let the last one go. Now we have to retrace the path. I don’t even remember the exact way!” “Sorry…I wasn’t thinking.” The white wolf snorted at that, softening when his eyes landed on Namjoon’s injured leg. “Are you alright? You are bleeding.” Namjoon shook his head, black fur falling around the wolf’s ears and eyes. “It isn’t anything serious. Though now I won’t be able to run as fast as I could.” “We should get the wound treated at the next village we come across.” Namjoon agreed, nodding as they slowly retraced their steps - following their own scents and the stench of fresh blood. “That was some quick thinking on your part though, Jin. You saved our necks back there but I do have to ask…” Seokjin immediately picked up on Namjoon’s apprehensiveness. The prince decided to let the cat out of the bag. “Do you mean the thing with the Alpha Voice?” he supplied, receiving an affirmative grunt from the black wolf.  “It doesn’t work on me.” “Holy Luna!” the surprise was evident. “I’ve heard of maybe…one or two omegas with that ability - never had the chance to personally meet any, though. It’s very impressive and what you did back there is too.” Seokjin grinned wide, wolf teeth that were still coated in blood showing. “Thank you very much. I am dead set on disproving every one of your opinions and assumptions regarding omegas so I reckon today has been a very good start.” The prince watched Namjoon’s wolf roll it’s eyes.   ***    They had cleaned up in the river once they reached their camp, not even bothering to change into their human form. Clean and dry, they sprinted away in the direction Namjoon pointed to, satchels clutched between teeth as they ran as fast they could without putting too much strain on Namjoon’s injured leg. Seokjin made light conversation with the alpha for the first time during their journey, making full use of their mind link to ask Namjoon’s opinions about rogue wolves and slave traders. They talked some about the humans too and how they were becoming increasingly notorious and almost as much of a pain as the Royals were. It was nice for a while and Seokjin almost forgot that he hated the alpha’s guts. Until the alpha had suddenly snapped at him, that is. It had come out of nowhere, startling Seokjin who had just asked the other a simple question. The alpha had growled at him without provocation, an annoyed voice echoing through the mind link as it all but screamed at Seokjin to stop pestering. It made the white wolf stop in his tracks. Namjoon had apologized though, almost immediately. But Seokjin noticed that the alpha’s eyes had gone wide and a little alarmed, something like fear passing through them. The alpha had remained evasive since then, trudging a good distance in front of Seokjin’s wolf and not bothering to answer any more of the prince’s questions. The behavior irked him but Seokjin didn’t question further. The alpha seemed to be immersed in his own thoughts and Seokjin didn’t want to get into another heated argument that would only damage the little semblance of camaraderie they’d built up between them over the last few hours of running through the woods. However, as time passed Seokjin began to feel that something was wrong. Namjoon’s sprint had slowed down into a mere jog, the alpha’s breaths coming in increasingly heavy pants. The black wolf even stumbled a few times here and there and Seokjin prayed that the alpha’s leg hadn’t gotten infected or something. It would explain the exhaustion. When Seokjin approached the other to ask, the alpha growled loudly again and the prince left it at that, not knowing what else he could do to help if the alpha wouldn’t tell him what it is that was wrong with him. It was not until they had finally stumbled out of the Whispering Woods that Seokjin realized the cause of the alpha’s extreme behavior. As soon as they had breached the tree line of the forest, Namjoon all but collapsed. The prince had been too startled to remember the earlier snappish attitude but the white wolf stopped in its tracks mid way across the short distance between him and Namjoon. The alpha’s scent was raging and the prince could feel the heat radiating off the other wolf even from this distance. There was no danger around them, no reason for the spike in aggressive scent.  The beach and the sea weren’t fresh anymore. The scent was heady and it made Seokjin’s omega yip with joy. The prince’s eyes shot wide open as he took a step back. He was an omega, alone in an open space with a snappish, aggressive alpha.
   

  An alpha who was about to go into a full-blown rut.

  
    Chapter Text
    Run.
 
That was all they had been doing since being forced to flee the palace, to flee from his home - run.
 
There were so many thoughts flashing through his mind but he didn’t even have time to linger on any of them long enough.
 
“Jungkook!” Jiwoo’s voice in his mind alerted him that something was wrong and he skidded to a halt, turning around only to see that he’d run farther than both the Jung siblings. Jiwoo wasn’t really too far behind him, but Hoseok was.
 
Jungkook cursed internally and bounded back towards the two wolves.
 
Of course, being closer to her brother than Jungkook was, Jiwoo had reached Hoseok faster and was nudging him with her muzzle, encouraging the older alpha to keep moving.
 
Right now, however, it seemed almost impossible for Hoseok to be capable of keeping up with them. The grayish-blonde wolf had a long gash down his side and blood was oozing from the wound, his fur coat now mottled with splotches of both dried and fresh red.
 
“We cannot keep running like this anymore.” He said as he finally reached them. “We’ve barely eaten anything for days and your injury is serious. Now is our best chance to fight them, any later and we surely won’t be able to overpower them.” Jungkook directed the last part of his statement to Hoseok.
 
The oldest wolf shook his head. “Jiwoo can’t fight and there are too many of them. If they intercept us then I’m not sure the two of us will be enough to fight them off.” The wolf’s hind legs slip on the dirt and Hoseok all but collapses onto the forest floor with a thud.
 
Beside them, Jiwoo nuzzles into her brother’s neck, soft whines lodged in her throat. “I can fight.” She complained across the mind link, “I know I cannot wield a sword but that does not mean that my wolf cannot fight either. Even if I’ve never actually fought in this form before, it’s in our instincts brother.”
 
Ignoring his sister’s words, Hoseok raised his head from the ground and stared into Jungkook’s eyes. “Let’s split up.” The older alpha’s voice echoed in Jungkook’s mind and the black alpha’s eyes widened fractionally. He glanced to his fiancé but she seemed unaware that her brother had spoken. Hoseok was having a private conversation with him after temporarily blocking his link with Jiwoo, Jungkook realized. “I will do my best to hold them back while Jiwoo and you keep going towards Aelia.”
 
“No way am I leaving without you, Hoseok.”
 
His outburst is enough to alert Jiwoo of the closed link between the two siblings. “Jungkook, what is it? What did he say?”
 
“He wants to stay behind!” The youngest exclaimed and Hoseok winced a little from how loud the black wolf’s voice in his mind was.
 
Jungkook saw anger creep into Jiwoo’s eyes. The she-wolf snapped her head towards her brother whose eyes were guilty but when he glanced towards Jungkook the guilt was briefly replaced with disapproval and betrayal.
 
Jungkook snorted. “Don’t you dare look at me like that! How could you even entertain that Jiwoo and I would be willing to leave without you. Not to mention, my brother would kill me.”
 
Hoseok huffed. “You are his brother – he wouldn’t resort to that. Anyway…what do you propose we do instead?”
 
“We trick them.” Jungkook announced, continuing when he saw that he had both the Jung siblings’ attention. “They are not that far behind us. We could lure them in by making them think we are too weak and they have the upper hand. But then we attack them instead. If we just keep running then we will die tomorrow or the day after anyway.”
 
The older alpha’s eyes flutter shut as he thought for a few moments and when Hoseok opened his eyes once more his gaze flickered between his friend and his sister. “Who’s going to lure them, then?” the alpha asked.
 
“Me, of course.” Jungkook replied confidently. “You wouldn’t be able to get away from them in your condition.”
 
“Alright,” Hoseok got back up on all fours, wincing at the stabbing pain in his side. “Just be safe because if anything happens to you your brother would kill me.”
 
Jungkook snorted. “You are his best friend – he wouldn’t resort to that.” He mimicked the older alpha’s earlier words.
 
 
 
***
 
 
Fighting faeries in wolf form wasn’t exactly an easy task. They were fast and tricky and most of all – they had the assistance of their magic. Wolves were fast too, undeniably. But a wolf’s large body took away from their instinctive response time, delaying their reaction.
 
Generally, omegan wolf bodies were built sleeker and faster, providing them the capacity for more speed but this advantage was mostly nullified because unless they were trained, omegas lacked the physical strength of alphas. The latter, on the other hand, had immense strength but they were much slower. But to fight the faeries, they would need both speed and strength and the human form was the best for this – the human body small enough for fast reflexes if properly trained and the skill in sword providing the necessary strength.
 
However, fighting in wolf form was now their only option as they had no weapons with them; they hadn’t had enough time to gather any during their escape from the palace, bringing nothing but their own selves.
 
Jungkook waited, crouched among the thick greenery of bushes and shrubs as his ears strained to hear any sounds of wings or feet. He heard it then – the buzzing and fluttering sound of wings in the air.
 
Jungkook held his breath as he listened to the group of Royals approach. They were too persistent - this particular flutter of faeries – as they had been following after the three wolves all the way from the palace. Despite their speed, magic and trickery, faerie senses were dull so he wasn’t really afraid of being discovered as Jungkook waited until they were close enough. When the nearest Fey neared his hiding place the black wolf jumped out of the bushes and sprinted away as frantic shouts to go after him carried in the air.
 
He ran until he was only half a mile away from where Hoseok and Jiwoo lay in wait and as he got closer and closer to the siblings, Jungkook felt the mind link between them open up.
 
“Get Ready!” he alerted the two of them, receiving words of affirmation in return. He could feel the two wolves lingering nearby and his body buzzed with energy at the inexorable fight that was about to take place. “Now!”
 
Jungkook swirled around mid-sprint and pounced on one of the nearest faeries as Hoseok and Jiwoo did the same, attacking from both left and right as they emerged from their respective hideouts in the trees. The surprise factor worked well in their favor and within the next minute they had three decapitated Royals lying limp and bloody on the forest floor. It had been their best and least risky strategy to even the odds between their two groups seeing as there were only three of them against nine Royals. Jungkook was thankful that the plan worked.
 
His head jerked to Jiwoo and he was confused for a moment as the grey wolf snarled at him soundlessly but then Jungkook rolled his eyes, realizing that Jiwoo had been trying to grin while in wolf form. It’s not like Jungkook had actually thought Jiwoo wouldn’t be able to hold her own in a fight – she was the sister of the youngest General in their Kingdom’s history and Hoseok must have surely imparted some of his combat knowledge to her. But Jungkook and Jiwoo were practically mates at this point – would have been by now if not for the now ruined marriage ceremony – and the youngest alpha had an exigent and blatant urge to protect her and provide for her; undeniable wolf instincts – especially for an alpha.
 
“What about their elements?” Hoseok questioned as he and Jiwoo joined Jungkook by his side.
 
“Two of them are Flora manipulators. The others haven’t used any yet so I cannot say for sure if they are duds or have some other element.” Jungkook supplied. The two Royals with the magic to manipulate plants had tried their best to capture Jungkook but he had expertly leaped over and dodged all the vines and the overgrown flora that they had tried to block his path with. Flora manipulators were the most common type of faeries and according to various studies, about half of the race’s population comprised of flora elementals; it was fairly easy to anticipate their actions because there were such exhaustive studies on their kind and the extent of their magical prowess.
 
With their numbers now slightly more even than they had been before, they stared the faeries down all the while speaking to each other through the link.
 
“The one on the right end has a damaged wing – Jiwoo can take care of him, but be careful since he must be really good with a sword to compensate for that.” Hoseok advised his sister and the grey wolf gave a low grunt.
 
“I’ll take care of the elementals for now but if any of the others have a different magic then we switch,” The younger alpha directed his words to Hoseok. “In your condition it would be easier for you to deal with them than any others.”
 
The three wolves pounced on the faeries just as they had regrouped after the loss of three of their members. One of the Royals Jungkook was supposed to deal with went down quickly, not being much of a fighter. The second one, however, was rather troublesome and Jungkook was getting annoyed with each minute that passed as the faerie flew into the air each time Jungkook tried to attack. It did not help that he was also constantly distracted, gaze drifting towards both Hoseok and Jiwoo from time to time to check whether or not they needed his assistance.
 
He willed himself to focus on his current opponent – the faster he took her down the earlier he could go help the others. He managed to tackle the fey woman to the ground and a high-pitched wail ripped from her mouth as Jungkook’s teeth sank into the woman’s shoulder, his own mouth filling with the taste of blood as he ripped the limb from her torso. He felt a vine circle around one of his legs and jumped to the side, disentangling himself from the plant’s hold.
 
A lifeless body hurtled through the air and landed on top of the wailing fey woman, her cries effectively muffled under the weight. Jungkook turned just in time to catch Hoseok’s gaze before the older alpha engaged in a fight with another one of the Royals.  
 
Jungkook bounded towards Jiwoo who had managed to seriously injure the two faeries she had been fighting against, albeit not succeeding in actually killing any of them. His fiancé herself had a gash from a sword on her neck but what made Jungkook growl and his eyes turn red was the placement of the wound – so close to Jiwoo’s scent gland. Before he could even comprehend his actions, the faeries in front of them were lying dead in a pool of their blood.
 
The black wolf padded towards his fiancé, sniffing at her neck, his tongue lapping over the cut and licking the wound clean of blood as Jiwoo stayed pliant under his ministrations. Jungkook heard a snort from behind and turned to see Hoseok spit blood from his mouth as the older alpha watched the pair with an amused glint in his eyes.
 
“Just mate her already, you over-protective brat. I’ve had enough of you two pining over each other.”
 
 
 
 ***
 
   
The moment Hoseok announced that it was time they made camp Jungkook’s body slumped onto the dirt and he curled up into a ball. He heard the older alpha’s laugh in his mind before Hoseok too collapsed just a few feet beside him with Jiwoo nudging the two of them a little apart so she could slip between them.
 
It was like when Jungkook had been a kid, with Seokjin, Hoseok and Jiwoo fighting to get his attention just because they thought he looked cute - all embarrassed while they teased him. Sometimes they would gather in the library – both Jiwoo and Seokjin managing to get access to the place as long as they were accompanied by either Hoseok or Jungkook. His brother and Hoseok would get immersed in some philosophical discussion for a while, bickering over which laws they viewed to be as complete nonsense and Seokjin complaining about yet another one of his omega acquaintances from his etiquette or cultural lessons. Honestly, even to this day Jungkook doesn’t know how Seokjin managed to go through with all the classes when he knew that the older absolutely hated them. The only class he was aware his brother actually enjoyed was the one where they taught omegas how to care for the pups. His brother had always hated the fact that most of society had viewed the omegas’ purpose as being only good enough to be a breeder but even with all of his hatred, it had been impossible for Seokjin to hate the little pups that ran around the nursery. He always said that taking care of the pups was like looking after a kid Jungkook all over again, making the younger pout and cringe a little at all the excessive hugs and cuddles that came with Seokjin.
 
Jungkook missed his brother now; their group cuddles not the same with Seokjin’s absence.
 
“I still cannot believe you left him with that Kim Namjoon – they have met each other only three times but it’s already like they’ve hated each other all their lives. They can’t stand each other’s company.” Jungkook said, shifting his head on the ground so his eyes focused on Hoseok’s. The older seemed amused but it vanished quickly with Jungkook’s next words. “You should have just brought him with you when you came to get us. That way the four of us would have together right now.”
 
The greyish-blonde wolf sat up at the serious tone of the younger alpha. “Jungkook,” he started in a soft voice that floated through their mind link, “Do you really think I would have left Seokjin with someone if I thought he wouldn’t be safe? You can’t be serious.” The alpha shook his head at the youngest of the group. “Jimin said we can trust Kim Namjoon and besides, your brother isn’t as weak as you seem to think he is. He could take care of himself even if Namjoon weren’t with him.”
 
This left the younger even more confused than he already was. Jungkook shuffled to sit up and face the other alpha wolf as Jiwoo just huffed between them, as if sensing the argument that was almost certain to ensue between the two alphas.
 
“First of all, you have yet to explain to us just how it is that you know Jimin and why you trust his words so much so as to put my brother’s life on the line.” They had been too tied up with the task of getting to safety that Jungkook hadn’t questioned Hoseok’s decisions out loud. But still, Jungkook felt uneasy about everything that was happening. The older alpha clearly knew more than he was currently letting on but for some reason, Hoseok has been reluctant to speak about it. In his heart, Jungkook knew he should just trust Hoseok and wait but the man’s vague words, secretive behavior and the fear of possibly never being able to see his brother again pushed Jungkook to prod the older for answers, not having the patience to wait calmly for the uncertain future when he had no idea of what to expect. “And what do you even mean Seokjin isn’t as weak as I think he is? Having a sharp tongue and being able to cuss is not the same as having the ability to protect himself from physical harm.”
 
Hoseok’s wolf shook its head at him, soft fur matted with blood and dirt flying in all directions around the alpha’s head. “You grew up together with him but still know Seokjin even less than I do. Your brother is the most cunning and secretive man I have met in my life, Jungkook.” Hoseok stated simply.
 
Jiwoo’s ears twitched as her curiosity piqued. Jungkook could only blink in response. “What…what do you even mean by that? Seokjin, cunning?”
 
Hoseok laughed at his lost look. Jungkook wished they had their clothes with them just so he could shift and punch Hoseok in the face for dragging this out. Maybe he could just go and sit on top of him in his wolf form and crush the older with his weight.
 
“Yes, Kook. Cunning. Your brother has a lot of secrets. I am one of the three Generals of our kingdom and it is my duty to be observant of the enemies, to pry into their secrets and form strategies to defeat them in battle. But finding answers to Seokjin’s secrets proved to be more difficult than getting access to the Yellow Kingdom’s military formations. Did you know Seokjin could read?” Jungkook, honestly, was more than a little flabbergasted at this disclosure. Hoseok just continued talking, a little pride radiating from him at his best friend not being hampered by rules of society and pursuing his dreams. “When we gather at the palace’s library, he always pretends to just look at the pictures inside the books. But he actually reads them, his eyes move and scan along every line. Before, I didn’t think too much about why he had such profound knowledge on political and historical concepts – I just assumed he gathered things during his interactions with other noble omegas. But now thinking back, it was a rather stupid and silly assumption to make on my part. I mean, how many omegas do you know that belong to the upper ranks and actually entertain in something other than is thought them in their classes? But if Seokjin was actually able to study the books then it all makes perfect sense, don’t you think so?”
 
Jungkook didn’t know what to make of it all. He listened with apt attention as Hoseok narrated all his doubts and conclusions regarding his brother, and Jungkook felt like he knew Seokjin a little bit lesser with each revelation.
 
Hoseok told them of an incident he’d witnessed in secret that led him to believe Seokjin wasn’t affected by the Alpha Voice. He told Jungkook that Seokjin’s hands held the roughness of someone who had experience with either a sword or a bow. He spoke about the sneers the omega prince had sent after servants who had badmouthed him – but in languages Seokjin wasn’t really supposed to be able to understand.
 
The most surprising, however, was the matter of his brother’s scent.
 
“Seokjin uses suppressants.” Hoseok states at last, “You may have been too young to remember the actual depth of the scent, but I can tell you that I remember it clearly. The first time I met your brother I almost had a headache from how strong the scent was but since then it has waned. Reducing the power of a scent is only possible through the use of pheromone suppressants, which dare I add, are considered illegal within our kingdom.”
 
Jungkook’s ears flattened in shame as his mind examined and re-examined every detail Hoseok revealed. He felt ashamed for not looking past his brother’s nonchalant attitude and carefree smiles. Unless some dirtbag alpha made some rude remarks about the omega prince, Seokjin had always been the representation of calm and collected. He was a person who hated laws and rules the most but inevitably, Seokjin was also the one who followed them without question.

   


  They won’t bother me as long as I follow the rules. They will leave me alone.

 
Jungkook understood now that it was all just a front. Seokjin followed orders because then he would be left alone with enough time for himself, for him to pursue his dreams and desires and try to become the best version of himself. It killed Jungkook inside – that Seokjin had to resort to secrecy and deceit even with his own brother just so he could live freely and do what he really wanted to.
 
The anger that bubbled inside him was directed towards no one but himself. Jungkook had always been proud to receive praise from his brother and father for his achievements. He had always bragged and talked to Seokjin of his days spent outside the castle. Seokjin would always ruffle his hair and smile, a content expression on his face. But now Jungkook wondered: was contentment the same as true happiness?
 
Having enough in life to survive and go about the days as usual was contentment. But happiness? It was the joy one felt in living each moment of the day surrounded by people you love. Did Seokjin ever enjoy his days? Did he feel happy or just content enough to stay alive for another day?
 
Seokjin had always been there for him throughout the years since their mother’s death. Has Jungkook been there for him?
 
Jungkook cried while wrapped up in his brothers arms, protected from his problems and the world by Jin’s wide shoulders and firm chest. Where did Seokjin cry?
 
He was so immersed in his own thoughts, so wrapped up in the clutches of guilt that stemmed from his childishness and ignorance that at first he did not even hear Hoseok call his name.
 
Jungkook napped out of his whirlwind of thoughts and emotions when he felt Jiwoo’s paw drag along the fur on his side, sensing his anguish and trying to comfort him. But did he deserve to be comforted right now? When he was safe but did not know if Seokjin was even alive?
 
“You were with him so much more than I ever was or could be.” Hoseok’s voice encroached on his mind. “It hurts that he couldn’t trust me enough to tell me any of this himself but it’s a little shocking that he didn’t tell you either. You should be more observant of your surroundings, Jungkook-ah.”
 
 It was a mistake, he didn’t actually intend on doing so but amidst his internal breakdown Jungkook snapped.
 
“Don’t you dare try to chastise me!” He snarled at the older, startling both himself and the Jung siblings alike, “You may think that you know him better now because of all these little details but you don’t. You have no right to feel hurt because he doesn’t trust you as much as you thought he did. Maybe if your so called observational skills were actually good enough then you wouldn’t have hurt him first. You shouldn’t have strung him along just to come back one day smelling so strongly of another omega and not even clarifying anything to either of us. Damn it, I don’t really require any explanation from you. But if you had truly observed him as much as you claim you did, then you should have known that Seokjin was in love with you and that you hurt him.”
 
Jungkook winced as soon as his mouth stopped spitting words, slapping a hand over his mouth in slightly panicked horror at what he’d just done. It had been the one secret Seokjin had actually trusted him with but Jungkook’s temper now led it to be out in the open. Maybe this was why Seokjin had never tried to confide any of his worries with him. Most of the time, the young alpha was too driven by anger and other emotions to make rational decisions.
 
He looked up and his eyes locked with Hoseok’s befuddled ones. “W-What d-do you…Seokjin is….?” The older alpha’s voice stuttered, unable to finish the sentence.
 
“Was, not is. He’s not anymore.” Jungkook sighed. The damage was already done so he might as well clarify. “J-Just…let it go, mhm? I…I will go hunt us something to eat.”
 
The had been travelling just along the edge of the forest, not really venturing too far inside as per Hoseok’s instruction, but now Jungkook sprinted towards the thicket of trees hoping that a good hunt would help him take his mind off his current turmoil. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see that Hoseok’s wolf remained sitting still; Jiwoo’s grey wolf, on the other hand, took off after Jungkook, running side by side with the black beast.
 
 
“Go back!” Jungkook tried not to snap or snarl at his fiancé. Jiwoo didn’t budge, her gaze fixed in front of her. “Jiwoo…”
 
“Please, Jungkook-ah.” Her voice came as a sorrowful whisper in his mind. Jungkook sighed.
 
“Okay. Just…try to keep up with me.”
 
He felt her relax beside him, a heavy breath leaving the omega’s chest.
 
For now, Jungkook focused on the hunt.
 
 
 
***
  
 
Two rabbits and a lucky catch of a little wild boar later Jungkook and Jiwoo were resting under the thick canopy. Jungkook needed some time to collect his thoughts and decide if he actually wanted to apologize to Hoseok or just let it be, and Jiwoo was refusing to leave him alone so he just let her be.
 
Jungkook looked over at his fiancé, wondering just why he had so many second thoughts and apprehensions. If only Seokjin hadn’t sent them away to have their little talk…
 
No, only Jungkook himself was to blame here.
 
Jungkook sighed, mentally berating himself. He had spent years believing his brother’s lies so why couldn’t he, for once, believe in the truths Jiwoo told. In the back of his mind, in the part where logic prevailed, Jungkook was confident to a fault that Jiwoo had agreed on their union because of her own free will. But there had always been this part of him - small but salient - that held the suspicion that Jiwoo had only agreed due to her father’s coercion. The fear that his feelings were only one sided has always nagged him ever since their engagement.
 
He shouldn’t have thought that way though, should have never downgraded her character by believing she would follow orders of a terrible man whom she hated to the core despite sharing the same blood. Jiwoo had always been genuine in both her actions and words but Jungkook was always hesitant and afraid.
 
Seokjin had meant for him to talk to her, to resolve their confusion and feelings. Their conversation had been interrupted by the attack but now Jiwoo was still by his side, she chose to follow him even amidst all her worry for Hoseok and his injuries
 
Even if they weren’t actual mates yet, Jungkook wanted to put his fears and their differences aside and take care of her – if she still wanted him of course.
 
“Jiwoo?”
 
“Yes, Jungkook, what is it?” her soft voice echoed in his mind.
 
“I’m sorry for lashing out on your brother like that.”
 
His fiancés head turned and now she was looking straight into his eyes, as if searching for the direction Jungkook wanted to steer the conversation to.
 
“Mhm…All of us have been stressed for the past few weeks. It’s reasonable to think that one of us would snap sooner or later. You just happened to be the first one.” The omega reasoned calmly. “I am sure brother understands. He would never hold it against you, I hope you know that.”
 
“I do.”
 
“And as for Seokjin,” she continues, “He must have had his own reasons for keeping everything from you. I want you to do something for me, Jungkook-ah.” She says, tone just a little bit pleading, her eyes searching his own.
 
“Tell me.” He says simply. He would do it, whatever it was.
 
Jiwoo’s gaze on him is heavy as she speaks. “Don’t go assuming things. Don’t wallow in guilt by assuming it’s your fault without knowing the reasoning behind your brother’s actions. And when you meet your brother again – and you will, definitely. The four of us will be together again. – you talk with him about it.”
 
 
Jungkook sighs. Jiwoo was always worrying for his wellbeing. He thought back on his earlier words to Hoseok, how he said that the older alpha had strung his brother along. Wasn’t he doing the same to Jiwoo all these years? No, it was even worse since they were already set to be married and mated but Jungkook had never did or said anything to Jiwoo that affirmed he wanted her in his life.
 
“I will.” He replied and Jiwoo shot him a pleased yip, her tail wagging. Jungkook steeled himself and a moment later asker her, “Do you still want to get married? Not now, but…” he looked away shyly, only turning back when he was graced with silence.
 
Jiwoo was beside him in the blink of an eye, her muzzle rubbing along his neck and side comfortingly as she scented him. “Of course I still want to Jungkook-ah. I know you have always doubted my intentions to a certain extent but I don’t hold any of it against you. Aside from my brother and Seokjin, you are my next favorite person.” Jungkook snorts at being placed third on the list but it’s light-hearted. “I like you and if you will have me, I want to be your mate.” He’s always known but it’s the first time he’s heard her say the words out loud. Jiwoo, despite being strong-headed and outspoken, was also shy at times Jungkook felt his heart soar and part of the turmoil inside him dissolve.
 
“I like you too Jiwoo, and I do want you as my mate.” He replies, gently scenting her back. “I love you.”
 
 
 
***
 
 
They return to camp a while later with Jiwoo jumping around and yipping playfully. His sister’s good mood seems to ease Hoseok’s own and he rolls his eyes at the pair, minutely shaking his head at Jungkook in indication that no apology is needed between them.
 
Their resting area can hardly be called a camp, lacking all the necessities including a fire; their thick fur coats would be enough to keep them warm throughout the night.
 
They share the kills between them, mostly eat in silence and Jungkook is thankful Hoseok doesn’t ask him about Seokjin’s feelings towards the other alpha. It wasn’t Jungkook’s place to say anything – well…to say more than he already has.
 
Jungkook hadn’t forgotten how the original conversation had started out and so he asks, “What does Jimin have to do with any of this?”
 
The older alpha is quiet for a while, choosing his words carefully before he speaks, ”There is a person who supposedly knows the reason as to why the Royals are waging a war against us. Jimin can take us to him.”
 
Jungkook nods, filing the information away. Still wondering how Hoseok knew Jimin - why he’d never before spoken of the man to them, why he trusted him so unconditionally.
 
“And what is the reason behind the war? What is the purpose of snuffing away so many lives?” Jungkook prods, a little desperate to get more out of the older before Hoseok clams up again.
 
“…To rid the Ancestral Lands of omegas.”
 
 
 
***
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Do not panic, Seokjin told himself. But he was about to do just that anyway. The moment Seokjin realized what was happening to Namjoon his brain went blank. Well, not necessarily blank perhaps but there were just so many different thoughts in that single moment that he forgot everything that passed through his mind.
   

  Just let the Royals come find us again, please…I do not have the necessary knowledge to deal with this situation.
 Seokjin had zero experience with alpha ruts. Of course he knew the basics of what to expect from an alpha in rut but that was as far as his expertise in this went. Getting knotted by an alpha in rut almost always resulted in their partner conceiving, especially if said partner was an omega and even more so if the omega was in heat. Being a prince, it was of utmost importance for him to prevent any unwanted pregnancies – the only child he was to carry would belong to his official mate. It wasn’t like he had no experience with copulation, might as well just say sex, either – he’d spent a couple of his harder heats with trusted betas but it was never with an alpha, it was simply not allowed and he had never wanted to anyway. Till this day, there had ever been only one alpha that Seokjin had come close to asking to spend his heat with, but in the end he never did ask. There had been a time when he fancied himself in love with Jung Hoseok but his inner wolf had never agreed with the prince’s heart. Seokjin, however, despite his inner omega always making things a bit difficult for him where instincts were concerned, trusted his wolf. If his wolf opposed something then it always had a good reason to. Eventually, Seokjin had given in to his omega and slowly, with time, his feelings for Hoseok waned and he went back to just being the alpha’s friend. It hurt in the beginning – he won’t lie about that – and his emotions were a little messy for a while, especially during the few times his friend had come back from his ruts smelling like another omega. But it was just something in the past already. He would always love Hoseok but not in the romantic way, more like he loved Jungkook and Jiwoo and like Hoseok loved his own sister and the two princes. Jung Hoseok would always be his best friend. So, even if he had a slight idea about ruts he did not actually know what to expect. Ruts were hard on alphas, sometimes even harder than heats were for omegas and most alphas preferred spending them with a partner. But right now they were in the middle of a forest – in the middle of nowhere, essentially – and Namjoon would be lucky if they found a hut he could spend his rut in. Seokjin wondered brefly if Namjoon had someone back home, a potential mate or even just a partner he spent his ruts with. He’d never asked, mostly because they were not close enough for such intimate and personal conversations. Well, even if there indeed was someone, it was useless at this point anyway – it’s not like Namjoon’s partner could get here in time. “…Namjoon?” he ventured at last, not wanting to delay the inevitable any longer. The wolf was still lying flat on the ground, breaths coming heaving than usual as the alpha spoke through the mind link between them. “Stay back!” “That is not an option and you know it. We need to get you someplace safe before it hits you in full force.” The prince said, taking a few tentative steps towards the alpha until Namjoon growled in warning and Seokjin had to stop. “You should’ve told me if your rut was this close or did you forget that I’m an omega and that I could get hurt if you lose control?” Silence., then, “No…I just forgot about the rut.” Seokjin wanted to make some snide remark at that but then he reconsidered. He couldn’t really blame the alpha for forgetting his own rut schedule. Certainly, handling ruts wasn’t the first thing on Namjoon’s mind since they had more pressing issues to deal with – like staying alive, for example. “Well, heck with it.” Seokjin said instead. The black wolf turned its head to face the prince. “How long can you manage?” “A few hours…” the prince noticed the alpha sniff the air curiously and when Seokjin did the same he felt his eyes go wide. The prince’s omega seemed to love Namjoon’s rut scent and unbeknownst to Seokjin his own scent had bloomed, it was now as strong as it had been before he had started taking the suppressant teas. In that instant, Seokjin felt relieved that his heat had passed recently, because if not, the omega was sure that Namjoon’s scent would have triggered it right then and there. He clenched his teeth to withhold the whine his inner wolf so desperately wanted to let out. “Is there a town or village close by?” “No –“ the panic was slowly returning…”but there is a pack settlement near here. It should take us around two, no three hours to reach it. I know some members of the pack so they would be willing to help.” The white wolf grunted in understanding. Seokjin tried to recollect anything that might be helpful to an alpha in a state of rut, anything that could ebb away the pain and unease of leaving it unsatisfied. The only thing that came to mind was scenting between mates or partners. His throat felt a little constricted when he swallowed. The prince did not exactly like the idea that came to him then but if it can help then he felt he should at least try. With unsure steps, the white wolf padded towards the alpha. “Don’t,” Namjoon’s words through the mind link were accompanied by a low snarl. Another warning. “You could –“The omega wolf shook his head. “It is fine. I had it just before the ceremony and another one wouldn’t get triggered so soon.” He tried to reassure the other wolf. Namjoon seemed to come to the same conclusion because the snarling quieted. “What are you doing?” the alpha was on his feet in an instant, jumping back from the white wolf as Seokjin finally managed to get close enough to scent him. Seokjin huffed. “No need to act so surprised, Namjoon.” He said, none too pleased. “Surely you must have also realized by now that our wolves are compatible so even if we are not…you know, even then me scenting you might help a little.” The prince did not know what to think of the alpha’s reaction when he saw Namjoon’s ears settle close to the wolf’s head, as if the black wolf were actually shy. The sight was amusing to Seokjin and maybe just a little bit endearing. “Only if it is alright with you.” Namjoon replied at last, already a bit more breathless than he had been earlier. Seokjin gulped down a huge breath of fresh air before coming close to the alpha once more. His eyes locked with Namjoon’s for a moment, conveying that the alpha could still back out but since the black wolf only stared back Seokjin brought his snout to the alpha’s fur, rubbing against it. He moved to place his head over the alpha’s and the underside of his muzzle slowly glided from the back of the black wolf’s head and a little down its back. He felt the wolf below him let out a stuttered breath and despite holding back until now, a small whine managed to escape the omega. If he were in his human form, Seokjin was sure he would have been as flushed as a beet. When the white wolf drew back, he could perceive the change in the alpha already – Namjoon was more relaxed and calmer, the wolf trembling a little less than before. Seokjin huffed out a sigh in relief. “Alright, now since that is over with…which way are we headed?” Namjoon’s jerked his head to the north-east and they started running with as much speed as Namjoon could muster in his state. It took them around five hours to get to the pack camp. Namjoon had overestimated his own strength and endurance and by the end of the two hour mark the black wolf was no longer running along Seokjin but just barely managing to drag himself forward. Seokjin wanted to help the alpha and push him along but by then he was a little bit scared to get too close – he’d heard that even normal alphas get violent and aggressive during their ruts and Namjoon was an alpha alpha. He had seen an angry Namjoon before so Seokjin could only imagine the extent of dominance the other’s rut would bring forth. It would be a lot more than he could handle, of that the prince was certain. He saw the tents and huts in the distance then, and leaving the alpha behind so he could follow at his own pace Seokjin sprinted towards the pack settlement. He could hear voices and smell the different scents of the wolves, muffled and mellowed down because of the distance. Seokjin sensed the exact moment the pack wolves became aware of his presence – he could literally feel the change in the atmosphere. He did not want to start a fight by encroaching on pack territory without permission so he slowed down and approached with caution. By the time he was close enough to distinguish individual faces a group of shifters – all in their human form – had gathered at the edge of the settlement. Seokjin stopped before them and bowed as is custom, asking permission to enter their land. A woman who looked to be at least several years older than the prince himself stepped forward and studied him with a serious glint in her eyes. Deeming him safe, she crouched in front of him and extended her wrist towards Seokjin so he could scent – scenting on the wrists was the easiest way to establish the mind link while one or more of the participants were in their human form. However, just as Seokjin was about to scent her, the woman’s nose twitched. She sniffed the air around them, her eyes going wide and mouth parting slightly in an Oh as her gaze shifted to something behind the white wolf. Seokjin turned to look behind him and saw his companion there, struggling to walk as he finally managed to catch up. “Ah, this idiot boy!” the woman exclaimed, standing to her full height which wasn’t much anyway. But her sharp and fierce features more than compensated for her small stature, giving her a rather authoritative presence. “Always getting himself into trouble.” Just then another woman pushed through the crowd, joining the first one at the front. “Oh Luna!” the new arrival gasped. “Is that Namjoon?!” Well, this confirmed that this was the pack Namjoon had told him about but Seokjin was a little said he was being ignored. “Yes, it is him.” The fierce-looking woman replied. “And he seems to be in rut.” Her face scrunched up a little. “Yes…I can see that, Seulgi.” “Mhm…for now, how about you take him to one of the empty huts, love?” Seulgi requested, receiving a nod from the other woman who Seokjin gathered was her mate, since both women were sporting visible mate marks. “And then take his companion somewhere he could shift and get dressed in private. I will go ask Kyungsoo to cook them some food. They must be starving.” Seokjin bowed his head once again to thank her and with that the woman walked back into the crowd, disappearing among them as they started to disperse. “Hello there, I’m Irene and that was Seulgi, my mate.” Irene introduced herself, her arm waving vaguely in the direction Seulgi had gone. “Follow me, if you please.” She then turned towards the black wolf. “Yah! Get your ass to Seulgi’s old cabin, you troublemaker.” Seokjin huffed out a short laugh at Namjoon’s responding whine, amused that the alpha would let himself be scolded by both of the women. They must be rather close, Seokjin concluded. With a last look towards the alpha, Irene twirled around on the balls of her feet and gestured for them to follow her.A few minutes later they arrived at an empty-looking cabin on the outskirts of the camp and Namjoon, with the last of his strength, bounded up the steps and burst inside as Irene held the door open. The last thing Seokjin saw was a glimpse of the alpha’s naked back as Namjoon shifted into his human form and then Irene had shut the door and locked it using a padlock.   ***  “Thank you.” He mumbled as Irene placed a plate filled with food beside him. She smiled at him and with a wave sauntered off somewhere else. He was not left alone for long however, because just a minute later he recognized Seulgi’s face among the people milling about the camp. “Pleasure to meet you. I’m Seulgi, my brother’s the leader of this pack.” She greeted him, sitting down on the steps leading up to the cabin, leaving a couple feet between them out so as to not make the prince uncomfortable. “You can call me Jin.” Seokjin shot her a faint smile. “And thank you, for helping.”  Seulgi snorted, waving her hands dismissively. “No need for that, Jin. It’d hardly be the first time Irene and I had to deal with a situation like this. Namjoon is quite a reckless fellow. He doesn’t look like it, but he is.” The woman laughed light-heartedly. “I assume you all know him well?” Seulgi’s face didn’t look as stern when she smiled. “We do! That brat is always travelling for assignments given out by people from the palace and he passed through here many times. We became close like that and now we can’t get rid of him. “Her tone was carefree. “I assume you are someone from the Lupa Kim’s palace?” The question startled Seokjin and he wondered if she too, like Lady Jiwon, had seen him at one of the palace’s events. “Yes…how did you know?” Seulgi shrugged. “You are an omega and seeing as Namjoon hasn’t abandoned you in the Woods you must be someone important, a noble maybe?” Seokjin did not know to what extent he could trust this woman; She seemed genuine enough and had history with Namjoon but it was better to be cautious so he just went along with her assumption. “Yes, my father is an official of the court. We were together during the attack so we ended up travelling together.” “Dang…and here I had gotten my hopes up thinking you might be his intended.” the woman said with a pout making Seokjin chocked on his food. “Um…no.” he reinforced when he could finally breathe properly gain. “If I may ask though, why does he hate omegas that much?” Seulgi’s body angled to face the omega and she studied him briefly before speaking. “It’s a sort of complex, I guess?” she mused, “With Namjoon there are only two types of omegas. Ones that don’t deserve to be protected and ones he feels guilty for not being able to protect. He doesn’t really hate the second kind, rather… I think that the guilt he has made him wary of getting emotionally attached to omegas who aren’t strong enough to protect themselves or those Namjoon thinks he’s failed. You must be a tough one if he stuck around you.” Seokjin considered the beta’s words carefully, wondering what the guilt she referred to was. But it seemed personal and the prince did not feel like prying any further without Namjoon’s consent – not that he actually thought that Seulgi would divulge more than what is proper. For now, this new piece of Namjoon was enough for him to ponder over. “It’s just out of necessity, believe me. Most of the time we can’t stand each other – literally.” He replied with a bit of a scowl. “You must have a sharp tongue then,” she chuckled, shooting him a wink. Her expression turned slightly sad then as she uttered her next words. “Irene’s got one and the two of them always squabble over nonsense. My brother’s mate was the same.” “The pack alpha’s mate?” Seokjin wondered. He was tired of the boring omega mates of palace officials who never did anything that went against their mates’ orders so getting to know more and more omegas like Junhee and Junsu made him giddy with excitement. He’d already met Irene and he would love to meet this other omega. “I would love to speak with them. What is his name?” “Chanyeol’s mate? His name was Baekhyun – mischievous little brat despite being over thirty but he was like a piece of art too. One of the prettiest and wittiest omegas I’ve had the pleasure of knowing.” Her voice ended on a melancholy note and it was then that Seokjin realized she had spoken of the omega in past tense. “I-Is he not around anymore?” his voice was hushed and soft as he asked. Seulgi sent him a sad smile before replying. “He passed away last year.” She told him and the prince nodded in understanding, followed by an apology for making her bring it up. She waved off his concern. “Namjoon and some other officials had just got rid of a slaver pack that had been hiding out in the hills further north of here. He passed through here after and stayed a few days before leaving. But then, the next day the remnants of that disgusting bunch stormed in here while following his scent. Chanyeol, Irene and I weren’t home then and as the pack leader’s mate Baekhyun saw it as his duty to protect everyone so he let himself be taken away in exchange for the others’ safety.” “Oh my Luna!” Seokjin gasped, both in awe of Baekhyun’s courage and in horror at the implications of the omega being taken away by the slave traders. He must have been so afraid but he had stayed strong for his family, for his pack. Seulgi sighed deeply. “Yes, he was a brave one, beautiful and feisty too. The slavers couldn’t exactly say no when an omega like that just fell into their laps and so they spared the pack by taking him in exchange. We got back the next day and went out with a search party the moment we knew what had transpired but without Namjoon to lead the way, by the time we found the location of their old hideout it was too late. We learned from one of the rogues that Baekhyun had killed himself before anyone could touch him. He was so loyal to Channie e-even in his la-last moments.”  Her voice cracked by the end and Seokjin saw the lone tear that rolled down her cheek. He moved closer and hugged her lightly, willing his scent to turn soft to provide her comfort. She wiped the tear away and smiled at him, saying that she was alright. “This only added to Namjoon’s already piling guilt. He always felt responsible for Baekhyun’s death. He started coming here less after that, mostly because he couldn’t not every time he crossed paths with Channie.” Seokjin sat beside Seulgi in despondent silence, the scent of crisp roses and citrus engulfing them both as he tried not to cry himself. He felt like he understood Namjoon a little more now but on the other hand, his anger at the alpha’s harsh and degrading words hadn’t waned. Seulgi’s story made sense in regards to the fact that Namjoon feared attachment, especially to omegas, but it failed to explain his irrational hatred for the dynamic. There was definitely more to Namjoon’s story and maybe he would get to know the entirety of it in the future. His view of the alpha had shifted just a tiny bit, though. He knew for a fact now that Namjoon wasn’t just a hateful and arrogant bastard, and was actually a person who genuinely cared for his friends and valued the bonds between them deeply. Seokjin decided not to be so hard on the alpha from now on, to give him some leeway if he wanted to rant sometime. He knew that itchy feeling of just wanting to let one’s emotions lose but being unable to do so.  ***  As is the case with most typical ruts, Namjoon’s rut lasted four days. Meanwhile, Seokjin found some sense of normalcy to his days by spending time with a few pack members and children. He was given a cabin to sleep in and they provided him three meals a day. Naturally, Seokjin wasn’t one to just accept things freely without wanting to contribute something in return – even back home he used to occasionally give out gifts to maids and attendants, a small appreciation for their hard work – and so he took to helping the beta Kyungsoo in the pack’s kitchens and watching the pups. It was a peaceful four days for a change and it almost made Seokjin forget – that is until he dreamed of the arrow protruding from his father’s neck and then of pools of blood with dead wolves lying in them, wolves Seokjin himself had killed. It was late autumn with the leaves in bright shades of orange, yellow and russet carpeting the forest floor. Winter was fast approaching and for the pack that meant stocking up on food. Seokjin watched in interest as the pack members skinned their kills and then Kyungsoo and the others dried and salted the meats. He learned a lot more about the lifestyle of the common folk in those four days than he had ever had the chance to during his brief visits to the Moon village. The first time he saw Namjoon was on the morning of their fifth day at the pack camp. The alpha had just come back after his bath, looking tired as heck and wet hair dripping water on his clothes. Namjoon’s gaze met his briefly across the clearing but the alpha hadn’t come to him immediately. First, he had a long conversation with Seulgi and Irene then Seokjin saw him have a rather transient exchange with Chanyeol, looking slightly uncomfortable throughout the entirety of it. Lastly, his eyes followed the alpha to the kitchens before Namjoon finally approached him with two plates of food – one had the main meal on it and the other had a piece of sweet dessert pie. He passed the latter to Seokjin who took it with a raised eyebrow. “Kyungsoo asked me to pass that on to you.” The alpha stated, vaguely gesturing towards the plate in the omega’s hands. Seokjin responded with a simple nod. “You have nice friends despite being a rude asshole.” Namjoon sputtered. “Did you just… I didn’t know you cussed, Your Highness.” Jin managed a smirk. “Is it really that surprising?” Namjoon thought about it for a bit before replying, “Not really, I guess.” They sat in silence for a few moments. Not the usual awkward kind of silence, but a casual one for once, with the both of them just watching the pack members rushing about and occasionally waving a hand their way. “Seulgi says you’ve been helping around camp.” “I have,” the prince hummed in affirmation. “Just small things here and there, though. Mostly with the cooking and pups. I would have been bored to death if I simply sat around the whole time.” Namjoon grunted in reply as he chewed his food. “I informed Chanyeol and Seulgi that we are leaving after lunch.” “After lunch? “ He turned to look at the alpha beside him. “Isn’t that… too soon? Don’t you need to rest?” “I will be fine.” Namjoon dismissed. “It’s not like I’ve been in a battle or something.” The alpha mused. Seokjin shrugged. If the alpha wanted to leave quickly then so be it. The sooner they find either Hoseok or Jimin, the faster all his confusion would get resolved. Besides, the prince highly suspected that Namjoon did not want to spend a lot of time around Chanyeol. Seulgi had asked him to remind Namjoon that what happened to Baekhyun hadn’t been the alpha’s fault but Seokjin doubted Namjoon would appreciate it if he revealed that he now knew such sensitive information about the alpha. He left the matter for another time. “Alright then, we can leave after lunch like you want to.” The morning passed by swiftly and in the blink of an eye they were already at the edge of the camp with a few pack members assembled there to say their goodbyes. “Take care, Jin.” Seulgi smiled at him warmly. “Keep the troublemaker out of trouble.” Irene quipped, her tongue poking out at Namjoon’s scowl. “Come back more often. We’ve missed you here.” Chanyeol addressed the younger alpha, a hand giving Namjoon’s shoulder a friendly squeeze. Namjoon managed a smile. They used one of the cabins to take turns and shift and then with a final goodbye to the back they were back on track towards their original destination.   ***   Aelia city was a sight to see. Seokjin could see the docks and the sea in the distance, with sailors manning ships and boats. The water shimmered and glittered under the barely warm light of the autumn sun. The air smelled almost like Namjoon’s real scent. The fragrance of the sea and the beach mixed with the wind, intermingling with the smell of fish caught by sailors that wafted from the docks. Seagulls soared in the sky while the gardens and sidewalks were filled with flocks of pigeons. The pups milling about fed bread crumbs to the birds and jumped into huge piles of leaves, scattering them and prompting a scolding by the older shifters who had swept the leaves earlier. It was a homely city but also exotic at the same time since the docks provided the inhabitants access to items from far and wide. Seokjin had expected Namjoon’s first stop to be his home but instead the alpha directed them towards the healer house where Jimin apparently worked. It was a large, old house built from grey stone and surrounded by several almost bare trees. Most shifters there seemed to recognize Namjoon seeing it as no one even bothered to stop them. Seokjin’s admiration for the city was interrupted by the bad news he received from the alpha after the latter had finished speaking to some of his and Jimin’s acquaintances: Jimin had left Aelia city some days ago, heading further north. Even after asking around the city they had no luck in finding out Jimin’s exact destination. In the end, they decided to spend the night in Aelia and Namjoon finally led Seokjin to his house. Namjoon’s home was a large, modern-looking mansion with vast gardens in the front and at the back. It had fountains with ancient statues and an artificial stream ran though the garden with water lilies floating on the surface. The mansion looked serene on the outside. On the inside, however, it was empty except for a lone maid and a butler who welcomed Namjoon with a deep bow. The portrait of Namjoon’s father on one of the walls reminded Seokjin that it was the first time the alpha was back home after his father’s passing. Maybe that was why Namjoon remained mostly quiet the whole time they stayed in the living room. “Nara, could you show Jin to one of the guest rooms and get him some spare clothes?” Namjoon addressed the maid calmly. The maid was a middle-aged woman, her face possessing the tell-tale sign of wrinkles. Seokjin assumed she must be in her late forties. “Of course, Master Namjoon. Welcome home.” Namjoon’s tongue darted out to wet his lips, his mouth then stretching into a thin line as he gave Nara, the maid, a curt nod. The alpha addressed Seokjin then, looking at him over his shoulder. “Make yourself comfortable. I will send someone to get you for dinner.” “Okay.”  ***  A relaxing soak in the bath and an hour of sleep later Seokjin found himself getting restless. It was weird, how the last ten days since their encounter with the rogues have been so calm. All they had been doing these days was travelling and taking rest. It gave Jin a bad feeling and he felt like it was just the calm before the storm. He hoped it wasn’t. Not knowing what else to do, Jin stepped out of the room and decided to explore the house. The corridors were dark, barely lit. Seokjin bit his lip and tried to calm the racing of his heart while giving himself a mental pep talk.
   

  It’s okay. Calm down, Seokjin. You are inside Namjoon’s home – no one is going to attack you.
 He could finally relax only when he reached the living room which was engulfed in dancing shadows cast by the flickering flames of numerous torches and oil lamps. The shadows and silence turned the ambience of the room a little bit eerie but at least now Seokjin could see more than five feet in front of him. “Ah!” Seokjin almost screamed, turning around at the sound of creaking wood from behind him. “Sorry.” A low, sleepy voice spoke from where the man was standing in the middle of the staircase, looking a bit sheepish. “Didn’t mean to startle you. The stairs are old and creak a lot. The whole house creaks actually.” The tension in his body eased when the prince realized it was just Namjoon. “Darn it, Namjoon! You almost gave me a heart attack.” Seokjin scowled at the alpha who had now descended to the lowest step. The older just snorted. “Well, I asked Nara to go get you for dinner but you weren’t in your room so I came down myself to search for you.” He explained. “Well, that is nice and all but next time could you please search without traumatizing me first?” Namjoon rolled his eyes at him and gestured for the prince to come along. Dinner was a quick affair, nothing too fancy but still delicious. Sometime in-between eating Namjoon addressed him, enquiring as to their next course of action since Jimin’s whereabouts were practically unknown at that point. It was then that he finally told Namjoon of Hoseok’s parting words. The alpha had been a little perplexed at the possible involvement of the Pale King in all this but then again, almost everything has been really confusing recently. They decided to not dawdle and set out the next morning.  ***  Seokjin had never been to the Pale King’s land and according to Namjoon, neither has the alpha. It was definitely not what the prince was expecting. A towering wall at least twelve feet high was built all around the border for as long as Jin could see so he assumed it must circumvent the whole territory. The wall was both intimidating and pretty. The top was lined with sharp, menacing spikes but the wall itself was white with motifs of carved roses. A huge silver gate greeted them, guarded by several guards most of whom, Seokjin realized, were betas. “Do you have a pass?” A buff beta with a friendly face approached them, hand on the hilt of his sword. Seokjin noticed Namjoon mimicking the action and saw as the rest of the guards took a step towards them, ready to spring into action lest something happens. “We are sorry,” Seokjin spoke first before Namjoon could do anything to antagonize them. After all, they were the ones who came to their territory seeking help. “It is our first time here and we did not know that we have to acquire a pass to get through the gate.” The beta studied his face for any hint of a lie and finding none, gave the prince a small nod. “May I know what your business in our territory is? It’s not the best of times so we cannot just let unverified strangers pass through, especially alphas.” He eyed Namjoon with a gaze that was equal parts curious and suspicious. “If you were mates then I could’ve let you pass but since I see you are clearly not – it complicates things. You see, unmated alphas are not allowed without direct approval of our King.” They were so strict with the rules, Seokjin thought. Maybe that was why the Pale King’s territory has been so peaceful since its establishment, a safe haven for omegas and those who pledged loyalty to the omega King. “Actually, that is exactly our reason for being here.” Seokjin stated, squaring his shoulders; the beta quirked his brow at the prince’s statement. “We are here to seek an audience with the Pale King.” “And why, if I may ask, do you want to meet our King?” Seokjin looked behind the beta to see another tall male approach. This man was younger, maybe around Seokjin’s own age. His eyes were sharp and focused and going by the scent, Seokjin pegged this one as an alpha. The new arrival moved to stand beside the beta, giving out a mumbled greeting to the latter. “I was asked to find him by someone close to me.” This seemed to pique the young alpha’s interest. “Do you, by chance, know of a Jung Hoseok?” Seokjin tried. The reaction was immediate and startling, prompting gasps and curses from the guards and the young alpha especially. In a matter of moments, both he and Namjoon were being led through the gate, through the streets and into a heavily guarded barracks where they were each given a room to stay in, with Namjoon’s being guarded from outside since he was an undocumented alpha on their territory. “My name Soobin. Choi Soobin. I’m the head guard of this side of the city.” The alpha finally introduced himself. “Pleasure, Sir Choi. You can call me Jin and my companion is Kim Namjoon. I can vouch for the man if you need me to.” He didn’t exactly know why he said that, considering that they were in a kingdom ruled by omegas and Namjoon was literally anti-omega. But he didn’t think that Namjoon would be so stupid as to cause a scene by insulting some unsuspecting omega. The alpha knew it was important for them to meet the King and getting arrested by the head guard wasn’t the right way to go about it. “Our King will surely meet you if Sir Jung was indeed the one who sent you. Until then, you and your friend will speak to and go anywhere only accompanied by either myself or Siwon – he is the beta you spoke to earlier.” Were the alpha’s last words to him before Seokjin was left alone in the room provided to him.  ***   A knock on the door came in the late hours of the next day’s morning. Seokjin had been a little tense and wary throughout the night, not knowing what to expect. This meant he hadn’t gotten the best rest, tossing and turning in bed most the night. “Come in.” He called and the door swung open to reveal Soobin at the threshold. “Follow me please,” the alpha requested. “Our Lord would like to speak with you.” “Lord?” “Yes…”Seokjin picked up on Soobin’s hesitance and his heart sped up a bit. “He is the city’s governor and one of the King’s closest advisors. If you want an audience with the King then you must meet with the Governor first.” “Alright, that is fine with me.” He realized someone’s presence was missing then. “Wait…shouldn’t Namjoon be coming with me then?” he questioned, receiving a shake of the head. “No. Our Lord is an omega. He isn’t too comfortable speaking with alphas he doesn’t know.” Soobin explained, stopping beside the door of an intricate white, gold and silver carriage. He placed his hand on the handle. “After I let you into the carriage, you will speak nothing but the truth. Otherwise you are not welcome here, even if you were sent by Jung Hoseok.” Seokjin gave an acknowledging nod and Soobin finally let him into the carriage. The first thing he saw after settling into the unoccupied seat was the face of the man sitting across from him. Delicate and small face, lush pink lips, Dark hair falling over contrasting pale skin and sharp, even darker eyes. The man in front of him was a beautiful omega, soft all over except for the man’s burning eyes that stared intensely into Seokjin’s own. The prince barely suppressed his urge to swallow the lump that had formed in his throat. “I hear you came here to pay a visit to the King?” The man’s voice was deep and lyrical. So unlike any typical omega voices which were usually high pitched. Not that Jin’s own voice was ear-splitting but he could make it go into a high pitch if he wanted to. “State your name and identity.” The Governor ordered in an authoritative tone. If just the governor of the city was this intimidating, he could only image how powerful of an omega the King must be, to have overthrown a whole kingdom to establish his own. Seokjin realized he was now close to meeting the omega King and fulfilling one of his life’s wishes. The man’s eyes bore into his and the prince couldn’t divert his gaze away as he replied. But Seokjin did not cower, squaring his shoulders as he replied with confidence; after all, he was Kim Royalty. “I am Kim Seokjin, the eldest and Crown Prince of the Lupa Kim Clan. My friend, General Jung Hoseok has sent me and my companion to seek refuge from the Pale King so I assume they must be acquaintances of some sort.” The man’s hard stare softened and he crossed one leg over the other, head inclining in a brief bow. “Well, I hope you like it here, Your Highness. It’s a pleasure to finally meet Hoseok’s best friend.” The man spoke with a smirk on his lips. “I feel like we will see each other a lot in the future. My name is Min Yoongi.”  *** 
  
    Chapter Text
    By the time the afternoon sun was high up in the sky, Seokjin had concluded that besides being incredibly pretty, Governor Min Yoongi was probably one of the most intelligent omegas he’s had the chance to meet.The morning he spent travelling the city with the Governor was a nice change of pace from the prince’s life in the palace where he had to keep his mouth shut despite most definitely having better advice than the council. Here, in front of Min Yoongi, he did not have to pretend to be a dumb, submissive omega.The two of them spent their carriage ride through the city talking about everything and anything including politics, war strategies, trading pacts and even mating. It was like a breath of fresh air for Seokjin – knowing someone with whom he could share his ideas freely without being put down or ignored.However, the engaging conversation between them was not the sole reason for the prince’s bright mood.The border city was simply gorgeous. Aelia City had been beautiful with its views of the shimmering sea and fabulous gardens but it paled in comparison even with this small city on the border of the Pale King’s territory. Just as Seokjin had assumed, the high white walls ran along the border in all directions as if encasing the land in a protective cocoon. The grey-painted barracks was the largest building out of all, the rest being quaint little houses two levels high at most and painted in soft shades of pink, sky blue and peach. The wrought metal gates and fixtures of silver and gold reflected the light of the sun, almost blinding the prince at times. At certain intervals along the streets of the city, wooden poles carved in shapes of animals and spirits of folklore were erected. They had protruding arms from which veiled lanterns and oil lamps were hung – swinging with the wind and waiting to be lighted at dusk.Most of all, the thing that made the prince gawk was the huge fountain at the center of the city.There was a shallow pond with the water reflecting the soft colors of the houses around the city square. In the middle of said pond, there was a circular, raised platform with the sculpted fountain situated on top. There was a large, silver wolf at the center, its body poised, head and snout raised to the sky as if the wolf were mid-howl but instead of sound, water flowed from the majestic beast’s slightly parted mouth and fell into the circular basin. There were five more wolves placed around the reservoir, these were golden and varied in height and build – depicting wolves in various stages of life from a pup into adult and then old age. All the five wolf sculptures had their snouts dipped into the basin, drinking the water.“It’s beautiful!” Seokjin had exclaimed on a gasp when he had laid eyes on it as their carriage was passing through the square.The Governor had a soft smile on his face as he explained the meaning behind the piece of art. “The silver wolf is Luna.” He’d pointed out to Seokjin. “The water represents life. According to our legends, all shifters are said to be direct descendants of Luna in some form or another, hence the wolves drinking the water that flows from the Luna’s being signifies that they’ve received their life from the she-wolf. All the wolves, no matter their age or rank, must bow to her in respect because without her, there is no life itself.”As all the shifters in the Ancestral Land do, the prince has also believed in and prayed to Luna since he was but a mere pup. But sometimes, their devotion left him confused. Their legends depicted Luna as a mighty omega she-wolf but for so long omegas have always been treated as the weaker race among shifters. It was a senseless and almost funny thing to do, in his opinion, because why pray to an omega you cannot see while you mistreat the ones who are right before you.During the extent of their tour, Governor Min never stepped out of their carriage until it was time for lunch. For their meal, they were taken to a white two-storey building at the far end of the city which, according to the Governor, was usually assigned to visiting palace officials and dignitaries from other kingdoms. White, apparently, was the Kingdom’s color.The meal was sumptuous, each dish carefully selected, cooked and plated with care. They made some light conversation as they ate and Seokjin couldn’t stop admiring the striking contrast between Min Yoongi’s almost glass-like skin and his dark eyes and dark red hair, couldn’t stop smiling at the rosy blush that spread over the older omega’s cheek bones when Seokjin had complimented the Governor’s looks. He couldn’t stop the warm feeling that spread inside him upon receiving several compliments from the other in return, not only regarding his own appearance but in light of his intelligence. It was a great feeling – to be recognized for his intellect by someone who was so smart and accomplished.“I’ve been meaning to ask…but how do you know General Jung?” Seokjin questioned when there was a comfortable lull in conversation.“Hoseok?” Min Yoongi smiled at him, his face lighting up a little. The use of his best friend’s first name did not go unnoticed by the prince. “It’s a bit of a long story. I’m rather hurt that he’s never mentioned me to you, seeing as you two are best friends and all, so I’m going to let him tell you himself just so I could see him suffer under all your questioning.” The older actually winked at him conspiratorially, startling Seokjin for a moment before the prince chuckled in response. Oh, he would definitely have some fun grilling Hoseok about it. “In the meanwhile, what I can tell you is that Hoseok saved my life a few years ago. I wouldn’t be here if not for him.”As curious as Seokjin was, he refrained from asking any more questions related to this throughout the rest of their meal.It was quieter on their ride back to the barracks as they simply gazed outside through the carriage’s small window. There were a lot more shifters scurrying about the streets now, carrying various supplies and decorations.  Seokjin’s brows furrowed in thought as he wondered what all that hustle was about but Min Yoongi spoke before the prince could even begin framing his question.“Two days from now marks the anniversary of the Kingdom’s establishment” The Governor explained. “Every year, the citizens celebrate the occasion for seven moons by holding various events.”“The celebrations last seven days?”“They do.” The older confirmed. “It’s why I cannot stay here longer. I’ll be leaving for the palace in a few hours but you will also be journeying with me. It will be safer for you to stay as near to the palace as possible until Hoseok, Lady Jiwoo and His Highness prince Jungkook arrive.”Seokjin gave a small nod. It’s not like he and Namjoon had any plans in particular at the moment and being closer to the palace seemed like a good idea especially if it meant being closer to not one but two people Hoseok trusted – the first being Governor Min and second, the King.“Have you heard anything from Hoseok?” The prince asked, his worry for the Jung siblings and his brother surfacing, showing in the subtle urgency of his tone.“Not yet, unfortunately” The red-haired shook his head and Seokjin lowered his own in mild disappointment. He felt a firm hand on his shoulder – the hand was unnaturally cold for some reason prompting a slight shiver from the prince. The Governor withdrew his hand after an encouraging pat. “Don’t worry too much. Hoseok’s made a promise to me, you see, “He continued with a smirk. “And if anything happens to him before he fulfills that promise then I’m going to make sure to find him and kill him myself. Besides, Claw will find him sooner or later.”Seokjin’s mouth parted but just stayed that way, not knowing how to reply to that statement. The prince huffed and instead of asking the older to enlighten him as to the true meaning behind the other’s words he just said, “That thing is literally the spawn of the devil. It never listens to anyone but Hoseok.” The thing he referred to being Hoseok’s falcon.Min Yoongi laughed. “True that, You Highness. I agree with you completely.”Seokjin loved the sound of Yoongi’s laugh. It was warm, genuine and little bit raspy. Before Seokjin knew it, he was laughing long with the older.“You can drop the formalities, Governor Min. Any friend of Hoseok’s is a friend of mine.” The prince urged the other. “Also, I’m glad you agree with me regarding the damn birdie.”“Well, Jin, that thing is a nightmare so I cannot help but agree with you.”It was definitely one of Seokjin’s best days.   ***  Seokjin wasn’t going to lie. He was definitely amused by Namjoon’s betrayed scowl when he greeted the alpha for the first time that day just moments after Seokjin parted ways with Min Yoongi; The other omega taking leave so he could get on with the arrangements for their journey to the castle.“You could have at least informed me that you were going somewhere.” The alpha’s nostrils flared. Seokjin bit his lip to suppress a chuckle.“Don’t tell me you wanted to tag along? Were you that bored, Namjoon?” he teased, making Namjoon let out an exasperated huff, the other clearly not in the mood for jokes.“You do not even know these people, Jin.” The brown-haired spoke in a frustrated tone. “I assumed you would know better than just follow them blindly.”It was Seokjin’s turn to scowl. “I do know, and besides, I think I’ve already proved that I can take care of myself if anything were to happen.” The prince stressed. “Hoseok knows these people and trusts them so by association, I trust them too. Also, Soobin and Governor Min have been really nice to me so far and that’s more than I can say about you.”Namjoon shook his head, ignoring the last part of Seokjin’s words, much to the prince’s chagrin. “I don’t even know how you can trust the General, given how many things he’s kept from you.”“Perhaps it is because I have kept just as many things from him and everyone else.” Seokjin grit out - firm in his quest to uphold Hoseok’s trustworthiness.Namjoon looked like he wanted to argue but thankfully, the man just sighed heavily and changed the topic. “So, who is this Governor Min, anyway, might I ask?”“I thought you would never.” Seokjin commented dryly receiving an un-amused look from the alpha. “He is one of the King’s chief advisors. Apparently, he came as soon as the palace received word of us being in the city so I think it is safe to assume that the King is willing to have an audience with us.”“That is good news, at least.” Namjoon looks somewhat pleased at this.“Well, yes.” The prince continues, “But that’s not all. Governor Min will be taking us to Alvah, which I’ve been told is the kingdom’s capital and the city where the palace is located. It’s a day and a half’s journey by carriage and we are expected to be ready to leave by sundown.”“That’s smart thinking.” Namjoon said with a thoughtful look. “It will be much safer than staying at the border.”“That’s what the Governor said.” Seokjin supplied and then with a teasing tone, added, “Also, do you realize that you’ve actually praised an omega just now?”Namjoon’s eyes shot wide open. “What?”“Oh, don’t be that surprised now.” The prince chuckled. “What did you expect? We are in a country that is run by omegas, after all, so of course there are going to be omegas in high positions and offices.”“Well…I guess that is only right.” The alpha said after quite some time, his eyes wondering over their surroundings. “Maybe omegas should rule every kingdom. It’s so peaceful here.”And there it was again, always taking Seokjin by surprise.  It was always like this – one minute the alpha is all harsh and condescending towards omegas and the next minute he is taking care of and helping Seokjin and accepting how an omega’s kingdom was better than those ruled by alpha kings. Ever since his talk with Seulgi, Seokjin has found himself noticing this double standard more and more. Sometimes, the prince even feels like the alpha is forcing his bad attitude on purpose - it left Seokjin utterly confused.He’d meant it to be teasing but the alpha’s serious and genuine reply plunged them into silence once more, not the comfortable kind this time or even the awkward one but just a thoughtful sort of silence where both of them pondered over their own dilemmas.     ***   Seokjin had initially wanted to accept Governor Min’s offer to ride with him in the elder’s carriage but the tiny nagging voice at the back of his mind that did not want to leave the alpha alone for the journey made him hesitate and in the end decline, opting to share the a carriage with Namjoon instead.The alpha hadn’t had the opportunity to meet the Governor face to face yet and so Namjoon had seemed a little relieved that Seokjin wouldn’t be in the presence of a practically unknown stranger yet again, despite the prince repeatedly stressing that Governor Min was someone they could trust.Their entourage was fairly small, with Governor Min occupying the first carriage and Seokjin and Namjoon the second. Choi Soobin, accompanied by four other shifters, had joined them just as Seokjin was getting into the carriage. The young alpha guard introduced the two betas as Beomgyu and Taehyun – his brothers, and the two alphas, Yeonjun and Huening Kai as his cousins on his alpha father’s side. It had turned out that Soobin was actually a year older than Seokjin and the other four one or two years younger than the prince.Yeonjun and Huening Kai had joined Seokjin and Namjoon, not actually getting inside their carriage but settling themselves at the front. Meanwhile, Soobin had left with Beomgyu and Taehyun who were apparently the Governor’s personal guards. It made Seokjin wonder where the two males had been the whole morning because weren’t personal guards supposed to be always hounding the person they are tasked with protecting?Their carriage lurched into motion all too soon, bumping over uneven land as they eventually crossed the city limits and journeyed through roads that were flanked by lush green fields on both sides despite the days being so deep into autumn. Namjoon and Seokjin made some light conversation, talking about the architecture and the views they glimpsed through the small window. Seokjin took it upon himself to describe what he’d seen in the city earlier that day, not forgetting to mention the fountain of Luna and the meaning that came with the sculptures.Namjoon had listened to his ramblings with apt attention and later Seokjin made sure to return the same kind of interest as Namjoon shared his own opinions regarding what he’s come to know about the unusual way the kingdom was run.They stopped at one of the villages along the way to have an early dinner with Seokjin briefly making his way to Min Yoongi’s carriage when he noticed the older omega making no move to exit the carriage – his meal was later delivered by Soobin while the rest of them dined inside the small establishment.The Governor had cited being too tired as his reason for remaining inside the carriage but Seokjin’s gut told him there was more to it than the older was willing to admit. Seokjin did not push, however, and left the older to his own devices.Once the sun set below the horizon and Seokjin and Namjoon were safely back inside their own carriage it didn’t take long for the prince to drift away. After his rut, Namjoon’s scent no longer carried the pungent seaweed that Jin’s omega despised and only the alpha’s natural scent of warm beaches remained, engulfing him and almost instantly lulling the prince into a deep sleep.    ***    The table was lined with so many exquisite dishes Seokjin did not know which one to taste first.He moved his hands gently, placing a small portion of each dish onto his place, all the while taking extreme care so as to not drop the clearly expensive platter made of pure, transparent crystal. He was a prince, yes, and he’s grown up surrounded by riches and expensive things but even he could tell just how valuable these brittle crystal plates were.The sound of rambunctious conversation and laughter echoed off the high, white walls of the palace’s banquet hall. Seokjin sliced off a piece of juicy meat and bit it off the fork as he surveyed the room again, not being able to take his eyes off of such beauty.The ceiling was high as was generally the case with ballrooms and banquet halls in every castle. The marble pillars were carved with beautiful designs of flowers and the gilded stucco on the ceiling borders and corners was white gold.Seokjin had noticed how everything in the room seemed to be in pale shades – mostly either white, silver, pale gold, or peach. The hall had ceiling-high arches on all four sides looking out onto the gardens beyond but currently the mesmerizing views were being blocked by pale pink and white curtains that danced with the light wind that had taken up outside.The three crystal chandeliers that hung from the ceiling shimmered and reflected what little natural sunlight reached inside the room past the silken draperies and on the table, silver vases were placed at intervals, fresh white roses smelling just divine.The only dark colors in the room seemed to be the tiles on the floor and Governor Min’s robes. The flooring was a black and white checker board, the tiles tilted at an angle such that they looked liked rhombuses instead of squares. The Governor’s coat was a very dark green, almost black, with a pattern of birds in flight embroidered into the borders with gold thread. The robes were worn over white gossamer shirt and pants that shimmered just like the crystals in the room and contrasted beautifully with the omega’s green robes and dark red hair.Min Yoongi sat at the head of the table as he ate while the rest of them sat on both sides along it. Seokjin sat to the Governor’s left while a newly arrived Hoseok sat to the older omega’s right.Hoseok was leaning in towards Yoongi, saying something under his breath but the words were too low to hear amidst the boisterous chatter of the remaining guests who were all dressed similarly in silvers and whites.Soobin and his brothers and cousins were present, not sitting and still on duty but wandering freely and picking up their share of delicacies from the assortment on the table. Jungkook sat beside his mate, Jiwoo who was on Hoseok’s other side. Just beside Seokjin sat Jimin, eyes turned to crescents as he laughed at something the man on his other side had said.Seokjin watched as attendants wandered into the hall with jugs of wine on silver trays and started pouring the red alcohol into crystal chalices that were by each guest’s plate. Everyone was too busy eating or chatting to mind the wine for now but he watched as the Governor raised his cup to his mouth, only to stop mid-way as he turned to listen to something else Hoseok had started recounting. The prince felt his eyes shift away from his best friend and noticed the attendant who’d lingered just behind the Governor. For some weird, unexplainable reason Seokjin did not like the look in the attendant’s eyes – it felt wrong and malicious.He tore his eyes away, wanting to point it out to Namjoon…Where was the alpha, anyway?Wait…the Jung siblings and Jungkook were here, but when exactly had they arrived? Seokjin felt like a bit of his memory was missing. The prince scratched the back of his head, trying to remember his reunion with the trio. Surely he wouldn’t forget the long-awaited moment of reunion with his best friend and his brother, who was now mated, so easily. Wait…when did Jungkook and Jiwoo get mated? Seokjin didn’t remember hearing anything about that.Slightly confused, he slowly dragged his hand down from the back of his hand but a cold sensation against his skin prompted him to take a look at his fingers. There was an unfamiliar ring on the index finger of his right hand. It wasn’t really unfamiliar, though. He’s seen it before – it belonged to Namjoon.Seokjin stared at the ring numbly, eyes slowly shifting to look at his fingers – not his crooked ones but long, straight ones. Fingers that did not belong to the prince.He felt a gaze on him and looked down along the table only to lock eyes with the man who’d been sitting beside Jimin. Seokjin did not have any recollection of ever seeing the man before.The prince could not pinpoint any of the shifters features except his eyes, which glowed a bright omega blue – bluer and colder than any Seokjin’s seen before. The cold eyes stared into his, swirling with images Seokjin could not make out.“Namjoon?” he heard the Governor’s voice call from the other side and with much difficulty tore his eyes away from the other omega, hoping to finally see the alpha he’d been looking for.Instead, he saw Governor Min looking straight at him. The older omega was smiling as he raised his chalice in a toast to him and moved the cup to his lips.Seokjin saw that the Governor’s eyes were also blue and then he realized his own were too, his vision tinged. But at the same time, the prince also realized that Namjoon wasn’t the one absent from the banquet. The one unaccounted for was the prince himself, watching the events unfold through Namjoon’s eyes but without actually being physically present in the room.All of it wasn’t real.He turned to look at the omega with the cold eyes and then to Yoongi who had finally taken a sip of his wine. The attendant behind the elder laughed, Seokjin froze as the Governor’s eyes started to turn red, he watched as the elder’s mouth parted to drip wine-colored blood onto the spotless white tablecloth.Seokjin heard screams but he couldn’t move, he felt floaty and disoriented as he turned to meet those cold blue eyes for the final time.  ***  “…-in, Jin!” someone was shaking him, not too rough but not exactly gentle either. He could sense that the other person was agitated. “SEOKJIN!”“Ah!?” the prince’s eyes shot open, that light feeling of floaty-ness still lingering strongly. “Wait…what? Namjoon? Heck, why are you shouting in my ear?” Seokjin mumbled as he pushed the alpha away from him and squirmed in his seat so he could sit up properly. Both he and Namjoon were still in the carriage and it was still moving. “Oh, wow. Holy fucking Luna…”“Holy fu- Jin why the hell are you cussing first thing after you wake up? What’s wrong? You were tossing so much, it was like you were -““Having a really bad dream, yes.” The prince managed as he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and tried to focus. He waved off the alpha’s questions and inquisitive gaze as he pulled back the curtain on the door and cracked it open slightly. “Yeonjun?”The young alpha’s head popped to the side of the carriage. “What is it, Your Highness?” he smiled mischievously, knowing full well that Seokjin would reprimand him for using the title when he’d already particularly stressed to all of their companions to address him simply as ‘Jin’. His expression turned serious, however, as the reprimand never came and the alpha noticed the slightly ruffled look on Seokjin’s face. “Is there something wrong?”“Um…not exactly,” the prince shook his head. Everyone was calm so he was sure that nothing bad had happened while he had been asleep but there was a nagging feeling that he had to satisfy before he could relax. “Uh…could you do me a favor and check on the Governor?”Yeonjun looked like he wanted to ask question but the slightly pleading look in Seokjin’s eyes must have held him back. The alpha shot him a brisk nod and turned to face forward as he called loudly for Soobin who rode the General’s carriage just a small distance in front of their own carriage.“Jin?” the tentative voice called and Seokjin once again leaned his head outside to look at Yeonjun, all the while feeling Namjoon’s eyes on him. “Soobin checked and Lord Min is just fine.”“Thank you.” The prince sent him a faint smile and pulled the door shut before the young alpha could start asking questions. However, there was another, older alpha inside with him, who also had his own share of inquiries.“What was that all about?”Seokjin shook his head. “Just a bad dream.” He said again.Seokjin hoped it was just that – a bad dream and nothing else, not some unlucky omen hinting at danger.   ***     With only their brief stop for dinner to delay them their entourage made good time, arriving at Alvah several hours earlier than had been initially expected.Seokjin’s new omega acquaintance wasted no time in returning to the palace, the Governor leaving behind only a simple letter for Seokjin and the two alphas, Yeonjun and Huening Kai, to serve as their guard. After a few moments of bickering amongst themselves, much to the prince’s amusement, the two young guards decided that Yeonjun would tag along with Seokjin while Namjoon ended up being Huening Kai’s responsibility, the elder alpha looking displeased and muttering all the while about how he did not need a guard. Seokjin had a hard time suppressing the laugh that threatened to burst out of him at Namjoon’s scowl when Huening Kai had reassured the elder that he wasn’t there to guard Namjoon but instead guard the other citizens against the older alpha.The prince did not know what to make of it, but true to his dream, the city was bathed in blinding whites and pale peaches, so bright and spotless as though the paint had been freshly re-applied just recently. On one hand he was extremely taken with the purity and beauty of it all but some part of him felt a tiny bit of unease at just how much resemblance it all bore to his dream.With instructions for Huening Kai to relay a small message to Namjoon regarding his whereabouts when the elder alpha would awake from his nap Seokjin, flanked by Yeonjun, proceeded to explore.The enormous mansion they were assigned to was originally meant for emissaries from Seokjin’s own kingdom and the prince finally, if not extremely belatedly, recollected that the Lupa Kim Clan’s emissary to the Pale King’s realm for the first year that the new king took over the country was none other than his best friend and General, Jung Hoseok.  The guards’ familiar attitude towards anything that concerned Hoseok and the alpha’s warm cinnamon scent that lingered faintly inside the room that had been designated as an office only cemented the fact that Hoseok spent an ample amount of time at the mansion, and in the kingdom in general. Although, it made Seokjin wonder. It had already been several years since his friend had been relieved of the emissary position but his scent indicated his recent presence in the mansion. Has Hoseok been visiting the Pale King's Realm even after being appointed as the Lupa Kim's General? If so, then why?“How well exactly do you know Hoseokie?”  Seokjin queried the young alpha, knowing full well he wouldn’t get much out of him but still, he had to at least try right?“The General? Hm…” the shifter hummed in faux thought, a small smirk evident on his lips. “More than I would ever like to, You- I mean, Jin.”“That’s not really helpful, you know.” The alpha just laughed good naturedly at Seokjin’s failed attempt of getting more information out of him. “What else is there to do around here that’s not awfully boring?” he asked once he had successfully finished surveying the sparsely furnished and barely lived in mansion. It was perplexing, in a way, since Seokjin knows Hoseok just loves to make any space he spends a considerable amount of time in his own, usually by adding bright aesthetics and various silly looking trinkets he would buy at the markets during his travels.“Mhm, I don’t know if it will be something you are interested in, but there is a training arena two streets down from here. It shouldn’t take us much time to get there and it’s relatively safe, seeing as there will be several city guards and soldiers-in-training in the vicinity.”An idea popped into the prince’s mind. It had been quite a while since he got in any exercise, and no, running through the woods in either his human or wolf form did not count. “Would anyone mind if I used the training equipment?” he asked the younger, eagerly anticipating a positive answer. To his luck it was, indeed, to his favor.“Of  course not.” The alpha looked at him with a curious sparkle in his eyes. “You are certainly welcome to use anything, as long as you don’t try to kill anyone.” He said the last part on a laugh, prompting the prince to roll his eyes as the two of them exited the mansion.Just as Yeonjun had said, it didn’t take them long to reach their destination. The alpha swung his legs over the waist-high wall surrounding the arena and unlocked the small metal gate for Seokjin which had been bolted shut from the inside.Many eyes turned to look at the two as they made their way across the dusty grounds, some clueless but curious, others probably already aware of Seokjin’s identity. Seokjin sniffed the air, trying to gauge the dynamic of the shifters closes to their path. He was surprised when his nose registered only one of the shifters as an omega.“I was assuming there would be more omegas at the training grounds, considering this is a country where ninety percent of the population are omegas, no?” he raised a brow, side-eyeing his companion.“It’s reasonable you would think that but no.” The younger replied as he led Seokjin over to a tall rack with a wooden bench in front of it where the prince could make out several kinds of weapons, ranging from small daggers and evidently heavy broadswords to deadly looking maces, sharp lances and crossbows. “Most omegas that come here are looking for protection, safety. Just because our king is a warrior that does not mean every other omega living here is.” He explains.“Then what about during times of war? I know that there’s been no threat to the kingdom since the current king took over but now things are different, aren’t they?” Seokjin asked. “Who will fight should the Royals launch an attack?”“Around half of the omegan population are mated, so their alpha or beta mates would be the ones to go to war if it ever does come to that. There are also unmated alphas and betas like me and my brothers and cousins.” Yeonjun further states, “Those of us like my family and myself were granted refuge and sanctuary by the king in return for our loyalty and willingness to fight should a war ever threaten the kingdom’s peace.”“So… the omegas don’t actually train or fight?” Seokjin wondered, his mood becoming a bit damped at the possibility. He had been quite eager to meet more omegas proficient in combat and maybe learn a thing or two from them. Thankfully, Yeonjun refuted the prince’s assumption with a shake of his head.“They do train in combat, just not all of them is all.” Seokjin responded with a small nod, mind wandering as he perused the vast array of weapons displayed before him. “Do you already have in mind a weapon you would perhaps like to learn using? I could guide you if you’re amenable.”“Um…actually, “ Seokjin began with a glint in his eyes as he spotted the set of weapons he’d been looking for, “I was thinking I could maybe practice something I’m already familiar with.” He said, lifting a large wooden bow and weighing it in his hand. He deemed it too heavy and placed back, trying another one as he glanced over his shoulder only to be greeted by the younger’s mildly perplexed expression. “What?” he enquired on a bark of amused laughter.“Nothing!” Yeonjun exclaimed as he hurriedly tried to school his features to normal. “Just…the Lupa Kim’s rules regarding omega education seem much more lenient than what I’ve been made aware of in the past.”“Oh! They aren’t, I assure you. “ he smacked his lips, tongue clicking n displeasure at the thought of all the arrogant alphas in the palace. “The advisors on my father’s council were all old-fashioned boorish men who probably had too much fun throughout the years as they watched me being restricted and confined in the palace. Only I never was, at least not to their knowledge. I was particularly good at sneaking around in general and in sneaking out of the palace, in particular.” The prince stated smugly. “I would watch the knights and guards train, would then steal weapons from the armory and sneak into the woods to practice after the so called ‘omega education lessons’ were done for the day.”At the prolonged silence, another bow in hand, Seokjin turned to face the younger who was scrutinizing him as though he were some exotic specimen. He waved a hand in front of the alpha’s face, pulling him back to the present.“Surprisingly, you are a lot like the Pale King.” At a quirked brow, the younger added, “In your spirit and ideals, I mean. The two of you look nothing alike.”“I’m guessing that’s a compliment since all of you think so highly of the King.”“It is.” The alpha confirmed. “We do.”“Mhm…”Once again sensing that the younger would not be willing to elaborate on this supposed likeness between the Omega King and himself, with a sigh Seokjin diverted his attention back to his previous task of choosing an appropriate bow. He picked each one up, weighed it in the palm of his hand, pulled on the taut string to gauge the tightness of it and how much force he would have to use to pull it back.He found the right one when there were only three more bows that he hadn’t tried yet. It was made of a dark, polished wood and had a grip of white gold. The tautness of the string was just right and the weight felt comfortable in his hand.“This one.” He smiled, showing off his chosen bow and with a nod the alpha handed him a quiver made of a thick leather material with exactly eight arrows in it.As he was led towards the other side of the arena where the targets stood against a wall, Seokjin noticed that the betas and alphas around them, those who had been either practicing on their own or sparring in pairs alike, stopped what they were doing and moved to crowd a few paces behind him.“Take it easy.” The younger mumbled before moving to join the small crowd that had gathered. It made Seokjin a little nervous – it had been quite a long while since he’d last held a bow and he did not want to embarrass himself in front of these alphas and betas. He sniffed the air subtly, searching for the single omega he’d seen earlier. The tall woman stood at the edge of the crowd and upon meeting the prince’s gaze sent him an almost imperceptible nod of encouragement.The prince blinked his eyes slowly, his head inclining just barely as he mentally thanked the unknown omega before turning to face the targets. He took in a deep breath, exhaling slowly as he widened the gap between his feet and checked his stance. The distance between him and the target confirmed to the general practice standards – around seventy meters.He checked the string one last time and reached his right hand behind him to grab an arrow from the quiver he’d slung over his shoulder earlier.A breath. He raised the bow and notched the arrow. Another breath. He aimed, pulled and shot at the target. The arrow missed the circular target by a wide berth. He heard some of the alphas snort behind him and Yeonjun growl lowly in reproach. Hm…so even alphas living in a kingdom ruled by omegas had a superiority complex. Rather disappointing.Seokjin momentarily laid his bow and quiver onto the high wooden table that stood a few steps to the side of where he was. He adjusted his loose robe, tying it at the waist before once again picking up the weapon.The prince repeated the steps, rolling his shoulders a little so as to not strain them too much. He closed his eyes and tried to remember all his practice sessions. The woods, tall trees, the blinding sun that shone over the clearing he always practiced in, the occasional bird that would perch on a branch and be his sole audience member. The direction of the wind.He breathed, his ears hearing the direction of the wind by the way the leaves on the trees around the arena rustled. His skin felt the temperature of the air that flowed by, goose bumps rising on the skin of his arms both from pure anticipation and from how chilly the wind actually was. The Pale King’s Realm was so much further north than the Lupa Kim Clan’s territory.Seokjin had always craved for an opportunity to prove himself to alphas and now, for once, he had that opportunity and a sizable audience, some of which were perhaps already thinking to lightly of his skill with the bow, or any other weapon for that matter. It wasn’t like the prince was proficient in any other weapon of war anyway but the bow – that one he could handle with his eyes closed. Archery was something Seokjin prided himself in.His eyes were still closed. The smell of dense forest from his practice grounds was now replaced by a much milder one since there were fewer trees around. The fragrance of wet dirt was also no longer there, the air up north dry and chilly.He could hear a few exasperated sounding murmurs from behind. Seokjin paid no heed to them as he took yet another breath and opened his eyes. His nose registered a ripple in the air, the scent of a new arrival at the arena. Seokjin’s chest felt warm as he aimed and finally let the arrow fly. It sailed through the air, wobbling so slightly that it was almost invisible to the untrained eye. The arrow hit the target right in the center - a perfect bullseye. “Nice!” Yeonjun’s chipper voice carried across the negligible distance separating them and Seokjin smiled as he notched another arrow. He let it fly, the warmth in his chest still present as it struck the target right beside the first one and he heard the sole omega in the crowd shout out an amicable cheer.The warmth spread, salt and beach invading his senses as his practiced hands went on automatic. Take an arrow, breath, aim, let loose. He shot each arrow with impeccable precision, each one getting stuck as near to the center as possible. He could feel the apparent change in emotions of the crowd – surprised, impressed, proud. There was another emotion too, something he couldn’t properly pick up on in his focused state.He reached his hand for the quiver, finding only the last arrow there – the eighth one.  The center of the target circle was so congested, barely any space for the last arrow to embed into. Seokjin smirked to himself, already knowing a perfect solution to the space problem. He raised the bow, grip tight, and notched the last arrow. This time when the prince let his arrow fly his eyes were closed.He opened his eyes, the arrow was nowhere in sight and confusion spread among the crowd. He placed the bow and now empty quiver on the table and confidently sashayed towards the target, jumping over the low wall behind it to pull the arrow that had embedded itself into the trunk of a tree that stood directly behind the target circle. On the way back to the crowd, arrow in hand, he made sure to detach and bring the practice target as well.Seokjin raised the target as he neared the crowd and Yeonjun’s eyes widened in realization. The arrow had gone straight through the middle, carving a hole at the centre of the middle-most ring. He heard an appreciative whistle and turned towards the other omega who winked at him, clearly impressed.He hadn’t done anything too grand or magnificent of or any real importance. He hadn’t become king yet and hadn’t won the war against Royals. But despite everything, he had proved himself to be as capable as any alpha with a weapon and it felt really good to strike off one item off his wish list.The beach was still there and it distracted him. He turned to look to the side and saw Namjoon rooted to the spot, his eyes locking with Seokjin’s immediately.Seokjin tilted his head, watching as the alpha watched him back. They just stared and kept straight for some reason – the two of them in their own little bubble of sorts.That is, until Yeonjun came bounding over and slapped him appreciatively on the shoulder, screeching in the prince’s ear about how cool his ending stunt had been.The bubble was broken as Namjoon finally turned away.   ***   “Jin?” A knock against the door had him hastily put on his night robe. He had just gotten out of the bath.“Yes, Yeonjun?”“Um…are you decent? May I come in?”“It’s alright.” He called through the closed door and immediately it creaked open to reveal the young alpha who was carrying something in his hands. “And even if I wasn’t decent it wouldn’t matter much. We’re shifters. Until a few decades ago our kind used to walk around naked.”Yeonjun snorted derisively, not fond of the reference used. “Still, it’s not the barbaric age anymore and you are an omega – a crown prince, a future king – and I’m an alpha. You may be fine with it since you don’t deem me a threat but what if it’s someone who just wants to have their way with a beautiful omega.”The prince had a smug look on his face. “Yeonjun, dear, a few weeks ago I used my teeth to rip into shreds three out of a group of rogues who, as you just put it so nicely, wanted to have their way with me  before selling me off on at the slave market.”“Ah…right.” The alpha smacked his lips together. “I keep forgetting stuff.”“Well, I did not forget how you called me beautiful just now.” The prince said in a teasing tone.The alpha rolled his eyes as he placed a delicately folded assortment of black garments on the bed. “It was a figure of speech. I was just describing a possible scenario.” The alpha mumbled but Seokjin did not miss the faint blush on the younger’s cheeks. Cute. “Besides, I’m drawn to omegas that are older than me at least by a few years. Makes them wiser, less silly.”“Oh!” He hadn’t expected the alpha to say all that but it was nice to have some friendly banter for once. “Mhm…so, your King is older, and as you pointed out on several occasions, he is very beautiful and wise. Are you perhaps in love with your King? “ he gasped dramatically for effect.Yeonjun looked downright scandalized. “Goodness, no!” he sputtered with his eyes wide. “Don’t say that. His Majesty has an intended mate already.” The alpha spoke in a flurry, his eyes bulging out as he evidently slipped in something he wasn’t supposed to say.The prince’s eyes narrowed for a brief instant at yet another sliver of information about the omega King but he did not press because the room was starting to smell faintly of distressed alpha.“It’s okay, I won’t tell a soul. I’m the best at keeping secrets, you know.” He tried to pacify the younger who, thankfully, relaxed a bit. Seokjin chuckled lightly and then directed his attention to the clothes. “So, what are these?”“It is tradition to wear black clothing after sun down during the seven days we celebrate the kingdom’s establishment anniversary.” The alpha explained, slowly gaining back his usual composure.“Mhm…It’s very unexpected.” Seokjin mused, unfolding the garment and letting it fall to its full length as he inspected it. “Almost everything here is either white or similar pale shades. So pure…and then you wear black for such an important celebration?”“It is said that our King wasn’t exactly in complete control of his wolf when he killed the previous king and his court.” The dark-haired boy smiled softly, a little bit of sadness in his voice. “The Pale King has always said that even the purest of souls could turn evil under the wrong kind of pressure. His Majesty makes us wear black during the festival to remind us just how easy it is to stray towards the wrong path. For the white to turn pitch black.”“That’s sort of morbid, but sadly also incredibly true.”The alpha simply nodded. “The clothes are a gift from Governor Min. I also took it upon myself to get a set for Sir Kim.”“Thank you, Yeonjun. I greatly appreciate it.” Honestly, he felt a little smug about how he was the only one who received a special set of garments from the Governor who clearly knew of the prince’s companion and yet chose to delegate the task of selecting the alpha’s clothes to his guard.   ***   Seokjin was lost for words.Back home, his usual clothes would mostly be of light pastel shades while the clothes prepared for special occasions would mostly be deep sapphires, emeralds or maroons. He’s never worn something completely black.Black pearls to accent his pale neck? He had plenty. Black satin belts to bring some contrast to his paler wardrobe, black boots that ended just beneath his knees, black embroidery on his robes.But never has he worn something black from head to toe. The pitch black material was smooth and silky, the shirt, pants and robe entirely black except for a thin design in gold thread at the hem of the pant legs and the borders of the robe. The robe did not have an attached sash and instead came with a separate belt of a much thicker material with a gold buckle in the shape of a rose blossom. He had found a small pouch among the folds of the robe and inside it were a thin, black choker and dangling gold earrings that he was now adorned with.Seokjin studied his reflection in the full length mirror that hung against a wall in his room at the mansion. He turned slowly – left, right, a full twirl on the balls of his feet. He tightened his belt to emphasize his narrow waist and pressed his fingers along the cloth of the chocker around his neck to soften out any creases. The garments were simple yet also perfect. The earrings were like the crystal chandeliers from his dream – sparkling and reflecting the light. His skin looked brighter and the kohl smudged lightly around his eyes made them look deeper, more interesting.He made a mental note to shower the Governor with praise and gifts because he absolutely adored the way he looked. He appeared older, more mature, regal – not just a pretty prince in overtly extravagant clothes.Excited for the festivities of the night, Seokjin hurried to the lower floor of the mansion where he was greeted by both Yeonjun and Huening Kai, both of whom complimented the Governors impeccable taste in clothes, Seokjin’s own appearance in them and the added accent of the kohl that had been entirely the prince’s idea of something extra.To say that he froze upon seeing Namjoon descending the steps in a similar looking black ensemble would be an understatement. Seokjin froze, his brain froze, his eyes were unblinking, his breath non-existent for an instant. He’s known and accepted the fact that Namjoon was handsome since the first time he saw him all those years ago at Jungkook’s presentation ball but right then, clad in all black with his sword in a black scabbard that hung on a belt from his hips and a silver hoop earring in his left year Namjoon looked dangerous. Not the normal dangerous but a different kind that made his omega scramble for purchase – figuratively, of course, since the prince thankfully managed to control both his inner wolf and his composure.The only thing that softened the explosive impact of his reaction to Namjoon was the fact that the alpha was staring at him with the same kind of expression.Seokjin recovered first upon a badly muffled snicker reaching his ears, the culprit of course, being none other than the brat alpha Yeonjun. The younger’s rapid shifts between playful and serious were greatly reminiscent of Jungkook and as their group of four stepped into the streets of Alvah, Seokjin wished his brother and two closest friends were here with him to share the splendid fairytale land the city had turned into in a mere few hours that it took Seokjin to bathe and get dressed.He could almost hear the thrum of the strings and vibration of the stretched fabric over drums as soft yet jovial music filled the air. Small oil lamps were placed on each window sill, tiny flames seeming to be almost dancing to the melody produced by the instruments. Glowing lanterns hung from several tree branches and hooks in the stone walls of the houses.Seokjin noticed a few fruit faeries among the milling crowd, their dresses in bright hues and barely reaching the waist of adult shifters as they bounced around the streets, sparkling and glittery powder falling to the ground in their wake.A couple betas who turned out to be Yeonjun’s and Huening Kai’s friends approached them after a while and after much insistence on the prince’s part that having Namjoon around was enough protection, the four friends wandered away, leaving Seokjin and Namjoon to explore the brightly lit city on their own.Besides the extensive light and fire themed decorations, the rest of the festival events resembled those of the Midnight Festival. There was music, dance, games, a performance troupe that was a mix of wood nymphs and shifters and of course, an abundance of stalls selling snacks.In his haste to see everything there was to see and taste every delicacy there was to eat, the prince did not even register how his hand automatically wrapped around one of Namjoon’s wrists as he pulled and dragged him up and down the streets.Seokjin clapped excitedly as he watched the troupe walk on tight ropes, swallow swords and do cartwheels in the air. At the back of his mind he was wondering where so many of the Woodland faeries had appeared from all of a sudden, especially after he and Namjoon had been witness to the empty and lifeless stretch upon stretch of the whispering woods.“Holy Luna!” the prince clutched at his chest. “Namjoon, you simply have to try this. It’s absolutely divine!” the prince exclaimed as he pushed a morsel of a local sweet he had just procured into the alpha’s hands. Namjoon scowled visibly, but acquiesced and took a bite of the sweet, eyes widening just fractionally because it was just so good.The prince’s over excitement died down a notch as the time for prayer approached and all the shifters gathered in the city square to conduct a prayer for the Luna. Faint whispers and murmurings passed through the crowd of praying shifters as the faeries, pixies and elves lingered at the edges and corners of the square, serenely gazing at the moon, though not praying themselves.  The band moved to the square after the prayer was done with and a slow melody that held just a hint of sensuality to it engulfed the night. Mates, couples and even those who looked nothing more than friends took to the cobblestones in an equally slow dance to match the music. Seokjin felt his body sway slightly to the soft tune.At one side of the square was a long table where alcohol laced punch and wine were served to adults and colorful berry juice to teens and pups.A young boy was sipping red juice from a transparent glass when a girl, presumably the boy’s friend, crept up behind him sneakily and pounced onto his back. The young boy who was too far from the prince for Seokjin to be able to distinguish his dynamic unceremoniously chocked on his drink and coughed it up, the red juice spilling out his lips and down his chin and neck, staining both his skin and clothes.Seokjin’s smile slipped from his face as another image came to his mind, vivid and unpleasant.Red hair, pale skin, red poison in the form of wine. Red eyes, Red against white cloth. Screams. Startling blue eyes.He was distantly aware of Namjoon coming up beside him but a spark of bright blue to the side caught his eye and jerked his head to the side in order to find the source. There, on the other side of the enormous square, stood a hooded figure ensconced and almost hidden in the shadows cast by the houses adjacent the square. Seokjin couldn’t see anything except the eyes – blue eyes. These eyes were not cold though, not like the ones from his dream. Unconsciously, a sob was trying to tear its way out of the confines of the prince’s throat.“Jin? Seokjin?” He turned at the sound of the alpha’s voice. “Hey…” Namjoon looked unsure, but not scared unsure – a sheepish, bashful almost embarrassed unsure. Seokjin briefly turned back to find the blue eyes gone along with the hooded figure. “Um…” Namjoon’s voice drew him back, “Would you care to dance, Your Highness?” the alpha’s hand was extended palm up towards him in invitation.Yes, Seokjin would love to dance today even if it was with Namjoon, even if he would have despised the mere idea of dancing with Namjoon in the past. He didn’t despise it now, though.But…
  May I have this dance, My Prince?

  Ah! I apologize, Your Highness. My name is-
In the end, he never did get the alpha’s name, did he? Was the nameless alpha even alive? Had he survived the massacre at the palace?
  Whoosh, arrow, dead, Namjoon, run, enemy.
The panic welled within and Seokjin’s knees gave out as he fell to his knees, a quiet but wretched sob spilling past his bitten lips.
  Red, red, red…ice blue…dead-
“Hey-“ Warmth. “Seokjin, it’s alright, everything is alright. Come back to me, yeah? “Seokjin felt large warm hands on his back; long arms wound around his torso that spoke of protection and safety; breezy sea and warm sand that spoke of comfort and serenity. Another involuntary sob escaped him as he clutched at the dark sleeves of the alpha’s robe.“Shhh…you are safe, Your Highness. You are safe, Jin.” A soothing voice droned repetitively, warm hands rubbing circles into his back until the prince’s breathing slowed and his composure returned.“I-I’m alright now…thank you.” He spoke softly as he detached himself from the cage of Namjoon’s arms.Namjoon drew back and studied the prince with an intense gaze that was almost too much for Seokjin to bare in his still slightly disoriented state. Were the events finally catching up with him? Is that why he had almost had a panic attack at the memory of what happened at the palace? He’s taught about it before but he’d never panicked, even at the death of his father.Was it because of the dream? Or because of the blue eyes he had glimpsed just briefly tonight?“Are you with me, Jin?” one of the alpha’s hands gently cupped the side of his face, thumb stroking his cheek.The people around him were too immersed in the festivities, the music had at some point changed into something fun and wild. No one paid the two of them too much attention, save a few curious glances here and there.Seokjin focused on Namjoon. The alpha was crouched before him, knees on the cobblestone below as he sat back on his haunches. His eyes roamed the prince’s face with worry. His scent had engulfed them both in a cocoon of placating and comforting pheromones. The prince’s vision in his right eye blurred and he felt wetness on his cheek as a tear rolled down his skin only to be gently swiped away by Namjoon’s thumb.“I’m here.” Seokjin whispered and Namjoon smiled softly. Everything about the alpha was soft – the warmth of his hands on Seokjin’s back and the side of his face, the familiar scent that he was giving off, the smile on his lips, the adoring look in his eyes…Seokjin blinked.Namjoon’s eyes were red. They were red and Seokjin stared straight into them but he wasn’t afraid, not even a little intimidated.The red of his eyes wasn’t the red of an alpha in anger, the red of aggressive frenzy.It was a distinct type of red a shifter’s eyes only turned when an alpha’s wolf found their mate. ***      
  
    Chapter Text
    When Seokjin woke up on the day of Jungkook’s wedding, he did not, in the least, expect the events of the day to unfold the way they did.The kingdom had always been on the more peaceful side; Seokjin’s mother, the late Queen, had never liked the wars and bloodshed and the King had always valued the opinions of his mate, so by extension, that dislike for war was always reflected in the various decisions taken up by the King. Even on the verge of a war breaking out, the King would always find one way or another to settle the disputes without violence. Sometimes, it would involve surrendering some of their kingdom’s territory as a peace offering to the antagonistic party which would cause the council to judge the King, often calling His Majesty a pushover behind his back. The King had never cared though, as long as his family and citizens were content – to him, the happiness of the people has always mattered more than the opinions of a handful of old men on the council who only craved personal gain.There have always been small battles and skirmishes, especially with the Royals of the Fey Land and the wolves of the Yellow Kingdom. There had never been a situation in which the Kingdom’s existence had been threatened, though. Hence, it had never even crossed the Crown Prince’s mind that he could lose his father so early on in his life, considering that the King has always been in good health too.Having his father die right before his eyes, ending up becoming separated from Jungkook – his only living family - and being ousted from his own home wasn’t how Seokjin imagined his life would turn out.Something else the prince had never considered was the fact that in the days that followed, the only person he could rely on would be someone he could barely stand being in the same space with. He would have also never been able to anticipate that he would actually find himself sympathizing with the alpha or that their wolves would be so compatible with each other.But the most difficult thing to imagine happening would be the occurrence of their current predicament.
  Namjoon’s alpha had officially recognized Seokjin’s omega as its mate.
The prince had known for a while now – the extreme compatibility between their wolves, all starting with his reaction to Namjoon’s comforting real scent that seemed to constantly put Seokjin’s omega on edge, especially since after Namjoon’s rut, when the pungent scent of seaweed disappeared completely, giving way to the alpha’s true scent. Seokjin had been perplexed at first but then he had time to think during the extent of the rut. It was extremely rare, but not unheard of – there were special brews that worked much like the prince’s own suppressors, but instead of waning a shifter’s scent, their purpose was to modify it. To the extent of the prince’s knowledge, Namjoon’s court assignments often included missions where stealth was of high importance and Seokjin’s seen the vials the alpha carried around. It was the most logical conclusion, therefore, that Namjoon had been using scent modifiers.However, compatibility itself would never be the sole factor when considering a mate. It was just the first step in the process – compatibility between wolves, compatibility of scents, feelings and emotions, courting and only then mating.For a wolf to accept another as its mate, at least the first three would have to be fulfilled. And this was what confused Seokjin, because, since when did they have positive feelings between them, much less something with a semblance to romantic ones? Sure, the prince was coming to understand the origins of the alpha’s attitude better but he’s always been of the opinion that Namjoon, if not hated, then at least strongly disliked him.The prince tried to focus on the alpha crouched before him, his hand still placed gently over Seokjin’s cheek as his eyes wandered over the younger’s features. Was he even aware of what was happening?“Namjoon?” he called, hoping to draw out the other’s human side.“Y-Yes? What is it?” The alpha’s voice was a little hoarse, as though his throat was constricted. The words sounded distant, like they weren’t spoken with consciousness.“Your eyes are red.”“Oh?” Namjoon blinked and a split second later the red started ebbing away. Seokjin could literally point out the exact instant Namjoon was back in control. “Oh…sorry.”  Namjoon tensed and turned to the side – away from the prince’s direct, scrutinizing gaze. He must have comprehended the situation at hand because the alpha’s scent changed, turning bitter and practically swimming in apprehension. “Sorry.” He mumbled again, still not looking at Seokjin. However, Namjoon did not look as befuddled as Seokjin was.To the prince, something about the reaction felt incredibly off.A question was beginning to form in the depths of his mind, the logical part of Seokjin’s brain working overtime to connect the different bits he had. The prince thought back on all their moments together, how Namjoon was always verbally harsh but never actually did him any harm, instead putting his life on the line to protect Seokjin. When Hoseok had put Seokjin’s hand in his, Namjoon could have simply refused, asked the General to take care of the prince himself. But no, besides often using hurtful, derogatory language, Namjoon hadn’t once voiced any complaints about having to protect him.Jin thought back to all the small kindnesses. He recalled Namjoon giving away part of the day’s ration to the prince during those first days in the forest when they had limited supplies. Sometimes, Seokjin would wake up in the mornings tucked in under Namjoon’s robe, the alpha sleeping a distance away and shivering slightly from the cold.The large, outstretched hand that would always be there to steady him or pull him up whenever Seokjin tripped or fell; The protective stance the alpha had taken the day of their encounter with the group of rogues – the way Namjoon had put Seokjin’s safety first before his own.Seokjin had thought that he was just doing his duty, following an order because it was from Hoseok - someone of higher rank. But…“This has happened before, hasn’t it?” the omega said finally; A statement rather than a question. The alpha was quiet as his body went still for a brief moment. “Namjoon, talk to me, please?”The elder’s shoulders slumped, drawing a little inwards as Seokjin felt the alpha’s internal discord, felt him struggle to form words and then give up. Three simple words slipped almost soundlessly from the alpha’s mouth, hesitantly.“Yes, it has.”Seokjin’s eyes went wide. He recalled what all he’s read in books about this – how difficult it is to control your wolf in the presence of one’s chosen mate unless both the human and canine sides are completely in tune with each other. Looking back to the time when the prince had been in love with Hoseok, Seokjin remembered just how exhausting it had been on him – to have his wolf, his heart and his mind all wanting three different things. He can’t even begin to imagine the amount of mental strength Namjoon must have and the amount of stress he must have constantly been under in order to not let his wolf reign.A lesser alpha might have already claimed the omega in question by now and the fact that Namjoon had managed to control his instincts for so long made the prince’s respect for the alpha’s determination and sheer willpower soar. But…for how long has this been going on? When exactly had the alpha realized that their wolves had bonded and why had Seokjin himself not experienced the phenomenon yet? Or is it that he had experienced it but just not recognized it for what it was?“How long?” Seokjin questioned, still not sure what this meant for the both of them. “W-When was t-the first time?”Namjoon finally turned to face him, looking unsure and defeated. It was incredibly startling – to see such an insecure expression on the face of a man who’s never been anything but confident.Wait…that was wrong, was it not?Namjoon did not look confident when Hoseok delegated to him the task of protecting the Crown prince. Namjoon did not look confident when he chose to stay back and urged the prince to run away and save himself from the rogues. The alpha wasn’t his usual sure self when Seokjin watched him converse with Chanyeol.The alpha’s silence only cemented Seokjin’s assumption that Namjoon had already known about it for a considerable amount of time. But in the end, this revelation did not manage to prepare him for what the alpha said next.“It was the day I first met you, Your Highness.”    ***   They kept quiet while on the way back to the mansion. This time the silence was heavy and overbearing.Namjoon kept a slight distance between them, walking a few paces behind the prince but still unwilling to let Seokjin out of his sight so soon after the younger had had a panic attack – even if it had been a very mild one.The bitterness of Namjoon’s scent had started to attract curious glances from the townsfolk in the square and the questioning stares were becoming rather unnerving so they had wordlessly decided to head back, not even stopping to look for Yeonjun and Huening Kai. Their problems were theirs alone and there was no need to spoil the younger alphas’ fun.The doors closed behind them with a screeching creak as they entered the mansion and proceeded to the living area; Neither left for their own rooms - both of them just standing in place, the only audible noise in the room being the faint crackle of the burning torches and their shallow breathing.“I’m sorry.”Seokjin whirled around, brows furrowing as he examined Namjoon’s expression - or what he could see of it in the dimly lit room; some of the torches must have burned out.“This is the third time now.” Seokjin stated. “Why have you been apologizing?”“I don’t know myself, to be honest.” Namjoon shrugged, a hand going to rub at the nape of his neck. “But probably for making you uncomfortable.”“I’m…not uncomfortable, though. “ Seokjin said, surprising not only himself but also Namjoon who looked at him incredulously. “Perhaps somewhat astounded but that is all.”“You are not making any sense to me right now.” The alpha sighed. “I was almost ready for you to start screaming at me about how much you hate me and how my wolf’s bond with yours disgusts you-““What?!” Gee…maybe his outburst back at the Moon village had much more of an effect on the alpha than Seokjin had originally thought. “You cannot be serious, Namjoon. I may not exactly like you or some of your opinions but I am an open minded person. There is absolutely no reason for me to be disgusted with you – as you say – when all of this is completely instinctual and out of our control.”“Thank you…” Namjoon whispered into the room after probably coming to the conclusion that Seokjin’s words were genuine. “This makes all this a little easier.”Seokjin has been dying to ask, so he does when Namjoon falls quiet again. “Um…you know how wolf bonding is, uh – how it is never one sided?” the alpha nods, probably already realizing what it is that Seokjin was implying. “I-I…is the bond incomplete then? Because I don’ remember my wolf, well, you know.” He just gestured a little wildly with his hands, not knowing how to phrase the last part.Namjoon gave a slight nod, affirming that he, indeed, understood what Seokjin was meaning to ask.“Honestly, I don’t know either.” The alpha answered while trying to stifle a yawn. It was only then that Seokjin let himself acknowledge just how tired he was after all the running around he’d done at the festival and since Namjoon had tagged along, the alpha must be in a similar state of weariness.“Mhm…” Seokjin mused, “Maybe we should talk more about this tomorrow. Let us get some rest first.”“Okay, sure…g-good night then.”Seokjin acknowledged the alpha’s words with a nod before turning around and heading for the stairs. However, a low growl from behind startled him to a stop.“Uh…Um, s-sorry,” the elder sputtered, his scent starting to become bitter again. “It’s just, um – before in the square, when you just started trembling like that so suddenly, uh…my wolf sort of started panicking and-““And now it doesn’t want to leave me alone because it’s worried.” The prince concluded with a sigh. It wasn’t only the wolf panicking though, since Namjoon seemed to be in a similar state of distress – whether it was because of the prince’s panic attack or their little situation he could not tell for sure but Seokjin knew it wasn’t wise to leave the alpha alone in his current state. He huffed and walked back to stand right in front of the alpha. “You are tired, I am tired –terribly so, and right now I want nothing more than to get a few hours of good, peaceful sleep but we shall speak more about this tomorrow.” Seokjin stressed, suddenly feeling marginally less confident about what he was about to do. “For now just, uh…stay still for a moment, alright?”With a slightly perplexed but affirmative nod from Namjoon, the prince closed the distance between them so he was now basically in the alpha’s personal space.Namjoon tensed visibly, but followed instruction and stayed stock still. Seokjin unclenched his fingers which had formed a nervous fist and his hand moved to circle around Namjoon’s wrist. With a gentle grip, he raised the alpha’s arm and brought his own hand, the one that wasn’t holding Namjoon’s, closer. By then, the alpha must have realized what the prince was about to do because when Seokjin looked into his eyes he could see not an ounce of protest in them. He was still tense though, judging by how taut his body was and how he bit his lower lip when Seokjin finally rubbed his own wrist over the alpha’s, scenting him.It was a different kind of experience from the one when Seokjin had scented him while they were in their wolf forms. The direct skin on skin contact made the light dusting of hairs on his arms and the back of his neck stand up and a barely concealed shiver ran down his spine, making him blush and turning the tips of his ears red. Since the torches were at the alpha’s back Seokjin could not clearly see whether Namjoon was also flushed in a similar manner, but the heat of the elder’s body was enough to tell him that the other was just as affected by this as the prince was.Seokjin steeled his nerves, however, and continued scenting the alpha. He brought his hand higher so it was on the level of Namjoon’s shoulder and after contemplating for a second, he shyly tugged at the collar. Namjoon’s hands were shaking a little as he nodded and pulled back the collar of his shirt with one of his own hands.The two of the shut their eyes tight, trying to reign in their wolves as they practically howled in delight at such a direct scenting.Seokjin drew back his hand and turned around, swiftly bounding up the steps. He chanted to himself to stop feeling so embarrassed – that he was only scenting Namjoon to help him, to calm his alpha.“Jin.” The elder called just as the prince reached the landing at the top of the stairs. Seokjin stopped and hummed in question, not turning around. “G-Goodnight.”Well, at least he wasn’t the only nervous and embarrassed one.“Goodnight, Namjoon.”   ***   The morning came fast with Seokjin having gotten much less sleep than he would have liked.After finishing his morning routine, the prince headed down for breakfast. He found Yeonjun sprawled on the lavish chaise lounge in the living room, looking bored and half asleep. The alpha perked up at Seokjin’s scent in the room and sent him a friendly smile.“Morning.” He chimed. “My brother already left with Namjoon a while ago. Breakfast is in the kitchen.”Seokjin just hummed in reply, a small pang in his chest at hearing that Namjoon wasn’t in the mansion. Was this just a coincidence or was the alpha actually trying to avoid him now? Seokjin let out an exasperated huff, prompting a raised eyebrow from Yeonjun as the alpha followed him into the kitchen. Seokjin was thankful for that – for the companionship - because right now he did not feel like eating alone.As the prince settled himself at the table and began eating, Yeonjun pulled out a small dagger and busied himself by polishing it with a cloth. Only a few seconds in though, Seokjin sensed the other’s gaze on him so he raised his head only to see Yeonjun’s narrowed eyes as he not so subtly sniffed the air.With the amount of time he’s been spending around Namjoon it wasn’t so surprising that some of his scent would linger on the prince but after the scenting yesterday the brown-haired alpha’s scent on him must have been much stronger – even after the long bath he’d just taken – for even Yeonjun to question it. Seokjin forfeited gracing the alpha with an explanation, instead opting to finish his food, and sensing that the prince wasn’t about to provide him an answer to his unvoiced but clearly implied question Yeonjun snorted and went back to polishing his dagger.“Do you, perhaps, have any idea as to where they were headed?” he questioned, long after he was done eating and they walking towards the mansion’s front door.“The arena, probably,” Came Yeonjun’s reply, “I heard my brother saying how he wanted to get some pointers from Namjoon.”Seokjin had already memorized the path to the arena from his visit there the other day so he did not need Yeonjun to point out the way. Instead, they chatted about the previous day’s celebration and the other events that were scheduled for the current day’s evening. The walled perimeter of the training grounds was low in height and Namjoon sensed him just as the prince reached the gates. Yeonjun had been right, as Namjoon was clearly in the middle of explaining some particular stance to Huening Kai but both alphas lowered their swords as Namjoon slowly turned around to face the new arrivals and, after a brief moment of hesitation, jogged up towards them. His eyes didn’t meet Seokjin’s but the prince was glad that at least the alpha wasn’t avoiding him like he’d suspected the other would.“Good morning.” The brown-haired spoke softly after Yeonjun had successfully dragged his brother away.“Mm…morning.” The prince replied, still trying to catch Namjoon’s eye. “Has your wolf calmed down a bit?”“It has,” the other said with a nod. “What about you, um…?” he left the question hanging.Seokjin smiled, waving away the elder’s concern. “I am fine. I’m guessing that it was my dream from the other day that affected me somehow, bringing up memories from the day of the attack on the castle.”The alpha hummed in understanding but did not pose any further questions, perhaps thinking that it would only bring up more bad memories.“Jin?”“Yes?”“I, uh…I wanted to thank you, for yesterday and also for before, so if there is something I can do or something you might want, please don’t hesitate to ask.”Jin snorted in a not-so-omegan way. “You don’t have to thank me. Besides, you’ve stuck by me all this time and helped me get to the Pale King’s Realm safely. I think that’s more than enough for a simple scenting.”Seokjin did not point out that Namjoon’s wolf would have probably forced him to seek out the prince amidst the chaos anyway, even if it wasn’t for Hoseok, since the bond had already long formed by then. He also ignored that scenting wasn’t actually that simple of a matter as he’d just claimed it was. Scenting has always been sacred, but unlike the wrist scenting which was mostly used to open up telepathic links, the scenting of neck and shoulder glands was considered very intimate and no omega allowed an alpha near their glands that easily.The prince also did not mention how he felt safer with the alpha now, since realizing the nature of the bond. Be it as it may, Namjoon, despite his current duty as the prince’s protector, was still an alpha and the prince has always been on guard to some extent. Now, however, he was sure that no harm would come to him by the alpha’s hand because no alpha would ever willingly harm their official or bonded mate. “Just indulge me this once, would you? I don’t think I’ll feel better unless I do something to make it up to you, even if just marginally.” The elder said, mouth forming an unconscious pout that Seokjin tried his best not to smile at.“Mhm…” Seokjin looked over at the arena and the shifters practicing their craft as he mused on this. He saw Yeonjun sparring with his brother; the omega whose name he still didn’t know was throwing daggers at a target; a couple of shirtless alphas and betas were doing pushups on the dusty ground.An idea struck his mind, making his whole face light up and Namjoon’s brows shoot up into his hairline at the sudden shift in the prince’s mood.“I’ve got something in mind.” He called to the alpha, jogging backwards in the direction of the weapons rack and trying to skillfully avoid accidentally bumping into anyone. “I hope you are a good teacher!”   ***   “I still don’t understand why you are so adamant about learning the sword.” The alpha huffed as he examined the sword Seokjin had selected for himself from the training ground’s choice of weaponry. “You are good with a bow so shouldn’t that be enough?“The bow is useless when your enemy is ready to slice you up into pieces like an expert chef would. It is a long distance weapon, essentially, and I have been wanting to learn the sword for ages anyway. Besides, I wasn’t the one who insisted on repaying non-existent debts so you better keep your word.” The prince scowled.“Alright, alright!” Namjoon’s hands were raised innocently, palms open as he gave up trying to convince the prince out of his request. “Just don’t assume I will go easy on your training just because my wolf has a soft spot for yours.” He mumbled under his breath, clearly not low enough for Seokjin to miss. The prince grinned at the exasperated groan the alpha let out when Namjoon’s brain had registered what he’d just said. Seokjin also did not fail to notice that Namjoon was much more expressive than usual – which was, honestly, a little endearing.The border wall’s Eastern Gate was just on the outskirts of the city and Seokjin had somehow managed to convince Yeonjun to let them go into the forest beyond the wall. A healer from the local apothecary had requested Yeonjun to get a few herbs from the forest so they parted with Yeonjun and Huening Kai at the edge of the forest, both parties going separate ways. A little over a mile into the thicket of trees they finally found a clearing large enough so that they wouldn’t have to worry about branches hitting them in the face if they made a wrong step.The clearing wasn’t as vast as the one the prince used to practice his archery in but it still brought a small sense of familiarity with it. Moreover, it was nice to finally see some life in the forest. It wasn’t much – just some insects and butterflies, a couple rabbits that jumped back into the shrubbery as soon as they saw them – but it was reassuring nonetheless, making the forest seem a little less eerie and dead.Namjoon beckoned him closer, handing Seokjin his weapon. It was a simple longsword with a two-handed metal grip that felt rough against the palm of his hand. Well, it was time for Seokjin to get some more calluses.“So first, before anything else, how much experience do you have with swords?” the alpha inquired, drawing his own sword from the scabbard at his hip.“None at all, unfortunately.” Seokjin replied honestly. “I’ve tried learning the techniques the same way I did with the bow – by observing and then trying it on my own – but I didn’t have the same luck with the sword as I did with archery.”The alpha’s head tilted to the side, an almost impressed expression gracing his features. “That’s…unexpected. I was of the opinion that either your brother or General Jung must have thought you.”“Oh, please!” Seokjin chuckled, “I doubt they even know I can read, much less wield a weapon better than they do.”“Mhm, your skill certainly was on par with some of the best archers I’ve seen.” The alpha admitted, much to the prince’s delight. “Wait, did you say you could read?”“I can, and write too. Basically, I’ve educated myself in almost everything that was mentioned on the learning plan that was assigned to Jungkook.”“Huh,” the elder took a deep breath and let it out through his mouth. “You are one sneaky prince, Your Highness.”“And I’m proud of it,” The prince beamed, not caring in which manner the alpha meant the words. “Look where my sneakiness got me? Do you think I would be alive and well right now if I just went along with everything the court dictated?” He shook his head, “But that’s enough of that - shall we start? I want to head back in time for lunch?”The alpha rolled his eyes but made no remarks. “Alright,” He began and started explaining on how to properly hold a sword. “A longsword isn’t too heavy but balance is the most important thing here, so make sure to always choose a sword that feels comfortable in your hand.” The prince nods, already aware of that bit because the same thing was paramount even in archery.   “The way you grip the sword generally depends on your stance and the sword-style you use but the dominant hand always goes just under the quillions.” Namjoon holds his sword in his right hand, grip just below the crossguard.“The pommel at the end helps with balance during strikes.” He continued, pointing at the round knob at the lower end of the hilt.”“Okay, balance is key.” Seokjin re-iterates, holding the sword with both hands as Namjoon shows him next.Namjoon proceeded to correct the prince’s hold on the sword, fingers brushing and curling lightly against the omega’s as he readjusted them. “Don’t grip it so hard, else it will be a bit difficult to maneuver it around when you rapidly change the direction of your strikes.”Seokjin followed the instructions with as much precision as he could, trying to not react to the little touches. He wished he had as much control over his omega as Namjoon had over his alpha. Namjoon’s fingers were long, warm and calloused from years of wielding different weapons and the gentle, almost imperceptible touches only made it that much more tantalizing to his inner wolf.They moved on to footing and basic strikes next, with the alpha explaining what the best distance to maintain between one’s feet was and how you shouldn’t strike head-on but rather from the side.“With a two-handed sword, the blade is not only your weapon – it is also your shield.” The elder man easily blocks a trial strike from the prince. “When you strike this way, the crossguard will help block your opponent’s sword to some extent. But in the end, it still depends on you. You must have enough strength to hold off the enemy because if you cannot push them off then even the crossguard becomes useless.” He then surges forward with more strength than he’d been previously using and Seokjin’s blade is pushed towards his chest, preventing him from attempting to retaliate and making him stumble back a few steps from the sudden increase in force.  Namjoon was a patient and detailed teacher. Seokjin made a multitude of mistakes but the alpha was always there to readjust his grip or fix his stance. The instructions were unhurried and easy to follow as the elder further taught him how to dodge and parry, explaining it in a way he himself had been taught when he’d been younger and then adding a few tips and tricks he’d learned from his personal experiences.By the time they finally decided to take a break, a small sheen of sweat had formed on their skin and Seokjin’s muscles were a little sore. It was good kind of sore though, and the prince was in an exceptional mood. They settled down with their backs against a trunk of a tree and Namjoon closed his eyes, dozing off slightly. Seokjin snorted and chuckled to himself when the alpha started snoring lightly. He didn’t do it every time he fell asleep, just sometimes, but the prince’s always found it somewhat funny – how the alpha sniffled occasionally in his sleep and the way his mouth parted a little.Seokjin himself was tired, but he wasn’t sleepy so he just settled for staring into the thicket of greenery all around him, hoping another rabbit would jump out of the shrubs and let him pet it.What caught his eye a while later, however, wasn’t cute and fluffy by any means.The prince’s gaze had been aimlessly drifting left and right as he waited for Namjoon to rouse from his nap and he sucked in a breath when his eyes fell upon it. For a moment, he just blinked, a bit confused as he wondered if he’d just missed it before or if the deer had been so silent in its steps so as to manage to escape Seokjin’s incredibly sensitive ears.He’d just been wanting something to show up so he could admire the animal and possibly ease the boredom that had started to build with the lack of conversation and movement. When he noticed the deer’s head poking from behind a tall berry bush and looking straight at him, he swore he wouldn’t be able to look at another deer the same way ever again without being reminded of his current sight.The poor animal was clearly very sick and perhaps already had a leg on the other side. The usual tawny fur coat was patchy and mottled and the skin that was revealed was a sickly grey and it looked rotten and decaying. The eyes were yellow and rimmed with red, disgusting-looking pus dripping out of the corners of its eyes. Seokjin’s heart hurt just imagining how much pain the animal must be feeling.He got up and walked over just as the deer turned around and started to walk away at a slow pace, seemingly not scared of Seokjin’s approach. The rustling of leaves and branches as he trudged past the copse of trees that were blocking his view of the deer seemed to alert Namjoon and the prince heard the alpha stir awake.“Jin?” he called, voice sleepy as Seokjin watched him scan the space around him in alarm upon not finding the prince beside him.“I’m here.” He called back, walking further in so he wouldn’t lose sight of the sickly animal. “Come on.”Namjoon joined him, appearing at his side mere seconds later even though Seokjin hadn’t stopped to wait. At the other’s questioning look, he pointed ahead of them, gesturing to the animal that was slowly making its way deeper and deeper into the forest.“It’s a deer.”“It’s a sick deer.” Seokjin deadpanned. “Did you even take a proper look at it? I can’t even envision what the poor creature must have gone through to end up that way.”   “It might be a disease, Jin” the alpha warned but still indulged Seokjin by following along.“We should take it back with us then.”“To the healers, you mean?” the alpha questioned, receiving an affirmative nod from Seokjin. “I don’t think they would be pleased about that.”“Why study medicine at all then if they can’t even take a look at a poor animal.” The prince scowled and walked off ahead, ducking under low branches and stopping over gnarled roots that poked out of the soil.He gasped, taking a step back and bumping into Namjoon’s chest. The alpha’s arms automatically came up around to steady him but their gazes were fixed on the clearing before them.The enormous patch of land they came upon bore no semblance to the lush forest at their backs. The soil was too dried up and cracked in some areas while in other places it was boggy and wet. Much like the deer’s skin, the soil was also of a deep grey shade with blackened stumps and twisted, withered trees poking out of it at intervals. Seokjin’s hand flew to his nose as he almost gagged behind it at the pungent smell that emanated from the land, huge flies and mosquitoes flying above the swampy and blighted expanse of it. He noticed the deer then, as it finally collapsed on its front legs and then flopped sideways, being partially sucked into the swamp. Instinctively, he moved forward, wanting to pull it out, but Namjoon’s arms around him kept the prince in place as the alpha sadly shook his head.“It’s too late.” He spoke in a quiet voice. “We can’t help it.”Seokjin gulped down his nausea, slowly disentangling himself from the alpha’s arms to crouch down. He took a handful of the soil and let the coarse grains fall from his fingers as he examined it. They stayed liked that for quite a while, each immersed in their own thoughts.Seokjin perused his memories for any such documented occurrence he might’ve read about before. The first thought that came to his mind was that it might be a plague, but then, the land before them was essentially dead and plague didn’t affect the land as much as it did humans and animals. A few minutes later another thought invaded his mind, but before he could speak it aloud he heard Namjoon’s voice from beside him, confirming the prince’s suspicions.“Their King is dying.”Seokjin didn’t reply, choosing to just nod so the other knew he’d been paying attention.The Fey King was on the verge of dying – that was the only explanation.“I don’t understand.” Seokjin said, perplexed. “Why rage war with our race when he is about to die anyway? Or is it his heir who is giving these orders?”Namjoon sighed and extended his hand so he could pull the prince up from where he was still crouched low to the ground. “Might be.”A sudden whistling noise and a sound that was sort of between a screech and a caw distracted them and they turned their up to the sky where a large bird was circling the air around the blighted land. It swooped in and Namjoon was about to step in front of him but Seokjin put out a hand to stop him.“I’ll be damned.” He cursed, praying that the falcon doesn’t scratch him with his talons or poke him in the eye just for the fun of it. The bird has always seemed to enjoy antagonizing him.Thankfully, Claw landed on his shoulder, making the prince wince just slightly as the sharp talons dug into the material of his robe and the skin beneath his shirt. He would never actually admit it to either the bird or Hoseok, but he was just a tad bit glad to see the creature.He beamed, excited as he saw the small scroll of paper tied to the falcon’s leg. He let the bird hop onto his other arm as he used his free hand to untie the roll of parchment. As expected, Hoseok’s neat penmanship greeted him as he unrolled the paper and Namjoon leaned in to read with him.There wasn’t much to read though, just a single line of pretty cursive in black ink that still smelled fresh, and the General’s name signed below.
     

   I’m at the Pale King’s palace. 

   -Hobi 

   

   

   

  ***

   

   

   
Yeonjun and Huening Kai had apparently spotted Claw earlier and were already waiting for Seokjin and Namjoon at the entrance of the Eastern Gate. Seokjin just shoved the scroll into Yeonjun’s hands and sprinted through the guards, running as fast as he could towards the castle gates in the distance.The pretty houses were just blobs of blurry, pale shades as he ran past and he was distantly aware of the startled and curious glances sent his way as he barreled down the street. He couldn’t maintain the speed for long, however, and slowed down only halfway through, panting heavily as Namjoon and the other two caught up with him.“Slow down, Jin!” Namjoon laughed at him. “They will still be there even if you don’t run so hard.”The guards must have already been informed, because the gates swung open just as he’d reached them, closing with a screech behind the three alphas. He hadn’t had the chance to explore the Pale King’s palace yet so he stopped just inside the vestibule, not sure which direction he was supposed to head in.He didn’t have much time to ponder on it because a huge black wolf bounded up the steps outside and ran straight into him, toppling him over so he fell painfully on his bum, ending up with a face of dirty fur. He didn’t complain though, as he nuzzled his face into the soft warmth - because how could he, when it was Jungkook?“Jin! You are okay!” Jungkook’s voice passed through their mind-link, making Seokjin laugh at how whiny it sounded even in his mind. “Jiiin!!!!”“I’m all good, pup.” He reassured his brother, drawing back and taking the wolf’s large head between his hands so he could properly look at him. “How have you been doing?”The black wolf did not reply, only nuzzling further into the prince’s neck as Seokjin hugged him tighter. Two familiar scents made him raise his head and Seokjin smiled as Jiwoo and Hoseok approached him on either side. He literally screeched as Jiwoo licked up the side of his face, leaving a line of slobber across his cheek, but the she-wolf only playfully yipped at him when Seokjin groaned and tried to clean the slobber off of his face using the sleeve of his robe. He finally directed his attention to his best friend who had his snout in Seokjin’s hair. The prince pushed everyone off of him as he spoke to Hoseok.“You, Sir Jung, have a lot of explaining to do.” He deadpanned, making the large wolf huff.“And you need to take a bath because you fucking reek of Kim Namjoon.” Hobi stated and Jiwoo snorted in a very unlady-like manner - even for a wolf - while Jungkook, having also heard the comment, curiously jerked his head back and forth between his brother and the tall, brown-haired alpha in question. Meanwhile, Namjoon, Yeonjun and Huening Kai were only able to hear Seokjin’s side of the conversation and all three just looked at the group sprawled on the floor in confusion, not comprehending what exactly was going on.“Yah!” he pulled Hoseok by the ear, making the other playfully snap his canines at him. “Don’t you dare go there, Jung Hoseok. I knew the scent was familiar when I first met Governor Min but unfortunately, I couldn’t make the connection. Then I chanced upon your bedroom at the mansion and as you say, it reeked of you both.” He countered with a victorious grin, noticing the surprise in the other two wolves’ eyes.He had to admit though – Hoseok’s found himself a truly exceptional mate.He got the three wolves in a loose group hug that was full of fur and got to his feet just as Soobin arrived at the chambers, carrying three folded pairs of garments.Seokjin let out an impressed noise as he watched Soobin lead the three to a line of two doors in the wall to the right, which turned out to be rooms for changing when one wanted to shift. Seokjin felt that it was really practical and thoughtful, making a mental note so they could perhaps implement it in the Lupa Kim’s castle once they manage to retake it from the Royals.The prince’s brows furrowed as Hoseok padded into one of the rooms while Jiwoo and Jungkook entered the other. Something was a bit off there because he would have rather expected the boys to share while Jiwoo got a room to herself. But it all made sense to him as Jungkook stumbled out of the room barely a minute later, still trying to properly adjust his shirt and robes.There was a mating mark in the juncture of his neck and shoulder, just over the scent gland as all official mating marks usually were. Seokjin sniffed the air in disbelief and indeed, Jungkook’s scent didn’t smell simply as if Jiwoo’s had rubbed off on him – it was perfectly blended in.“Oh.”Jungkook sensed the change in atmosphere and seemingly realizing what it was about, the younger looked sheepishly at his brother as he nervously scratched the back of his head.“Ah…I’m guessing I forgot to mention one tiny, little detail?” Jungkook tried and yelped as Seokjin strode over to him in two long steps and gripped the back of his neck just as the Jung siblings stepped out of the dressing rooms, now human and fully clothed. Hoseok smirked and sauntered off to lean against one of the walls, tilting his head towards Namjoon, both in greeting and gratitude at keeping the prince safe.“Holy Luna!” Jin exclaimed, looking from one to the other of the now mated couple. “Jiwoo, I always knew Jungkook was a little too wild but I would have thought at least –““Aish, Jinnie!” she cut him off, “Don’t be so hard on him now. If you must know, I was the one who initiated this. I went into heat the previous week, you see, and besides we’re practically married so I thought – why not?”The prince gaped at them open mouthed, not knowing how to respond to that. He put his head in his hands and sighed, “At least tell me you didn’t do it out in the open, please. That would be so fucking irresponsible.”Jungkook looked scandalized, and maybe a teensy bit offended. “We did not! There was –“Seokjin raised a hand. “That’s all I need to know for now, thank you very much. And what are you fucking grinning at?” he directed the last part to Hoseok who raised his hands in mock innocence.“Nothing.” The man smirked, “Just nice to finally see you in your element. It’s fun to see you get so riled up that you start cussing like a fucking sailor.”“You are impossible.” The prince palmed his face in exasperation. “You now, Hobi, we could have avoided a lot of the mess if you had actually told us anything before the attack.”Hoseok’s eyes narrowed at him. “Don’t go there, Seokjin. I had my reasons to keep the investigations into my father a secret. I admit that I was overdue in delivering my findings to His Majesty but I couldn’t say anything unless I was absolutely sure since it involved treason and war. Besides, it’s not like you ever tell us everything about yourself either.” He ended, pulling a gasp from the prince.“I’m with brother Hoseok on this one - don’t look at me, Jin. You are mean, you know, for not sharing things even with me. Do you know how that makes me feel? I know that I may not be the responsible one out of the two of us but I would’ve done my best to help.”“Jungkookie, you know it’s not like tha –““Now, now, gentlemen – and lady,” Soobin interrupted them, shooting Jiwoo a polite smile, before the drama unfolds further. “It looks like all of you need to sit down and be honest and share things with each other, but for now, our King is awaiting your presence in the throne room.”Hoseok smiled, detaching himself from the wall and sprinting ahead of them, clearly excited. Everyone else apart from the quintet of young guards seemed to have no idea behind the reason of the General’s excitement though, as they followed him at a slower pace.Seokjin himself was brimming with anticipation of finally meeting his inspiration and he knew for a fact that Namjoon must be at least a little eager too because if there were ever any omegas the alpha actually held respect for, then the Pale King was indisputably one of them. Seokjin smiled to himself, thinking back to how it was during a discussion about the omega King that he met Namjoon and Jimin for the first time.“Hey,” the tall alpha was at his side now. When did he even get here? Wasn’t he walking at the back? Seokjin looked up to find that he’d been distracted enough so as to end up at the rear of the group with Namjoon.“Mhm?”“Are things going to be alright with your brother and the General? It seemed to be getting a little too intense…”Seokjin rolled his eyes, giving the alpha a fleeting look out of the corners of his eyes. “It will be fine. I just think that Jungkookie might be a little hurt that I hid things from him.”“But you hid it from everyone else too, right? You were just doing your best for the future.”“As much as I appreciate your understanding and compliments, Namjoon, I think Jungkook is so upset because we are supposed to be family. We are really close, you know, and he tells me every little thing so he must’ve been expecting me to do the same.”Namjoon snorted at that, his expression suddenly hardening. “People never tell each other everything, even if they are family.”The sudden shift in attitude towards one of evident animosity made Seokjin wonder, but before he could probe the alpha some more he realized that they had reached the throne room.The hall was inside a domed structure at the highest level of the castle, the interior just a slight variation from the banquet hall he’d seen in his dream. The walls and pillars were identically pale colored and gilded as the ones he’d seen in the dream. The room was evidently not the same though, as there was an enormous marble throne erected in the centre of a raised platform with half a dozen pearly white steps leading up to it. The floor was fully black, only interrupted by the design of a white rose in the center of the room – stem, a couple of leaves and thorns. The rose was a delicate flower, especially the white rose that spoke of purity and innocence. But any rose handled with carelessness would result in one getting hurt by the thorns. It was fitting, the prince mused – the white rose for the omega king. After all, something unfair must have happened to the omega for him to retaliate so strongly that he ended up eradicating the previous monarchs. Hell hath no fury like an omega scorned. The prince’s eyes finally drifted to the pair currently embracing in front of the throne, completely ignorant of the audience they had. It was a very intimate kind of embrace, not one to be shared between simple friends, especially if one of them was the King of a country.“Um…Your Excellence?” Soobin called, looking amused by the spectacle. “May I remind –““No, you may not, Soobin-ah.” A raspy but melodious voice hissed, sound slightly muffled against Hoseok’s chest. “All of you lads are dismissed; you may take the day off since Hobi is here.” The voice addressed the quintet. It was a voice Seokjin had come to associate with Governor Min but-
  Could it be?
Seokjin had no time for an explosive reaction, however, because Min Yoongi, Governor Min – the Pale King – finally pulled away from Hoseok and adjusted his robes. He inclined his head to Seokjin as Hoseok stepped sideways to stand on the omega King’s right.“Seokjin.” He greeted him with a friendly smile, actually remembering to forgo the titles and honorifics as the prince had requested during their meeting only days earlier.“Your Majesty.” Seokjin returned the greeting with an incline of his head, still stupefied at the turn of events. Min Yoongi was the Pale King. Ming Yoongi was Hoseok’s intended. His best friend’s intended mate was the Pale King and Hoseok might have forgotten to mention that in all these year, on purpose, of course.“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness Jungkook, sister Jiwoo.” The King proceeded to greet them.“Not possible.” Seokjin heard a low voice choke out from beside him. He turned to see Namjoon staring holes into the omega King. He realized then that he’d never actually spoke that much about Min Yoongi to the alpha, he was pretty sure that Namjoon never even got the Governor’s full name out of him. It was always Lord Min, Governor Min or simply The Governor. This was essentially the first time Namjoon was meeting and seeing Min Yoongi – the King.The alpha’s reaction was nothing like he’d expected, though. Seokjin thought he would see amazement, respect. Instead, the look on Namjoon’s face spoke of horror, sadness and pure anguish.Seokjin’s eyes widened at the single syllable that escaped the alpha’s mouth; A name, “Yoon?”The Pale King’s gaze finally landed on the tall alpha who stood at the prince’s side, trembling slightly.“Oh.” The King was already moving towards them with quick precision but he wasn’t fast enough to hold up Namjoon as he fell to his knees, a wretched sob tearing out of him and shocking everyone in the room into stillness, even the guards who had still not left despite being dismissed.Seokjin’s eyes found Hoseok who was watching his intended with a perplexed expression of his own, not moving an inch. The prince turned back to see the King kneeling before Namjoon as he whispered soothing words of apology.“I’m sorry.” He repeated softly, over and over again. “I’m so, so sorry.”Namjoon choked again, not being able to utter anything else as the moisture that had built in his eyes slipped down his cheeks. One look towards the King and Seokjin realized that Yoongi was also in the same state – crying.“I’m so sorry. It’s okay. You are alright. I am alright.” Yoongi chanted through quiet sniffles of his own. “I’m so sorry, Joonie.”  ***                                                                             Seriously, editing that robe onto Yoongi was a humongous task to a newbie editor like me.
  
    Chapter Text
    Hoseok kept to a medium pace as he sprinted through the Whispering Woods. It was a denser part of the Woods; the trees were close-knit, the other shrubbery and flora overgrown – though still retaining its exotic beauty. It had rained that afternoon and the soil had that moist smell to it, the grey clouds still floated across the sky, nonchalantly blocking most of the moonlight that was the only source of guidance to Hoseok, even considering his wolf’s enhanced sight.His fur coat was still damp and moisture clogged despite Hoseok expecting that it would have dried by now from all the running. However, that hadn’t been the case and now it weighed him down, the wet fur accompanied by his tiredness making his movements slower and more sluggish.Hoseok had come from a particularly well-off noble family – well, maybe that was a slight understatement?His father was currently one of the most prominent advisors on their King’s council. His mother had been a healer in the palace. She had been serving the royal family since long before the Queen’s death - before passing away herself, stricken by the plague that had broken out in the southern part of the kingdom and that she, along with a team of other healers, had been dispatched to contain. Hoseok had been around ten and Jiwoo six, making her barely retain any prominent memories of their mother.It was that year, Hoseok guesses, that everything had started falling apart for the Jung family. Their mother was an only child and her parents - the Jung siblings’ maternal grandparents – had passed a few years earlier, leaving no relatives on their mother’s side. The Jungs came from a long line of imperial scholars and generals, Hoseok’s father’s generation also not disappointing. The young alpha’s eldest uncle – his father’s older brother – had been a renown general for the Lupa Kim Clan and his youngest uncle had been put in charge of the imperial treasury.His eldest uncle had died on the battlefield only a year after his mother’s passing, the second uncle following the year after that, assassinated during an attempt by a rival kingdom to sabotage the kingdom’s treasury and resources. Hoseok and Jiwoo were left in the care of their father then, but since the man was almost always at meetings or court, the duty of raising Jiwoo had almost completely fallen to Hoseok. He didn’t mind – he loved his sister, she was an angel. Maybe sometimes too wild and crass – Hoseok totally takes the blame for cussing in front of her during her younger years; the unseemly vocabulary was already permanently imprinted into her mind – but an adorable angel nonetheless.In turn, Jiwoo had helped ebb away the loneliness he had become accustomed to.As a child, Hoseok was incredibly extroverted, inquisitive and rowdy. He would slip away from their mansion mid lessons and wander the markets, he would talk to old grannies and other kids his age and people of all ages in general. But as he grew and the people in the city became aware of his identity, the number of people who approached him with genuine friendship in mind had dwindled considerably, leaving him with only a few people he could confide in.Hoseok had always been rather short and lanky so he was expected to present as a beta – it had come as a rather unexpected but nice surprise to all around him when he’d presented as an alpha instead, albeit a little late at fourteen. As he grew broader and his body became sturdier he finally came to a conclusion as to what he wanted to be in life – Hoseok decided to follow in his uncle’s footsteps and become an Imperial General. Thankfully, his father – who had by then become considerably withdrawn from both of his children and completely immersed in work – happily approved, showing him a proud smile, the first one since their mother’s death.At fifteen, the young alpha then joined the recruitment for Imperial Knights and started his training under the mentorship of one of the current Generals whose family name was Song. Hoseok ended up being a natural; He was bright, fast, nimble and good with almost every kind of weapon - maces were definitely not his thing, thank you very much.By the time his seventeenth year rolled around, Hoseok was an Imperial Knight of the highest rank. He was even considered a sort of prodigy.But the immense praise for his talents never made him happy – after all, why would he be happy if there were no loved ones to congratulate him. Jiwoo was always elated and supportive, of course, but that was different. The King had been kind and appreciative too, and his mentor was definitely proud.His father, however, had barely given him a clap on the back, an indiscernible look in his eyes that Hoseok didn’t necessarily like for some reason.He would finally understand the meaning of that look some time later, though…A few months into his seventeenth year Jiwoo presented as an omega. It was all well and good since no one minded. He once even overheard their father discussing with someone – he wasn’t able to see who exactly – how lucky Jiwoo would be if she ever got the chance to marry one of the princes, should they ever present as alphas. Hoseok didn’t question it then – why would he, when it was such a great match? Admittedly, he’s never met either of the princes but he hears stories all the time. The two of them were apparently unruly and unrestrained, but fast learners when they wanted to be. That unruliness was what hooked Hoseok’s interest – they seemed like people who loved to have fun and if anyone knew how to have proper fun in this city, it was the Jung siblings.A month later, however, he heard news of the eldest prince, Kim Seokjin’s presentation. An omega. When he first heard the news he’d only chuckled to himself, thinking that if Jiwoo would ever actually have a chance of marrying into the royal family then that chance now completely depended on the younger prince, Jungkook, since the eldest prince was an omega. However, that thought seemed so innocent compared to what his father was plotting.“The Crown Prince is a fucking omega! All my plans have gone down the drain now!”Fate must have been secretly pulling the strings that night for Hoseok couldn’t sleep and had ventured to the lower floors of the mansion when he heard voices and then coherent sentences as he got closer to his father’s office. The door was closed, but he still lingered by the wall outside – he did not like the tone with which his father had spoken nor did he appreciate the way he had just insulted the eldest prince’s dynamic. His own daughter was an omega, so what was the man’s problem? But then his mind immediately latched on to the word ‘plan’.“That is actually to our - your – advantage, do you not think so, Jung?” the voice sounded familiar but Hoseok couldn’t place it. He couldn’t match a name or a face to the voice.“How come?” He heard his father question, curiosity and something like hope mixing together in the tone.“Isn’t your eldest an alpha?”Hoseok was confused. How was he involved in this? Whatever this might be. There was silence on the other side of the door and Hoseok strained his ears so as to not miss even the quietest of words and then his father finally spoke.“Oh…” It came out in a low whisper, the surprise in the tone apparent. “You mean to say…?”“Yes, Jung, why not?” The other person started. “We were planning to make your daughter the next King’s consort anyway, but now that it turned out this way wouldn’t it be better to focus on your son instead?.”And that was when Hoseok had left, darting across the rooms on the lower floor to reach the stairs and finally lock himself in his own chambers.He understood it then - understood everything; The strangers coming in and out of their mansion at odd hours, his father’s secrecy, the older man’s constantly growing greed that had become apparent to Hoseok as he became older. He had been scheming to make the Jungs a part of the royal family. The easiest way to dig his claws into the royal bloodline until then had been to make Jiwoo the consort, so her progeny would be of imperial blood. But now, now he had a better option.His father’s new goal now would be to wed his son to Prince Seokjin, thereby, making Hoseok the next King, should the current ruler pass or retire. Hoseok made a vow that night – he swore to Lupa that he would do everything in his power to ruin all of his father’s plans. Six months before Hoseok would turn eighteen, he was officially appointed as a General of the Lupa Kim court. The youngest general in history!, everyone had cheered. Hoseok, however, was on a mission – a mission to foil his father’s ruthless plans which, as he’d come to unveil since that fateful night, are much more terrible than just making Hoseok the next King.Since assuming the position of General, Hoseok’s been attending the daily court meetings, as is customary. He’s finally managed to catch brief glimpses of the two princes – both handsome boys, but now distraught over the Queen’s recent passing. Prince Seokjin, especially, was quite a cunning and clever character, judging from what Hoseok’s observed of the prince.Hoseok’s father was now the eldest Prince’s tutor but the young General could clearly see how much the omega prince actually detested the man. The Prince’s craftiness and their evidently mutual dislike for advisor Jung caused Hoseok some relief for he now had a potential ally in the palace should he ever need inside help.For now, however, he had to gather evidence to prove his father’s potential…treason.It was why he was heading north now, to the Northern-most kingdom on the Ancestral Land beyond which lay only a small strip of the Whispering Woods and then across a small meadow, the vast and seemingly endless Lands of the Fey through which no wolf has ever ventured and returned.Estimating his speed and the time he’s been running, Hoseok concludes that he is quite near the border of the kingdom in question, perhaps another day’s sprint and he should be able to reach there. However, he has to stop in his tracks when an obstacle presents itself to him in the form of a dead groove of trees and plants that are nothing but a withered tangle of branches and sharp thorns. He thinks he sees buckthorn, honey suckle and maybe Bougainvillea – he’s not so sure.The groove stretches left and right for as far as he could see from his current position, meaning it would take him quite a while to go around it. It’s almost midnight and Hoseok doesn’t want to take a detour.Despite the evident risk of injury due to the thorns, he thinks going through the withered mass is the fastest path.He shifts then, into his human form, and dresses into the clothes he’d been carrying with him in his supply bag that had been clutched between his jaws. He’s smaller in this form and it would be fairly easier to find an opening in the thorns.An owl hoots somewhere in the distance and he can hear the crickets chirp. The chilly northern wind blows, causing some of the dried twigs and branches to shift and sway as he carefully ventures through the groove, trying his best not to cut himself too much on the thorns. It’s when he hears it – a weak whimper, pained and barely loud enough to be perceived by Hoseok’s wolf ears. The alpha freezes in place then and he can feel his heart rate speed up as his mind runs over the various possibilities as to the source of the noise. It doesn’t seem threatening though.Another light breeze picks up then and a gust of wind blows by his face. It brings with it a slight whiff of honey and ripe orange. At first, Hoseok mistakes it for the lingering scent of the withered honeysuckle plants around him, but then, he cannot distinguish any ripened orange trees around him – and does honeysuckle actually smell like honey? He doesn’t know - which makes him curious and he slowly trudges along the direction where the fragrance was seemingly coming from. The alpha sniffs the air again when he feels closer to the source and recoils sharply, almost falling backwards at the pure fear, agony and distress that permeate the air.There was an omega nearby, clearly hurt and afraid.He looks around, searching frantically for the poor soul. His heart shrivels up with sadness and his throat tightens up at the raw distress. Hoseok’s never felt such heavy emotions before, especially not the negative kind.He moves the vines on the forest floor, pushes through weaving bushes of thorns all the while ignoring the cuts he gets on his palms and along his arms. His wolf is anxious and can’t correctly pinpoint the other’s location and the scent seems to now engulf the whole area, making it even more difficult to navigate.“Please…” Hoseok calls, his loud voice cracking as tears start rolling down his face from all the negative energy his wolf feels in that place. “Where are you? I want to help!”The wind blows again, spreading the scent and confusing him further. Hoseok groans, feeling helpless but then the clouds above shift and a beam of pure moonlight filters through the gnarly branches and onto the forest floor catching a sliver of pale flesh – a hand – just as Hoseok finally hears someone.“H-Here…”Hoseok sees the hand twitch then, just barely, but he is already stomping his way towards the bony outline of it, uncaring of the sparks of pain that shoot up and down his body as the thorns rip up his clothes and dig into his flesh.“It is okay…I’m going to help get you out from under there now.” He whispers soothingly as he crouches by the pale hand and just barely grazes the skin of it with his own fingertips, reassuring the other of his presence.It takes time and patience and lots of silent sobbing on Hoseok’s part as he keeps hearing the pained whimpers and cries of the omega but he finally manages to uncover the shifter from under the sharp, spiky vines.He gasps at the ghastly view before him.The omega was clearly male, lying on his back with one of his hands – the one Hoseok had seen earlier– outstretched behind him at an odd angle. He is clad only in a pair of loose, ripped bottoms that are caked with mud and grime. His bare feet, arms and torso as well as his face are pale and littered with cuts, the skin blue and black with bruises.The man is undeniably malnourished, the bones of his ribcage protruding visibly. His eyes are barely open, but as Hoseok nears him and tries to touch the omega the man hisses at him, his eyes glowing blue and warning him off. Despite the omega’s terribly weakened physical state, Hoseok realizes that the man before  him must be incredibly strong mentally; if not he wouldn’t have been to survive in such a state. The alpha wonders what had befallen the man for him to end up this way but he doesn’t ask, for right now his first priority is getting the omega to safety and treating his injuries.“Shh…It’s okay.” He says softly, not wanting to scare the man any further than he probably already is. “I’m not going to hurt you. But I do have to touch you so we can leave here and get you somewhere safe, can I do that? I want to help…” He waits as the man’s eyes study him, simultaneously tired and alert. At last, the pale, lithe being before him nods.“Please…”The alpha wastes no time as he contemplates the best way for him to carry the omega and deciding that the other is probably too weak to hold on tight if he were to get him on his back, Hoseok winds one arm beneath the man’s knobby, bony knees and the other further up his back and lifts carefully. The omega hisses and whimpers and whines in his arms but one of his hands still clutches tight onto Hoseok’s robes – well, as tight as he could manage in his state.It takes them a considerably long time to emerge on the other side of the groove, Hoseok’s body covered in even more cuts than before since he’d wanted to protect the omega from any further injuries as much a s possible. The man in his arms seems to be staying awake only through sheer willpower, not completely trusting the alpha with himself despite Hoseok’s help. The General looks around, unsure of which direction he should head in. The canopy is sparse here and more moonlight filters through, illuminating the forest and making it just a tiny bit easier for him to navigate. A sparkle of light catches his attention and when he shifts a particular way he swears he could see something in the distance, just above the canopy.Hoseok walks slowly, careful of not jostling the omega in his arms too much. He’s thankful that the other was in his human form because it would’ve been challenging to move him otherwise. The alpha hears the trickle of water in the distance and prays to Luna that it’s a stream so he could get the omega some water to sate his thirst and clean the wounds. The sparkle he’s seen earlier ends up being the reflection of the moon by the spires of a building, a sort of temple that has been almost entirely buried under soil – likely a result of a land slide from the hills just beyond - and mud sans a single high, ornate window with colored glass panels. The panels are large and one of the lowest is broken, leaving just enough space for Hoseok to crawl inside, the omega still in his arms.The moonlight beams through the fractured window panes and the colored glass casts squares of shaded light patches over the temple’s floor; the light is just enough for Hoseok to scan the area. He sighs in relief when he spots no animals around and proceeds to clear some space on the ground by shuffling around some twigs and leaves using the soles of his boots. He then crouches low and gently lays the man down.Hoseok still hears the water so whatever the source is, it must be near. But as he stands and turns away to leave, the man’s hand darts out with incredible precision and grips his ankle with unexpected strength.“Do-Don’t leave...” the voice is hoarse, deep and raspy and Hoseok briefly wonders if the man’s usual voice is just as deep or if it is only the result of being parched. He kneels beside him and unwinds the omega’s long, thin fingers from around his ankle, gently holding the hand in his own as he speaks in a soft voice.“I will be back.” He says, but the omega doesn’t look like he believes him so he continues. “You need water – and a healer to look at you. At best, I would be able to only clean your wounds but we don’t want them to get infected, do we? I will not abandon you, I swear by the Luna.” The hand slips from his own almost lifelessly and Hoseok slightly panics before the omega gives him the smallest of nods. The alpha smiles reassuringly and takes off his robes, draping them over the omega. The dark haired man stutters out a sigh and finally closes his eyes.Hoseok watches for a moment as the man’s chest raises and falls subtly, indicating that he was still breathing. He turns around then and swiftly makes his way out of the temple.   ***   He finds the spring quite quickly. It’s not a large one, just a thin trickle of water that flows along the rocks from an elevated ground and collects in a small pool. It looks clean though and Hoseok feels relief for a fleeting moment before it strikes him that he doesn’t have anything with him to carry the water.He tries to take some water into the cup of his joined palms but it’s useless because it won’t stay in and it’s not enough anyway. He decides to look around instead so he takes off his clothes and shifts.Before setting out on his journey, Hoseok has heard of an outbreak of an illness in a village somewhere not too far from where he was now and so, he decides to try his luck and heads north-west – away from his original destination and in the direction of the coast. He keeps running without a sense of time, his mind is only filled with the quiet whimpers of pain the omega had let out. Belatedly, he realizes that he hasn’t even asked for the shifter’s name. His heart clenches painfully, almost squeezing all air out of him when he thinks he might never know it should the omega die before his return. He has half a mind to turn back but then the bruised and cut skin flashes before his eyes and he ventures on – going back without healing supplies would be no better than just leaving the other to die.The sun had begun to rise over the horizon. Hoseok couldn’t actually see it, being surrounded by trees on all sides, but the way the sky was starting to light up was indication enough. It has been at least four hours then, since he started heading this way. He’s almost lost all hope, all but resigning on going back to spend the omega’s last moments with him, but then he hears it – the sound of wheels rolling over the ground.He dashes in the direction of the sound at full speed and a short run later finally emerges onto a narrow dirt road. There, a bit ahead of him on the road, he spies a few horse-drawn carts, maybe half a dozen people walking on foot beside the carts and then a single gilded carriage.The shifters sense him as he approaches and surprisingly, they are armed with swords which they point at him. He doesn’t know if he should be offended at the swords pointed at him or if he should be glad that whoever resides inside the carriage is important enough to need guards – which ultimately means that they must have at least some healing supplies.He keeps some distance so as to not aggravate the other shifters and bows low, hoping one of them would come forward so he wouldn’t need to shift in order to communicate with them. One of the guards parts from the loose semi-circle in which they stand before him and starts walking towards Hoseok but the door of the carriage flies open and somebody jumps down, forgoing the steps and landing gracefully on his feet. The guard that had come forward looks like he is about to say something but the other shifter – who Hoseok identifies as an alpha – raises a hand.The shifter standing in front of him is clearly a teenager just like himself and Hoseok spies the insignia of the Park family of Aelia on the cloak the boy wears over navy blue robes. Hoseok huffs out a breath, feeling relieved because the Park family has always had a good reputation in court.The blonde boy crouches before him and puts out his arm, wrist up – no hesitation whatsoever, neither in his movements nor in his eyes. The link between them opens up as soon as the mild scenting is over with and Hoseok all but pleads the boy.“Thank you - for trusting me so readily. You belong to the Parks of Aelia, don’t you?” the boy nods, urging him to continue. “I am Jung Hoseok, General for the Lupa Kim Clan. I’m in dire need of your assistance, young Park. I have an injured omega in my care and would like to request that you lend me some of your herbs and perhaps, a healer, if you have one travelling with you.”The boy’s eyes go wide at the mention of an injured person but then he swiftly stands and smiles at Hoseok.“You are in luck then, General, because I, myself, am a healer. And a damn good one for my age, if I may say so.” He chuckles at the last of his words. “Now then, where is your friend? Is he nearby? Because I don’t sense any other shifters around here.”“He is four hours that way.” Hoseok replies, pointing in the right direction with his snout.“Four hours, you say?” Park asks and Hoseok nods in response.“My Lord, We cannot delay our journey back by four hours. Your mother-““Oh shush!” Park cuts off the guard before he can finish. The boy doesn’t look too pleased. “Mother will understand. More like she needs to. A life is at stake here and it’s much more important than sitting around back home. She has to stop babying me so much, for Luna’s sake! I’m fifteen and an alpha.” His face scrunches up and he looks as though he’s had to iterate these same words numerous times. The guard shuts up and moves to stand back. “I will take what I need with me and as for the rest - I’m leaving it to you.”“But-…yes, my Lord.” The guard acquiesces at last and starts shouting orders to the others. In no time, there are sacks stuffed full of herbs and small pots filled with ointments, pastes and spare cloth at their feet.“Lets set out, shall we, General Jung?” Jimin gestures in the direction Hoseok had pointed in earlier and the older alpha nods.“Thank you, for doing this.”“It is my pleasure to help you.” Jimin says, removing his robe as he heads behind a thicket of trees so he could shift in private. “Oh, and how rude of me! I don’t think I’ve given you my name yet; I’m Jimin. Park Jimin.”   ***   Hoseok looks around the ruins of the temple as he has nothing else he could possibly do at that point. Some distance away, Jimin is leaning over the unconscious omega as he dips a wet cloth into a shallow bowl filled with water from the spring and cleans the shifter’s wounds.Judging from the position of the sun in the sky overhead, Hoseok assumes it must be around an hour before noon. However, though the sun is almost at its peak, the inside of the ruins is still only dimply illuminated as the only light is the one streaming in from the single window.The roof of the temple is vaulted and high, hidden in the shadows where the light is unable to reach. The walls are cracked, with green moss growing over the surface and vines growing out of the soil in the cracks. A few cobwebs litter the corners. Once upon a time, the place must have been vibrant and extravagant but now the ornate, metal sconces on the wall are broken and the paint has long faded to a dull, muddy color.“I’m finished.” Jimin calls, standing up and stretching after being on his knees and haunches for so long.Hoseok stands from where he’d been sitting and walks over. The omega is still asleep, chest raising and falling at more regular intervals than it had been before. He’d been awake for a brief few moments when Jimin and Hoseok had arrived in the late morning but passed out as soon as the elder alpha made him drink some water.Hoseok’s eyes dart across the omega’s bandaged body. Jimin had done a great job at cleaning and bandaging the wounds, a splint is affixed to the omega’s broken left leg by a cloth and the general only hopes that the bones heal well.“Thank you, once again, for coming out of your way and doing this.” Jimin waves him off. “Is there nothing else we could do, though? When, do you reckon, will he awake?”Jimin shrugs after giving it a brief thought. “I’ve done the best I could so the wounds definitely won’t get infected and that is the most important thing here. As for when he will awake…well, I cannot say for sure but it may take a few days. He’s tired – both mentally and physically – and needs plenty of rest.”Hoseok nods in understanding. “As long as he is no longer in mortal danger.”“He’s not. I assure you.” Jimin stresses, giving the General a friendly pat on the shoulder before going to pack his supplies. “But anyway,” the younger alpha lets out an exasperated huff, “Contrary to what I’ve told my guards, I actually do need to head back. My mother’s sure to punish them if I’m not there in time to stop her. Do you think you can take over from here?”“I-I think so…” he tries to sound sure, but Hoseok has no experience with medicine whatsoever so he’s a little afraid to be left alone with the omega. What would he do if the shifter’s condition deteriorates? “Are there any particular things I should pay attention to?”“Not much at all, actually.” The blonde shakes his head. “The soup should last you at least a couple of days since it’s fairly cold now and it won’t spoil easily, so make sure to feed him a bit when he wakes up. Make him drink lots of water and keep an eye on the ties around the splint – if they come loose while he shifts around do retie them tightly else the bone won’t align itself correctly while healing.” Hoseok makes a mental note of everything.“Thank you for everything, Jimin.” He bows slightly and Jimin rushes forward to make him stand upright, stressing that such politeness isn’t needed between them since they are friends from now on. “I hope we meet again soon, though hopefully, under better circumstances.”“Likewise.” The blonde smiles, eyes crinkling and turning into crescents, and in turn pulling a similarly bright smile from the elder.   ***   It takes another whole day for the omega to finally wake up.Jimin leaves almost immediately after finishing his treatment and giving some more instructions to the elder alpha. He makes Hoseok promise to write him a letter once the omega awakes and everything is better. Hoseok readily acquiesces because it’s the least he could do to at least marginally repay the younger.As he waits for the pale man to regain consciousness, Hoseok covers the omega with his robe to protect him from the chill and goes out to hunt. He comes back a couple hours later - having succeeded in catching two rabbits and a doe – and makes a fire. Not too close to the omega though, as he doesn’t want the man to choke on smoke in his sleep.He skins a rabbit and roasts it on a thick twig that he cleans and sharps with one of his daggers to make a skewer. The alpha then ladles some soup into a small bowl Jimin had left there earlier and heats it over the flame.Hoseok covers the top of the bowl with a clean cloth to keep away the insects and bugs and then saunters back to where the omega lies asleep. It’s evening now, and the high window casts strange shadows onto the pale skin of the man’s face as Hoseok studies him.The omega has soft, dark eyebrows and a small button nose that Hoseok finds endearingly cute. His hair is red – the shade somewhere between dark cherry red and deep brown; it looks incredibly soft even with the grime that Jimin hadn’t been able to clean away. The man has a sharp jaw line but his face still looks soft and squishy, even his closed eyes look soft. But Hoseok has seen the fire in them and he wants to see more of that spark.He stays like that and waits for time to pass. His eyes follow the lines of the omega’s features, the fluttering of his eyelids as he dreams, the cute pout of his slightly parted lips. He’s just short of being bewitched by the sight of the man before him and as his mind wanders, his hand unconsciously reaches for the man’s fringe where a few strands of silky hair have fallen over his forehead when the omega had shifted slightly. Hoseok’s fingers move back the hair and it’s just as silky as he’s imagined it would be; his fingertips just barely brush over a sliver of skin then-There’s a twitch in the omega’s jaw, his eyes snap open - furious and glowing blue – and he surges forward with his claws. Wait….claws? Was partial transformation still even possible for shifters in this day and age? But Hoseok is sure of what he sees, it’s definitely claws – and the pain he feels moments later is a testament of proof. Hoseok jumps back from the oncoming assault, scrambling to his feet. He feels blood trickle down the side of his face and neck and his hand shoots up to his ear – the upper part of it is thorn but thankfully the damage is only external.The omega tries to stand but the man’s leg prevents him and he hisses, both from the pain and as a warning to Hoseok to stay away. It seems like he doesn’t recognize the alpha.Hoseok throws up his hands, indicating he means no harm to the other. “Hey…calm down. It’s okay. My name is Hoseok – I brought you here yesterday. Do you not remember me? Take a deep breath and think, hm?” he softly urges the man. The omega’s fingers are still elongated into sharp claws and he tries his best not to stare lest the other feels offended. “I’m not going to hurt you.” He adds, wincing at the sting of his torn ear.The omega sniffs the air and his brows momentarily shoot up to into his red fringe. Hoseok watches as realization dawns on the man and the blue in the omega’s eyes slowly ebbs away, a sad look overtaking his face as he notices the condition of Hoseok’s ear.“I-“ the omega coughs, his throat too rough and parched to speak properly. “I am terribly sorry. I…I just reacted on instinct – I didn’t realize what I was doing.”Hoseok sees tears start to build in the omega’s eyes which are still fixed on his ear. He shakes his head, trying to smile reassuringly and make the other feel as comfortable and safe in his presence as possible.“It will heal. I often go to battle and sustain injuries far more serious than this one so it’s nothing for you to cry about. Instead, how would you feel about having some water first, and food? You must be thirsty and hungry.” He gestures towards the bowl of fresh water by the fire pit and then to the small bowl of soup that has miraculously remained untouched and in one piece. The man considers his words, eyes flitting from the water to the soup, and then nods his head – just enough for Hoseok to catch the minute movement.The alpha pours some water into a third, smaller bowl and tentatively reaches out his hand to pass it to the man. The claws – thankfully, holy Luna – recede, and the omega takes it from his hand, gulping it down greedily. He looks into the bowl curiously and then bites his lip as he quietly speaks. “Ma-may I have some more?”Hoseok smiles and nods his head vigorously, hopping towards the larger bowl and setting it down before the omega, implying with his hands that he is welcome to help himself to it as much as he needs.Something serene overtakes the air around them and everything proceeds slowly but smoothly – no more injuries. The pale man drinks his fill and then tentatively accepts the bowl of soup, which he finishes greedily. A cold breeze takes up and he shivers, Hoseok’s robes having fallen off of him when he’d suddenly woken up and attacked the alpha. Hoseok bends down to retrieve them and after dusting it off he offers the robes once again, which the other accepts shyly.Despite the earlier display of strength, the omega is rather meek and quiet. He doesn’t talk too much – only asks questions like how has it been since you brought me here?, who treated me? Why are you here? Who are you?The man still seems skeptical and wary of Hoseok but weirdly, Hoseok doesn’t want him to be. He wants the man to be comfortable in his presence and speak his mind, share his thoughts with the alpha.“My name is Hoseok.” He introduces himself, inclining his head. Although, he must have probably already said his name at some point, he realizes. “I am an Imperial General in-“ the man freezes then scrambles several feet back, eyes wide and alarmed. Hoseok’s mouth stays open mid-speech but no sound comes out.“Are-are…..do you come from the Northern kingdom?” the pale shifter stutters out.Hoseok immediately concludes that whoever it is that had harmed the omega must hail from afore mention territory. Rage bubbles up inside him. Exactly how many evil deeds does the Northern kingdom’s people partake in? First it was aiding his own father in his conspiracies of treason against the Lupa Kim Clan, then he discovered their involvement with the slave trader packs and now this…Oh! Hoseok mentally prays to Luna, hoping that that is not the case with this shifter but the omega must see it on his face because he curls in on himself, closing his eyes and biting his lip until it starts to bleed.Hoseok crawls closer, his hand hovering just in front of his face but not risking to touch the other, “Don’t do that, don’t hurt yourself…” he murmurs and the man releases his lip from between his teeth, tongue darting out briefly to swipe at the pinprick droplets of blood. Despite his genuine worry for the omega, Hoseok’s eyes still follow the movement of the pink muscle, the soft bow of his now moist lips. He shakes his head. “And no, I don’t belong to the North. I serve the Lupa Kim family.”The omega’s eyes soften and there’s just the hint of a smile. “It is my home too. I live in Aelia city – or used to.” The expression sours immediately and so does the scent. It smells like rotten fruit and Hoseok scrunches up his nose. The man notices the action and collects himself as best as he is able to. “Sorry…”Hoseok shakes his head. “If I may…may I know your name? And perhaps what has happened to you. I don’t dare to assume, but if what I’m thinking of is what really happened to you then it is a heavy crime that is punishable by the Laws of the Ancestral Lands. If the King of the Northern territory is aware of the evil deeds that transpire within his kingdom, then he is liable to stand before a council and answer to all the pack leaders and other kings on the Lands.”The omega snorts. It’s loud and derisive – scornful and disgusted. His face is a mask of rage and his body trembles slightly in anger. “Oh, he knows alright! His own son has a whole fucking harem of omega and beta slaves.” The omega grumbles and spits some more profanities that make Hoseok’s eyes bulge and his lips twitch from holding back his sudden urge to laugh at the litany of swear words. The omega catches him though, and shuts his mouth, blushing profusely and startling Hoseok even more with the continuous shift in attitude between pure, fiery confidence and quiet meekness.Hoseok coughs to clear his throat, and in a more serious voice enquires, “So, I’m guessing you were taken from Aelia to be part of this…harem?” The omega nods. “How did it happen? And how did you-““Yoongi.” The omega says, eyes meeting Hoseok’s just for a moment before flitting away to look at his own clasped hands that lay in his lap. “My name. It’s Min Yoongi.” Hoseok nods, smiling wide, and Yoongi smiles in return – just a tiny smile but it makes butterflies flutter inside Hoseok’s chest. He doesn’t know this omega – this Min Yoongi – but he wants to get to know him, wants to know everything about him. The happy parts, the sad ones, the confident part that makes him cuss with such amusing fluency, the shy side of him that is so endearing and cute. He doesn’t exactly know why he suddenly feels this way about a literal stranger, but he’s also never felt like this before. He doesn’t question it, however, because whatever this is, this growing attraction he feels – it feels cosmically right.“Alright. Yoongi.” He tries the name and it rolls off his tongue so smoothly, like music. He shakes his head again, calming his heart as he threads carefully, not wanting the other to recollect anything that might be too traumatic. But who is he kidding? All of it probably is – terribly traumatic and scary. “Were you, then? Made to be part of the harem?”Yoongi nods. “I…I was in Aelia, my whole family lives there. My parents are very strict and traditional – they never let me out much and I had few friends, probably only Nam-“ he cuts himself off, then continues. “Everything was going as usual but then one day my father came home in a hurry and locked himself in his office along with my mother. I could hear them talking and arguing but I was in my room, on the floor above, so I couldn’t make out what they were speaking of.“Then my mother burst into my room a while later and told me to pack. She never answered my questions as to where we were going, just took my luggage and the two of us got into one of our family’s carriages.”Hoseok nods and hums along to indicate that he is paying attention. The small details arrange themselves in his mind, trying to fill the spaces of the missing puzzle pieces. Yoongi moves on with his narration.“I remember that we didn’t get too far before our carriage was attacked. Mother was killed trying to protect me but what actually had me scared was the fact that the attackers were my father’s men.“The Northern king’s son apparently caught sight of me at some festive event and decided he wanted to have me. That fucking bastard. The nerve!“I suppose he’s made some sort of deal with my father in exchange for me but I was never told what it was exactly. I wouldn’t…well, spend the night with the son no matter what ways they tried. I stopped eating and drinking for fear that they might mix something into the food. They kept me prisoner at the castle and beat me every day. It was all I could do - not fall asleep lest they take advantage. I barely had any food or sleep in the approximately one month that I spent there before I managed to escape. One day, my wolf just snapped and then, well-“ he gestures to Hoseok’s ear and the alpha understands. The partial shift ability is a result of Yoongi’s wolf trying to save him.“This is just preposterous!” Hoseok exclaims when Yoongi seems like he is finished. “How fucking dare they!?” There’s silence and he looks up to see Yoongi looking at him intently. “What is it? Is something the matter?”Yoongi blinks, shakes his head. He straightens his spine and rolls back his shoulders. The omega looks like he’s resolved himself to something. For some reason, Hoseok feels apprehension crawl up inside him. He’s almost dreading of what Yoongi will say next. The omega’s scent is pure rage mixed with confidence and determination.“What punishment will the King and his men face should this come to light?”“An indisputable death sentence. They will go in the most painful and torturous of ways.”Yoongi’s face morphs into a grin. His eyes are sharp and there is an evil glint in them. “I know you’ve helped me a lot already-““Nonsense, that-““Please, hear me out, Hoseok.”Hearing his name being said by Yoongi for the first time shuts him up. He regrets it immediately, though.“You’ve done so much already, but I would like another favor if possible. “ Hoseok nods, presses Yoongi to continue. “You saved my life and if not for you I would have surely been fodder for the wild animals already. I’ve decided - I don’t have anything to repay you with so from now on, I’m completely yours. I will follow anything you say and-““What!? No! Yoongi, wait-““Listen!” The voice echoes deep and loud inside the ruins of the temple. Hoseok falls quiet. He will let the omega finish speaking and then he can reprimand him for what the other is clearly implying. He doesn’t want to own Yoongi. He wants to get to know him and be his friend. Yoongi doesn’t need to repay him for anything, especially with his own freedom. “I just want this one thing - I don’t care about anything else.”Hoseok waits patiently as Yoongi takes a deep breath and looks him in the eyes as he says his next words.“I want revenge, Hoseok. I want to be the one to personally kill the King of the Northern Kingdom and his son.”Hoseok’s jaw drops and he just sits there, staring at the determined look on Yoongi’s face.  *** 
  
    Chapter Text
    For a moment there, Hoseok wondered if he might be hearing things. Yoongi’s determined and unmoving expression was telling him otherwise, but he still needed to confirm.“Did you just…?”“I want to be the one to kill them.” Yoongi repeated with a tone that left no room for argument.Hoseok sighed. Honestly, he did not know where all this was going; His father was involved in a treasonous plot – and he might be one of the original masterminds behind it; The Royals who have been silent and distant for centuries were now making random attacks on shifter kingdoms and independent packs; The rogue packs were dallying with humans and selling off their own kind to be experimented on; The King of the North seemed to have some involvement in all of the afore mentioned happenings. And the omega before him seemed like the most defiant person on earth. Hoseok’s gut told him that even if he refused the omega’s request the other would try to fulfill his wish in some other way; A way that did not have Hoseok’s involvement in it.The alpha did not want to leave Yoongi to pursue such a dangerous mission on his own – out of Hoseok’s sight. It didn’t sit well with him. The alpha sighed again. It hadn’t even been a full two days since he’d come to know the omega – and even less than a day that the other was actually awake – but there was a certain pull there that he could not ignore.“Alright. I shall see what I can do once I get back to court.” Hoseok acquiesced. “The King does take such issues with utmost seriousness and will not let go of it lightly. I’m sure a meeting would be convened by the month’s end - with all of the leaders present - and with your testimony, the Northern King will surely be stripped of his title and executed along with his son and others involved. By then, I shall put in a word with the King so that you might be given the right to carry out the execution.”Yoongi’s eyes bore into him as he spoke so he’d lowered his gaze, being unsettled by the intensity in the other’s eyes. It had been a mistake though, because Yoongi was shirtless and at present, Hoseok’s robe was only loosely draped around the omega’s shoulders, revealing an expanse of pale skin and sharp collarbones. Hoseok shut his eyes, his thoughts split into two completely different directions. Even shut, his eyes had retained the image of bare skin, almost making a blush creep up onto his face. But then, as his mind focused of the rapidly fading image, he saw them again – the bandage around the omega’s waist, the more shallow cuts that were left uncovered after an application of a layer of ointment, the large ugly-looking bruises. None of it had any right to be on the omega’s body. His face was flushed by now, but from anger at what the other had to suffer. A snort and an unsatisfied hum prompted him to open his eyes and raise them to meet the omega’s.“That seems to be a rather nice and orderly way to do it. “The other smirked, a glint in his eyes. “But I don’t want that.”The alpha blinked. “Um…that is the only way you would be able to kill him yourself, though. Once the Ancestral Land’s Council has convened-““What I meant was-“ Yoongi cuts him off before he can continue his ramblings about the Council’s proceeding. “I want to go to his doorstep myself. I want to stand before him in his own throne room where he feels invincible and untouchable, and spit in his face and rip his throat out in front of all his advisors who know what’s been happening in the castle but have been ignoring it for ages. They have ignored me. My pleads and screams to be set free, my tears and my pain. I’m not above hurting those who have hurt me first, Hoseok. I don’t want to give them a quick death. I want them to suffer and be humiliated and then die slowly - agonizingly slow and painful.”Hoseok was left stunned and speechless. He did not respond for quite some time after that and just there quietly, his eyes tracing unseen patterns in the dust on the ground. He heard Yoongi huff and shift, robes rustling as he drew them tighter around himself.Afternoon and evening came and went with them not saying anything to each other except Yoongi asking Hoseok to help him outside so he could take care of his business and Hoseok interrupting Yoongi’s naps to force some food into him.He did not know what exactly went on in the omega’s mind during that time but as night drew closer, Hoseok found himself more and more accepting of the other’s plan. For once, his heart, mind and wolf came to a unanimous agreement with his decision and at that moment he knew. He would follow Min Yoongi to the end of the world even if the other didn’t want anything to do with him.“I will do it.” He murmured into the night, the flames of the low fire crackling between them as they lay on their sides on the hard, stone ground.Yoongi had been facing away from him but at this, he rolled around onto his other side. His expression was a mixture of surprise, hope and apprehension.“You will do what?” Yoongi probed slowly, unsure.“I will help you kill the King of the North.” Hoseok states confidently and upon noticing this the omega’s lips quirk up into a slow, tentative smile. “It is high time he pay for all his evil deeds.”  ***  Time passed slowly.It’s not like Hoseok’s agreement to help kill the Northern King meant that it would happen within the next day. First and foremost, Yoongi needed time to heal – both mentally and physically – especially his leg. Next, they would need to find a way to sneak into the palace, kill the King and escape safely. Hoseok wasn’t so naïve as to expect that they would be leaving the castle unscathed – regardless of the success of their mission – but he needed to make sure that they would at least leave the place in the best possible condition.The first day after Hoseok had agreed to help Yoongi fulfill his revenge passed much like the previous one, with them eating, napping and making some light conversation.At one point Yoongi seemed to realize that it hadn’t been Hoseok that treated him because he questioned the younger.“I’m guessing you weren’t the one who bandaged me up?” the older piped up suddenly as Hoseok was surveying the different pots of ointments Jimin had left, his brow furrowed in concentration as he tried to remember which ones Jimin had told him to use for Yoongi’s injuries and then match the names of the herbs with the labels on the pots. “Not to be rude, but you look like you have absolutely no inkling as to what you’re doing.”Hoseok puts down the two pots in his hands and turns to meet Yoongi’s gaze with a sheepish smile, chuckling lightly. “Well, no. I mean yes, I haven’t got a clue as to what is what- “ he gestures exasperatedly towards the collection of medicine pots laid out in a cluster by the water bowl, “And no, I wasn’t the one who treated you.”“Oh!” Yoongi seems intrigued and looks around, although he already knows that no one is there except Hoseok. “Where are they then? I would like to thank them.”“It was an alpha healer I luckily came across while looking for help.” Hoseok explains. “Wait, didn’t you say you were from Aelia City?” Yoongi nods but the alpha sees him go a little pale for some reason.“Is-is he from Aelia?”“He is.” Hoseok confirms. “You may know him actually, since you both live in the same city. But Aelia is a big place, so maybe not.” He shrugs. Aelia was indeed a very large city, the second largest in the whole Lupa Kim territory, in fact.“What’s his na-name?”“Park Jimin.” The omega’s face falls, shoulders drooping. “What is it? Is he not someone you know, after all?”“He is.” The reply comes out mumbled and Hoseok isn’t sure why Yoongi isn’t happy. “I’ve met him before, once. He could barely even walk then.” He says the last part a little wistfully.“That is nice. If you know each other then he will be able to spread the news in Aelia so that it reaches your family. They won’t be worried for your safe-“ he trails off seeing the blank look on the omega’s face and then it strikes him that it had been Yoongi’s father that had willingly sold his own son in exchange for only Luna knows what and now the omega’s mother was dead. He probes slowly, “D-Do you have any other…family in the city or nearby?” Yoongi shakes his head. ”No one that cares for you and would be worried?”Yoongi smiles then, it’s all gummy and cute which makes Hoseok’s eyes widen. The omega’s orbs shimmer with memories, clearly happy ones. “There is someone. A…friend.” The smile is lost and a serious look overtakes his face in seconds. “It’s why I’m worried. I don’t want my friend to know that I’m alive. At least not right now. Not when I don’t know for sure that I’ll still be alive after trying to kill the Northern King.”“Isn’t that the more reason why you should contact that friend of yours?” Hoseok feels a little jealous at the pure happiness that even just the bare memories of the other person evoke in Yoongi, but it is someone the omega holds dear and he would never begrudge that, even if it meant both he and his wolf were drowning in a green pool of jealousy. “I sincerely hope it doesn’t end up being the case, but it could be the last time you may see him in this life.”“I…I don’t want to burden him anymore than what I’ve already done.” Yoongi confides. Hoseok wonders if the older will ever let him in enough for Hoseok to learn the full story. “Let’s just pray Jimin hasn’t recognized me or if he did, that he find me first before going to his cousin.”“Cousin?”“Ah, yes. Jimin is a relative of my friend’s. That’s how we met.” Yoongi smiles at another fond memory. This time it’s just a simple smile, though.“It is up to you to decide.” Hoseok says and the omega directs one of his smiles towards him. This time, Hoseok does blush.  ***  The village at the border of the Northern Kingdom’s territory is almost miniscule; Hoseok surmises that no more than a hundred people inhabit it.The huts are old and poorly built, some of them on the verge of falling apart. The people are quiet – even the children just noiselessly follow after their parents and guardians. The markets lack the usual raucousness of the vendors and the people’s faces are devoid of happiness.All of it seems dull and sad.Hoseok scours the markets and finds Yoongi a couple spare pairs of attire – it has been three days already and the omega was still dressed only in the thorn-up pants and the alpha’s robe.The people look at him curiously, the population too low for them not to realize that Hoseok doesn’t belong to the village. Surprisingly, for a border village, there are no guards in sight.It’s as though the village were abandoned by the King and his court – and maybe it really was. It takes a week before Yoongi’s leg heals enough – boosted by the faster healing ability of shifters – so as to not hurt too much when they try to move him. The older male protests when Hoseok once again carries him in his arms, deeming his leg still too weak to hold on if he were to do so on his back; But in the end Yoongi gives up and only scowls and pouts angrily at Hoseok all the way to the inn in the village. Honestly, Hoseok had a hard time not chuckling at the other’s expression which was way too cute – in his opinion. He’s pretty sure Yoongi wouldn’t appreciate for his angry face to be described as cute.They rent a room at one of the only two inns in the village and he quarrels with Yoongi for the first time because of it. The squabble is of no particular importance – just Yoongi’s need to be independent and self-providing. The older insists on paying Hoseok back when he is in a position to do so – both for the clothes and the room. Hoseok stresses that Yoongi doesn’t owe him anything but Yoongi refuses to accept any more free favors. Hoseok leases the room, carries Yoongi inside and ignores him the rest of the day. In the end, Yoongi can’t stand the uncomfortable air between them and acquiesces.They spend the mornings and afternoons planning, gathering information about the Northern King and his castle. Everything they might need to know is within their reach because it just happens that the village they were staying at was mostly inhabited either by retired or cast out officials of the court and their families. However, determining who they can trust and actually getting them to spill the beans was tough. Hoseok was a stranger to the people there and no one really wanted to step forward and give up such confidential information to someone whose allegiance they did not know. Yoongi was no better - the elder’s movements were still restricted after two weeks and thus he was confined to their room, unable to help much - though him being an outsider too would have put him in the same position as Hoseok anyway.The evenings were more relaxing. Hoseok would bring them food from the inn’s kitchens and they would eat together in their room, accompanied by some light banter. Yoongi smiled more - which Hoseok loved. The omega also seemed to become completely comfortable to Hoseok’s presence – which the alpha also loved. At first, he was shy and wasn’t really that forthcoming in speaking about himself but as days went on Yoongi had started to open up to him and it was delightful.At first glance, Yoongi’s behavior seemed typical of a traditional omega – meek, shy, disciplined and obedient. Too reserved. But that superficial shell was quickly scraped away, revealing an unstoppable force of nature in its wake.Yoongi knew at least double the amount of vile words and profanities Hoseok did. He cussed and swore at every mention of something or someone he didn’t like. Yoongi spoke about galloping across vast eadows on horseback and letting his wolf run free in the wilderness. He spoke of his dislike for humans that roamed the streets of his hometown that were closer to the sea and the docks. The omega had an opinion on everything – from the laws that governed the co-existence of Shifters and Fey on the Ancestral Lands to the human encroachment into their land. Yoongi had also, surprisingly, confided in him that he knew how to read and write – though not fluently. Honestly, Hoseok didn’t care whether Yoongi was literate or not – why would he need the ability to read and write when he already had all the knowledge required stored in the depths of his mind?He was curious though, as to how an omega who was clearly raised in such a traditional family was able to educate himself so extensively. From what he’s come to gather about Yoongi, his family would have never let him do all the things the omega told him of.“Did you study in secret, then?”“Naturally!” Yoongi shot him a proud, satisfied smirk. “I’m not one to follow rules and besides, what’s there to life if I’m not living it for myself? Growing up, all they tell us omegas is be invisible, listen to your mate, take care of  your home and pups. Why do I have to be invisible? I’m a person - just like any alpha or beta out there - and my voice and opinion matter too, does it not?” It’s not really a question, rather a strong statement. But Hoseok nods at it anyway because he has always had the same views on this subject as Yoongi does.“You managed to learn all of that on your own?” Hoseok asked, quirking a brow when the other shakes his head.“No, of course I had some help.” The omega states rather mischievously but then the excitement dulls and he looks a little distant as he speaks, once again lost in memories. “Remember that one friend I mentioned before? The one I didn’t want knowing about me being alive?” Hoseok nods affirmatively, “Well, he was the one who helped me.“We met when we were pups and he’s been my closest friend all my life. He practically taught me everything I know now and without him, my life would have been absolute hell.”Hoseok hums. There is a tiny fraction of him that feels jealous. He doesn’t know whether it is the fact that Yoongi is so fond of this - still nameless - man he calls his best friend, or if it is because after listening to Yoongi speak of all his teenage adventures Hoseok wants to be the one in those memories instead. Deep down inside him, he wants to be the one to spend time with Yoongi and teach him things that make him smile so softly when he speaks of it.He knows he shouldn’t be jealous of Yoongi’s friend. Rather, he should be thankful to the man for accompanying Yoongi through the tough days of the omega’s stringent upbringing.Hoseok does it then. He mentally thanks the Lupa and the mysterious alpha friend for helping Yoongi bloom into the amazing person Hoseok’s come to know in the last few weeks.It’s not like he knows everything about the omega though and with a warm fluttering inside his chest, Hoseok realizes that he is willing to spend the rest of his life getting to know the smallest things about Yoongi and making him smile that soft, gummy smile of his.If only Min Yoongi would let him.  ***  The village’s people slowly warm up to Hoseok and Yoongi, who finally ventures into the streets after his leg is fully healed. It is still impeccably slow but gathering information becomes slightly easier now that they have the assistance of locals.They don’t pry head on, rather only subtly hint at what they would like to know about during their conversations. A defamed court advisor provides them a map depicting the layout of the castle, though its accuracy is rough and uncertain as the map was drawn based on the advisor’s memories and it’s been almost a decade since his banishment from the castle. A retired castle guard promises to introduce them to his niece who apparently works as an attendant in the palace and assures them that the girl would be happy to oblige should they ever need her help.Hoseok and Yoongi don’t discuss their plans openly, preferring to do so in the confines of their room. They still have their meals away from the dining tables on the lower floor of the establishment, relaxing and just enjoying each other’s company.The alpha didn’t expect it, but Yoongi seems as interested in Hoseok’s early life almost as much as Hoseok was in the other’s. The omega’s quizzing is never direct and it always takes him slightly off guard whenever Yoongi just casually drops a question : What is your sister like? Why did choose a life serving the crown? Have you ever been in love? What are you doing in the North if your hometown is the royal city of Mircea?Regarding his enquiries to Hoseok’s purpose in the Northern kingdom, the alpha doesn’t give Yoongi an immediate answer and Hoseok sees it in the shifter’s face that Yoongi understands from his silence that it must be important. Hoseok mulls over it for a few days and in the end, decides to come clean. After all, Yoongi has confided to him his deepest and most hurtful secrets, let himself be seen as vulnerable in front of Hoseok who he hasn’t known long. Hoseok realizes that if he wants Yoongi to be a part of his life – be it either simply as a friend or something more – then he needs to be honest with the omega.One evening, Hoseok sits Yoongi down at the tiny wooden table in their room that they use for meals, and tells him all about his father’s plans and his own quest to find evidence of the treason.When Hoseok’s finished telling him, Yoongi gently takes his hand and commends him for choosing to do what is morally right despite the fact that it involved going against Hoseok’s own father.Hoseok feels a weight lift off his shoulders at Yoongi’s acknowledgement – a weight he’d never known was there in the first place.  ***   Hoseok loitered around the inn’s kitchen, waiting for a kitchen help to bring over the tray with his and Yoongi’s afternoon meals. It had become a sort of routine after a month and a half.He wondered if he would be punished for being away from the palace for so long, for leaving his duties as a General unattended. The Lupa Kim Clan’s alpha King is kind and generous though, so he doesn’t think he would receive anything more than a strict reprimanding and extra work for a couple of weeks. Hoseok muses for a minute, trying to figure out if he is taking advantage of the king’s kindness to shirk his duties but then again, Hoseok is in search of evidence that would incriminate his father.In the beginning, it had been just Hoseok trying to help Yoongi in his need for revenge. But now that the omega knows Hoseok’s purpose in the Northern Kingdom, the other always makes sure to subtly probe for any hints of information that would likely be helpful to the younger.It is during his routine duty of waiting for their meal to be delivered that Hoseok senses someone’s eyes on his back. He controls his scent and his reactions, not wanting the other to know that he’s noticed them. It’s the same in the evening and the next day and the day after that. Each day he would go out and feel someone’s eyes on him whether it be on the lower floors of the inn or when he is out and about on the streets. He confides this to Yoongi so as to not keep him in the dark and so that he would be aware enough of their surroundings should something happen.On the third day since sensing this suspicious presence around them Yoongi and Hoseok go out to one of the taverns. It is dark outside, the sun having already set a few hours prior. The tavern isn’t too crowded, smells of ale, wine and a mixture of scents that belong to the patrons spread around the tavern’s premises. Yoongi and he settle at a small table in the shadows, at the furthest corner of the room. The eyes are still on them, however, this time they actually see the person behind the intense gaze and it leaves the two of them a little flabbergasted.Yoongi leans in towards him just a little, leaning his elbows against the dark wood of the table top.  “Am I dreaming or is the person who’s been following us around just a pup?”Hoseok scowls at the omega’s choice of words. “He might be young but he doesn’t look to be much younger than I am – a couple years at most. Do you mean to say I’m a pup too? Being over eighteen doesn’t mean everyone younger than you is a kid.”Yoongi rolls his eyes, the corners of his lips trembling as the omega tries not to smile. “Alright, alright, you big bad alpha. You are not a pup. There, satisfied now? Because if not you just have to suck it up for now since the kid’s looking at us.”The teasing startles him briefly as Yoongi’s never done that before but his shoves the moment into the back of his mind – to be reexamined in the dark of the night –and directs his gaze towards the young boy who is indeed looking right at them. The boy is clearly aware that they’ve noticed him because he inclines his head and stands up. Another boy of similar age joins him and the two walk towards their table. Hoseok feels Yoongi tense slightly and subtly runs a reassuring hand over the back of the omega’s hand.“Good evening.” The kid who’s been following them greets upon reaching Hoseok and Yoongi’ table, the other one just sends them an acknowledging grunt.“Good evening indeed, boys.” Hoseok replies. Yoongi is silent but tilts his head and leans back in his seat, studying the young arrivals. The omega is good at playing the role of someone confident and nonchalant, despite the reality being quite the opposite. Hoseok knows for a fact just how on edge the other must is – it’s in every line of Yoongi’s body, from the clench in his sharp jaw to the tight hold the older has around his glass of ale. “How may I help you?”“You are the ones gathering information about the King, aren’t you?” the taller one questions, though it is evident that he isn’t looking for a confirmation. By now, Hoseok has already identified him as an alpha and his companion as a beta. He knows they must have approached them already knowing Yoongi and Hoseok’s purpose here in the village, but the question was what did the two boys want with them?“I think you already have the answer to that.” Yoongi grunts from his seat, still maintaining that composed façade.“I know you, Min Yoongi.” The shorter boy pipes up and Yoongi’s head jerks towards him before he can control himself. The hand around his glass pales, knuckles going white and veins popping slightly. Hoseok is ready to pounce at the first sign of danger as a heavy tension begins to settle in the air.However, it is quickly broken by the taller of the two boys when he none too lightly hits his companion on the arm, making the other yelp.“Be quiet, Taehyun.” The taller hisses, “You have no sense of subtlety! Don’t antagonize them, we need their help.” The one called Taehyun mumbles something incoherent but Hoseok and Yoongi are more focused on deciphering the taller boy’s words. “I’m deeply sorry if that made you uncomfortable – it was not our intention to cause you alarm. What my brother means is that we saw you when we were spying on the castle.” He whispers, bowing to Yoongi and apologizing one more time.It’s as if the polite bow completely changes whatever opinion Yoongi’s had about the boys before that particular moment. Hoseok once again recollects the environment the omega had been brought up in. Not many alphas would bow down so low to an omega with no official rank, especially not to an omega like Yoongi who had submissiveness ingrained into him from an early age. Hoseok is glad that the submissiveness is just another faux layer of the omega’s multi-layered outer shell, the shell that Yoongi uses as a defensive shield so as to not get hurt by the evils of society towards his dynamic.“I don’t think this is a conversation we should have out in the open with so many prying ears and eyes around us. Follow me, kids. And Hoseok.” Yoongi smirks at the eldest alpha who stands immediately and joins the omega at his side as Yoongi begins to lead them towards the exit of the tavern. Hoseok looks back over his shoulder to see Taehyun scowl as the two boys scramble after them.“Kids?” he mouths to his brother, expression aghast. “I’m thirteen!”“Oh, shut up and just move along, Taehyun.” The taller says, then with a smirk adds, “kid.”Hoseok turns to face forward and silently walks at Yoongi’s unhurried pace as the eldest leads them towards the inn they were residing in.   ***   “So, why exactly were you two spying on the castle’s happening?” Yoongi doesn’t waste any time as he starts to grill the boys with a sharp look in his eyes.The four of them are back in their room at the inn, the door and windows locked, Yoongi seated at the table and Hoseok standing protectively just behind him.The two brothers exchange a glance and the taller boy nods, as if reassuring himself that he made the correct decision by trying to speak with the older two. “It was our sister.” He says finally, voice taut and quiet but steely for such a young boy. The strongest people are often the ones who’ve suffered the most and lived to tell the tale and Hoseok feels a lump form in his throat as he realizes that he is about to hear another story filled with sadness and hurt. “She suffered the same fate as you. She was grabbed off the street by the guards one day, just as he was returning home. Our parents had fallen prey to the plague and passed away half a year ago, and sister was the only adult left in our family. Now that she is gone, me and my brothers and cousins are all alone.” The boy tries hard not to choke or let tears fall. Hoseok feels like crying on the boys’ behalf.“Has she….?” Yoongi trails off. The eldest is no longer relaxed - his face irate and eyes broken, his own past suffering at the Northern prince’s hands is showing through the cold omega blue of his eyes.“Yes, she has passed.” The young alpha replies, eyes downcast as Taehyun  - eyes misty - clings lightly to his brother’s arm. “It was a couple of weeks before we saw them bring you to the castle.Yoongi nods, doesn’t say anything for a long while – no one does, in fact. The air around them is mournful and melancholic.Finally Yoongi moves to the bed and gestures for the boys to occupy the now vacant chairs. As expected, Hoseok, as if by a magnet, is pulled to Yoongi’s side and sits cross-legged on the bed.“What’s your name?” Yoongi asks.“Choi Soobin, and this is one of my younger siblings – Taehyun.”Yoongi’s eyes are no longer glowing blue but they are piercing and probing as he asks his next question. “And why have you reached out to us? What do you plan to do hence forth?”Soobin raises his head. Gone are the sad faces and misty eyes as the elder of the two brothers answers. “It has come to our understanding that your ultimate goal is to put an end to the Royal bloodline of this kingdom, and if you will have us – me, my brothers and my two cousins – then, we are willing to lay down our lives and help you in any way we can.”Hoseok watches the omega’s face as Yoongi’s brain works, as he considers every little itty bitty bit. The elder alpha doesn’t meddle, chooses to leave the decision up to Yoongi and the boys, after all, it is their revenge and their pain.Yoongi grins wide, gums showing. “You will have to introduce the rest of your lot then, if you are to loiter around us then I at least ought to know their faces and names.” And just like that Hoseok knows that the decision is made and finalized. The boys’ faces light up and immediately dull, almost giving Hoseok vertigo. A side glance towards Yoongi answers his confusion – the omega’s face is stern and eyes narrowed as he looks at the two boys. “However, there is just one thing I would like to clarify. No one is laying down their lives. We go into this together and come out together - otherwise it’s all nothing but a waste. Your sister wouldn’t have wanted you to avenge her at the cost of your own lives, would she?”Soobin and Taehyun shake their heads. “No, she wouldn’t have.” Soobin agrees.  ***  Hoseok has never been more glad or proud of his position as an Imperial General. His aptitude for combat proves handy in helping train the three alpha and two beta boys who join them and he is amazed to see the rapid pace at which they manage to learn.Hoseok teaches them the sword, the bow and also hand- to-hand combat. The boys are friendly and eager, take pointers well and practice hard. In a month’s time, they already come very far.But they are still young – very much so. Except for Soobin, it hasn’t even been a year since the others’ presentation. Hoseok is aware that Yoongi plans to face the king and his son head on and he is worried for the young boys. He is okay with them running errands and gathering information but he dreads the day they would be involved in an actual fight that involves blood and death. He is hoping they will at least wait a couple years before executing their plan but he knows for sure that neither the boys nor Yoongi have patience to wait that long.They are hurt deeply and want reprisal before they will be able to start a new chapter of their lives.  Yoongi has no experience with the bow but his swordsmanship basics are strong enough. Instead, the omega asks Hoseok to spar with him as Yoongi tries to gain proper control over his still fairly new ability of partial shift. This way, the omega’s movements are not restricted by the size of his wolf form and his blows are much harsher due to the sharp and sturdy claws.“Are you absolutely sure you don’t want to wait longer? As you say, the boys are still kids and taking them to a fight that is definitely going to blood-““We are not taking them with us.”Hoseok was in the midst of applying ointment onto his arm where Yoongi’s claws had grazed him during practice earlier in the day. When he hears Yoongi’s words he stops to stare at the man, a brow quirked up questioningly.“You mean we aren’t bringing them with us when we go into the palace?” Yoongi shakes his head. “Then why did you say you would let them help get their revenge?”“We will avenge their sister, just not in their presence.” Yoongi states. “The boys won’t be coming along, it will be either the two of us or just me alone.”Hoseok’s eyes pop and he whirls around to look at Yoongi who’s been resting beside him. “I’m not letting you go alone! Don’t you even dream of it.” He says harshly, narrowing his eyes at the omega. Yoongi shrugs and sends him an innocent smile. Hoseok huffs and resumes treating the shallow gash on his upper arm.His good uninjured hand falters in its task when he feels Yoongi’s head on his shoulder.  He feels the movement of the other’s body as Yoongi sighs and feels the heat seeping in through his clothes.It’s the closest and most intimate they’ve ever dared to be with each other and Hoseok once again wonders if there is a chance Yoongi might be feeling something for him too, something other than friendship and camaraderie. It’s been months since he’s met Yoongi, since he realized he wanted the omega in his life. His eighteenth birthday had come and gone with the whole gang going out on a picnic in the forest; Hoseok would have preferred getting drinks at the tavern instead but then Yoongi had reprimanded him for setting a bad example for the kids; the kids in question had only laughed at his mildly disgruntled expression. It’s been weeks since he’d accepted just how deeply he’s fallen for the omega but Hoseok never once voiced his intentions. Yoongi might have caught his longing and wistful stares more than once but the omega has never addressed it either.Hoseok knows that Yoongi has grown attached to him since their first meeting but he doesn’t know if the attachment is a result of Yoongi’s true emotions or just an after-effect because Hoseok had saved him. Sometimes, Hoseok feels as though they were in a limbo, both not voicing what they feel for each other, the relationship between them shrouded in uncertainties. Hoseok is scared of being the first one to speak out. He fears that formally requesting Yoongi’s permission to court the omega might be the wrong decision and he would end up loosing the closeness that’s bloomed between them.Yoongi nuzzles further into the material of his shirt and for a moment Hoseok thinks that the omega must have fallen asleep and were doing it unconsciously - but then Yoongi speaks:“Have you thought of what you are going to do after all this is over? When you find the evidence you need and turn it in and the Northern King is dead?”Hoseok hums in reply. He has thought about it, of course, but all his musings so far had included Yoongi in them and he’s not ready to confess that to the other. Instead, he settles for a more basic answer that he’s sure of.“Well, I’ve left my posting at the castle for far too long, so I’ll definitely be going back to resume my duties.” He says, willing the slight shiver away as Yoongi twists his head to look up at him and the omega’s breath tickles the column of his neck. “Besides that, I’m not too sure. I guess I’ll just leave it up to fate.”“Fate, huh…” Yoongi repeats, eyes distant. He gets up then and starts stretching; Hoseok feels the chill of the air now that the warm contact between them is gone. It’s deep into winter but the first snow has been long overdue, the ground beneath their feet is clear. Their garments are thicker now, heavier – and it makes training so much more draining than it would be otherwise. Hoseok briefly imagines Yoongi in the middle of a snowy field, his skin so pale it’s almost the same color as the powdery substance itself. The alpha thinks snow would suit Yoongi immensely – the omega was like a blizzard; beautiful to look at from afar but deathly and dangerous at the same time.“What about you? Will you go back home?” he asks, eyes closely following the omega’s every movement. He tries not to, but it’s almost impossible. Yoongi’s dark robes and red hair complement his complexion, his cheeks are dusted a pretty pink – a consequence of the chilly air’s bite – his lips are a pretty pink bow, if not a little chapped. His every move is languid but calculated, not a step without predetermined purpose. Yoongi turns towards him mid-stretch and Hoseok averts his gaze – not subtly enough though. Their ears burn in a shade of pinkish-red but again, Hoseok doesn’t know if Yoongi’s are that way because of the cold or for the same reason his own are. Yoongi looks into the distance, in the direction of Yule – the capital of the Northern kingdom.“I’m staying here, in the north. When the king and his son are dead, the people will need someone to take charge; else the rogues will pick the towns apart. I’ve always wanted to be part of a society where omegas are completely free and safe and I want to build something like that.”“So you will stay here and try to build such a place alongside whoever takes the throne next?”Yoongi turns back to him, eyes meeting and gazes holding as he smiles that amused smile of his.“Not exactly.” He starts, “Because that whoever? That’s going to be me. I will take the crown, become king and build a country where omegas can be themselves without any repercussions. A new world.”By now, Hoseok had already lost count of the times Yoongi’s words, ideas or actions surprised him enough to leave him speechless and gaping.  ***  He receives a letter one morning just past his nineteenth birthday, delivered by his trusted pet falcon, Claw.The letter is from Jiwoo and the news it brings is not something that makes Hoseok happy. She writes about Prince Jungkook’s presentation, about the late Queen’s will that had been finally found more than two years after her passing; She writes about the celebratory ball planned by the council that would also be a matchmaking occasion for the younger prince as a consequence of Prince Seokjin not having to marry until twenty unless of his own choosing – something the Queen had insisted upon in her will. She leaves the juiciest part for last.  At the end of the letter, she states in her neat penmanship that she’d been chosen as a potential mate candidate for the youngest prince, her candidature also approved in the queen’s will.Hoseok knows their father well. The elder Jung would waste no effort and time to cement Jiwoo’s position and would definitely push for an early engagement. Hoseok sighs as he heads to find Yoongi to tell him that he would have to leave for a couple of weeks to prevent any further scheming on his father’s part.Yoongi is understanding. He smiles at Hoseok and hugs him close before they part. The warmth of Yoongi’s body against his lingers for several hours, so does the puzzling expression he’d glimpsed on the omega’s face just briefly before the usual mask was in place.As he bounds along the dusty roads and the foliage of the Whispering Woods he thinks back on the past several months with Yoongi, and then Yoongi, Soobin and the other boys. More than a year and a half had passed in the blink of an eye.He doesn’t know of a lot that’s been happening back home, his only correspondents being Jiwoo and his mentor, General Song. He feels bad for leaving Jiwoo with their father for so long, especially since she knows of the treason, Hoseok having confided in her just before leaving for the North. He tries to imagine her face, to picture how tall she must have gotten, how much prettier. He imagines an increase in wrinkles and deep lines on his father’s aging face. General Song must have grey hair on his head by now, well into his fifties but still strong and fit.He even thinks of the Lupa Kim Clan’s ruler’s ever kind face and they way he would try to make his stress unnoticeable to the council. He doesn’t know if anyone else on the council has noticed but Hoseok and his mentor always did.He recollects Prince Jungkook’s toothy grin and big, round eyes. Glimpses of Prince Seokjin’s beautiful face as he snuck around the palace, cleverly managing to avoid everyone but Hoseok.The wolf skids to a stop, dirt raising and swirling around him before it settles back down. There was once a time when Hoseok had compared Yoongi and Prince Seokjin. To be specific, he had compared the impeccable way they could always mask their true feelings in an instant, they way they always wore a mask unless alone or surrounded only by those they deeply trust.There was an expression Prince Seokjin always wore when he thought no one was looking: when the omega prince would follow behind Hoseok’s father for lessons, when a palace guard says something untoward to him and he can do nothing about it, when anyone in the castle would speak about marrying him off for the sake of the kingdom’s alliances. Soon after, Hoseok’s father would storm out of the study hall with a grim expression on his face, grumbling how the omega prince was insufferable. The guard would slip down the stairs and break a limb, or break some expensive decoration in the castle and have his wages cut to compensate. A scandal about a certain loose mouthed noble would come to light.Prince Seokjin had never been allowed to study anything related to war, would never be required to fight on a battlefield. However, life of a noble - and a member of the imperial bloodline at that – was a battlefield in itself and that expression was Prince Seokjin’s battle shield; something he hid behind before delivering an unexpected killing blow.What stopped Hoseok was the realization that Yoongi had that same kind of expression on his face when they had parted not even two days prior.
  …either the two of us or just me alone.
He is consumed with trepidation as he turns around and zaps through the forest at record speed, praying to Luna that he is wrong and Yoongi hadn’t left for Yule yet.  ***  It’s been four days since he’s seen Yoongi.His heart is a mess as the streets of Yule fly by him in a blur. There are people gathered on the streets, rumors already going around of a sleek blond wolf battling the castle guards and bloodying the city’s barracks.He knows the blonde wolf is Yoongi; his suspicions had been confirmed the moment he got back only to be greeted by a confused and frazzled quintet, no Yoongi in sight.The five shifters run behind him, Soobin’s large grey wolf and four smaller ones. The castle gates are ajar, no guards – at least not the kind who were still breathing and alive. The path from the gate to the castle was littered with bodies drenched in blood; throats gnawed open, limbs ripped, guts oozing and blood seeping into the dirt and cobblestone. The red painfully reminded Hoseok of Yoongi’s hair.Once inside the palace’s walls, Hoseok let his nose do the work. The blood and the fear mixed with the dead guards’ scents was strong but he could still smell him; smell Yoongi’s sweet honey and orange. The stone walls vibrated from the shouts and growls that were coming from somewhere on the upper floors.The brown wolf halted before the wide open doors of the hall that was obviously the throne room. His five companions scrambled to a stop, moving in around him to get a better view.A raised platform stood in the middle of the room, the floors and walls plain grey, the throne made of gold that has long past lost its shine. A half moon of guards stood between the King, his son and Yoongi in his partial shift form. Another half moon blocked Hoseok and the others from moving further inside.Hoseok saw Yoongi’s wolf ears perk up, the distance between them close enough for the mind link to open up.“Hoseok, you came back.” Yoongi still faced forward, not risking anything lest he gets attacked in a moment of weakness and distraction.“Of course, I came back, you brazen omega!” Hoseok screams at him mentally, feels Yoongi laugh. “I turned around the moment I realized what you were up to.”“Thank you, for making it in time.” Yoongi says it like a caress, soft and gentle. It almost feels like a goodbye but thankfully his next words reassure Hoseok as the mind link fills with Yoongi’s confidence and determination. “I feel stronger now that you are here. I feel like I can do anything and everything.” And then the mind link is shut off.Some of the guards have noticed the six wolves in the entry way and turned away from Yoongi’s back to point them at Hoseok and his group instead, preventing their entry.“So, my pretty whore is back.” The Prince laughs, the King snorts at his sons words, looking powerful on his throne.The scent of rotten fruit is prominent. Yoongi is overcome by emotion, anger being the most prevalent. Hoseok focuses on his own pheromones, makes his scent spread around him. Yoongi senses it, inhales, calms down.The sole omega in the room raises his head to look straight at the prince. “Do you even know what being a whore entails? I don’t think you do.” Yoongi starts, his eyes blazing that cold blue Hoseok himself is sometimes afraid of. He never wants that cold, piercing gaze to be directed at him. “Well, let me clarify it for your sake – a whore is a promiscuous person who fucks everything they see without any sense of right or wrong. If it’s anything to go by, then between the two of us clearly the whore is you – seeing as I’m still untouched. How many people have you put that dick into? Do you have a count? Because I would love to rip you apart and put you back together just to repeat it for every time you’ve fucked someone against their volition.”“Shut up, bitch!” the prince shouts and both Yoongi and Hoseok growl at the same time. It echoes menacingly inside the throne room. The prince takes a step back. “Guards! Capture him and take him back to the dungeon or kill him, for all I care. Just get him out of my sight!”The guards start forward but Yoongi raises his voice before any of them can strike. “I challenge the King and the Crown Prince for the title of King of the North!”Everyone freezes, including Hoseok whose eyes are wide. All the shifters in the room turn to look at Yoongi, even the guards who’ve been holding off Hoseok’s party. A direct challenge is sacred. The practice has been ingrained into wolves since ancient times and the one could always challenge a pack alpha for the position and for wolves, kingdoms were nothing but names and territories of the extended pack. A challenge for the position of King worked the same way as one for that of a head alpha. Hoseok was aware Yoongi wanted to step in as the next king but he never would have imagined a challenge.But then something else clicks in the alpha’s mind and the fear bubbles up to the surface again because Yoongi had just challenged two wolves to a fight to the death. – a fight where Yoongi would be up against two wolves more powerful and experienced in battle than he was. But what worried Hoseok was the fact that Yoongi might have to fight them both at the same time.Declining a challenge would make one look weak and fearful in the eyes of others so the King and his son have no other way around it.“We accept the challenge!” the King’s booming voice reverberates off the stone walls and ceiling as he answers for both himself and his son.The King stand, pulls of his robe. To the side, the prince mimics the movements. They don’t bother going away to shift, just do it as they are, ripping their clothes in the process. Two massive grey wolves descend from the raised platform and circle Yoongi who chooses to stay in his current partially shifted form.At first, Hoseok wants to rip the guards apart and join Yoongi in the fight, however, just as the brown wolf takes a step forward Yoongi’s voice flows in. “Trust me, Hoseok. I need to be the one to do this if I’m to be king.”Hoseok trusts Yoongi, as afraid as he is for the omega. “I trust you, Yoongi. Rip them apart.” The link closes again as Yoongi focuses on the fight.The two grey wolves are unyielding, almost feral. They bite and tear at Yoongi’s skin, at his clothes. Yoongi is covered in deep gashes and bite marks. Hoseok’s heart clenches.But he doesn’t move. He doesn’t move because he trusts Yoongi and because Yoongi is actually winning.The omega is sleek, fast and precise. Just as he always was during practice. His blows are not many but they are incredibly damaging and fatal. He plunges his claws into the prince’s guts, cuts shallowly along the king’s jugular, breaks one of the princes hind legs by twisting it. He focuses on blinding them, on imparting as many heavy injuries as possible.The King collapses first, his age not in his favor. The prince makes a mistake, looks back to the collapsed older wolf for a second. It’s enough for Yoongi to surge forward and strike, speed being the most prominent advantage of partial shift. The prince slumps onto the floor beneath him, eyes dimming as fast as the king’s did.Yoongi won.
  Yoongi won.
Hoseok thinks it’s over but apparently not yet.Yoongi is heavily injured, out of breath. He collapses closer to the platform that holds the king’s throne. The guards don’t move, just stare around them with astonishment painted on the ghastly faces. Hoseok wants to shift and go hug the omega to death but he catches movement and the glint of a knife.A shifter in official robes, perhaps someone on the council, surges forward with a wide-bladed dagger in his hand. It’s aimed right at Yoongi’s nape and Yoongi is still too occupied in controlling his breathing to notice. Hoseok is too far away, he knows he won’t make it in time – the alpha panics as he jumps over the guards.Just as Yoongi finally becomes aware of the presence behind, and just as the point of the dagger is about to make contact with pale skin, a blur descends from above, zapping by so fast it’s difficult to make out exactly what it is. The official looses the grip he had on the dagger and Yoongi swipes it out of the air, turning the point around and plunging it into the official’s chest – right into the shifter’s heart.Hoseok sees Claw fly out of the hall, through a gap in a window that’s missing the glass panel.  ***  It takes a few weeks to get everything in order.The perimeter is secured, guards and officials who were loyal to the former king are either exiled or executed. Alphas and betas are sent away, only those few mated ones who swore allegiance to the new Omega King able to remain. Yule was now an omega safe zone and soon, so would be the rest of the kingdom – The Pale King’s Realm. Hoseok had said the name on whim when Yoongi had asked them for suggestions and then the omega insisted on sticking with it.Their team worked efficiently. Plans for a border wall are made and materials were being procured for the construction to begin.Word spread across the Ancient Lands of a new King, an Omega King who had defeated the previous monarchs. Everyone referred to Yoongi as the Pale King – only few knowing his actual name or face. Yoongi wanted to keep it that way, wanted to be able to blend in with the people should he ever need to venture into the towns and villages beyond the palace walls.A month after Yoongi takes the throne a visitor knocks on the palace doors. Hoseok pulls the blonde boy into a hug when Soobin ushers him into Yoongi’s study.“Jimin! I’m glad you could make it here on such short notice.”“Honestly, I was too excited to even think of anything else once I heard what happened and realized who the omega king might be. I was fairly surprised upon receiving your letter, thank you for inviting me.”“Nonsense, Jimin. You are responsible for saving my life as much as Hoseok is, if not more. You will always be welcome here.” Yoongi pipes up in his deep, melodic voice, walking from behind his desk to stand by the two boys. Jimin startles briefly, but then smiles and throws himself into the omega’s arms.“Yoongi!!” he squeals like a child. “How many years has it been?”“Too many, Jimin.” Yoongi chuckles, disentangling himself from the younger alpha’s arms. “Sorry for not keeping in touch.”“Mhm…”the younger shakes his head. “Joonie used to talk about you all the while so I’m actually pretty up to date with most of everything that’s happened to you before…before your supposed death.”Hoseok concludes that Joonie must be Yoongi’s best friend and Jimin’s cousin. The alpha still remains a sort of taboo topic for Hoseok to pry into despite knowing Yoongi for almost two years.“You haven’t told him, have you?” Yoongi asks, hopeful.Jimin shakes his head. “I did not. At first, I waited for news of your recovery because…if you weren’t going to make it then I didn’t want him to hear of your death for the second time. The first time broke him enough.” The two of them look sad. Yoongi takes Jimin’s hand as he thanks the blonde. Meanwhile, Hoseok wonders at the familiarity with which Yoongi carries himself with around Jimin despite them speaking to each other for the first time in over a decade. Jimin is just such an easy presence to be around, it seems - a kind and pure soul. “Later, when I realized that you were the Pale King, I wanted you to have time so you could tell him yourself.”“I will, soon. Just not right now when everything is still so fragile.”Jimin stays with them for a week, is by Yoongi’s side almost all the time. The new King is busy with court meeting and documents. Hoseok barely sees him, talks to him maybe once or twice throughout the week. Jimin is a huge help; he reassures the General that Yoongi is doing good whenever they cross paths.The day before Jimin is set to leave, Hoseok senses a change in Yoongi’s scent. The omega was in pre-heat.Yoongi calls for him, Jimin and Soobin for an audience in the throne room. The King’s chair has been replaced with an elegant seat cut out of white marble. The bloody floors were scrubbed clean and painted entirely black with the insignia of a white rose in the centre that has become the kingdom’s unofficial emblem.The three of them were the closest people to Yoongi and meeting in the throne room felt too distant, too official.Soobin’s nose scrunched up and Jimin too had to school his expression to normal as the omega’s scent wafted close. Yoongi only seemed amused, watching their reactions with a smirk plastered on his face.“Your Majesty, what was so urgent that it couldn’t wait until after… you know.” Soobin gestured with his hands off-handedly, clearly speaking of Yoongi’s pre-heat.“It’s exactly my current predicament that made me decide on something.” The three listen attentively. “The kingdom needs someone to look after it while I’m indisposed. You alphas got lucky with your ruts being at least three months apart.” The Pale King scowls.“So you finally took advisor Ki’s prompt and decided to name a regent?”Yoongi nods. “I called you all here so I could make an official announcement before my heat becomes unbearable.”Jimin winks at Hoseok, patting him on the back. Soobin eyes are also on him as Yoongi speaks up again.“I have been thinking about it for the past week and finally have decided that the kingdom’s regent is going to be….” Yoongi had been looking at Hoseok until then but at the last moment he shifts his gaze to his left. “Park Jimin.”Hoseok startles. Beside him Jimin squeaks, Soobin gaze moves between the other two alpha’s  and the Pale King. At that point, it was obvious that all three of them had expected Hoseok to be named as regent.“Me…?A-Are you serious, Yoongi?” Jimin manages after a side-ways glance towards Hoseok that the eldest alpha doesn’t miss.“If you want it, the position is yours Jimin. You are rational person and a good friend; I don’t think I have to look any further for the right candidate.”“I…”   ***  Jimin ends up happily agreeing to being the regent, despite how far away he would have to be from Aelia. Soobin and Jimin leave and Hoseok is alone in Yoongi’s presence.“Are you done packing, then?” The Pale King asks, relaxing now that it was only the two of them. Soobin and Jimin were people close to their hearts but the level of comfort between Yoongi and Hoseok was greater.Hoseok had concluded that he’s put off Jiwoo’s situation for way too long. Luckily, his father hadn’t proceeded with the engagement but by now everyone in the Lupa Kim Kingdom was fairly sure that out of all the candidates, Jiwoo would be the final choice for Prince Jungkook’s mate. He had to go home and do something about it before anything they might regret happens.“Mhm, not much to pack so I was done rather quickly.” Yoongi nods at his reply, head tilting as he studies Hoseok’s face.“So…this is it? Where we part?”“For now…” Hoseok says, “We’ll meet again in the future. You can always ask me anything, just send me a letter and I’ll be over in a jiffy.” He tries to smile but thinks it comes more as a grimace.Yoongi stands, comes down the half dozen steps of the raised platform on which the throne stands. The freshly renovated chamber is white, silver and pale gold – all colors Hoseok has come to associate with the pale man before him.“I would hug you, “ Yoongi says, taking Hoseok’s hand in his, “but I don’t want to make your wolf uneasy because of my scent.” Hoseok wants to reassure Yoongi that it’s okay to hug him, that he is used to Yoongi’s heady heat scent after knowing the other for so many months, that both he and his alpha crave for that scent on his skin. He doesn’t though. Instead, he clutches Yoongi’s hand and lifts it up, placing a gentle kiss to the pale knuckles that have faint scars over them.“Until next time, then?” he asks, smiling, running the pad of his finger of the back of Yoongi’s palm.“Until next time.” Yoongi nods.Hoseok takes him in – the regal robes, the dangling earrings, the white gossamer of his shirt; the blush on his cheeks that was most probably a side effect of the heat. He smiles and leaves.His footsteps reverberate in the empty hall of the throne room. He stops at the high doors, thinks better of it and doesn’t look back, just bites his lip and shuts the door behind him.There is a short corridor between the door to the throne room and the hall that leads off towards the rest of the palace, the door at the end of the corridor is smaller though. He heads towards it, his steps are quick but it still seems far away no matter how much he walks. It’s as if fate is extending the distance, extending the time so he would still be there when the event planned by fate occurs.And just as he puts a hand against the door that leads out he hears a creak behind him.“Hobi!”It’s Yoongi. Hoseok blinks but it’s really him and the omega is walking towards him at a rapid pace, almost breaking out into a jog. Hoseok’s hand leaves the door and he turns towards the omega, taking long steps to met him in the middle. Yoongi stops just a foot away from him.“Did you have anything else to say to me?”“Were you really going to just leave? Just like that?” Yoongi’s voice is trembling a little. It’s been ages since Hoseok’s last heard it being so vulnerable and defeated.“I…I thought you were okay with me leaving.”“Of course I’m not! How did you ever manage to come up with that conclusion!?” There are tears in Yoongi’s eyes and he reaches an unconscious hand to swipe at the soft underneath the omega’s eyes. Yoongi clutches at his hand.“I only meant to leave so I could resolve the things back home.” Hoseok sighs. Yoongi’s expression makes him spill his true thoughts and feelings. “But…but when you chose Jimin to be the regent, I guessed you didn’t want me to come back.”“Where did your General’s brain go to at a time like this?” Yoongi wails, stepping closer into Hoseok’s space. “Why would I make my mate be the regent when he is the one who’s supposed to be taking care of me when I’m unable to sit on the throne!?”That one sentence and the implication behind it is enough for Hoseok to truly know that Yoongi feels the same. He pulls the omega close, arms wrapping tight around his waist and back. In turn, Yoongi clutches at the front of his shirt and robes, buries his face in the alpha’s chest.Yoongi smells amazing, the subtle sweetness of his scent enhanced with the heat. Hoseok leans just a little back so there is enough space between them for the alpha to run the tip of his nose against the omega’s cheek, along the side of his face. His skin is so soft. Hoseok startles and pulls back when he feels Yoongi trembling but then he realizes that it was just his chest vibrating from the almost purrs that Yoongi was letting out.Hoseok chuckles, cupping Yoongi’s face in his palms and Yoongi finally opens his eyes. It’s not for long though, because a moment later they are leaning towards each other, heads tilting and lips parting slightly.The first contact of lips against lips is barely there but Yoongi’s purrs and the soft, unexpected squeak at the peck have Hoseok surging in. His lips glide against Yoongi soft mouth, interchanging between kissing the omega’s lower lip and then the upper one. Yoongi responds accordingly, clutches tighter at Hoseok’s clothes as one of the alpha’s hands leaves his face and slides along his back to grip at Yoongi’s waist.The omega gasps and Hoseok licks into his mouth when Yoongi’s lips part. The alpha kisses him hungrily, trying to make up for all the times he couldn’t do this throughout the two years they’ve known each other.A low growl rumbles deep inside him when Yoongi lets out a soft moan, his voice still more high pitched than Hoseok’s generally used to hearing. The alpha shifts them, moves them away from the center of the corridor to lightly press Yoongi against one of the pillars that line the corridor’s walls. He uses the hand on Yoongi’s face to tilt his head sideways, providing access to the omega’s neck. One of Yoongi’s own hands has long slid to grip at Hoseok’s hair, tugging gently every time Hoseok nips his lips or the sensitive skin of his neck.Hoseok distantly smells a burst of something deliciously sweet as he moves lower on the omega’s neck, aware that he was sucking hard enough to leave marks. Yoongi pats him on the chest, lightly shoves him back just enough for him to be able to look into Hoseok’s face as he speaks but not enough for the contact along the lines of their bodies to disappear.  “H-Hobi, st-stop. We need to stop.” Hoseok raises his head to look at him. Yoongi’s face is flushed, his ears burning red. He knows that he own state must similar because Yoongi’s lips are twitching, holding back a smile.“What is it, my king?” At that Yoongi does laugh, pinching the inside of Hoseok’s arm none too harshly.“It-It’s the heat. We should stop.” Hoseok almost unconsciously sniffs at the air then and finally realizes that the rich sweetness from earlier is Yoongi’s slick; the omega is a blushing mess in his arms, his pale complexion doing nothing to help hide the color. Hoseok nods in understanding.The alpha walks Yoongi to the King’s chambers, stops at the door with the omega standing at the threshold. Yoongi gazes at him lovingly before pulling him close and kissing him again – it’s soft and fleeting this time. A temporary goodbye. They both know that Hoseok wouldn’t be spending this particular heat with Yoongi, the omega understands that Hoseok can’t delay the trip home any longer and Hoseok appreciates that.“I love you, Jung Hoseok. “ Yoongi surprises him with his words upon pulling back. The surprise quickly blooms into warmth.“I love you, My King. “Hoseok says, voice and gaze soft and almost reverent. “I love you, Min Yoongi.”  ***   To his relief and immense confusion, the situation back home doesn’t take long to resolve.The final decision Hoseok and Jiwoo end up with does complicate things a little because it plays right into their father’s ploy but he thinks he should wait and see how things go.The confusion arises when he arrives home on the day of the ball, albeit very lately and only barely in time for the last hour of the duration of it. In that small amount of time between the start of the ball and Hoseok’s reunion with Jiwoo, his sister has somehow managed to bond with the youngest prince.Jungkook is kind, polite, charming for his age and he seems to be comfortable around Jiwoo. When Hoseok asks why it was so, Jungkook gives him a two part reply. One being that Jiwoo was his mother’s favorite and he trusted her judgement. The second reply was that if they were just pretending for the sake of marrying into the royal family then his older brother would figure it out quick enough and put an end to it.The day of the ball is also the day he officially meets Prince Seokjin for the first time. It’s amusing to see the elder prince act so withdrawn and meek. However, once the prince decides he likes the Jung siblings, the other side, the one Hoseok has only caught glimpses of, surfaces.Kim Seokjin becomes his next favorite person, following immediately after Jiwoo and Yoongi.It takes him a month to finish up everything and head back to Yule. By the time he arrives, the construction of the border wall was well under way and Beomgyu greets him at one of the openings in the wall where a gate is supposed to be.Jimin greets him outside the throne room and Hoseok bows to thank him for taking care of Yoongi and the boys while he’d been away. Jimin only scowls at him.“You don’t have to thank me. After all, we are family.” He says and gestures to the closed doors. Yoongi was inside. His heart rate picks up when he realizes that he would finally be seeing his omega after so long. His omega. His love. His King.“I know, but, thank you anyway.” He calls after the blonde who was already heading down the corridor.Hoseok places the palm of his hand against the door, the wood is smooth and has a soft fragrance that lingers. He pushes the door open and Yoongi, who’d just reached it on the other side, falls into his embrace.“I’m back, my king.” Hoseok says and Yoongi chuckles into the material of his shirt.  ***  They were taking a walk away from the hustle of construction, outside the border wall and beyond the limits of their kingdom’s territory.It was late spring and the Whispering Woods was thriving.  Bees buzzed, birds chirped. In their short walk alone, they’ve managed to catch sight of rabbits, deer, elk, foxes and what Hoseok insisted was some kind of hybrid panther.A few friendly tree nymphs waved their way and one even made a flower crown for Yoongi. Hoseok liked the way it looked against Yoongi’s hair so much that he’s even asked the nymph to teach him on his next visit.They held hands and stuck close together throughout the day so much that Soobin, who was now the chief imperial guard, had mock gagged at their cheesy displays of affection and left them to their own devices. He was still following them – Hoseok could sense him – but it was over a reasonable distance.It was only when Yoongi noticed something peculiar that he tugged on Hoseok’s hand, prompting him to stop and follow Yoongi’s gaze.It was an elf, half hidden in a small grove of blooming fruit trees. The elf’s skin looked almost transparent and her body seemed to be partially melded into the bark of one of the trees. The elf’s hair was long and pale silver; it reached low and swept the ground when she curiously tilted her head as she looked towards them.“Are you one of them? Hoseok heard her say, surprised and perhaps a bit hopeful. She was looking at Yoongi as she spoke the words. “You are, aren’t you…?”“Are you speaking to me?” Yoongi asks her, confused. Neither of them are familiar with the elven woman. In fact, they don’t know too many of the Fey folk.The woman gasps, not answering Yoongi’s question. She mumbles a bit of gibberish, talks to herself for a bit before looking back towards Yoongi. “You are one of them.” She repeats. “Which one though? The warrior? The king? You are clearly not of Fey descent so you cannot be the seer…so one of the former two, then.”The woman mumbles some more, continues to ignore Hoseok and Yoongi and the omega’s barrage of questions. She shakes her head at last and soundlessly melds into the bark that had been part of her dress.Hoseok and Yoongi are left blinking and perplexed. For some reason, they cannot let go of the elf’s words for they seem important.However, in that moment, on that sunny day, the two had many distractions and failed to realize the full extent of the importance of those three words.The warrior, the king and the seer. ***
  Jimin: The Healer

  
I have 10 different photo editing apps on my phone...my poor phone storage.  
  
    Chapter Text
    “Yo-you a-are real?”A sound escapes Min Yoongi’s lips. It’s somewhere between a chuckle and a choked off sob. As though he were so happy he was on the edge of breaking down. “I’m real Namjoon-ah. “ Yoongi blinks and Seokjin watches as another tear rolls down his pale cheek, pink with the effort to stop himself from crying. “And I’m so, so sorry for not reaching out to you sooner. For letting you believe I was gone. I’m sorry, Namjoon-ah.”From the corner of his eye, Seokjin sees Soobin walk out of the throne room with a slight nod directed at Hoseok. When the prince’s gaze flits around the room and finally settles on his best friend, the alpha is already looking at him. The expression Hoseok wears is something like a mix of relief and apprehension.With a last look towards Yoongi, Hoseok descends the few steps of the platform on which the throne stands in all its white glory and gestures for Seokjin to follow as he heads for the doors. The prince acquiesces readily – Namjoon and Yoongi clearly have some hidden history that needs closure and he doesn’t want to intrude. Though he is curious, that is undeniable.Seokjin soundlessly walks behind Hoseok, dragging an open-mouthed Jungkook by the ear who looked confused and transfixed on the spot. Naturally, Jiwoo followed after her mate and once the four of them were in the corridor outside, Hoseok softly closed the doors.Down the corridor were another pair of smaller double doors and Soobin and Taehyun stood on the other side. Despite sensing the heavy atmosphere around the group, Taehyun seemed to have no idea as to what’s happened and he looked as perplexed as Seokjin felt.“Soobin-ah, could you take Jungkook and my sister to their rooms? I would like to have a chat with Jin here.”Soobin sends a mock salute the General’s way and motions for Jungkook to follow. Jungkook’s eyes slowly move to find his brother’s and when Seokjin nods, the younger turns around and leaves with Jiwoo and Soobin. “I guess that was Joonie…” Seokjin hears a voice by his ear. Hoseok sighs, gaze lingering on the now closed doors.Seokjin recollects how Yoongi had addressed Namjoon using that endearment. It takes him a moment but he realizes that Hoseok must have heard about the dimpled alpha from Yoongi before, though without really knowing that his intended was talking about Namjoon. It does sound cheesy when he thinks it, but fate indeed has an interesting way of putting things into action.Seokjin doesn’t know or understand why Namjoon has thought of Yoongi as being dead. Or, if he is alive and well, why hasn’t the elder omega bothered to contact Namjoon. Seeing the way the alpha’s whole persona seemed to shatter for a moment was suggestive of Yoongi’s irreplaceable position in Namjoon’s life.In that moment, Seokjin was briefly overcome with a feeling of something like protectiveness. For an instant, he didn’t care if Yoongi and Namjoon were old acquaintances or friends or lovers. He knew that Namjoon was sad and hurting and he wanted to protect him from all the evils of this world.Seokjin shakes his head to clear it of any such weird thoughts. The feeling is different, novel and it scares him a little. It scares him because he isn’t so sure where the feelings were coming from – his own self or his wolf that was bonded to Namjoon’s.The prince clears his throat and shoots Hoseok a not-so-subtle stink eye. “So…would you care to finally divulge the secret life of the elusive General Jung Hoseok who shirks his imperial duties to help wayward omegas overtake kingdoms and kill rulers who are rotten to the core?”Hoseok snorts and gestures for Seokjin to come along. They start walking down one of the corridors that lead away from the throne room, though it is in the opposite direction from where Jungkook and the others had headed.“I didn’t even help him that much, you know.” Hoseok states a minute later. Their pace is leisurely as he and Seokjin descend the majestic staircase to the ground level of the castle. They seem to be in a different wing from the one with the main doors that Seokjin had passed through earlier in the day. “Soobin and the boys did most of the work and Yoongi really was the one who defeated the previous king and his son all on his own. I got to kill a few guards at most.”“He is nice.” Hoseok’s head snaps to his left, now facing the prince, his brows raised in surprise.“What is that look you are giving me?” Seokjin asks.“Um…I just wasn’t expecting that. Such a calm reaction, I mean.” Hoseok’s head drops towards the ground as he looks away from Jin. He continues to lead the prince through the vast halls.“What exactly were you expecting then? For me to start screaming my lungs off?”Hoseok looks like he is considering Jin’s statement. The alpha shakes his head and laughs lightly. “To be honest, I myself don’t really know what I was expecting but certainly not for it to go this way.”“Mhm…” Seokjin smiles at his best friend’s reply. Maybe Hoseok’s heard too many of his temper tantrums and thus his first expected reaction from Seokjin ended up being an angry outburst. Well, could you blame Seokjin? Hoseok was the only one he could vent his frustrations to even remotely. “How long have you two been together?” Seokjin prods.Back in Mircea, Seokjin would sometimes hear gossips of romance from the castle attendants, servants and other noble omegas. Then, he’d considered it as just something to relieve his boredom because honestly, the gossips were the juiciest bits of outside information these omegas had to offer. Seokjin sighs. A shiver runs down his back at the recollection of all the boring and horrible conversations he’s had to have while entertaining those nobles. However, this is his best friend’s intended mate and someone Seokjin himself has admired and found to be interesting and charming. The prince wants to know more about the fellow omega he’s looked up to for several years now.Seokjin’s noticed how Hoseok’s eyes smile and glitter when he thinks about Yoongi. He’s once again glad that these two amazing people ended up with each other. “Well, I first met him around the time of your presentation.” Hoseok starts. Seokjin calculates the time in his mind. It turns out the two knew each other way before Seokjin had met the Jung siblings. “I guess the two of us knew we liked each other since the very beginning but we were acting like total idiots and kept expecting the other to make the first move and take it a step further. As for courting, we finally confessed to each other just before Jungkook’s presentation ball and officially started courting around then.”Seokjin pouts. “You are making me jealous with your starry eyes, Hobi. Do tone it down in the presence of single, lonely omegas such as myself.”Hoseok rolls his eyes at him but the prince sees the unvoiced question in them. It’s as though Hoseok is contemplating whether to ask him about it or not. Judging from their current topic, Seokjin easily deciphers what it is that Hoseok wants to ask about and makes the alpha’s decision for him by bringing it up first – he would have to do it eventually anyway.“Namjoon and I – our wolves are bonded.” He says and stumbles into Hoseok who’d stopped walking abruptly and was busy staring owl-eyed at him. “Apparently it happened years ago, but he’d never said anything to me about it. Also, it’s only one sided bonding. Either that or it was unconscious on my part because I don’t remember such a thing happening to me.”By that point in their conversation, they had reached a set of large, open double doors that led into the gardens outside. There was a path from the doors and leading away from the palace, it was pale, rough cobblestone inlaid with polished opal stones. Ivory vases about Seokjin’s height lined both sides of the pathway; they held bouquets of freshly picked white and yellow roses and ropes of black pearls wound decoratively around the vases’ necks. The gardens were clean but also mostly barren of vegetation since it was already well into winter, however, Seokjin still spied some white crabapple trees blooming not far from where he was. In the spring and summer months the gardens must look like they had in the prince’s dream.“Have…have the two of you spoken of it? About what you are going to do in that regard. ““Not yet, no. It’s only been a few days since I got to know of it.”“What would you do? I know you’ll probably reach some sort of conclusion after you eventually have a talk with Namjoon, but if the decision was solely up to you, what would you do?”Seokjin racks his brain. He hadn’t had enough time to actually delve deeper and think of a possible outcome for his predicament with Namjoon. But he also knows it would be painful and difficult for them for a long time if they decide to be with someone else instead of each other. Breaking a wolf bond certainly wasn’t as painful or as taboo as breaking a mating bond, but it still took a huge toll on both the bonded wolves.“I’m utterly clueless, Hobi.” Seokjin confesses, strolling through the groves of leafless trees. “I spent years hating him, spent years thinking he despised me as much I did him. But now that I’ve spent real time with Namjoon and gotten to know certain things and pieces of his past, I find myself thinking back on all our brief past meetings.“He’s never actually said it, you know; never ever implied that he might hate me. Gods, he was always rude as heck! But I was no better, was I? The only real problem I had with him was how he treated and spoke about omegas.“But even that was never directed at me. Well, probably it was, but only this one time,” Seokjin smirks to himself on remembering the tall alpha’s face at the Moon village, just after the prince had pinned him to the wall and given him a piece of his mind. “and I already taught him a good lesson for it. All the other times, he would at most just grumble about me stuffing my mouth with too much food.” Hoseok’s brow is quirked up in question, clearly expecting an elaboration of said incident in the Moon village that Seokjin was referring to. The prince shrugs him off, promising to tell him some other time.“So, are you trying to imply that Kim Namjoon isn’t actually as bad of a person as you’ve always preached him to be?” Hoseok chuckles.“I guess…” In fact, Seokjin actually thinks Namjoon is a really good man. Now that he knows him better, knows some of the reasons behind the alpha’s irrational behavior, he feels a little guilty. With Jungkook and his father, Seokjin had seen them over the course of many years – seen his father grow old and his brother grow up. He knows that they are good alphas. With Hoseok, Seokjin had given him time, had watched him like a hawk for several months before coming to terms with the type of person the alpha was.But with Namjoon? He’d judged him based off that one single statement he’d heard the alpha utter the day they first met. That one sentence got imprinted onto his mind so strongly that he’d never given Namjoon a chance after that. He remembers now, clear as glass; he remembers how he was the one to give Namjoon the cold shoulder when the alpha had approached him first on their next meeting. He remembers how Namjoon’s five days of stay at the Lupa Kim Palace started off with polite attempts at conversation; turning into curt replies and rude remarks about Jin’s eating habits and pretentious attitude and ending with barely a glance his way as Namjoon and his father had left for Aelia.He realizes now - that had he not judged Namjoon without knowing the whole story then perhaps he would’ve had another great friend, if nothing else.     “Mhm…he’s been vouched for by three of my friends now; leaves me no choice but to trust him too, then.” Hoseok says, but he does it as though he finds it rather funny. However, this brings another little detail to the forefront of Seokjin’s mind.“The day of the attack – you left me in Namjoon’s care since Jimin said you could trust him.” The prince asks and Hoseok is already nodding. The alpha can tell just which way this conversation was going. “So, I think it’s safe to assume that Jimin’s been in cahoots with you two since the beginning.”“He was just being a good friend to Yoongi and I.”“As opposed to us being good friends to each other. We’ve lied so much over the years that it’s become a sort of habit by now.” Seokjin sighs. There’s a bench nearby and he saunters towards it, suddenly feeling tired to his bones.“Glad you said we instead of you.”He scowls, shooting Hoseok a mild glare which disappears quite quickly upon seeing the other’s playful smile.They talk then, a lot. Hoseok shares what he knows of his father’s treasonous plot – which, honestly, doesn’t surprise Seokjin that much. He’s always known that Hoseok’s father was an irreparably greedy and dishonest man. He’s just glad that Hoseok and Jiwoo weren’t blind to the fact. The alpha then tells him how he found Yoongi, injured and dying in the forest, and how Jimin had followed him like an angel and helped patch Yoongi up. Hoseok briefly describes the circumstances as to how Soobin and the boys ended up with them and how Yoongi left to kill Yule’s old king by himself, almost leaving Hoseok behind. He also says that it was his observations of Seokjin himself that made him realize Yoongi’s plans.Seokjin speaks about the day his father had given him access to the Lupa Kim Castle’s secret passageways. Confides about using suppressants to which Hoseok tells him he’s already assumed as much. He tells Hoseok everything starting with his mother’s death and up until the current moment – excluding only what Seulgi had told him of Namjoon’s guilt over Baekhyun’s death. With that, he feels he should keep it to himself.In the end, the only revelation about Seokjin’s adventures and skills that seems to evoke any surprise within Hoseok is that Seokjin does not submit to the Alpha Voice. The alpha barrages him with at least a dozen questions in that regard and even politely asks if he may try and confirm it himself.“Place a hand over your heart, swear and say ‘Kim Seokjin is not the most handsome omega in the Ancestral Lands’” Hoseok says using his commanding Alpha Voice that would put most alphas to shame.“Yah!” Seokjin twists sideways on the bench to punch him on the arm. Of all the things he could’ve asked! “I am the most handsome ma- wait…let’s just say I’m tied with the fabled Pale King of Yule.” He can’t really deny it – Yoongi is a beautiful creature. Hoseok, meanwhile, has already forgotten that all this was supposed to be in order to confirm whether Seokjin really was unaffected by the alpha voice or not. Instead, his best friend is beaming with pride at Seokjin’s compliment towards the alpha’s future mate. Seokjin rolls his eyes.It’s not until the conversation steers towards the topic of war that the mood grows somber again.“We do not know the full story either.” Hoseok tells him after revealing the elder Jung’s involvement with the Royals and the attack on the palace. “Yoongi and I, we met an elf several years back, you see. She might have been a seer of some sort – I don’t know, we have been searching for her everywhere with no luck. That day the elf looked at Yoongi and started talking some nonsense about the warrior, the king and the seer and about how Yoongi might be one of them.“It’s not until a few months back though, that we heard something that made us look deeper into the elf’s words. Apparently, twenty years back there was an old seer who served the current Fey King. This seer delivered a prophecy that spoke of three omegas who would kill the Fey King and bring a huge change to the Ancestral Lands. In the prophecy, these omegas were referred to as the warrior, the king and the seer.”Seokjin’s brows furrow in thought. “But isn’t the ability of seeing the future something only the Fey are capable of? How could a shifter do that? Don’t tell me…”Hoseok smiles, nods at Seokjin’s slowly dawning realization. “The seer would have to be a hybrid – half wolf, half fae.”“Precisely.” Hoseok confirms.The idea of a hybrid seems a little unreal to Seokjin, a little far-fetched. Shifter-Fae hybrids were incredibly rare; romantic relations between the two species were generally frowned upon and most of all, the survival rate of a hybrid baby was terribly low.“That still doesn’t warrant a full-on attack on our species.” Seokjin states. “Even if, let us assume, the Fey King is afraid of being killed, then shouldn’t finding the three wolves in question and killing them be enough? Why go as far as to eradicate the whole species?”The disapproving look on Hoseok’s face shuts him up. He knows his words weren’t exactly ideal, but Seokjin was just stating an alternate solution unlike the one the Fey King had resolved to. The anger and frustration in Hoseok’s expression is too strong to ignore.“Hobi, what is it? I know it was wrong of me to say he should just kill-““Jin, what did I say the three omegas in the prophecy were referred to as?” Hoseok’s question catches him of guard. He tilts his head as he tries to recollect the alpha’s exact words.“The warrior, the king and the seer…?” he returns, a little unsure. There is a horrible feeling in his gut, as though he isn’t going to like what he hears next. And he doesn’t.“How many omegas do you know that bear the title of King? The alpha prods, words sharp, sharper than Seokjin’s ever heard. The prince realizes that he’s never really seen the full extent of what an angry Hoseok would be like, never seen the Imperial General side of him who won them many victories against the Yellow Kingdom’s armies.It dawns on him then. “One…” Seokjin  says, voice trailing off. Min Yoongi was the only omega king in history. Hoseok looks away from him, the alpha’s shoulders slumping and the anger slowly dissipating - being replaced by worry for his intended.The Pale King is one of the Royals’ main targets.Seokjin scoots over on the bench and winds his arms around his best friend in silent comfort. Hoseok sighs and leans into the familiar embrace.“It’s going to be okay, Hobi.” Jin tries to reassure him. “We will do everything in our power to protect Yoongi. He is a good shifter, a good man. I’m sure Lupa and the Fates will be kind to him and keep him safe, hm?”Hoseok sighs again. He turns to look at the prince as he speaks. “There’s more, though. You actually made a reasonable point earlier - when you suggested the Royals should just take care of the three omegas in the prophecy instead of killing every shifter they cross paths with. However, for that to be possible, they need to be aware of the omegas’ identities. The king was easy, Yoongi’s position doesn’t exactly make him inconspicuous.“But the other two omegas? That is where The Fey King faced a dilemma. Without the original Seer who foretold the prophecy and the seer’s lost apprentice who’s apparently gone into hiding, it was impossible to know if the remaining two omegas of the prophecy were already alive or are yet to be born into this world.”Seokjin thinks back to his time at the Moon village. The convoy had come to collect the wolves and Jin, along with everyone else, had assumed they were going to be forced into slavery under the Fey. But now that he thinks about it again, he finds it odd. Faeries had no need for pleasure slaves since they didn’t dally with shifters so the reasonable thing would be for them to take alphas or betas instead. However, all but a few shifters taken that day had been omegas.“They are going to kill all the omegas.” The truth is now clear to the prince. No omegas means no shifter-fae hybrids since all the recorded hybrids had an omega parent – something about omega genes making it easier for the hybrid babies to be born. Dread fills him as he thinks about the countless omegas taken by the Fey, not only those from the Moon village but from other places across the Ancestral Lands too. He thinks about Junsu and Junhee who bravely put their lives on the line so they could gather information for Lady Jiwon and the prince, he thinks about Eva who had been brave and not run away in the face of danger. He thinks how he’d promised to save them but now…now Seokjin comes to a horrible realization that they may not be alive by the time Seokjin finds them.Hoseok nods at him solemnly, but Seokjin takes one look at the alpha’s face and knows that that isn’t everything either. He didn’t think things could be worse than this but apparently he was wrong.“How do you reckon I knew of the attack on the castle in Mircea in time?”“You knew of your father’s involvement with the Royals and somehow got wind of the plans, is that not it?” Seokjin’s answer ends up being incorrect since Hoseok shakes his head vehemently.“I knew of the attack because we found the Seer.” The alpha states.The prince gasps in surprise. “No way!” If Yoongi and Hoseok already found the hybrid omega with the abilities of a true seer then that meant the prophecy, which Seokjin was still apprehensive of until that moment, was really legit. Hoseok continues unperturbed.“It’s a boy named Kim Taehyung. He’s seventeen winters old and a…friend of Jimin’s.” The slight pause makes Seokjin think that Jimin and this boy were perhaps a little more than friends but he makes no comment regarding that, instead fixing his attention on Hoseok’s next words. “He had a dream of the attack and told Jimin who in turn informed Yoongi and I. But Jinnie-”Since they’d started this discussion of the war between shifters and fey Seokjin had not liked a single thing that had come out of Hoseok’s mouth. Everything was becoming too complicated and he’s quite sure he won’t like the alpha’s next words either.And it feels a little weird too – how all of them are interlinked. Yoongi, Namjoon and Jimin knew each other since the time they were pups. Yoongi was Hoseok’s intended and even if it was assumed from Hoseok’s words alone, Jimin and Taehyung clearly seemed like they had something between them too. Seokjin and Jungkook, on the other hand, seemed to be completely unrelated to all this and the prince wondered how they fit in with the puzzle.Hoseok gave him his answer.“Jinnie, everything in Taehyung’s dream?” the alpha started, looking him dead-on in the eyes, “It all pointed to you being the last omega in the prophecy. Yoongi is the king, Taehyung is the seer. And you, Jinnie…are the warrior.”   ***   Unlike what he’d been expecting, Seokjin doesn’t get a chance to speak to either Yoongi or Namjoon that first day.Seokjin and Hoseok had spent most of the day in the gardens and surroundings of the castle with the alpha explaining the reasons behind choosing every color, flower and painting that adorned the castle’s walls and grounds. Unsurprisingly, everything seemed to have some association with Hoseok and Yoongi’s memories.Amidst the tour, however, Seokjin couldn’t stop his mind from wandering. And judging from Hoseok’s occasional reassuring smiles Seokjin was sure the alpha perfectly understood his dilemma and the tour was thus just an attempt at a distraction.Apart from needing time to process the revelation of his life being tied to a prophecy, the two of them were also trying to give space to Namjoon and Yoongi.Seokjin had been of an opinion that after the two would finish their talk either Yoongi or Namjoon would come up to them and clear the air. However, that wasn’t what ended up happening.Taehyun and Huening Kai had come to fetch them around an hour after sunset, which was really bad timing since Seokjin had finally succeeded in diverting his mind from thoughts of prophecies by looking at the mesmerizingly beautiful sky. Seokjin was first led to one of the many rooms in the castle so he could freshen up, while Hoseok clearly knew his way around so, unlike Seokjin, didn’t require an escort. Yoongi was absent from the dinner table – he had to reschedule a meeting with his advisors, a meeting he had pushed back upon knowing of Hoseok’s arrival and his reunion with Namjoon.Yeonjun and Taehyun were present at the table, the other three doing their job of guarding the absent Pale King. The two boys sat on one side of the table, on Hoseok’s left. On the other side, Namjoon was seated directly opposite from Hoseok, with Seokjin just beside him, followed by Jungkook and Jiwoo. The she-wolf seemed to be religiously ignoring her brother, probably for not telling her of Yoongi despite letting her know of their father’s plans.Jungkook ate quietly beside his mate, but he too seemed to be ignoring both of the Jung siblings. Seokjin disregarded everyone in the room sans Jungkook, who made no attempt at conversation anyway, and just focused on his food. However, he could still sense Namjoon’s occasional eyes on him. He also caught the unsure look Namjoon had whenever his eyes would raise to glance at Hoseok, and the pointed glare Jiwoo sent her brother’s way. He was really stressed, which manifested itself in the form of hunger, but the tense atmosphere over the table wasn’t letting any food slide down his throat without making it feel like he was about to either choke or throw up.The prince finally decided to break the tension - for the sake of his own appetite if nothing else - and looked around the room for anything that would make a credible conversation starter. He noticed the two gilded seats at each head of the table – one was clearly for Yoongi, the King.“Is that seat yours then, Hobi?” he voiced, staring towards the settee in question. Hoseok was in the process of bringing a spoonful of food towards his mouth but stopped mid-way to follow Seokjin’s gaze.“Um, no.” the alpha cleared his throat. “That’s the Regent’s seat. It’s Jimin’s.” Hoseok states, making Jin gape. Beside him, Namjoon just sighs, perhaps already been made aware of this fact during his conversation with Yoongi. Jungkook looks just as surprised as his brother, while Jiwoo, who had known Jimin only in passing simply quirked a questioning brow. Seokjin briefly wonders why Jimin was appointed as the Regent instead of Hoseok but doesn’t ask. Everything would be made clear with time, he thinks.Nobody tries asking anymore questions but at least the room feels a bit lighter for the rest of the dinner.But with no more distractions, the prince’s mind wanders again. He mulls over the prophecy, over his bond with Namjoon. He thinks back to Jungkook’s ruined marriage and how the younger still seemed so shy around his mate after everything. With thoughts of the marriage ceremony, however, come thoughts of something else - something that had occurred just a few days before it.Seokjin pales a little as he realizes that the constant jittering of his limbs and his lack of appetite might not be connected to stress after all. He counts the days in his head and his suspicions are confirmed.His heat is due the day after and that meant he would go into pre-heat by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.Well, what shitty timing.  ***  Their rooms were in a different wing of the castle from the Pale Kings – who undoubtedly shared it with his intended.The four of them were given rooms next to each other, with Jungkook and Jiwoo’s shared room being in the middle. The younger prince shyly followed his mate after a quick goodbye to his brother. Namjoon had lingered a bit but then bid him goodnight and headed for his own room. He must have sensed Seokjin looking because he turned at the door and sent the prince a small smile before disappearing inside.Something about Namjoon felt different, the look in his eyes lighter than it had been. As he settled into bed, Seokjin once again mused about the change in the alpha’s aura and wondered if Namjoon’s reunion with Yoongi had somehow lifted a bit of weight from the alpha’s shoulders.A few hours into the sleepless night, Seokjin was convinced his pre-heat wouldn’t wait until afternoon to kick in. He could already feel the slight raise in his body’s temperature; could feel it as the sensitivity of his skin increased and even the bare brush of the soft blankets as he tossed in bed made his skin erupt in goose bumps.The prince was turned on his side, gazing towards the open doors of the balcony that was visible on that side of the bed when a soft knock on the door alerted him of a presence outside. For a brief moment, Seokjin panicked but then the scent of the sea wafted in through the closed doors.It was definitely unexpected – for Namjoon to come looking for him so late into the night. Seokjin sat up in bed and called out quietly, not wanting to wake the rest of the castle up. “You can come in.”Namjoon hesitated for a while – the prince could tell because it took a considerably long moment of waiting in the silent room before the door creaks halfway open. Seokjin could make out a shadowed silhouette, illuminated only by the glow of a single lit candle in his bedroom and the few burning torches in the corridor outside. Namjoon didn’t enter the room and instead just stood at the threshold, looking so obviously nervous. Jin tilts his head as he studies the alpha, wondering as to the reason behind this unexpected visit. It was as though Namjoon knew what he was thinking then because his eyes finally lifted away from the floor to look at Seokjin.“You were feeling restless.” Namjoon states in an almost neutral tone. Maybe Jin was a little restless – his mind was loud with all kinds of thoughts and his heat was not helping either. Jin wondered if Namjoon knew, if he could tell from his scent that the prince’s heat was due soon. And again, in the same manner as earlier, Namjoon speaks out Seokjin’s thoughts. “It’s the bond. I could feel you being awake a-and…ugh, I shouldn’t even be here when you’re about to-““Stop rambling, Namjoon.” Seokjin sighs out. He says it more for himself rather than to save the alpha from the need to talk about Jin starting his heat. Their wolves are greatly reacting to each other’s presence and Seokjin gets almost overwhelmed with how strong the alpha’s scent seemed to be right then. He imagines Namjoon must be feeling the same as him, seeing how tightly the alpha’s fists were clenched. Seokjin scoots over to the other side of the bed and pats the mattress; The only other settee available in the chamber was out on the balcony. “Take a seat first – before you combust from all that nervous energy.”As expected, Namjoon hesitates again and only proceeds to join Jin on the bed when the prince gives the mattress another encouraging pat.“This is really awkward.” The alpha says after a few minutes of silence pass between them.“Well, I’m waiting for you to start talking so ultimately, you are the reason behind this awkwardness.”“Talk about what?” Namjoon asks, looking at his lap. “I just came by to check on you.”“Bullshit,” The prince scoffs. “You don’t look like you were sleeping in the least bit either, Namjoon. Is it related to Yoongi being alive?” For an instant, Namjoon looks like he is going to protest, to bluff his way out of the impending conversation. Seokjin almost wants to glare at him until the alpha would open his mouth, but on the other hand, he doesn’t want to force Namjoon to do something the alpha doesn’t want to. Seokjin grew up doing lots of things he didn’t want to do and saying things he didn’t mean. He wasn’t about to force the same on someone else.Fortunately, apparently he doesn’t need to because Namjoon speaks first.“My father used to tell me stories about you - when we were younger, before I presented even.”It’s out of the blue and completely irrelevant to anything that’s been happening in the last several weeks. But Namjoon is talking and the alpha’s father was one of the few court advisors Seokjin actually did like, so the prince listens. He is especially intrigued to know that Namjoon’s father had talked about him – he hopes it was only the good stuff though and not how he used to get into trouble all the time up until his mother’s passing.Seokjin legs are drawn up, tucked into his chest. His chin is supported by his hands which are folded over his knees as he looks at Namjoon with interest, wanting to know more. Namjoon seems to relax marginally and he shuffles a bit until he is sitting cross-legged with his back against the headboard. The alpha’s eyes stare into the shadows of the barely lit chambers as he speaks.Even since before the Queens’s death, Seokjin had always made sure to converse with Namjoon’s father whenever their paths in the castle would cross - the elder had been one of the drastically few people who would approach the prince with genuine kindness - but he would have never imagined that those brief greetings and conversations would leave such a deep impression on Namjoon’s father.By the end of Namjoon’s narration, Seokjin realized that apart from his secret endeavors in learning arts that were not meant for omegas and his adventures outside the castle Namjoon knew of almost every event in Seokjin’s life starting from around when he was ten and all the way until Jungkook’s presentation.“He used to talk about you even later - but I had stopped listening.” Namjoon confesses.Seokjin is smart enough to put together a timeframe and realize that if Namjoon had not been paying heed to 0his father’s tales since Jungkook’s presentation ball then it also meant he’d stopped listening to the stories after he’d finally met Seokjin in the flesh.“I’m guessing I didn’t make much of an impression then.” Seokjin mumbles out. “Or made a really bad one…I must have seemed a lot different than what your father’s descriptions made me out to be.”Namjoon hadn’t looked at him ever since starting to narrate his father’s stories, but at that moment he finally turns to face the prince. “Quite the opposite, actually. You were everything father made you out to be and even more.”Jin thinks he stopped breathing for a while there. He doesn’t know how to react to that statement. Especially because his first impression of Namjoon wasn’t the best and since he’d though…“Don’t tell me…”Jin starts. It appears that recently he’s realizing a lot of things but far too late – too late to change the past. “Your eyes – they turned red that day…” Jin doesn’t need to continue because the alpha clearly understands what the prince is implying.“Yes, that was the exact moment my wolf bonded with yours.” Namjoon finishes for him, confirms the prince’s budding suspicion and the dread bubbling inside him triples in an instant. Dread at the comprehension that his hatred for Namjoon had started out of a misunderstanding on Seokjin’s part.“Oh.” His lips are parted slightly, but no other words seem to want to come out of his mouth. What does he do at this point? Apologize? Regret?In the end he does neither, and just sits quietly as he lets Namjoon speak, only belatedly realizing that the alpha had diverted the conversation from the original topic of him and Yoongi.   *** 
  @
 It’s just as he’d predicted.It wasn’t even that late into the morning but his insides are already scorching hot. The instinctual need to be filled and bred is clawing at all the limits of Seokjin’s self control.There had been only very few heats since his presentation where he’d actually been coherent enough to think and make proper decisions. And the loss of control had always terrified him – especially during those rare difficult heats when he had resorted to partners.    Seokjin’s robe and shirt were long discarded, thrown somewhere on the floor. The air in the room feels both too cold and too hot at the same time and he spends too much time just wrapping and un-wrapping the cocoon of blankets around himself. The sheet covering the mattress was already damp from the sweat on his back and the excessive slick that had started to pool between his legs.The need to seek some sort of relief is strong but he doesn’t dare to reach his hand lower on his body just yet, he wants to wait for as long as possible before succumbing to the uncontrollable carnal desires.Namjoon’s scent that still lingers on his sheets and pillow just makes it so much harder to resist. Seokjin’s omega is so wound-up because of the alpha’s pheromones in his room that Seokjin’s eyes don’t stop glowing blue even if his heat was still in the starting stages.In a moment of weakness, Seokjin remembers that morning. He and Namjoon had fallen asleep sometime mid conversation, neither being able to recollect the exact particular moment it had happened.  Though, the thing that has him blushing furiously and inadvertently, has more slick pouring down his thighs, is the memory of the two of them waking up in each other’s arms.One of Namjoon’s arms was wound protectively around him and Seokjin’s nose was terribly close to the alpha’s scent gland. Their bodies were pressed together, leaving very little space for air.Seokjin had been the first to wake up as the heat pooling in his gut was starting to become unbearable. Namjoon had followed only a moment later, Jin’s shuffling pulling him from unknown dreams. Needless to say, the two of them were very embarrassed to find themselves in such an intimate position and could barely say a word to each other. But even with the scorching heat eating up his insides, Seokjin would honestly say that it was the best sleep he’d had in several months.Namjoon had adjusted his robes and ran a hand through his messy hair before shyly bowing to the prince and leaving the room, promising to inform the others of Seokjin’s situation.Seokjin clenches his teeth, his hands in tight fists as he tries his best to retain control. In the end, he is able to only control his body but not his mind because random wandering thoughts start flitting through, images of things he both does and does not remember ever happening.Despite all his tries, Seokjin succumbs to his heat quite swiftly.The prince is thankful when he gains a moment of lucidity amidst his heat. He doesn’t know how much time has passed since the haze had overtaken him and he’d turned into a writhing, whining mess on the bed but his question is answered when a few minutes later someone knocks on his door.They don’t bother to wait for a reply, most probably already aware that he wouldn’t have been able to answer in his state. The one who walks in is a middle-aged omega. The woman is carrying a tray filled with plates of food and a jug of water and she startles a bit when Seokjin sits up in bed and pulls the blankets around him, trying to maintain at least a semblance of modesty. It was rather useless though – what with the room smelling like sweat, slick and cum.There is nothing to be really embarrassed about however, since heats were only natural and especially since the woman was an omega herself and had her own experiences of heats.The woman places the tray on the table and smiles at him.“Would you like for me to draw you a bath, Your Highness?”Seokjin feels sticky all over so the answer is really obvious. The woman - who seems to be one of the workers at Yoongi’s castle - heads towards the side door leading to the bathroom when the prince gives her a slight nod and starts a fire to boil the bath water. Seokjin pulls the blanket around himself tighter and saunters over, leaning against the doorframe as he watches the process absentmindedly.“Are you perhaps aware of the King’s schedule for today?” He enquires, curious what everybody else is up to in his absence. Ugh…he was just reunited with his brother and best friend and he just had to go into heat today of all times; Very inconvenient.The woman doesn’t look at him, doesn’t waver in her task as she speaks. “There was a small welcoming banquet arranged and I assume all your companions must be currently having lunch in the ballroom.”Seokjin hums, thanks her as she leaves his room after filling the bath tub. He discards his blanket and pants on the bathroom floor and settles into the bath tub to soak. The water feels nice against his sensitive skin – just the right temperature, even if he already feels his heat starting up again. He is glad that he has this small reprieve though.Later, he changes the sheets on the bed, not eager to get on the soiled ones right after having cleaned up, and sits cross-legged on the fresh sheets as he eats. His usual appetite is lacking during his heats and he finds it difficult to actually swallow the food, though he still eats because he has to since Seokjin doesn’t know when his chance to eat may come during the constant haze.He thinks about how he was missing the banquet and his official first meeting with Yoongi as the Pale King and not Governor Min. The attendant had said that the banquet was taking place in the castle’s ballroom so his mind wanders as he imagines what it would look like. Everything here in Yule was in white or other pale shades so the ballroom must also be decorated using a similar palette of colors.The scene from his dream flashes in his mind – the pale curtains, stucco ceilings and a view of the pretty garden outside. It provides him a better idea of how the ballroom’s layout must be. But then comes the memory of two pairs of blue eyes, the echoing sound of a stranger’s laugh and Yoongi’s bleeding face.Seokjin wants to ignore it, to dismiss the bad feeling curling in his gut along with the pooling heat. It’s almost too sudden when he feels a sudden tug somewhere near his heart. At first Seokjin is scared and confused by it but then he feels several emotions at once – emotions that are definitely not his own.The prince’s eyes widen when it dawns on him that what he is feeling was his wolf’s bond to Namjoon. He is startled and curious for a brief moment since unlike the alpha, it was only his first time actually physically feeling the bond between them but the curiosity dwindles rapidly because the emotions that come through the bond are not happy ones – Seokjin feels panic and distress come through the bond. He feels the alpha’s agitation so strongly that Jin is convinced that something must have gone wrong.
  The wine.
“It can’t be…” Seokjin gasps, already scrambling off the bed and putting on his robes. He knows it’s a bad idea to go outside, knows his heat is about to hit him full force in a matter of moments but the image of Yoongi’s bloodied face and the distressing feelings coming in through the bond have Jin running down the corridor and in the general direction of the ballroom. “Please, no…please let them be safe.”Seokjin’s disheveled form startles and alarms everyone along his way. Some look confused while a few are hurriedly running in the same direction as the prince is – and he knows for sure then, that indeed something was terribly wrong.In his mad dash towards his destination, Seokjin doesn’t really bother to sniff the air in order to tell apart the dynamics of the different shifters that he comes across but still, it was clear who the alphas were since their eyes glowed red upon getting a whiff of Seokjin’s scent and they would jump back as far away from him as possible. His heat was clearly affecting them and he briefly considered going back to his room – because honestly, what help would he be of in his current state?When the doors of the ballroom at the end of another long corridor finally come into view his heart is already beating at a thousand miles per hour with all the apprehension he feels upon seeing the doors ajar and guards rushing in. Seokjin hears the sound of crashing – things falling and breaking; he hears cries and growls and shouts. But he hears a sadistic laugh too, which scares him much more than all the other dreadful noises combinedAt the doors, the crowd parts as he arrives; the omegas gasp and seem astonished to see him out and about during his heat, the betas just step away with confused frowns as they are not sensitive to smells and heats, the alphas, on the other hand, give the prince a wide berth to pass through as they crowd inside after him.The sight that greets him is horrifying. Hoseok is slumped on the floor by the table’s head, an unconscious Yoongi with blood running down his chin in his lap. By the couple’s side is Jimin, seemingly trying to examine Yoongi while staunching the flow of his own blood – the usually smiling, blond alpha has blood pulsating from the clearly deep gash that started from below his collar bone and ended at his waist. Jiwoo is by their side, doing her best to help Jimin and Hoseok. All of them had blood and tears on their faces.The table was overturned, some of the chairs were broken and glass shards and food remains littered the floor.On the other side of the ballroom, Seokjin saw Namjoon and Jungkook fighting off a fae knight with the help of some guards.The fight was clearly not on their side. The fey was a fire elemental and the scorching flames he summoned not only hurt the shifters badly but also prevented them from landing any successful attacks of their own. Jungkook was fairly nimble and so had mostly remained unscathed, however, a terrible frown graced his features at the young alpha’s inability to counter his opponent. Namjoon, on the other hand, had half of his shirt burned and hanging haphazardly from his shoulder. The alpha turned around and his eyes met Seokjin’s – both sensing the omega’s presence and smelling the scent of his heat. In his momentary distraction, Namjoon was almost singed by the flames.Seokjin rushes towards the four figures slumped on the floor. His steps are weighed down and dragging as the heat almost overtakes his mind again. It is only through sheer willpower that he is able to make it all the way towards them. Hoseok is better at controlling his instincts even though his eyes do glow red; Jimin seems to have less control over his wolf because a small growl bubbles up inside the blond alpha’s throat even as he covers his nose ad struggles with both Yoongi’s and his own injuries. Seokjin puts the fear he feels at being exposed to so many alphas in the room during his heat to the back of his mind as he leans over Yoongi.“What happened, Hobi? What is wrong with Yoongi? Why isn’t he opening his eyes?” a barrage of questions directed towards both Hoseok and Jimin follow.“An illusion.” Jimin manages through coughs, “The fae dis-disguised himself as one of the at-attendants. I realized because Tae taught me how to look for the signs, but I was too late. He…He’d mixed s-something in Yoongi’s wine.”Seokjin curses under his breath. This couldn’t be happening…if only he’d told someone of his dream…but then what? It’s not like anyone – including himself - would have ever thought that it would actually come true.“C-can you heal him, Jimin?” he asks, tearing a long piece of his robe and pressing the bunched up piece of cloth into Jimin’s wound to hold back the blood.“I-I don’t k-know what herbs were in the wine.” The short blonde shakes his head frantically. “It’s something that I can’t seem to identify. Perhaps a herb that only the fey grow and have knowledge of – Tae would know. He would be able to help…”Jimin slumps forward, falling onto Yoongi’s limp legs as his eyes fall shut and this time it’s Hoseok who curses. Jiwoo scrambles up towards the other side from where she’d been and helps Seokjin move Jimin’s now inanimate body off Yoongi’s and her hands replace Seokjin’s over the cloth that was halting the blood flow.The prince harshly digs his nails into his thighs; the pain is grounding and helps him focus on his surrounding rather than the slick that was now once more dampening his pants. For the thousandth time that day, Seokjin curses the bad timing of his heat.    He looks back to the fight and sees that the fae now has a cut on his shoulder which prevents him from using both hands. Namjoon and the others must have finally managed to injure him.Suddenly Seokjin feels angry. It’s like everything is falling apart before his eyes once again. Yoongi is dying, Jimin is possibly dying. If Namjoon and Jungkook don’t end up getting burned to a crisp by the flames they will be devastated at the potential loss of Yoongi and Jimin. Hoseok would be devastated more than anyone, even Namjoon. He doesn’t want anyone to cry, to be sad again. They had all been happy and safe just yesterday evening, even that morning…It’s only a semi-conscious action when he takes Hoseok’s discarded sword and stands up. Seokjin wobbles on his feet, the weapon in his hand feeling even heavier than usual. Though, the cold metal against his skin thankfully grounds the heat in his gut, if only just a little.He takes advantage of the commotion of the fight. The Faeries’ inability to smell wolf scents gives him an edge as the prince skirts around all the wolves who are too busy trying not to get burned to pay the omega in heat too much attention. Everyone but Namjoon and Jungkook, that is.Both of them see him, clearly alarmed. But they see the sword in his hand too and realize that the fey knight is unaware of Seokjin’s encroaching presence behind him. They are definitely worried, but the two exchange a brief look and Namjoon sends Seokjin an almost unnoticeable nod.It’s not as if Seokjin would have stopped what he was about to do even if he did not receive their go ahead but it was nice to know that they trusted him and his abilities.It takes less than a minute for Seokjin to find his chance and when he does, he puts all of Namjoon’s lessons and all of the times spent watching Jungkook’s practices into his strike.The sword plunges into the fey’s torso, right through his chest and Seokjin hears the other’s scream of agony followed by a gurgling noise as the fey knight coughs up golden blood. The flames die down and the knight falls onto his front, onto the tip of Hoseok’s sword inside him which is pushed back through his body upon the tip striking the floor.The fey doesn’t move and the prince finally drops to his knees and curls up, a painful and needy whine that is so unneeded in their current predicament escapes his lips.Seokjin hears a loud, warning growl and lifts his eyes to see all the guards scramble out of the room. Jungkook also turns around and jogs towards Jiwoo’s side.Namjoon’s face appears above him and a robe is laid over his body as he looks into the alpha’s red eyes. The alpha is biting his lip so hard that it’s bleeding, Seokjin’s heat scent is too much even for an alpha like Namjoon who had utmost control over his wolf.“Lady Jiwoo!” Namjoon turns his head to call out to the she-wolf. “Could you help me get Seokjin to his room?”
  No.
Seokjin doesn’t want that. He would rather die himself than spend the next four days moaning in bed for an alpha’s knot while his friends are on their death bed. It is not for the first time that he wishes there were a concoction that would stop unwanted heats but unfortunately, such a thing doesn’t exist – at least not to his knowledge.Namjoon is so close and Seokjin’s omega is clawing at his insides, calling for the alpha, whining for him to take care of Seokjin. But no, the prince won’t let this happen. He remembers Jimin saying that Tae – Taehyung, he supposes – would probably know how to help Yoongi. It’s not a perfect solution, or even one that was guaranteed to succeed – but it was the best solution they had at the moment.Hoseok would never leave Yoongi behind to travel in search of Taehyung and if he took the omega with him it would only slow down their search. They would also need someone to run things in the Pale King’s stead and take care of Jimin. Jungkook was trained for this, for the position of the next alpha king of the Lupa Kim Clan and Seokjin knows he would be able to take care of matters here in Yule.This left Namjoon as the one who would go looking for Kim Taehyung but with everything he’d just seen happen before his eyes, Seokjin is scared of sending away the alpha all by himself.A ridiculous idea pops up and he almost ignores it, but Seokjin is desperate.Namjoon is still looking towards Jiwoo and their group of friends when Seokjin reaches out a trembling hand. The alpha’s attention shifts to him immediately, Namjoon’s brows furrowed.“C-command for it to - to go away…” the prince mumbles.Namjoon looks confused, perhaps thinking it’s the heat talking nonsense. But Namjoon must see something in the prince’s face because when he asks his question it’s in a serious tone.“What do you mean?”“The Alpha Voice. Use it to make the heat go away.” Seokjin manages, holding in his whines.Namjoon shakes his head. “You know it doesn’t work that way, Jin. Besides, the Voice doesn’t affect you in the first place.”“Try, please…” Seokjin begs, clutching at the alpha with more force. “I’m s-sure I’ve read somewhere t-that the alpha mate’s Voice would be effective. And we’re bonded are-aren’t we? It might work, just try please, Namjoon.”Namjoon nods, probably just to prevent Seokjin’s cries and pleads, and clears his throat. The alpha’s Voice is low and rumbling, brimming with power and control so much that Jin hears even Jiwoo squeak though the command wasn’t meant for her.“Kim Seokjin,” The alpha says in his deep, smooth tone that makes Seokjin’s already heated insides burn some more. “You will not go into heat, omega. You will behave as you always do and not go into heat unless I specifically say otherwise.”A scream tears its way out of Seokjin’s throat as he feels pain all over. The air leaves his lungs as the heat spreads, spreads and then, miraculously, starts to ebb. Seokjin feels something snap within him, something else slam shut. He feels his whole body lock up in its desire to follow the alpha’s command without fail.When at last Seokjin is able to breathe again, the only evidence of his heat that remains is the slick on his legs.The Alpha Voice worked. And the owner of the Voice had put so much power into the command that it made something previously thought of as impossible into possible. ***  
  
    Chapter Text
    So...all i can say is that full time work is hectic.I don't have time to finish the chapter and i didn't just want to leave u all hanging without knowing the next update schedule.The next chapter will be uploaded by the end of the weekend.😊
  
    Chapter Text
    When Seokjin awakes, he is terribly groggy and disoriented.He shifts around slightly, finding the surface beneath him to be soft and warm unlike the cold, hard floor of the ballroom he last remembered being curled upon. He’s in bed, somewhere in one of the many rooms in Yule’s castle, and he feels the presence of several other wolves in the same room.“How are you feeling?” Namjoon’s voice comes from his left and Jin’s eyes pry open to spy the alpha settled on a settee by the bed, looking exhausted but still greatly concerned.“Like someone just tore up my insides, beat them to mush and stuffed them back inside.” He replies, mouth dry and tone devoid of any mirth.It’s difficult to move his limbs at first, each attempt sending sparks of pain through his body and along his nerves. Everything hurts - inside and out.The alpha lets out a dejected sigh and Seokjin manages to turn his head to look at Namjoon. The blonde has his face in his hands, shoulders slumped. His scent is a little sour, filled with worry that Seokjin realizes is for him. Namjoon was worried for him.“You shouldn’t have to feel bad, Namjoon.” He says, trying to lift some of that worry. Namjoon doesn’t need to blame himself for this. “I was the one who asked you to do it. In the end, your Command worked and I’m okay – that’s all that matters.”“You could’ve died, you know.” Namjoon grumbles, not looking at the prince. “This has never been attempted before. It was dangerous and reckless and I shouldn’t have done it even if you asked me to. I could’ve been the one that killed you, Jin.”“Quit that already!” Hoseok whisper yells from the other side of the room and Seokjin turns his head in the other direction. “Even if you didn’t use your Alpha Voice on him, he would’ve still found a way around it. Would’ve stumbled through the Whispering Woods in search of Taehyung even while still in heat if he had to. By now, we both must already know that that’s just the kind of person Seokjin is.” He hears Namjoon let out another sigh at that.“How is he?” Seokjin simply asks, not commenting anything regarding his best friend’s statement because he knows that it was entirely true.The room they were in is huge. A high window with curtains partially blocking out the light was just behind Hoseok, making his silhouette almost glow. Also, there was the larger than king-sized bed that currently held one alpha and two omegas.Jimin is in the center, propped with a multitude of pillows against the headboard. He’s naked from the waist up with bandages criss-crossing his torso. He smiles at the prince kindly, inclining his head. On the other side of the bed is Yoongi, paler than Seokjin’s ever seen him and in a poison-induced sleep. Hoseok gently holds one of Yoongi’s hands in his, never letting go as he speaks.“The same.” Hoseok’s voice trembles just the slightest bit, filled with longing and anguish for his intended. Seokjin can’t imagine how Hoseok must be feeling now, wouldn’t have been able to be as composed as the alpha is right then if it were his own mate in Yoongi’s place. “Jimin had a look at him and…” the alpha clenches his teeth, the sentence cut-off.“His body will start shutting down soon.” Jimin continues in Hoseok’s stead since the other alpha clearly didn’t seem in the mood to iterate all the horrible things that would soon be happening to his beloved. “It will be the six senses first, followed by his organs - if he’s lucky, and with the help of supplements, he might last for a week.”“How long will it take to reach where Taehyung is?” he asks. A week wasn’t a lot of time and Yoongi’s chances of survival depended solely on how fast Seokjin and Namjoon would be able to find Taehyung and make him aware of the situation so he could prepare the necessary medicines.“A day and a half in wolf-form, with minimal rest.” Jimin replies after a brief pause, calculating the time required in his mind. Seokjin nods in acknowledgement just as there is a loud creak and the door opens, admitting Jungkook and Jiwoo into the room.The younger runs to his brother as soon as he realizes Seokjin is awake. “Jiiiin!” The prince almost laughs at the whine; it reminds him so much of an even younger version of Jungkook who would always tag along behind him like a tail, whining that Seokjin should join him and his friends to play. “When did you wake up? You should’ve sent someone to inform me!” The young alpha sends Namjoon a betrayed kind of look and Seokjin wonders when the two had gotten close enough for the shy Jungkook to act so freely around the elder alpha.“Yah!” Seokjin finally sits up and drags Jungkook towards him, pinching his cheek. “Since when did you start speaking in that tone to your elders?” he admonishes the younger playfully. Jungkook just sticks his tongue out at his brother and plops onto Seokjin, making the elder gasp in surprise at the sudden hug Jungkook envelopes him in.Seokjin doesn’t speak, just hugs his brother tightly and finds comfort in the warm embrace because as much as he tried to reassure Namjoon that it was alright, Jin had still been afraid.   ***  They were gathered at the castle’s main entrance, the handy changing rooms just a few feet behind them.Namjoon stood some distance away, seemingly conversing with Soobin and Jimin, the latter was leaning heavily against the younger alpha’s side for stability. Jiwoo was also there, clutching onto supply bags for Namjoon and Seokjin while she waited for the eldest prince to finish speaking with her mate.Hoseok had refused to leave Yoongi’s side, so Seokjin had waited until everyone else had left the room to go make arrangements for the trip before approaching his best friend.He had put a hand on his best friend’s shoulder, giving a little reassuring squeeze. “It will be okay, Hobi. I’ll make sure that Taehyung is ready with everything by the time you get there with Yoongi. He’s a strong person and will get better in no time at all.” Hoseok gave him a wry, tight-lipped smile but didn’t say anything. Seokjin took a moment to study both Hoseok and Yoongi and then turned around to leave. It’s only just as he was about to close the door behind himself that he hears the alpha’s voice.“I’m sorry, Jin.” The prince had stopped in the midst of pulling the door shut to look at Hoseok through the half open door.“What for?”“For choosing Yoongi over you…” the alpha said and Seokjin was confused for a moment until Hoseok’s next words make it clear. “Jungkook told me – he didn’t mean to, but…I know how you used to feel.”Prior to that particular moment, Seokjin had always dreaded the possibility of this confrontation, of Hoseok finding out that once upon a time he’d been in love with the alpha. He imagined what he would feel like in this exact moment –nervous, embarrassed, tongue-tied. But surprisingly, he doesn’t feel that way. Instead he feels lighthearted. A small smile crept onto his face as he nodded.“Please don’t apologize for that - ever.” He’d said with conviction. “On no account would I ever begrudge either you or Yoongi happiness. You two are perfect for each other and you and I were just never meant to be. It was an experience I needed to have and when I think back, I always feel that a romantic relationship between us would’ve never worked anyway. Omega instincts and all that shit, you know.” Seokjin looked down the corridor as he’d said it. He felt Namjoon nearby, probably waiting for him around the corner of the corridor. When he’d turned back to face Hoseok, the other looked a bit more relaxed than before.At present, Jungkook stands in front of him, jittery and slightly bouncing on the balls of his feet.Seokjin lets out an exasperated sigh probably for the hundredth time in the last hour. “Jungkookie, you know you can do it! You helped father manage court affairs all the time. Have confidence in yourself.”“Uhuh…”Jungkook says, mind out of focus. He stops rocking back and forth but still wrings his hands. His brother is a ball of energy right now – a mixture of nervousness and excitement at being finally given something to do so he could prove himself.Seokjin shakes his head and raises his hand to ruffle the younger’s hair, finally gaining Jungkook’s attention as the younger jerks back from Seokjin’s touch to avoid getting his hair messed up. “You will do great - just follow your heart. I’ve never known you to make a bad decision.”“But that’s because I’ve always had you and father to guide me…,” Jungkook trails off, his eyes flitting to the ground.“And now you have Jiwoo, Yeonjun and the other boys to help you.” Jin tries to reassure him. “We both know that Jiwoo is smart and capable, and the four boys have been helping Yoongi and Hoseok for years. But most of all, I believe in your own abilities. You worked hard for almost half your life managing court affairs and there is no one among us who is more suitable for taking care of Yule in Yoongi and Jimin’s absence.”Jungkook takes in a deep breath and squares his shoulders. “I will do my best to make you proud, brother.” The younger prince says looking into Seokjin’s eyes.“I’ve always been proud of you, my little Jungkookie.”   ***   “We should stop.” Namjoon says for the third time in the last half an hour. “You can’t keep going this way.”“I can and I will, Namjoon.” Seokjin answers the alpha through their mind link. “We can’t lose time - I’m already slowing us down.” He perseveres, weaving through the curving roots and swaying branches of the trees, his limbs shaky and breathing labored.The after-effects of interrupting the natural flow of the heat cycle had been faint at first, becoming more prominent and noticeable with time. It was night now, several hours since they’d shifted into their wolf forms and started their journey north, towards the borders of the lands of Fey and Lupus. If Jin were to be honest, his body hurt, he felt as though someone were crushing his bones, ripping his flesh. He felt weak and his vision blurred occasionally. He’d ignored it at first, thinking it would go away after sometime but it never did – only got worse and worse, making Namjoon’s scent turn sour with worry. The alpha smelled like dead fish to him and Seokjin hated it, wanted the fresh breezy scent of him back. But no amount of reassurances on his part seemed to be enough to assuage the alpha’s concerns.He knew Namjoon had purposefully slowed his pace for Jin’s sake and they were only able to cover half the distance they originally estimated they would by the current hour and it made him feel guilty for slowing them down. He’d been selfish in asking Namjoon to use his Alpha Voice on him to stop his heat just so he would be able to be by Namjoon’s side, but by doing so, he was clearly holding back the black wolf.Seokjin tried his best to keep up but the next time he stumbles Namjoon does’t even bother to listen to any more of his reassurances. The alpha just stops in his tracks and sits down on the ground, not budging an inch until Seokjin huffed and acquiesced, walking behind some shrubbery to shift and get dressed. The black wolf had apparently gotten up from his sitting position and the alpha lingered by the prince’s side until Seokjin had safely settled down before disappearing briefly to shift too.They were sitting nearby each other, not touching but still close enough to feel the other’s body heat. Seokjin couldn’t help but glance around in worry, hoping nothing would jump out of the shadows – there was no fire tonight lest it should attract any unwanted guests. The weather was chilly so it was no surprise when a sudden gust of icy wind made him shiver bodily. He felt the alpha’s eyes on him for a few moments and then Namjoon cleared his throat and spoke in a soft voice, almost a whisper so as to not alert anyone or anything nearby.“Would it be okay if I moved over to your side?” the alpha asked tentatively, and then added to it as if he needed to explain himself, “Being closer would help with the cold.”Seokjin nodded slightly, and then replied out loud, not sure if the other was able to see his nod in the darkness of the night. “Sure, you can come closer, Namjoon.” He said. However, he knew that Namjoon was not only worried about him being cold. Strangely enough, he’s been able to feel the bond between their wolves ever since that moment during his heat, just before he’d rushed out of his chambers and towards the chaos of the ballroom. He can feel Namjoon’s emotions as if they were a part of his own and, in the moment, he says as much to the other. “I can feel you,” he confesses, placing a hand over his heart. He doesn’t want to hide this from Namjoon, not after having hated the alpha for so many years because of a misunderstanding. “The bond – I can finally feel it. I don’t know how or why, but it was what told me that all of you were in danger that day. I could sense your panic.”Namjoon had already shuffled towards him by now, their shoulders and thighs brushing slightly. The contact sent another involuntary shiver through him, his inner wolf that was deprived of the heat was clawing at his insides, striving to reach out for the alpha. For a brief moment, Seokjin prayed for Namjoon to simply take the shiver as him still being cold but it was only wishful thinking on his part because Namjoon could clearly feel Seokjin’s emotions too.  The alpha tenses beside him but then every single worry seems to leave his body as he sighs and leans back. Seokjin thinks he could almost make out a tiny smile gracing Namjoon’s lips.“You know, I was starting to think I was going crazy or something.” Namjoon says after a minute. “When my wolf formed such a strong bond to yours but you didn’t feel anything…In the beginning, I thought that I was being delusional, that it was just my childish infatuation acting up.” Seokjin hums, feeling just a little bit flustered. He recollects how the alpha fondly spoke to him of the stories the blonde’s father had shared throughout the years.“Why didn’t you ever tell me? About the bond…” Seokjin asks. “I know I didn’t exactly make myself approachable to you during your first stay at the castle, but after that…” The prince huffs in annoyance, not at anybody but himself. He couldn’t exactly ask Namjoon why the alpha hadn’t tried harder to clear the air between them when he’d obviously been squashing the other’s every attempt.Namjoon goes quiet again for a long time and the prince almost wants to apologize for his behavior all these years, but he stops himself, because despite the clear misunderstanding between them, it was still a fact that Namjoon wasn’t exactly omega-friendly.He is still a little befuddled when Namjoon seems to read his mind again, just like the night before his heat, but he feels like it makes sense now that he feels the bond between them.“It’s not just because you made it hard to have an actual, amicable conversation with you.” The alpha starts, “And it’s also true that…I haven’t exactly made the best of first impressions and my words have hurt you on several occasions, but…it’s hard for me too. Let’s just say I trust omegas just about as much as you trust alphas.”Seokjin willed away the internal pain he was feeling and tried to focus on Namjoon and his words. The alpha finally seemed to be opening up to him a bit and he wouldn’t want to miss out on anything – even if his body was screaming in pain.“I trusted my father and General Song. I trusted your  father and I trust Jungkook and Hobi. Soobin and the boys, too. They are all alphas, aren’t they? And…I trust you too.” Seokjin says, and only after the words are out does he realize just how few alphas he actually trusts.The blonde tilts his head to the side then, studies the prince briefly before his gaze drifts down towards the prince’s hands. Namjoon hesitates only momentarily before gently taking one of Seokjin’s hands in his and turning it over to brush their wrists together in a weak scenting. Surprisingly – and thankfully – the action eases some of Seokjin’s pain. Usually, the prince would’ve pulled away from such sudden and unannounced skin-to-skin contact but right then he just took comfort in the alpha’s presence and scent that calmed his inner turmoil. Namjoon doesn’t remove his hand, just lowers Seokjin’s to let it lay across their adjoined thighs, the alpha’s hand splayed gently over the prince’s outer wrist, warming the omega’s skin.“And I trusted Yoongi. He was all that was holding me together basically, right until the moment he supposedly died.” Namjoon chuckles a little darkly, almost mirthless. “And just when I find him alive and well, he ends up on his deathbed again. It’s a purely instinctual action when Seokjin moves his hand to hold Namjoon’s. The alpha’s palm is rough against his own, calloused from several years of handling weapons and horse reigns, unlike Seokjin’s softer ones that only had mild calluses from the bow and the most recent ones from training with Namjoon. The alpha sends him a questioning glance but only squeezes his hand tighter.“It wasn’t your fault the first time and it isn’t this time around either. I’m sure Yoongi would say the same right now if he could.”“I know he would.” Namjoon confirms and Jin patiently waits for him to continue, to articulate the words he wants to let out. “He’s changed. A lot.” The blonde states looking into the distance. “He’s finally the person he’s always wanted to be and I don’t want him to lose himself – I don’t want to lose him again.”“You won’t.” The prince gives his hand a squeeze. “Would you tell me about him? How he was before all this?”Seokjin wasn’t actually expecting Namjoon to acquiesce, seeing as he’s remained fairly mum about his connections to Yoongi all this while, so he’s pleasantly surprised when Namjoon hums out an affirmative. It’s strange – how they’ve unconsciously become so comfortable in speaking of such personal topics since the night of their talk, just before Jin’s heat had hit.“Do you remember Jimin telling you that our mothers were close during their younger years?”“I do.” Seokjin acknowledges. “That was how he first introduced you to me.”“Well, he was too excited to meet you that day that he forgot one little detail.” The prince waits for Namjoon to continue, watching as the alpha draws in a deep breath. “The woman your mother – the late Queen – knew and the woman I called as my mother were two completely different characters. My mother…the years changed her into someone unrecognizable. Until today, no one knows exactly what prompted this drastic, sudden change but as years went by she drifted farther and farther away from the sweet, caring mother I knew as a child. In the end, she…left. She had an affair, broke her mating bond with my father and left us.”Seokjin gasped, leaping into a kneeling position by Namjoon’s side at the words broke her mating bond. He stared at the alpha, his mouth slightly gaping but no words escaping. A broken bond was such a horrible thing – a taboo. Seokjin’s heart hurts, but now the pain is less because of his physical situation and more because of the piercing sadness he feels for all the hurt Namjoon and his father must have experienced due to the woman’s actions.“Bet that wasn’t what you were expecting, right?”Seokjin grimaced. Of course it hadn’t been. “Namjoon…”The alpha waved him off. “You don’t have to feel bad for me. Like you just said – it isn’t your fault. My mother was responsible for her own fucking decisions.”Seokjin has seen the faded mating mark on Namjoon’s father a couple of times but just like everyone else did, he too had assumed that Namjoon’s mother had passed. The late elder Kim had always worn a smile on his face, always tried to make others feel happy. Seokjin doesn’t ponder over how the elder alpha must have been truly feeling inside because even just thinking about it was making Jin’s eyes sting a little. He doesn’t want to cry right now, not in front of Namjoon. Because if he were to burst into tears right now Namjoon would surely put his own emotions aside and try to comfort him, and in other circumstances it wouldn’t be so bad to be comforted by the alpha but this moment was about Namjoon, about letting the alpha vent for a change without having to put up a strong, impenetrable font in front of others.Despite Seokjin’s sudden movement their hands were still clasped and the alpha pulls him back to his side, both of them unaware of just how much closer together they were now sitting. The prince holds the blonde’s hand a bit tighter and Namjoon runs the pad of his thumb over the top of Seokjin’s hand. It calms the both of them.“I was ten when she left us.” Namjoon draws in a deep breath, “Everyone back home used to stare at me and abeoji with so much pity in their eyes, saying how sorry they were that mother was so irresponsible and a horrible person. It made things worse – you can’t get over something like that, something so bad, when everyone’s eyes and words remind you of it every single day. But even then, it didn’t end there – she didn’t stay with the man she left my father for for very long before moving on to another and then another. Right now…I don’t even know if she’s dead or alive.“Yoongi was there for me then, like a silent pillar of support that didn’t allow me to collapse no matter how much I wanted to. A ten year old isn’t exactly equipped for handling things like that, you know.”Of course. No child should ever have to face something so traumatizing.Seulgi’s words now finally make complete sense to the prince. Namjoon didn’t despise all omegas – he just had trouble with letting them into his life after what his mother had done in the past. The alpha’s harsh words were nothing but a defense mechanism to protect himself from any possible, impending hurt.Seokjin startles a bit when Namjoon lets out a short laugh that tapers off into an amused chuckle, piquing the omega’s interest.“We were the best of friends since the time we were young pups, Yoongi and I. Yoongi used to be so meek and quiet – the epitome of a traditional omega. He followed the rules without a word and always did as he was told by his family. The first time he ever talked back to them was the week after I presented as an alpha – they had prohibited us from spending any time alone with each other and cut off all contact between us since we were alpha and omega and it would have apparently damaged Yoongi’s reputation or something. He’d locked himself in his room for two whole days after that before managing to sneak out and come by my house. It continued like that for years – him sneaking into my place or me into his room. My father knew, of course, but he just let us do our own stuff. Yoongi’s family, on the other hand, were oblivious to the fact that their son wasn’t in his room most of the nights and on top of that was taking lessons meant for alphas alongside me.”Seokjin tries to form a picture of a younger Yoongi and Namjoon, huddled over math and military art textbooks, It comes naturally – a picture of them bickering and arguing over a particular idea they had. It’s far more natural than the image of a shy Yoongi because the Pale King Seokjin’s had the pleasure of becoming acquainted with was anything but that – the omega king was determined, intelligent, outspoken, and resolute with a snarky sense of humor.The prince’s heart clenches tightly at Namjoon’s next words, “We got engaged when he was seventeen and I, fifteen.”Seokjin looks at him from the corner of his eye, caught completely off-guard. When he’d watched Namjoon collapse into fits of sobbing upon seeing Yoongi he’d realized that they must have some history between them, but apparently, his mind had never even conjured that the history in question might be of such nature. Beside him, Namjoon tugs at his hand to pull him even closer, his other hand coming up to hold their clasped ones. As the blonde begins to iterate the events leading up to their engagement, Seokjin can feel the alpha’s apprehension through their bond – Namjoon was unsure if telling the prince of his previous attachments to Yoongi would affect the fragile relationship between them that was only recently starting to heal and improve.However, the alpha takes another deep breath and goes on to explain how at first, their engagement was just supposed to be a temporary ruse to stop Yoongi’s marriage to some dickhead, entitled alpha that the red head’s father was practically selling off his son to.Yoongi had greatly rebelled against the marriage and as a result, the omega was constantly being punished for disobeying his father. Namjoon couldn’t just sit and watch his best friend suffer. It had been on a mere impulse to keep his best friend safe and happy when he’d paid an unannounced visit to the Min’s main manor and declared his intention of marrying Yoongi.The omega had been surprised but hadn’t shown it until Namjoon and he had been alone. Yoongi had even contemplated on running away from home to escape the marriage without involving Namjoon but the alpha wouldn’t stand to lose his best friend that way.Yoongi’s family had finally accepted the proposal only after Namjoon had asked his father for help and the late alpha Kim sat the Mins down for a lengthy discussion.Seokjin listened to each and every word without interrupting the alpha’s flow lest Namjoon might stop. The prince held Namjoon’s hand in his throughout the narration – not that the alpha was about to let go of Seokjin’s hand any time soon anyway.The alpha spoke of the several months that passed by after their engagement and how the relationship between the friends had begun changing minutely, bit by bit.“We knew that we would have to mate on the night of our marriage if we wanted Yoongi’s father to take the marriage seriously. If we didn’t mate then there was nothing stopping the man from dissolving the marriage and giving Yoongi away to that other alpha.“After what happened with my mother, both Yoongi and I knew fully well that I wouldn’t be able to stand to break the bond if we ever mated – even if all of it was just a ruse to keep Yoongi from being sent away. But I also hated the idea of Yoongi having to spend his whole life with someone he didn’t love. I mean yes, we loved each other very much already, but it was a platonic friendship kind of love. I had already mostly given up on the idea of love by then but I didn’t want Yoongi to end up the same way.“So I asked for his permission to court him.”Seokjin knew what kind of person Yoongi was; someone easy to love and admire. Falling for someone like that would’ve been almost effortless if one would give it a chance and Namjoon confirms Seokjin’s opinions.The alpha tells him how he slowly started growing attached to Yoongi in a romantic way despite Yoongi only ever seeing him as his best friend. He also tells him how the two would argue over Namjoon’s decision, how Yoongi would constantly plead with him to break off the engagement between them – that he would find a different way for them both to be free. Yoongi couldn’t stand the way Namjoon’s slowly growing feelings were starting to wear the alpha down.“Why would he think that?” Seokjin asks when Namjoon gives a pause to breathe and collect himself. “I understand that Yoongi wasn’t exactly in favor of the whole engagement thing but he wasn’t against being with you either right? And you were beginning to develop real romantic feelings for each other, so why would he think it was hurting you in any way?”Namjoon’s eyes graze over Seokjin’s features as the alpha leans in and cups the side of Seokjin’s face.“Because of you.” The alpha states firmly.“M-me?” The prince felt pinned by the serious look in Namjoon’s eyes. The stare made it harder to breath“Yes, you.” Namjoon reaffirms. “Having feelings for Yoongi hurt. Because whenever I would find myself alone I would think about you: I wonder how prince Seokjin is today? Were the court advisors still giving him trouble? Wonder what he looks like now, all grown up…. I wanted to see you at least once before having to marry Yoongi. That was when I realized that my childish fondness probably wasn’t simple infatuation and apparently Yoongi had noticed it all along, which gave him all the more reason to be against us getting married and mated.“And years later - after Yoongi’s supposed death - when I had finally laid eyes on you and smelled your scent; when I heard the sound of your voice as you firmly stood up for all your fellow omegas… I just knew you were different from the likes of the woman I had called my mother – the circumstances made you powerless but you were still dignified and never lost your voice and opinions, never fell prey to the cliché stupid rules of society. You – wait…why are crying?” Namjoon’s other hand also came up to hold the prince’s face as he gently wiped away the tears Seokjin didn’t even realize were rolling down his cheeks.“I do-don’t know!” Seokjin whined, his voice cracking with raw emotion. Honestly, he truly didn’t know or understand the reason for his sudden outburst. He just felt like he wanted to curl up somewhere warm and safe.The prince squeaks when Namjoon’s strong hand curls around his waist and the alpha lifts him up only to place Jin in his lap. The position is so intimate that Seokjin might have blushed but it wouldn’t have mattered anyway because his face was already blotched red from crying.Their chests pressed closer together as Namjoon hugged him with everything he had and Seokjin indeed felt that warmth and serenity he was currently craving.Seokjin could only burrow his face into Namjoon’s neck as the alpha comforted him and placed loving kisses to the crown of Jin’s head.At the back of his mind, Seokjin was still in a dilemma as to whether these emotions were his own or his wolf’s. But the prince also knew that he wanted this forever.He wanted the feeling of being safe in Namjoon’s arms, enveloped by the alpha’s warmth and surrounded by his scent with soft, reassuring words being whispered into his ear.He wanted Namjoon, in every sense of the word.   ***   The vast barren planes of rotting soil and plants seemed to last forever. The first glimpse of even more dying land apart from that one swampy patch outside Yule’s city walls was definitely nothing they had expected to see on their way to the border. The forest had just parted one moment and there it was – an abandoned terrain permeated with the foul stench of death.They ended up shifting into their human form because the poisoned soil stung and burned the soft pads of their legs in wolf form while the human shoes offered at least a semblance of protection to their feet, seeing as they were made from a tough leather material.“I still don’t understand how the prophecy is of any importance. Judging from all this devastation,” the prince gestures around them, “the Fae King is dying anyway. So even if – as the prophecy dictates – we do somehow manage to kill their king, it would just mean that he s dying a couple years earlier than he was originally meant to. So the question is - why? Why does he choose to take so many lives in return for a mere few years of his own; he is going to die anyway.”“Things are never as simple as that, Jin.” Namjoon states, swatting at the flies that just keep buzzing around them, attracted by the murky waters of the swamp and the sweet stench of rot. “There must be more. We don’t even know what the full prophecy is.” “Yeah…you’re right.”The only way they had of knowing the original prophecy was if they could find the Royal seer’s apprentice.Seokjin hears the Claw first, before he actually sees the creature soar in the sky above them. The falcon is close and that meant Hoseok and their entourage were close as well. He hoped Yoongi was faring well along the journey - that his condition hadn’t worsened, at least.When the river that separates the Lands of Fey and Lupus finally comes into view, Seokjin can’t help but gasp in amazement at the sight before him.After his visit to Aelia, he had believed he wouldn’t see a place more beautiful than Namjoon’s hometown. But Seokjin had been proved wrong the day he set his eyes on the city of Yule and Yoongi’s castle. Now, once again, he is speechless as he gazes along the river bank and then across the body of water, towards the opposite shore.It’s such a startling juxtaposition to the blackened land behind them which makes it all the more lovely on the eyes.Soft golden sand gives way to colorful pebbles, softened and shaped at the hands of the river and time. The water is pure, providing a mesmerizing view of the river bed and the collection of corals and water-plants that thrived beneath the water. An assortment of different species of fish and other creatures dart abpout in the water – all sleekness and shiny scales.Despite the crystal clear waters, the river is tinged a little green as it reflects the color of the lotus and water-lily pods that float atop the surface.Unlike their side, the other shore is full of greenery and vibrantly colored flowering plants; the chirping of birds was so lively compared to the lifeless stillness of the barren lands at their back.“Beautiful”“It is, isn’t it?” Seokjin nods his head in agreement.The alpha, however, hadn’t been commenting on the nature. What had Namjoon transfixed was the sparkles in Seokjin’s eyes, the way the omega’s lips were a little parted on a mesmerized ‘oh’, the softness of his profile as Jin gazed in front of him, oblivious to Namjoon’s eyes on him. But the bond between them meant that it was impossible for Seokjin to remain oblivious for long and as a sudden warmth flooded his chest, the prince realized the current subject of Namjoon’s admiration was himself and not the nature.The prince’s mouth snaps shut and he bites his lip, trying his best not to appear flustered even if he knew Namjoon could feel it. His emotions and feelings towards the alpha are still a conundrum to him – he knows now for sure, that not all of it is his inner omega’s affection but the realization of the true extent of his own feelings is still rather new and definitely a little scary.“I’m guessing we’ll have to take that across the river.” Jin says, indicating the small wooden row-boat that was tied to a peg embedded in the sand.“Mhm…we should get going. The sun is starting to set and it would be a lot more difficult searching for Taehyung’s hideout in the dark, especially in Fae territory.” The alpha replies; the tension that had somehow started to build between them in the short silence sizzles, doesn’t seem to go away completely even as they settle into the boat and Namjoon starts rowing, completely ignoring the prince when Seokjin demands to be given one of the oars so he could help.Jin sighs and sits back. He turns sideways and tilts his head to look at the opposite shore, watching the drooping branches of the huge but elegant willows sway with the wind. He thinks he can see a few people sneak between the trees and hopes it’s just some friendly fruit fairies and nymphs. He wouldn’t want an encounter with any of the Royal knights in his currently weakened state.It’s not long before he finds his gaze unknowingly flit towards Namjoon. The alpha’s sleeves are rolled up as he rows and the prince studies the spidery veins of his hands and forearms, eyes travelling up his arms, over a thick strong neck and at last the alpha’s handsome face.The shape of Namjoon’s face is endearing but the sharp jaw-line gives him a fierce look. Jin remembers that the heart shape of the alpha’s face was one of the first things he’d noticed about the other during their first encounter.Namjoon’s lips look both soft and firm at the same time and Seokjin briefly wonders how it would feel to kiss the alpha. He shakes his head, taken aback by his thoughts. It’s like his mind and heart had given him a huge green signal in regards to Namjoon the moment all his misunderstandings and doubts regarding the alpha had been satisfactorily addressed and now Jin’s instincts were working overtime to try and compensate for all the lost time between them by prompting sudden bouts of longing and lust.He watches Namjoon’s tongue dart out to wet his lips and feels a blush creep up his neck and face when he lifts his eyes and finds Namjoon watching him. Seokjin hastily averts his gaze and tries to concentrate on their current task by recollecting and going over all of Jimin’s directions on how to find Taehyung. But his mind still conjures up memories of the alpha taking care of him on their journey from Mircea, of facing fae knights and rogue wolves, and of strong arms holding him close when they woke up huddled together in bed.The boat docks and unsurprisingly, Namjoon helps him get down first.The air smells sweet and nectary, winter seemingly having no influence over the climate here. Seokjin feels the raw, vibrant energy emanating from every living thing around them – everything possessed a bit of magic in it.“I can see the hills from here. It’s not too far.” Namjoon says as he slowly starts to head in the direction of said hills.“Hope Jimin’s description is good enough for us to be ale to find the cave entrance. The others are not that far behind.” Jin muses, looking at the sky to see Claw make a few rounds above them and then fly away in the direction of its master.“We should ask this Taehyung if there is any other way across.” The blonde eyes the river apprehensively. “It’s going to be difficult to maneuver an unconscious Yoongi to the boat.Seokjin hums in agreement and follows after the alpha.   ***  Finding Taehyung’s hideout proved to be the easiest quest ever.It’s not that the cave was badly hidden – it would have been impossible to find if it were only Namjoon and Seokjin and their combined minds trying to figure out the location. But Jimin seems to have memorized the layout of the place by heart, the placement of every boulder, of every strangely shaped tree and every mark made by hand. Jimin’s directions were so precise that they managed to find the cave mere minutes after reaching the lush green hills.The entrance was a narrow opening among a cluster of boulders and rocks, the mouth of the cave covered with an overgrowth of bush and vines. Namjoon pulled the vines aside and entered, darkness enveloping the alpha. Seokjin didn’t dawdle, conscious of the curious and inquisitive eyes of the forest fae. Taehyung’s hideout would no longer remain unknown to others after this and the prince felt bad about compromising the hybrid’s safe haven.“Be careful, there are stairs.” The alpha’s voice came from somewhere I front of him just as Jin stepped into the cave.“Are we going downwards?”“Yeah, they lead deeper into the earth.”Seokjin gave an acknowledging hum as he stood still for a moment, waiting as his eyes adjusted to the dark. He hoped there were torches or at least candles further down, because not even wolf vision seemed to fare well in such an all-encompassing darkness.With one hand against the wall, he slowly descended the steps, feeling Namjoon’s presence nearby. The elder would occasionally call back to him to make sure he was okay and Seokjin found it hard not to smile. In all the weeks since Seokjin lost his home and spent his days by Namjoon’s side he’s come to know many different sides to the blonde, but among everything else what endeared him most was how gentle of an alpha Namjoon actually was despite all the physical strength.He almost fell forward on reaching the bottom of the stairs but thankfully Namjoon had been waiting and steadied Jin with warm hands on the omega’s shoulders.“I wonder if Taehyung has better eyesight than normal shifters. How can there not be even a single torch along the way!”Namjoon laughs softly, but even that seems to resound eerily inside the sort of room they were apparently in right now. It reminded the prince of the secret room he used to study in back in Mircea.“There should be some flint or something else we can start a fire with around here. Where is the kid though?”“Yah! He’s seventeen. Jungkook is eighteen and he’s mated already and don’t forget – you were already engaged at fifteen. I don’t think he will take kindly to-““JIN, DUCK!!”Seokjin does, his words lost to the darkness as he feels a sword stab the air where his chest would have been moments earlier. It’s only as his legs give and he falls back on his butt does he realize two things.Namjoon had used the alpha voice on him without permission.Namjoon had used the alpha voice on him to save his life.He feels more than he sees as Namjoon jumps between him and the other presence in the cave, swords clashing even in the darkness. Seokjin scrambles backwards until his back hits a wall and he uses it as leverage to stand up, wondering how they could parry each other’s strikes with such precision even while deprived of proper vision.Namjoon’s scent fills the room, a strong musk of aggression mixing in with the soft breezy undertones.“What the heck, how did they manage to sneak up on us?!” Seokjin curses, hears the clang of swords against one another and springs into action. He doesn’t have a weapon himself but there is a lot of stuff around so he just decides to wing it and throw anything he could find at the enemy.“Having magic and no scent comes in handy for sneaky bastards like you, doesn’t it?” Namjoon’s deep voice echoes, breathy from how fast the alpha is moving around.“How dare you come to our Lands and try to demean us, filthy wolves!” the fae knight calls back – a male, judging by the voice.“Don’t be so dramatic!” Seokjin calls back, throwing a couple of fist-sized pots he’d found at the fae. He hears a pained grunt and smirks to himself, searching for something else to throw besides what is, clearly, stems of dried herbs. “You are the ones who are attacking our homes!”“Ah, fuck!” Namjoon cries, barely stumbling back in time as a sudden burst of light fills the cave. The body of the fae catches fire and the knight writhes and screams in agony as he runs around the cave, not giving either of the two shifters even a chance to see the fae’s face. A couple sparks separate from the burning silhouette and fly through the air, three torches affixed to the walls lighting up in a low flame and illuminating the cave and its occupants.“You shouldn’t try to kill my guests in my own home while I’m away!” A deep voice calls from the stairs and Seokjin looks to see a robed figure with flames dancing on his palms, slowly dying out as the fae knight’s screams fade and the burned body crumples into ash.The prince’s breath gets caught up in his throat as he catches a glimpse of blue eyes from under the hood – a piercing icy blue that he was coming to associate with bad things happening.Namjoon recovers from the sudden shock and the appearance of another stranger much faster than Seokjin.“Who are you?”A deep, amused chuckle comes from under the hood as the male descends the remaining few stairs and stops a paces in front of Seokjin and the alpha. That’s when the hood falls back to reveal a face that is both strange and familiar to Seokjin. He’s seen the young boy before – just not in real life.Those large, startling blue eyes and sharp features; the golden skin and boxy smile. The boy is the kid from his dream – the one who’d been sitting beside Jimin. The combination of slightly pointed elven ears and the scent of a wolf further give the hybrid away.“You are Taehyung, aren’t you?” Seokjin says, just to confirm even though he pretty much knows he’s right.Taehyung smiles and bows a little. “A pleasure to finally meet you, Your Highness.” He then stands upright and turns towards the alpha, inclining his head in a greeting. “And you must be Sir Kim…Namjoon, is it?”“I am Namjoon, yes.” The blonde acknowledges, now calmer since he’d established that Taehyung wasn’t an impending threat.“I don’t see Jiminie, though?” Taehyung looks around the small space of the room, a little excited. “Is he somewhere outside?”“Actually, we’ve come on his behalf.” Jin says and Taehyung’s head whips around towards him, the playfulness no longer in his eyes as they narrow at the prince.“Don’t t-tell me some-something happened to him…?” the youngest of the group asks in an uncertain tone and Seokjin quickly shakes his head to reassure the other.“No!” Jin exclaims, “Well, something did happen but Jimin’s okay. He’s healing and that’s why he couldn’t make it here so soon. The problem is…Yoongi. He’s been poisoned. He’s dying and Jimin says if anyone would be able to heal him - it’s you.” He clarifies, pulling out a piece of folded parchment that Jimin had given him and handing it to the hybrid.Taehyung takes the paper without hesitation, unfolds it quickly and skims over the contents, brows furrowing slightly.“How long do we have to gather all this?”“They are just behind us. Probably would take them until tomorrow evening to reach the river.” Namjoon supplies.Taehyung thinks for a few minutes and then Seokjin can see the hybrid nod to himself. “First things first then – we need to build a bridge. Moving Yoongi around too much would just worsen the internal damage.”“A bridge?” The prince is taken aback, and so is Namjoon, judging from his confused expression. “How are we supposed to build a bridge that long in a day?” he asks incredulously. Was Taehyung just pulling his leg or was the hybrid actually serious?“Yes, Your Highness – a bridge.” Taehyung grins at him. “It’s much less of a chore that you might think it is because you see…” the boy holds out his hands in front of him, palms up. “I don’t just control fire as you’ve seen earlier. I control all of the elements.”At that moment, the nature responds to Taehyung’s summons – the torches on the walls burn brighter, the water in the pitcher levitates into the air, a sudden gust of wind rushes into the cave from outside bringing the smell of freshly bloomed flowers with it. The ground shakes a little as tiny sprouts and roots erupt from beneath the soil and then molten metal seeps in through the cracks like magma and burns those saplings to ashes.And then everything goes back to how it was just moments prior – the fire dies down, the water splashes onto the dirt, the molten metal cools and hardens and the air stills with the absence of wind.Seokjin and Namjoon stand transfixed, a bit stupefied by what they had just born witness to. If Jimin had known of the full extent of Taehyung’s power then he’d done a marvelous job of keeping it all under wraps.If Taehyung was one of the three omegas of the prophecy then Seokjin wonders just what kind of role the unbelievably gifted and powerful hybrid would play.“Well, come on then.” Taehyung is still grinning, clearly amused by their astounded reactions. “We’ll need to make haste if we are to be ready by the time Jiminie gets here with the Pale King.”And who are Namjoon and Seokjin to say no to a being that had such power at his whims? *** 
  
    Chapter Text
    Seokjin realizes all too soon that Taehyung neither bluffs nor dallies.“Ah!” the hybrid exclaims as he exits the cave, stepping onto lush grass. “All that smoke was making my throat and eyes burn! It will be a hassle to get rid of the stench.” The boy complains, looking around himself.Seokjin and Namjoon aren’t far behind, squinting as it takes them some time to get used to the sunlight after being enveloped by such profound darkness – even if Taehyung did light the torches upon his arrival.Taehyung whirls around to face them, face splitting into an enormous grin. “Do hurry up. We shouldn’t waste any time. Though…maybe the two of you could get some rest instead, since I’m the one who will be doing all the work anyway.” The statement isn’t haughty; the boy isn’t actually full of himself because of his incredible magical prowess. Instead, Taehyung sounds sincere and maybe a little worried, his words subtly trying to ask if they required rest - as though he could sense the bone-deep tiredness the alpha and elder omega were feeling.“It’s alright. Rest can wait - we aren’t too tired right now. Isn’t that right Namjoon-ah?”“Huh? Uh…yes. I mean no, we aren’t tired at all.” Namjoon, who’d stuck by his bonded omega’s side as he was still wary of the hybrid despite the friendly way with which Taehyung was dealing with them says. The prince can feel the alpha’s slight surprise through the bond at being called so familiarly by Seokjin. Namjoon is flustered at such a small change in their usual rapport and it almost makes a smile stretch across the elder omega’s face. The downside of the bond is, however, that Namjoon can feel his emotions too and the alpha scowls a little when he realizes that Seokjin had done it on purpose, just to see what kind of face he would make.Taehyung watches their interaction from the sidelines, radiating happy energy at the fact that Seokjin seemed to be comfortable enough in his presence to let down his guard. After all, keeping his hybrid nature a secret came with great loneliness. He’s never had many friends, not until Jimin came along with his full-body laughs and adorable eye smiles and tales from all around the Ancient Lands. It was nice to be in the presence of more potential friends.Seokjin’s fast to notice the spike in Taehyung’s scent, relaxing when he realizes the hybrid’s happy. The chamomile almost completely conceals the sharp peppermint beneath it and the scent is so soothing that Seokjin thinks he can really fall asleep right that instant, despite just telling Taehyung that he wasn’t tired.He smiles at Taehyung, the last of the apprehension bleeding away from his body as the younger returns it with a wide grin.“So…how long have you been living here, Taehyung? If you don’t mind me asking.”“Mhm…” they are heading in the direction of the river, back down the same way Seokjin and Namjoon had come from earlier. Taehyung is brimming so full of energy that there’s a skip in his step. “I don’t really remember anything before I was five winters old so that makes it twelve years. One day I just woke up and I was alone inside that cave which later became my home.”The prince’s brows shoot into his hairline. “And you’ve lived there alone? At five winters old?”  “Uhuh.” The hybrid confirms with a nonchalant attitude. “Don’t stress over it, Your Highness.  I’m quite resourceful so I got by just fine for the first few months. Then Sylvie came along – she’s the nymph that raised me. ”Taehyung is a strong omega. At five winters old Seokjin was still whining to his mother about wanting to escape his tutors’ clutches. He doesn’t think he could have survived in the wild like Taehyung managed to do – even if was only for a few months.Taehyung goes into deep thought as they reach the riverbank. The young hybrid holds his chin with his thumb and pointer finger as he gazes out onto the water.Namjoon nudges him in the side, a questioning look in his eyes as he mouths, “What is he planning?”“Building a bridge?” Seokjin shrugs. “Wasn’t that the first priority?”“Yes, but how-“The alpha’s words are cut off as Namjoon stares at something in front of him and the prince turns around, Taehyung now back in his line of sight.The boy stood a few feet away from the edge of the riverbank, brows furrowed in concentration. His hands were outstretched in front of him, palms up as if he were a king permitting his subjects to rise.And rise they did.The ground breaks before their eyes once again and thick vines emerge, winding around each other, twisting together to form even thicker, sturdier handrails which hover in the air, stretching over the clear waters to reach the opposite shore. Smaller vines then sprout from the handrails and connect at several places to give a semblance of beams that would then support the deck of the bridge.The sand and stone mix together, burning inside a pit of scorching flames before melting to liquid. Surprisingly, the fragile frame of the bridge made from plants doesn’t dissolve when the molten metal flows to form the base of the deck, instead solidifying into a smooth surface under a constant spray of water from the river.From the sidelines, Seokjin and Namjoon silently watch Taehyung at work, wielding his magic. They don’t move from their spots except to avoid the heat of the fire and spray of hot vapor in their faces as the framework of the bridge cools.The bridge is ready within the hour, the plants no longer visible. Instead, it looks as though it were made in the traditional way – of metal, wood and concrete. But even though the bridge seems done, Taehyung apparently isn’t.The vines still seem to be alive within the metal. Thin stalks wind aesthetically around the handrails, flowers blooming and making the bridge look as though it were decorated for a parade or a procession of some sort. Pinks and purples, reds and yellows among the multitude of colors.The sight almost makes Seokjin’s eyes sting from how bright and colorful everything is.He hears Namjoon grumble beside him and catches the alpha worriedly looking around them. A small crowd had gathered to watch them - to watch Taehyung, precisely speaking. Their faces were painted with awe and disbelief just as much as Namjoon and Seokjin’s were. The prince did not sense any wolves nearby, only faeries – mostly pixies, fruit faeries and water nymphs. After all, wolves never ventured into the Lands of the Fey. He wonders how Jimin had chanced upon Taehyung.Taehyung turns around then, wiggling his brows at them playfully, his naturally blue eyes sparkling. He doesn’t waste a second as he beckons them to follow and proceeds to skip his way away from the river and towards the forest. The two follow slowly as stalks of magically summoned hay weave themselves into pretty wicker baskets which Seokjin assumes are for the herbs they were going to collect.The forest seems to part for Taehyung and the gathered crowd melts away into the trees as the boy hums a tune under his breath.Seokjin makes a mental note to commend Jimin when he sees the alpha next just because Taehyung seems like someone who never tones down any of his emotions. A character like that was surely interesting and immensely refreshing, But undeniably, Taehyung seemed like someone who would be difficult to handle with all that vibrating energy in him.   ***   When Seokjin wakes up, anxiety immediately seeps into every nerve of his body. He’s in the cave room that served as Taehyung’s living accommodations, lying on the same straw mat he’d fallen asleep on the previous night. What causes the alarms in his mind to blare is the fact that he’s completely alone.Taehyung’s empty mat lay on the other side of the room, the boy nowhere in sight. Jimin’s mat was just as empty in the space beside it. Yoongi’s sickly form was also absent from the bed that had originally belonged to the hybrid and neither was Hoseok slumped into a sleepy pile of limbs by the edge of said bed.What worried him most though, was the lack of the comforting weight around his waist, the absence of sharp features on a handsome face that Seokjin had stared at throughout most of the night.It was cold and all he’d wanted to do just a few seconds before was curl up in the warm blanket and sleep some more, but now he’s wide awake. He doesn’t bother to fold the blanket, leaves it on top of his mat and takes the steps two at a time.It’s still early, barely the crack of dawn. The air outside is misty, fog obscuring the pretty views. The plants are wet and dewy and Seokjin wonders if it had rained or at least drizzled at some point during the night.He can’t see very far in front of him but the bond between him and Namjoon pulls the prince in a certain direction and his feet start moving of their own accord, not wanting to be left alone, especially in a place where Taehyung had basically vaporized a fae knight. Who knows how many of the Royals were hanging around, laying low until  they had a perfect chance like this one to get one of them alone?“Namjoon? Hobi?” Seokjin calls, ducking under branches as he ventures deeper into the forest. “Where is everyone?”He springs into a run when a twig ominously cracks behind him. He doesn’t want to wait around to find who the perpetrator is. It might just be an animal and this apprehension he feels might be just ridiculous but he doesn’t want to take chances. Not after what happened the last time he’d ignored something that felt off. It almost cost them Yoongi’s life.He doesn’t know how long he runs for but he knows that something is wrong for sure when he catches the faint scent of his brother. Jungkook was here. Jungkook was here? Why?His little brother’s always been a little too sensitive emotionally, highly tuned in to others’ feelings. Normally, if Jungkook felt that something was wrong the younger wouldn’t hesitate for a second before leaving everything to come and check up on Seokjin. But the elder prince has noticed the recent change in the other, barely perceptible to the eye of strangers – maybe even Hoseok hadn’t noticed yet – but it was there. Jungkook seemed calmer, more collected. He was a responsible, mated man now – no longer the curious-eyed kid that always had too many ideas but was too shy to speak up. The new Jungkook wouldn’t take his responsibilities lightly.So Seokjin wondered why the heck the younger was here, away from Yule where he was supposed to take care of Yoongi’s kingdom and citizens.He could feel that Namjoon was close, Hobi too. And Yoongi, Jimin and Jiwoo. He could feel the presence of hundreds of other souls too – both wolf and fae. He doesn’t know how he knows to tell apart one species from the other but he can. It should be impossible since faeries have no scents and generally mask their presence from everyone else but their own kind.The murmurs increase as he passes by, leaves rustling with all the movement around him.When the trees part, he is greeted by a familiar sight of blighted land reminiscent of the swampy patch outside the walls of Yoongi’s castle. It’s totally unexpected – he didn’t think he would ever see dead land here, in the Land of the Fae where their magic is strongest. But now, as he looks on he realizes that the colorful blooms and lush green hills around Taehyung’s cave must be the work of Taehyung himself, maybe with the help of a few other nymphs and Woodland fae who reside in the forest. Their magic must have been the only thing that prevented everything from falling into decay because Seokjin stops and stares and as the fog is blown away by the wind and the sun’s rays finally seem to reach the plains all Seokjin could see is barren land; miles and miles of it, not a single healthy plant or animal in sight.  And what’s worse is that everything reeks of fear and blood.But there is something else in the air. Something that reigns over every other emotion and stimulus around Seokjin. It’s anger.An overwhelming kind of anger that was coming from a figure slumped on the ground, leaning protectively over another body that lay still in the former’s arms.There was a loud noise as something in the air cracked. It reminded Seokjin of the sound a whip would make when splitting open the skin of prisoners – a sickening kind of sound that Seokjin definitely was not a fan of.And then the ground below his feet cracked, and when Seokjin looked past Namjoon’s worried gaze he saw a pair of glowing green eyes. Eyes that held hate, anger and an immense sadness. Eyes that seemed able to see everything and nothing at the same time as they remained devoid of any recognition to anything that was happening around them.   ***   “…-up. Jin, wake up!”Seokjin’s eyes snap open at the hand gently shaking him awake, at the smooth voice that he’s become accustomed waking up to now being tinged with concern.The prince’s eyes take a moment to adjust, sleep blurring his vision. But he knows where he is – in the cave, under the blanket with Namjoon’s sharp, beautiful eyes widened in worry as they dart over Seokjin’s features.“Good morning, Namjoon-ah.” He mumbles sleepily, unconsciously burrowing closer to the alpha for more warmth. The words seem to make the other relax a bit so he assumes that whatever Namjoon must have been fretting over mustn’t be that serious.“A-are you alright?”“I am. Just still sleepy. Veeery sleepy.” He replies, inhaling that breezy scent he’s becoming addicted to. He stills when he smells seaweed instead of the sea. “Are you alright?” he leans back a bit to look at Namjoon’s face and the alpha just shakes his head.“You were trembling in your sleep. Did you have another bad dream?”And just like that the sweet euphoria he feels at being safe and wrapped in Namjoon’s arms is gone, replaced by a dreadful feeling of déjà vu. He’s had a bad dream before, a dream much like the one he now slowly recollects just waking up from. He’d ignored a bad dream before…hadn’t told anyone about it until it was already too late. Wait…he still hadn’t said anything about it to anyone, did he? He doesn’t remember doing so….He doesn’t want to make the same mistake twice, even more so since this dream was even more unclear than the last one.He draws a deep breath and decides to tell Namjoon about his dreams.   ***   Taehyung sticks to Jimin’s side the moment the other arrives, almost smothers the shorter alpha to death with how tight he hugs him.Jimin’s face flushes at the open affection and Seokjin finds himself thinking that maybe Jimin was surprised because Taehyung wasn’t usually so touchy with him.It’s not long before Taehyung is back into serious mode, fretting over Yoongi’s unconscious body as Hoseok, Namjoon, Jimin and Seokjin carefully carry the omega into the cave and lay him down on Taehyung’s bed.Namjoon and Seokjin are then effectively shooed away, Taehyung proclaiming the room was too stuffy and that they had to let Yoongi breathe. Jimin had been allowed to stay because of his profound knowledge in medicine and Hoseok…well, Taehyung had taken one look at the alpha’s hand tightly clutching one of Yoongi’s and that was that. It had been clear to everyone that Hoseok wasn’t leaving Yoongi’s side no matter what.Despite Seokjin’s overwhelming curiosity, he and Namjoon don’t venture far away from the mouth of the cave that was Taehyung’s home lest the others should require their help.The prince sits on the ground, knees drawn up against his chest and back resting against a big rock. His nails dig into the flesh of his thighs as he tries to ignore the cramping of his stomach which was becoming more and more incessant with every passing hour.He’d always despised heats, despised how they would make his body want completely different things from those that his heart did. But the cramps, queasiness and the sudden bouts of pain searing through his body were almost making him crave the mindless heat.Seokjin knows he shouldn’t prolong this; that he shouldn’t deprive his body of the natural cycles. It would be really bad for him in the long run. Even just these four days alone seem like they have damaged something inside him.His last heat – the one he’d had on the eve of Jungkook’s wedding – was a hard one. He’s had a few terrible heats over the years and aside from a rare few times when it had been too much and he’d succumbed to requesting a partner, he’s always managed to get through them on his own.He doesn’t think he can get through this one the same way.He’s spoken to Taehyung earlier that day, explaining how Namjoon – upon the prince’s own request – had forcefully stopped the omega’s heat.“As much as I’m amazed that that was actually possible, I have bad news for you, Jin.” And truthfully, as much as Seokjin was already expecting it to be the case, still hearing the words of a medical expert only made him dread it more. “When Namjoon withdraws the order you will immediately go into heat and I’m sorry to say this…but it will most certainly not be an easy one. I don’t think your omega will let it slide until you give it what it really wants.”And his omega wants what essentially every shifter’s inner omega does – a litter. Pups.The inner wolf needs to be pacified, needs to be convinced for a while that Seokjin was going to be carrying a litter – even if in the end it’s a false alarm and doesn’t take.What Seokjin would need most during his impending heat is an alpha’s knot.   ***   He has no one else to ask except Hoseok. Taehyung had already made his opinion clear and Jimin would essentially say the same thing, viewing Seokjin’s predicament from a medical perspective.Yoongi was out of commission and so that left Jin’s best friend as his only option.He wasn’t sure if he should go to the alpha with this right now since Hoseok was already worried enough about his intended but his best friend was, as always, too perceptive.“Something’s bothering you, Jinnie. I know it. Spill.”“Later, Hobi. Just focus on Yoongi for now. It’s not anything urgent.”“I can just go and ask Tae about it. I saw you two talking earlier.”Seokjin grumbles to himself. He’s making more trouble for everyone. He sighs and with a glance at Yoongi’s sleeping form gestures for Hoseok to follow. As they head up the steps Jin can feel Namjoon’s eyes on the back of his head.“So?”“It’s…about Namjoon and I.”And so he tells the young General about his discussion with Taehyung - about the expected severity of his next heat and the matter of most certainly requiring a partner for the duration of said heat.“Well, at least you aren’t considering asking someone other than Namjoon for help. It would break him.”“Please, you don’t even know him that well, Hobi.”“Ah! So that’s what this is about? You are worried if you should ask him to be your heat partner when you don’t know him that well either?Seokjin doesn’t deny it. Just explains further because that was part of the reason but not everything.“It’s not like I knew my previous heat partners that well either. But this is different. This is Namjoon we are talking about. Someone I’m actually considering as a potential mate and I’m anxious because I don’t want whatever might happen during my heat – should he agree – to ruin the chances of a normal, non-awkward courting.”He eases up just a little as Hoseok’s face lights up with his wide, contagious smile. It’s been a few days since he’s seen any trace of happiness on his best friend’s face.“Seokjinnie’s all grown up now!”“Yah!!! I’m asking for advice here! Not for a teasing.” Jin pouts then schools his expression to annoyance because the pouting would only provoke more of Hoseok’s teasing.Hoseok places his hands on the prince’s shoulder. The familiar touch is reassuring and Seokjin leans into it. “Just do what your heart tells you to – isn’t that what you always tell Jungkookie?” he smiles at the omega, still a touch of playfulness in his tone. “But if you are going to ask him, then just be sure to make your intentions clear beforehand.”The advice is sound. But it just makes Seokjin fret more because now he has more things to consider. He’d told Hoseok that he hoped for a courting with Namjoon but does Namjoon know that? They can certainly feel each other’s emotions through the bond but they have never used words for those feelings. At least Seokjin never did.   ***  Seokjin stopped his almost frantic pacing when he felt Namjoon presence nearing.“Hoseok said you wanted to speak to me?” the alpha tilts his head in question. Damn, why does Seokjin find that so cute? And damn Hoseok! Why did he go and tell that to Namjoon when Jin still hadn’t managed to fortify his mind and heart, hadn’t succeeded in finding the courage to actually go and talk to Namjoon.“Ah...I-““Wait, come with me.”The alpha takes his hand and Seokjin snaps his mumbling mouth, silently following Namjoon to the small cave where Taehyung keeps his supplies. It’s a distance away from the main cave where everyone is and provides them some privacy. Seokjin feels better now that he isn’t so exposed.“Whatever this is about – just know you can talk freely. We promised to not have more misunderstandings and secrets between us, didn’t we?”And yes they did. That night, when Namjoon had told the prince of his past and Seokjin had cried in the alpha’s arms, they promised to not keep secrets from each other even if they were to remain as nothing more but simple friends.“I…w-where do you see us in the future? Maybe a year or two from today?” he says for lack of a better conversation starter.Namjoon seems to get a partial idea of what the conversation is going to be about. His expression is thoughtful and considering.“I don’t know. Friends, definitely.” He says, looking the prince in the eyes. The alpha’s sharp, narrow eyes make Jin feel as though Namjoon is searching his mind and soul for an answer. For an answer that Seokjin expects Namjoon to give. “Maybe more if you would permit it…” he finally glances away, looking bashful.Seokjin smiles softly, his hand reaching to gently tilt Namjoon’s face so the alpha is back to facing him.“You already know how I feel.” He says.“I do. The bond is the only reason I can still say that aloud…because I feel that you want this too. But it would still be nice to hear you say it.”The prince’s smile grows wider. He was right about needing to put his feelings into actual words for the alpha.For a moment, he puts aside the question that is waiting to be spilled from his lips and instead tries to form his feelings into actual coherent sentences.“I have no experience with courting or confessions of love.” He starts and Namjoon’s eyes widen. Maybe he shouldn’t have used love? After all, his feelings are just starting to bloom. It would be a while before he could admit to being in love with Namjoon. On the other hand…Namjoon had been infatuated with Jin for several years, had liked him romantically and one-sidedly for several more. But the alpha too hadn’t once used the word either. “I have absolutely no grasp on the extent of what I’m feeling for you. But I want to hold on to these feelings and if you would like, I want to explore them further with you. I’ve lost too much precious time being angry instead of getting to know you and I don’t want to regret wasting more time. I know that not all bonded pairs end up happy but I want to give us a chance”When Namjoon speaks, it’s tentative. As though he doesn’t want to overstep some imaginary boundary between them.“And who are these words coming from? Kim Seokjin, prince of the Kim Lands or Seokjin, the omega who is bonded to me.”Immediate relief floods his chest. He’s been so confused because of this and it was nice to know that Namjoon was also taking it into consideration.“A bit of both. I don’t know if it’s my own feelings or my omega’s that are prevalent but both me and my wolf agree that...we-I want to give us a chance.” The prince gestures between himself and Namjoon.“Then I have no more qualms,” Namjoon replies, hand gliding over Seokjin’s arm to catch hold of the hand that was still cupping the alpha’s face. With both of their hands between them, Namjoon takes a deep breath. “And with my whole heart I ask : My prince, Kim Seokjin, would you be so kind so as to do me a favor and allow me the chance to prove myself in courtship?”Seokjin laughs. It bubbles up from within him, giddy and warm.“Yah! What is with the old-fashioned wording?” He gasps out between giggles. Namjoon is smiling at him from the extra inch he has on the prince. He has such a soft look in his eyes and before Seokjin knows what he is doing – as it’s been in many instances involving Namjoon – he leans in to leave a light peck on the corner of Namjoon’s mouth, effectively startling the alpha.He laughs again when Namjoon starts hiccupping.“S-so, was that a-hic…a yes or a hic-no?”“A yes, of course, Namjoon-ah.”The alpha falls back against one of the walls as the invisible tension leaves his body. “Wow. That was more nerve-wracking than I-hic imagined.”“Now…back to the main topic.” Seokjin starts, A little scare is all he needs to make Namjoon’s hiccups go away. “Will you help me with my heat?”The effect is immediate. Namjoon’s coughs and sputters, no more hiccups though, just as predicted. It’s a very amusing sight. The atmosphere is undoubtedly more lighthearted than what the prince thought it would be like.Namjoon’s narrow eyes are as round as they could get, his jaw slack, words lost to the wind. He just stares at Seokjin with a disbelieving look in his eyes. Maybe the alpha was wondering if heard it wrong so for the benefit of doubt Jin reiterates his request.Thankfully, Namjoon is a very smart alpha and can put two and two together. It’s clear in the way red spreads up from his neck and over his cheeks. But when Namjoon speaks, his tone is calm and diplomatic. He’s obviously and terribly badly trying to hide how flustered he is by the prince’s words.“I-I am partially responsible for this so I am r-ready to do anything that might help.” He tries not to but still stumbles over his words.Seokjin, however, grows serious.“You aren’t responsible for everything, Namjoon-ah. I am accountable for my own actions. This isn’t about responsibility though. What I’m asking for – it’s something immensely intimate and it is going to affect the both of us. I don’t want you taking any hasty decisions. I want you to be completely comfortable.”Namjoon groans, his large hands covering his face.“Your Highness,” Jin’s brow quirks up. Whenever Namjoon uses his official title nowadays it’s always to tease or make fun of him. “You do understand that I’m a man and an alpha, don’t you? I may be able to keep my hands from wandering but I cannot always keep my mind from straying. Who do you think I was thinking of during my rut?”“Yah!!!” Seokjin cries, smacking the alpha. “This was going really well and you had to go and say that! Now I will be awkward as fuck.”“Then I have succeeded in my mission. You were acting too calm for the situation and I didn’t want to be the only one flustered.” The alpha grins from behind his hands. Seokjin’s lips form an unconscious pout but before long Namjoon’s hands find his again. “I think that my last statement made my answer pretty clear but just in case – my answer is yes, it will be my pleasure to help you. As long as you are comfortable with it.”“As long as we both are comfortable with it.” Seokjin reminds him and the alpha nods.“Of course.”Seokjin takes a deep breath and exhales slowly. Everything has gone even better than he could’ve imagined. As much as being in close proximity with Namjoon made his skin tingle and heart do flips and somersaults, it was also easy and pleasant.“Wow. That was incredibly less nerve-wracking than I imagined.” Seokjin deadpans, copying the alpha’s earlier words.Namjoon just rolls his eyes at the prince’s antics.    ***  Jimin and Hoseok were sound asleep after being awake the whole night as they helped Taehyung brew herbal concoctions and feed them to a comatose Yoongi. Namjoon had been engrossed in a book he’d swiped off one of Taehyung’s shelves but the alpha was nodding off, book already slipping past the clutches of his long fingers.This was why Seokjin had been the only one who’d seen Taehyung go outside into the cold night, quiet and careful so as to not rouse any of the sleeping shifters.The hybrid had been doing most of the work and the prince was sure he must be tired as heck after all that but instead of sleeping the young hybrid was sneaking away. It troubled Seokjin. The sullen expression on Tae’s face, the lack of happiness despite managing to successfully bring Yoongi out of his unconscious state, even if it was only for a few moments before the elder omega had gone back to sleep as the medicine worked from inside to heal him. It troubled the prince to see him like that and he couldn’t fathom falling asleep.He follows the younger as Tae strolls through the woods, going further and further away from the safety of his abode. As he walks, he sometimes drags his hands over wilted plants and magic surges through his fingertips, bringing the poor plants back to their vibrant, lovely state, the flowers glowing brightly even in the dark of the deep night.“Are you just going to stalk me the whole night without saying anything?”“I wasn’t stalking you!” Seokjin huffs, finally coming into Taehyung’s line of sight and walking up to the younger. “I was worried. It’s not safe to wander alone outside, given the current circumstances.”The younger snorts, but doesn’t seem amused. “Believe me, Jin, when I tell you that I don’t have anyone to fear besides myself.”“Is this about your powers? Having the ability to control so many elements must be exhausting…how many is it exactly? When you said you can control everything surely you were just exaggerating.”“I was not.” The younger says in a deadpan tone and then sighs, plopping down to sit on the ground. Seokjin follows the boy’s movements as he too sits, facing the younger and watching as he yanks free a blade of grass and starts fiddling with it. “Water, fire, earth, metal. I can control the flora and sometimes I even feel what the animals are feeling, I can use teleportation magic too. And apparently, I can now predict the future - though I haven’t had any visions since the one where I saw the attack on Mircea’s castle.”“Now?” For some reason the prince’s mind fixated on that one word, completely bypassing the fact that Taehyung was able to use teleportation magic - which was considered as the rarest types of elementals among the fey.“Mmhm.” The hybrid hums. “When I was a kid I could only control fire. But then, at around the time when I was twelve, I discovered by chance that I had an affinity for water too. That in itself was a huge surprise to me and the fae woman who raised me - fey who had affinity for more than one element were always considered special. After all, Faeries value power above everything else. But it was weird at first, since fire and water are repellent elements and usually don’t manifest in a single person.”Seokjin takes in every detail and commits it to memory. Becoming more and more intrigued by the second as Taehyung openly reveals bits and pieces of himself. He didn’t think the younger would be so forthcoming about his past to an almost complete stranger – even despite the fact that he reveled the extent of his powers to Namjoon and Seokjin only within a couple of moments of meeting them.Encountering such openness is even more staggering to the prince because no one, including himself, has been so truthful in the recent past. Seokjin had secrets of his own. Both Jimin and Hoseok had kept him in the dark about Yoongi and Namjoon…there’s still certainly a lot he has to learn about the alpha. The only person who was an open book was definitely Jungkook – even Jiwoo surely had stuff she kept to herself - after all, she was Hoseok’s sister.“Honestly, after knowing that Yoongi has partial shift ability I thought that nothing else could faze me, but you are something else, huh?” Jin gives Taehyung’s shoulder a friendly pat.“Ha!” the younger gasps out a laugh. It’s not a happy one. It seems a little foreboding. “There are a lot of things you will get to know soon. Things that you will find hard to believe but that are actually true.”Seokjin shrugs and leans back on his arms. “Surprise me then. It’s better to know such stuff instead of being kept in the dark. I’m speaking from experience here.” He wiggles his brows.“You are never letting Hoseok off the hook for keeping Yoongi a secret are you?”“Nope. Jimin’s not getting away with it either.”“Aweee.” Taehyung actually pouts at that and it’s both endearing and amusing. “Jiminie’s innocent though. He was just minding his own business.”Jin snorts as the conversation takes a turn. They talk about Jimin a lot. Well, at least Taehyung talks about Jimin and Seokjin listens. The boy is whipped for the healer and it reminds Jin a little of the wistful look Jungkook used to have in his eyes before he’d finally mated Jiwoo.“He’s just sooo stubborn!” the hybrid whines, clutching at his slightly wavy locks. His hair is bright blue and looks so soft and fluffy, a testament to his faerie genes.“Actually, his decision was really wise. You are still pretty young, you know.”“But still! We really like each other so isn’t that enough for us to mate? And besides, he’s like reallyyy slow in the romance department. All I get is a peck on the forehead at most!”Taehyung’s nose scrunches up and the hybrid pouts again as the elder omega bursts into peals of loud laughter.“Ha…s-so…your actual complaint isn’t because he doesn’t want to mate so soon, but because of lack of…well, intimacy?”“Is that a problem?” the younger folds his hands over his chest. He seems defensive at first glance but the red of his ears that is visible under the faint light of the moon reveals that he is actually embarrassed.“No, no of course not.” Jin relents, laughter fading off into quite giggles. “Actually…I think I kind of get it. I don’t really want to admit it but it’s been difficult to keep my mind from wandering whenever I find myself alone with Namjoon.”“He’s lucky that you return his feelings. Many bonded pairs end badly because they are not romantically interested in each other.” The frown must have given him away because Taehyung’s tone turns more serious. “You seem to be worried about something related to the bond.”Seokjin makes a face at that. “Well, some of Namjoon’s words did hurt me in the past to a certain extent. And just the rate at which my feelings seem to be growing recently is....,” Jin shakes his head, his mind not able to conjure up the exact word he needed to describe how he felt.“I think it’s because you are trying to see the good parts in him now whereas before you were just focused on the fact that he was rude to you and…Jimin’s told me things so I think I know how you must’ve felt.”“It might be the case, yeah.”“So…have you spoken to him about your heat?”It was now Seokjin’s turn to flush red. He nods his head slightly instead of replying as he bites down on his lower lip. Just the thought of what was inevitably going to happen soon makes heat pool in his gut and he winces as his stomach cramps again. “Ouch.” The prince relaxes as Taehyung releases a bout of comforting pheromones, the chamomile soothing his mind. “Thanks, Tae. These cramps are nasty. I almost wish I was in heat instead of this in-between state but then I remember why I hate heats.”He hears Tae sigh and lifts his eyes to look at the boy. He looks wistful and sad. “It must be difficult – to have them every month.” Taehyung says sadly. “But you should cherish them. I wish I could have heats…at least then I could maybe ask Jimin to help me with mine and he wouldn’t be able to refuse if I threaten to go ask someone else to be my partner.” The boy laughs a mirthless laugh and turns to Seokjin who is staring at him with round eyes.“You…”“Yeah, I don’t have heats.” Taehyung confirms. “Usually, fae genes are more dormant in hybrids but in my case I’m practically ninety percent fae.” The other smiles sadly and it breaks Jin’s heart because -,”And male fey can’t carry offspring.”“Tae…” Seokjin doesn’t ask Taehyung if he could hug him, he just surges forward and does it. Despite his repulsion for heats, Jin loves children. He adores the small pups in the nursery where he used to go for his omega lessons. And knowing that Taehyung won’t be able to experience the simple joy of having children pulls at his heartstrings. Taehyung’s arms wrap around him, hugging him back. But the hybrid doesn’t cry, seemingly having come to accept his predicament long ago.“You are lucky.”“Yes, I am. I realize it now.”“No, I don’t think you do, Jin.” Taehyung pulls back to look the elder in the eyes.“What do you mean?” his forehead creases in confusion. Taehyung studies his face before presumably coming to the conclusion that Seokjin was completely clueless as to what Taehyung was trying to imply.The hybrid completely moves away from Jin’s embrace and clears his throat. “I…overheard your conversation with Namjoon yesterday morning. About the dreams you were having.”“Oh.”“I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to, but I was awake and we were all sleeping near each other-““Tae, it’s fine.” Jin reassures. “I was planning to tell everyone anyway. I was just waiting for Yoongi to wake up.”“Ahh, okay.” The younger relaxes. “But…haven’t you wondered about it? Just how you are able to see these…let’s say premonitions?”“Well, no. It happened only once before. This most recent dream…we don’t even know if it will happen.”“Oh, but it will.” Taehyung says with such confidence and it fills Seokjin with dread because he doesn’t want it to come true. “The dead land you described to Namjoon does exist. Beyond this small stretch of forest everything is rotten. Dead. And the only explanation for you being able to see the future is if you have faerie blood flowing in your veins.”“What!?” his voice is so loud when he shrieks that a few birds sleeping in the nearby trees get startled awake and fly off into the night sky. “But that can’t be! All my ancestors are shifters.”“You can never know. Maybe one of them was a hybrid like me - but with only a few of fey genes. That way they would remain dormant if passed down to progeny.”“That’s…”“Sounds very unrealistic, right?”“It does. Very unrealistic.” Jin shakes his head, slowly letting the words sink. Was that really possible? Did his family have fey blood in their lineage?“Then let me tell you something even more unrealistic.” Taehyung says, tone the most serious Seokjin’s ever heard from him until then. The prince somehow already knows that the hybrid’s words aren’t going to be anything good. “The current Faerie King is also a hybrid wolf.”  ***  
  
    Chapter Text
    Seokjin may have always hated heats and most alphas but he loves pups with all his heart. They are these cute little creatures who run around you, smiling and giggling with glee, looking for attention, getting into all sorts of trouble.
Some of the prince’s fondest memories are those of taking care of the pups in the castle’s nursery and looking after a much younger and rowdier Jungkook.
When he was with children, Jin could momentarily forget all his troubles and bask in the happy atmosphere as he played with the pups. Most of all, he loved how the pups’ faces would light up with the brightest of smiles whenever he got them new toys to play with.
That was exactly how the prince was feeling now – all soft and happy on the inside. Except, what he got wasn’t a toy but a person he could lay his deepest feelings bare to, a person he could love and care for and receive the same kind of unconditional love in return.
The old pain and hurt was still there, not forgotten but mostly forgiven because he now knew the reasons behind Namjoon’s harsh words and actions. He wasn’t going to let it go – the alpha needed to learn his lesson and deal with things the right way. But Jin was also not going to let the past spoil a chance at an amazing future. Namjoon had his own ways – however wrong they were – to protect his heart and Seokjin had his own too. But now the two of them could confide in each other and deal with things together – in a proper way that wouldn’t lead to more heart break, misunderstandings and uncalled hatred.
Seokjin and Namjoon spent most of the day outside, wandering the nearby meadows and the small stretch of lush forest. Jin was careful not to lead Namjoon in too deep as he and Taehyung still hadn’t had a chance to speak to the others and he didn’t want Namjoon to pressure the hybrid with questions if the alpha were to see the vast barren landscapes beyond.
Hoseok was still stuck to a slumbering Yoongi’s side, the omega having woken up only briefly the previous night after downing the numerous medicinal concoctions Taehyung and Jimin had brewed. Jimin was still mostly avoiding Taehyung at all times except when the two went to check up on Yoongi. Seokjin’s hunch had apparently been correct in that Jimin hadn’t known the full extent of the hybrid’s powers and the healer made it a point to glare at his young lover and avoid him like the plague. Taehyung, however, wasn’t one to give up easily and spent the time he wasn’t by Yoongi’s side by clinging to Jimin, his mouth set in an almost permanent pout.
He and Namjoon had decided to put off withdrawing the Alpha’s command until after Yoongi was able to stand on his own two feet again. After all, if Seokjin were to go into heat now it would leave both him and Namjoon out of commission and that meant less protection for the others. Sure, Taehyung could literally incinerate their enemies at will and Hoseok is sure to slice through anyone who dared approach his already hurt intended but it was still better if they had more people around – even if Jin’s body is practically on the verge of giving up on him.
The prince and his bonded alpha were walking hand in hand now, thick fur robes draped over their shoulders - courtesy of Taehyung. Well, Jimin actually, since it was the blonde alpha who’d gone on so many hunts to get his future mate the best furs. Jin hoped Jimin would talk to Taehyung soon, especially since he knew that the young alpha wasn’t really angry at Taehyung for hiding things from him.
Still being in awe of the bridge the hybrid had whipped up using his magic, Jin stepped onto the slightly curving deck. He ran his hand over the railings as he walked across it, fingertips brushing petals of flowers that surprisingly still didn’t show any sign of wilting even after three days. Behind him Namjoon huffed, but the alpha still followed him across the bridge.
On the other side of the river, the one that belonged to the Land of the Lupus, Seokjin wandered along the shore with Namjoon by his side. At one point, he was drawn in by the clear waters and crouched by the riverbank to dip his hand in. He immediately regretted it though, because the water was ice cold and sent a visible shiver through his body. It had snowed heavily the previous night, painting the trees and the ground beneath their feet in pure white.
“Was it really necessary to come out right after the snowstorm has passed? You are going to freeze.” Namjoon complained but the alpha took Jin’s hand in his and tucked it inside his furs to warm it.
Seokjin sighed, almost purring. The alphas’ raging body heat sure comes handy during winter, huh.
“Well, you can just warm me up then.” The omega teased. Jin’s other hand wandered beneath the material of the alpha’s furs and he wrapped his hands around Namjoon, coming closer to the alpha to savor the welcoming heat. Namjoon stiffened in his hold merely for a fleeting second before his hands tentatively came to rest on Seokjin’s waist, pulling Jin even closer.
They stand like that for a while, breathing calm as they bask in each other’s scents, their wolves singing in approval at the closeness. Seokjin lets out a little squeak when Namjoon’s cold nose brushes against his neck, inhaling the omega’s scent. The alpha sighs.
“I just wish we had more time. I wanted to at least court you properly before… doing anything too intimate.”
Seokjin chuckles at how Namjoon’s scent spikes just a bit at the intimate part. “Sheesh, aren’t you courting me right now, Namjoon-ah?”
“Not like this~!” the alpha grumbles, still not pulling away from Seokjin’s neck. “You are a prince and I sure as hell know that any courting gifts I would’ve given would still be below your stature but it would’ve been better than me right now, having nothing to present to you.”
Seokjin nose scrunches as he leans back just a little so he could look up into Namjoon’s face. “Do you think I would value all that material stuff over our feelings?” He tries to sound chastising but it’s impossible with how intently the alpha is looking at him.
“Of course not, Jin-ah.” The tips of Seokjin’s ears are red, but not from the cold. It’s as though Namjoon is trying to pour all his feelings into uttering the prince’s name. “But nonetheless, I can’t help but want to shower you with all sorts of gifts. It is the wolf’s nature – wanting to please our mate.”
And Seokjin doesn’t say anything to that. They might not be mates right now, being just at the beginning of the courting stage, but deep inside Seokjin knows there isn’t going to be anyone after Namjoon even if things between them don’t work out. It’s silly to think this way – to assume that he won’t feel for any other alpha the way he does for Namjoon – but Seokjin just knows.
A bit of fear creeps up on him as he wonders what the alpha’s reaction would be like if Seokjin were to tell him of the fact that he might have faerie blood. But it’s gone almost as soon as it comes. After all, Namjoon wasn’t such a shallow person so as to think of mixed bloodlines as something erroneous or bad.
His arms tighten around the alpha’s torso and a shudder runs through him when Namjoon buries his nose deeper in Jin’s neck, close to his scent gland.
The two of them have been stuck together ever since the conversation about the heat. They held hands most of the time, sat and slept practically glued to each other as they tried to get accustomed to a more intimate kind of physical touch between them. Sometimes, Seokjin would catch himself thinking about how easily he goes into Namjoon’s arms now, as though it were becoming second nature.
They’ve kept the touches mostly platonic for now because Namjoon didn’t want to rush anything. But Seokjin felt himself wanting more. One might think that Jin was overstepping and moving way too fast – especially what with the heat and everything – but with Namjoon it just felt natural and not rushed at all.
At this instant, however, safe and enveloped in the warm cage of Namjoon’s strong arms, all Seokjin kept thinking about was how he wants Namjoon to kiss him already. The alpha’s breath on his sensitive neck was just making it that much harder to think straight…but wait…who said Seokjin couldn’t be the one to initiate the kiss?
He feels the hard layer of muscle underneath the alpha’s shirt as his hands glide upwards to settle on Namjoon’s shoulders. Namjoon draws back from Seokjin’s neck to look at him and Jin sees the beginning of a smirk on the alpha’s lips when the other catches the prince’s gaze flitting between his eyes and lips.
Maybe Seokjin need not be the one to initiate their first kiss after all…
But the fates apparently think that it’s still too early for them to know each other’s taste.
Seokjin’s always had exceptional hearing, even for a wolf. The screams from outside was what had alerted him during the attack on Mircea. And his ears warn him again now as they pick up the sound of feet and paws crushing the snow underneath, the rustle of clothes and the brushing of soft fur against the branches and leaves.
He jumps back, disentangling himself from Namjoon’s hold and in the process, startling the alpha.
“What’s wrong?” Namjoon’s worried voice asks from beside him but Jin is busy staring daggers at the line of trees that give way to the Whispering Woods.
One, two, three…fifty, sixty…He loses count.
Wolves – shifters. There were so many of them, heading right in their direction.
Seokjin doesn’t need to respond to Namjoon’s question. The great numbers produce so much sound that Namjoon can hear them too as they get closer and closer. A few birds take off into the almost white winter sky, startled by the commotion. The ground seems to shake slightly from all the stomping.
Namjoon pushes the prince behind him, standing tall and stoic, ready to protect Jin at all cost.
The smell hits them then – a mixture of so many different scents that it makes Jin dizzy and he clutches at the alpha’s robes for extra support.
Only the sight of a familiar beta, riding in human form atop the silhouette of another familiar wolf, stops Namjoon from going feral to protect his bonded pair as hundreds of omegas, betas and alphas emerge from the forest, collapsing onto the ground before them.
The alpha sounds as shocked and anxious as Seokjin is feeling.
“Seulgi?”
 
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin was adjusting the blankets of his nest when Namjoon walks in, stopping by the curtain that separated the cave room from the rest of the narrow tunnel.
They had made sure to air the cave out well in the last two days but the room still faintly smelled of Jimin since the alpha had apparently spent his last rut here and the rut scent of an alpha who was not Namjoon was already making his inner wolf uneasy, despite Namjoon still not withdrawing his command that would send Jin into a full-blown heat.
At this point, Jin just hoped that he wouldn’t blabber anything too indecent. Well, it’s practically a given since it was heat sex but still…he wanted to maintain at least a semblance of dignity in front of Namjoon, instead of behaving like a bitch who just wanted an alpha’s knot.
Jin would’ve definitely preferred their first time to be more special and romantic. But alas, maybe Luna has predestined it to happen this way just like she did with their bond. He’s heard rumors that heat or rut sex with your bonded pair was supposed to be slightly different from the normal kind but he’d never bothered to look into it further.  The unknown makes him even more anxious than he already is.
Seokjin huffs, moving away from the nest of blankets and mats, finally satisfied, but it was still missing something – or someone. “How long are you going to stand there like a statue At least come here and sit down.”
The alpha was lost in his own head and startles at the sound of the prince’s voice, blinking sheepishly at Seokjin.
“Um, what?”
Seokjin sighs. He takes the few steps that separate them and wraps his hand around Namjoon’s wrist, about to pull him along towards the nest. He stops, however, as a thought strikes him and he slowly looks over his shoulder. “You…you are still okay with this aren’t you? You haven’t changed your mind or anything?”
On one hand Jin wants Namjoon to say that yes, he’s changed his mind. Then his hopes of having that romantic first time together would still have a chance to come true. But he is also afraid the alpha will say no and he would have to go through his heat alone. He knows the risks well enough, knows that a truly difficult heat spent without a partner might sometimes result in the body’s permanent damage or worse – death.
When Namjoon shakes his head and sends him a tentative smile Jin doesn’t know if he should be happy or sad. “No, I haven’t changed my mind.”
“Okay…”
The cave doesn’t have a proper bed. The nest is made on the floor, several blankets laid on top and around sturdy mats. He steps into the warm cocoon of messily laid out sheets, padding into the middle and pulling Namjoon with him. The alpha is careful not to knock off any of the blankets that Seokjin had stacked on the sides but he was clearly nervous, looking anywhere but Jin’s eyes as they settled down on top of the sheets. Surprisingly, the alpha’s nervousness made Seokjin relax a little, knowing that he wasn’t the only one who was tensed because of this.
They sit like that for a few minutes, cross-legged and trying to avoid each other’s gaze, catching the other’s glance when one tries to discretely catch a glimpse of the other. Despite their mutual agreement regarding this, they haven’t exactly talked as to how they were going to proceed about this.
Suddenly Seokjin is too aware that they hadn’t even kissed each other until today…the closest they had come to it was the quick peck a few days ago- which certainly didn’t count as a proper kiss.  His eyes drift to Namjoon’s face, to the alpha’s full lips. He’s imagined what it would be like to kiss those lips before. His hands twist together in his lap nervously.
Seokjin finally raises his head when he smells something other than the breezy scent in the air. Namjoon had been watching Seokjin all this time and it makes the omega flush. The slight headiness to Namjoon’s scent lets loose the butterflies in his belly.
He’s been wanted by alphas before. Betas too. He’s seen many lustful gazes follow him around the castle – wanting to have him but knowing they never could because he was the prince. He hated their eyes on his body.
Namjoon’s eyes say the alpha wants him too. But it’s different this time because Seokjin sees all the other emotions in the alpha’s eyes that almost drown out the lust. Softness, warmth, adoration…love. The feelings coming in through the bond make the younger’s heart swell.
He closes his eyes as the different emotions overtake him. He takes a deep breath, steeling his nerves and when he opens them again he shuffles forward until his knees knock against Namjoon’s. The alpha’s hands reflexively shift to Seokjin’s thighs to steady him but he tries to withdraw almost immediately when he realizes this.
Seokjin doesn’t let him. He catches him by the wrists and moves Namjoon’s hands to where they had been moments prior. The heat of Namjoon’s palms seeps in through the thin material of his pants and into his skin, making a shiver run down his back. The cave is cold from the winter air and his clothes are thin – why would he dress up in so many layers when he knew they won’t be staying on his body for much longer?- and the warmth of Namjoon’s hands is a startling contrast to the cold.
“What do you want me to do?” the alpha asks, his smooth voice low.
“Anything is good as long as we don’t mate. But first-“ He adds when he sees Namjoon nod at his words. Seokjin’s not a virgin. If he could kiss and have sex with an almost complete stranger during his heat before then he could do it with Namjoon – with someone he actually liked and wanted – without acting like a clueless child on his first heat. “Kiss me.” He breathes out and watches as Namjoon scans his face one last time before slowly cupping the side of his face and leaning in.
The first feel of the alpha’s lips against his draws a gasp from within him. Just a simple kiss has goose bumps rising across the expanse of skin and his omega once more clawing at him to be let out.
Seokjin melts into the kiss, chases the glide of Namjoon’s firm mouth against his own.
He puts every worry in his mind aside for now, senses focusing solely on the man before him. The prince smiles against the alpha’s lips as he realizes that Namjoon not only smells but also tastes like the sea. The brief chuckle that escapes his lips confuses the alpha for an instant but Namjoon doesn’t stop, only reconnects their mouths with more fervor as he feels Seokjin’s inner emotions through the bond.
When Namjoon’s large hands find their way to his waist, Seokjin shuffles onto his knees and then tentatively, into the alpha’s lap. Their scents have long gone haywire – turning heady and not doing anything to cover up their mutual arousal.
“Whenever you are ready.” The alpha says between kisses and Jin whines.
“Not yet. I don’t want to lose myself in the mindlessness of it all just yet.” Seokjin wants to remember as much of this as possible. He’s of half a mind with wanting to ask the alpha to knot him once before withdrawing the command. He’s aware, though, of how much strain this particular heat would be on both of their bodies so he keeps quiet.
“Shh…it’s okay. I will take care of you, Jin-ah.”
“I know you will.” The prince replies and the alpha takes this chance to deepen the kiss. Seokjin’s mouth parts willingly, making way for the alpha’s pink tongue. The kiss turns wet and messy, the omega whimpering softly. “Mmhm~”
The small cave is filled with the sounds of panting and gasping, both of them barely getting any air between kisses. The gasps turn to moans as Namjoon nips and sucks on the prince’s plush lips, now bitten raw and a shade of an even more alluring red than they normally are.
Seokjin’s arms wrap around Namjoon’s neck as he finally disconnects their lips, forehead on the alpha’s shoulder as he gasps in lungfuls of air and tries to calm the wild racing of his heart.
He doesn’t think he’s ever been this aroused. The feeling of the alpha’s hardness beneath him almost makes a wanton moan escape him but he bites down on his lip. There’s a slight wetness between his legs, some slick having started to leak already.
Seokjin’s cheeks heat up. This is it, he thinks. He tilts his head to press a last chaste kiss to Namjoon’s mouth, now moist with both of their spit, and nods. ”I’m ready.”
“Tell me now, if there’s anything you are uncomfortable with doing.”
Jin shrugs lightly. “Anything aside from mating is fine.” Seokjin repeats his earlier statement. It’s not as though he really had a chance to explore any of his sexual preferences before. The sex with his heat partners has always been basic – just the necessary things to ease up the pain the omega felt during the cycle.
The next kiss is no longer just sloppy. It’s filled with desire, a primitive want. Seokjin gasps and moans at the feeling of Namjoon growing to full hardness, the hard length pressed against the prince’s supple bottom.
The alpha litters kisses along his jaw, sucks small love bites into the sensitive skin of his pale neck. Namjoon’s warm breath ghosts against his neck and the side of his face when the alpha leans in to hotly whisper in his ear - the words Seokjin both dreaded and was waiting to hear.
“You can go into heat now, omega.”
Seokjin gasps as the alpha’s powerful hold on his inner wolf is broken. It doesn’t happen at once, creeps up little by little. But when the effect of the alpha’s command fades completely, the pain Seokjin feels is so immense that he doesn’t even comprehend it when his mouth drops open and he screams and screams, thrashing in the brunette’s arms as Namjoon tries to hold him still, massaging his sides and back.
“Rest for now, my prince.” Are the last words he hears as he passes out from the pain.
 

  THOSE UNCOMFORTABLE WITH MILD SMUT CAN STOP HERE. IT'S NOT EXPLICIT AT ALL, BUT STILL. SCROLL DOWN AND RESUME READING AT THE NEXT HEADING.

 
***
 
 
 
 
 
His eyes open slowly, glued together with sleep and sweat, his vision hazy at the edges.
Seokjin feels someone’s arms wrapped tight around his middle, holding him against a sturdy and very much naked chest. The arms around him are Namjoon’s – he’s familiar with the shape and feel of them by now.
He feels so tired despite the fact that he’d just been asleep moments prior and his muscles are sore.
“Mhgmm!” A startled moan slips past his kiss-swollen lips as he shifts in the alpha’s hold, realizing that they were locked together by Namjoon’s knot. “Oh Luna…”
The prince hides his face in his hands. Just how much time has passed already? How many times have they fucked? He can’t believe that he isn’t able to recollect even a single event – the last of his memories being the agonizing pain that shot through his body as Namjoon withdrew the alpha command.
A loving kiss is pressed to the nape of his neck and a deep, rumbling voice asks, “Are you awake?”
“Mhm.” Behind him, Namjoon lifts himself up on one elbow and leans down to press another kiss to Jin’s temple. The prince tilts his head just enough to look up at the alpha. Namjoon’s gaze is soft but his eyes are a deep alpha red, surprising the prince. “Your eyes…”
Namjoon chuckles and Jin can feel the vibration in his chest against his back. “They’ve been like this ever since your heat started. Your’s were blue too, at least until now. And in case you were wondering – it’s the fourth day. I’m not sure how much of what’s happen you can recollect.” Seokjin whines at that. Sometimes he wonders if Namjoon can actually read his mind because of the bond but the idea is silly, mostly because if it were so then he expected it to at least be a two way thing. But - Four whole days and not a single memory! The disappointed pout must give him away because Namjoon sighs, “I’m guessing you remember nothing then?”
Seokjin shakes his head and the alpha nods in understanding.
They lay together in quiet conversation while waiting for Namjoon’s knot to go down. The alpha constantly runs a comforting hand up and down Jin’s side, long fingers brushing against the omega’s still tingling skin.
Namjoon tells him that Tae has been checking up on them, bringing them food and water. Seokjin inquires about the situation outside and thankfully, Namjoon tells him that everything has been quiet – for now.
His nose scrunches up at the smell of sex, slick and cum. He must look hideous right now – sweaty and sticky. He knows it’s only natural to end up like this during cycles but he still feels off put, wanting to be at his best for his alpha. Oh Luna! His alpha.
“What’s going through that little, walking library brain of yours?” Namjoon asks, prompting a snort from the other. He wonders what everyone will call Taehyung’s brain once they know how any books the hybrid has read.
“…-ell.”
“Speak up, Jin-ah.”
“I smell.” The prince whines.
Namjoon laughs. “I think we both do, at this point. Taehyung said that he’d placed a basin of water outside, for us to clean up with, but you wouldn’t let me leave the nest while you were awake and you only slept after getting knotted – and well, I can’t exactly leave when I’m like this, can I?” As if to prove his point, the alpha shifts a little, eliciting another moan from the prince, who blushes deeply at the sound he’d made.
“Yah! Don’t move around.” Namjoon kisses the side of his face, making Jin relax against him.
His body is still burning up, the heat and prickling under his skin not having subsided. Four days was an extended heat already but even now it didn’t seem like it will be over soon.
Namjoon’s knot finally goes down after a few minutes and the alpha gives him a heads up before slowly pulling out. Seokjin winces at the sensitivity and shakes his head when Namjoon apologizes.
The prince sits up and turns around, eyes going wide as he takes in Namjoon’s naked form for the first time – at least while being of a conscious mind, that is. He watches as Namjoon wraps a stray blanket around his lower half and pads across the room towards the entrance of the cave, returning with the previously mentioned basin of clean water and a washcloth. The alpha is a sight to see – shoulders just a little less broad than the prince’s own; hard muscled chest and abdomen, strong thighs. He clenches his eyes at the sudden embarrassment he feels as his mind wanders to the alpha’s hot hardness that had been inside the prince. 
It’s only at the sound of dripping water that his eyes flutter open and he watches as the alpha soaks the washcloth and wrings it to remove the excess liquid. “Let me?” the alpha asks, bringing the cloth closer to Seokjin’s face, and after hesitating momentarily Jin acquiesces, letting the alpha slowly and gently clean his skin.
Namjoon’s eyes have returned to their normal color, his light brown hair messy, neck and chest littered with bites and scratches that make Seokjin’s face heat up at the thought of him being the one to put them there.
He’s too busy staring at the patterns of red and purple on tanned skin that he startles when Namjoon gently tugs at the sheet covering his lower half, needing access to Jin’s legs to wipe them.
He clutches at the blanket, suddenly feeling shy for no reason. Namjoon rolls his eyes at him, saying, “Haven’t I seen it all already?” and slowly Jin lets go. Namjoon is even more careful than before, watching him for any signs of discomfort as the alpha cleans between his legs, wiping the soft cloth over Jin’s semi-hard cock and pink opening, which twitches in interest and oozes some more slick when Namjoon’s fingertips accidentally brush against it.
Finished, Namjoon leans in to place a quick, chaste kiss to his lips and then saunters away to change the water and clean up himself. He comes back with a plate of food – fruit and roasted meat. It’s gone cold already but the both of them are too hungry to have the patience to wait until Namjoon could go and heat it up. And honestly, Seokjin thinks he wouldn’t let the alpha leave even if it was he – and not his inner wolf – in control right now.
“The boys are here.” Namjoon says as Jin gulps down some water. “Soobin stayed behind to help Jungkook and Jiwoo look after the castle and the wolves who’ve sought shelter in Yoongi’s kingdom but the rest of them arrived at nightfall yesterday.”
“Has there been any news from Yule? Was there an attack on the city?” Deep down, Jin knows that Jungkook and Jiwoo could hold their own against the fey, especially with Soobin’s support. But Jungkook was his little brother and he couldn’t help but worry for him.
Namjoon nods his head, swallows the slice of green apple he’d been chewing. “There was an attempt at an attack, though it was unsuccessful. Also, Taehyung says he’d sighted faerie scouts not far from here. He thinks that the next target would be here – because all three omegas of the prophecy are in one place and the Fae King wouldn’t want to miss this chance.”
The prince thinks back to his conversation with the hybrid. Of course the Fae King would want to send his armies here first – if not to kill the omegas of the prophecy then to kill Taehyung. At this point, it was probably just an incredible coincidence that Tae was part of the prophecy.
The King was out for the hybrid’s head anyway.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
 
Their limbs were tangled together, space non-existent between their bodies as Namjoon kissed and sucked at his neck, three of his long, nimble fingers plunged deep into Seokjin’s warm opening. The prince’s moans and whimpers fill the room as the alpha fucks him with his fingers despite not needing to stretch him. The copious amount of slick leaking from Jin’s hole was more than enough for a smooth slide but Namjoon seemed to love the pleasured expressions on Seokjin’s face when he did this, at least that is what Jin gathers from the groans and growls coming from Namjoon. Also, Namjoon had apparently already done this many times in the last four days because the alpha manages to hit all the good spots inside him, drawing out more whines and whimpers from the omega.
Namjoon’s eyes are red again – a reaction to the omega’s increasing pheromones as the heat burns within Jin with a newfound passion - Seokjin’s vision is also tinted blue, a sign that his inner wolf was fighting to take over completely.

  Please…

Seokjin struggles to keep the haziness away, wills himself to not get lost in his own pleasure and give up control. His omega had Namjoon for four days, now it was his turn. He doesn’t want to lose any more moments with Namjoon to his inner wolf, he needs to remember this time, to be aware of what transpired between them.  

  Please, let me have this. Don’t we always agree on everything? You are supposed to be a part of me, not something that tries to control me.

Surprisingly, his inner wolf acquiesces when it realizes that Seokjin has no intention of sending the alpha away and there is no further resistance. He still feels lightheaded and hazy, but he’s more aware of his actions and surroundings than he’d ever previously been during his heats. He silently prays to Luna to thank her for granting his wish.
Seokjin falls apart under the alpha’s ministrations, his body trembling from the overload of sensations. The alpha’s fingers inside him, his hot, wet mouth on Jin’s skin, sharp teeth nipping at his collarbone.
“So perfect, so beautiful.” The alpha exhales praises into his skin. “My omega is so good - smart and perfect.”
The prince hides behind his palms. His body is already flushed and red all over so the new blush that creeps onto his face doesn’t really make any noticeable difference. “I-I’m not t-that-ah!…smart, y-you know.”
Namjoon’s head shoots up, eyes wide as he stares at the prince’s blissed out face. Seokjin can tell the exact moment when Namjoon realizes that it’s Seokjin and not the omega’s wolf that has spoken. The fact seems to please Namjoon tremendously. The alpha growls hungrily, fingers slipping out of Jin’s heat. He wipes them on the messy sheets before bringing both of his hands to cup Jin’s face, kissing him deeply.
His hands wander the expanse of Namjoon’s back, feeling the shift of muscles under the skin. The kisses are sloppy, Namjoon’s mouth on his eager and demanding. It was as though Namjoon has lost a little of self control after realizing that Jin has enough presence of mind to consent and make decisions. Seokjin feels a bit guilty for making the alpha hold back.
“Namjoon-ah, t-that’s enough-” When the alpha’s teeth graze the spot just shy of the prince’s scent gland, Jin almost loses it. The words mate me almost slip past his quivering lips. “I need y-you…alpha.”
Namjoon’s hands on him tighten and the alpha bites down hard, teeth piercing skin.
“Ah~!!!!”
It hurts a little but Namjoon licks the bite wound, hot tongue lapping at the puncture marks. He didn’t bite over the scent gland but just above it so it doesn’t count as a mating mark.
The prince’s mouth falls open on a soundless gasp as Namjoon finally pushes in. His insides throb around the hard length as more slick trickles out.
The alpha is breathing heavily above him. “You okay?”
“Y-yeah…”
“Is this going to last?” Namjoon questions. He supports himself on his forearms over Jin’s form. His eyes look hopeful.  “Are you going to be aware for the rest of your heat?”
“I think so.” The alpha sighs, smiling as he leans down to press a soft kiss to Jin’s forehead. “Move, please…alpha.”
The alpha answers with a low grunt. He pulls out to the tip before thrusting back in, starting up a pace that has Jin squirming and crying out in pleasure.
The nest is falling apart around them, the blankets and mats shifting on the ground from all the movement.
He hisses when Namjoon takes a perky nipple into his mouth, tongue swirling around it. He finds it a little amusing, how Namjoon now seems to know more of his sexual kinks and quirks than Seokjin himself does.
His hands tangle in the alpha’s soft, brown hair and he tugs harshly at the first sensation of Namjoon’s expanding knot pressing against his hole. He comes untouched between their bodies just as Namjoon finally pushes his knot completely inside, fucking Seokjin through his orgasm as much as he could with the little give for movement that the knot provided.
Seokjin almost feels overwhelmed as Namjoon stills and comes inside him with a groan, knot locking in the alpha’s cum.
Namjoon’s hands grip him tightly around the waist and he swiftly but carefully maneuvers them such that Seokjin now lay on his chest, face tucked away in Namjoon’s neck.
“How are you feeling?” the brunette asks after a moment.
“Tired.” Jin mumbles into tan skin. “But great. Heat sex isn’t all that bad when I know what is happening to my body and can actually feel the pleasure that comes with an orgasm - instead of just waking up with sore muscles at the end of it all.” He finishes with a chuckle that turns into a lazy yawn.
Thankfully, Seokjin does remain in control for the next two days – the time it took for his heat to finally end. Namjoon caters to his needs like a lost puppy, feeding Jin, fucking him hard when the heat was too much and making soft love to him at other times.
On the last day, Seokjin wakes up with his nose tucked into the alpha’s defined chest. Namjoon is already awake and the heat is over, but they still spend the whole day lazily cuddling among the sheets that smelled like the both of them – after receiving word from Taehyung that the coast was still clear of fey armies, of course.
There were no confessions of love but it was okay. Seokjin knew how Namjoon felt about him, and with almost complete certainty the prince too knew that he was in love with the alpha.
It just wasn’t the right time yet - for them to say the words out loud. So instead, Jin settled for soft kisses, warm cuddles and Namjoon’s hands and mouth worshipping his body one last time before they would have to return to the harsh reality of an impending war.
 
 
 
***
 

  RESUME READING HERE.

 
“You are the most reckless person I’ve ever met in my entire life!” A raspy voice marvels as soon as Seokjin enters the room. The prince stops in his tracks for merely a second before launching himself onto the petite male.
“Yoongi! You are awake!”
“Goodness gracious, let me breathe.”
Seokjin retracts his arms from around the red-head, stumbling over his apologies as he looks the elder omega over. Yoongi’s skin is as pale as ever but there is a healthy glow to his cheeks and a sparkle in his eyes that had been absent while he was in a comatose state.
“I’m so happy you are feeling better, Yoongi.”
“I heard what you did, back in Yule. Thank you, Seokjin.” The Pale King bows slightly. “If it weren’t for you, none of us might’ve made it here alive.”
Seokjin waves his hands in front of him, visibly flustered. “No, no, I didn’t do much at all. It was just luck.”
The red head levels him with a hard stare. Yoongi doesn’t break eye contact for a tense moment but then the male startles Seokjin when he huffs and envelopes the younger in a hug.
Sure, the prince was hugging the elder omega just a few minutes ago but that was Seokjin’s initiative. They did form a sorts of friendship the first time they met but still, Yoongi didn’t look like someone who would hug just anyone.
He lifts his eyes to look in the direction of the noise when he hears an amused snort. Hoseok stands a few steps to the side, one side of his mouth lifted in a smirk. “What did you bribe my mate with, Kim Seokjin?” He playfully questions.
Yoongi scoffs before turning to look at his intended. “What, now I can’t even hug my friend?” he pouts, padding across the small space between them to stand beside Hoseok. He then leans in towards Hoseok’s ear and pretends to whisper in his ear while actually speaking in a normal tone that can be heard by all the occupants of the room. “Although, I better refrain from hugging him too much right now because he reeks of Namjoon.”
Everyone bursts out in boisterous laughter. Meanwhile, Seokjin rolls his eyes upon seeing how proud Namjoon looks at Yoongi’s declaration.
Hoseok leads Yoongi to sit back on the bed, both grinning ear to ear. Jimin is laughing in the corner, bodily leaning into Taehyung. They seem to have successfully made up, the couple clinging to each other.
Yeonjun and the boys are rolling on the floor and slapping each other’s backs and arms as though they’ve just heard the funniest joke ever.
In his periphery, Seokjin sees Namjoon incline his head and follows the alpha’s line of sight to spot Chanyeol, Irene and Seulgi huddled together. Seulgi was trying her best to mask her laugh while Irene watched on fondly.
Even damn Claw seemed right at home, perched on one of the shelves. Whoever let the bird in the cave is crazy, if you ask Jin.
Seokjin wished this happy mood could last forever but he knows that it would be impossible unless and until they retake their land from the Royals.
On their short walk between the caves Seokjin had glimpsed the immense numbers of shifters that gathered in the area. There were mostly alphas and betas, with some omegas in the mix. Some looked unharmed albeit exhausted and scared, while most had injuries ranging from simple scratches to broken or missing limbs and deep, bleeding gashes.
Namjoon had managed to fill him in on the situation a bit – holding productive conversations whenever they were able to take a break from the fucking and Seokjin’s desperate pleas.
The Royals had launched simultaneous and consecutive attacks on all the kingdoms and independent packs, killing thousands, gravely injuring hundreds. A larger part of the omega population had taken refuge in the city of Yule while Jungkook rallied everyone to help protect the city and those who could not fight – children, pregnant shifters, the elderly and the disabled. The walls of Yule, though not completely finished, were the saving grace amidst the surprise attacks.
Seokjin hears the sound of feet on stone and turns just in time to see Lady Jiwon descend into the slightly crowded cave. She had been the one to lead the shifters to Yule, having assumed that Seokjin was still in the Pale King’s Realm. The beta was clad in full armor, a combination of leather and metal. She looked ready for battle.
She bows deep to Seokjin and then Yoongi before approaching the Kim prince.
“Lady Jiwon.” Seokjin greets her politely. “You’ve done our kingdom and your ancestors proud by saving so many lives.”
Jiwon smiles, shaking her head. “Just doing my duty, Your Highness. After all, I did promise to help you take back the kingdom.”
Some small talk is exchanged. Seokjin slips away from Namjoon’s side to greet Seulgi, Irene and Chanyeol. Sometime later, he sees Namjoon, Hoseok, Jiwon and Yoongi huddled over a table, deep in discussion.
The prince scans the room, looking for a particular face – a boy with elven ears. When he finally finds him, Taehyung is already looking at him. They nod at each other and stand, walking towards the center of the room.
Jimin stares after Taehyung with a confused expression which turns even more perplexed as the two omegas stand in the middle of the cave and wait for the others to take notice. Slowly, the chatter and discussion die down as head after head turns to inquisitively look their way.
“I have something to confess.” Taehyung starts after clearing his throat.
There is silence in the cave as everyone waits for Taehyung to speak and Seokjin encourages the hybrid to continue. “Go on, Tae. It will be fine.”
“I t-think I might know why the Fae King started the war.” The hybrid says, making everyone perk up with interest. Taehyung is nervous, his hands becoming fidgety, and Seokjin moves closer to him in silent support.
“Tae if you know something that might help us, then please do tell.” Hoseok encourages with Yoongi nodding his head in agreement.
Taehyung sighs and gives Seokjin one last look before taking a deep breath and proceeding to reveal the secret he’s been hiding for the past couple of years.
“Jimin, remember how I explained to you how all my different powers came to me gradually over the span of several years?” He receives a nod from the blonde alpha. “Well, the last element that I gained was teleportation magic. As you all might know, it is very rare for faeries to possess this type of magic so I didn’t really have anyone around to learn from. Even now, I have no control of when I might accidentally teleport myself somewhere.”
“When I was fifteen, I once unintentionally teleported myself somewhere I was never supposed to be – the Faerie Courts.”
Seokjin watches as Jimin’s brows shoot up, eyes going wide at the revelation. Everyone’s faces are colored in various degrees of shock and disbelief. It was a well known fact all over the Ancestral lands that no one but the ruling King and his closest guards and advisors knew of the location of the fabled Faerie Palace and the magic entrance to it. This made Taehyung’s accidental visit to the mysterious sanctuary a very big deal.
Although the prince already knew everything Taehyung has said until now and of all that the young hybrid was going to say henceforth, he too was still a little in denial about the truth of everything. Seokjin bore witness to all the death and destruction caused by the war but it wasn’t until his late night conversation with Taehyung that he’d come to know the true extent of the horrors committed by the current Faerie King who has become a slave to greed and power.
“Does anyone know why hybrids are so rare?” Taehyung addresses the occupants of the room.
“Because faeries consider wolves as beings beyond their stature and hence, relations between shifters and faeries have always been forbidden and considered as taboo.” Seulgi supplies to which everyone but Seokjin and Taehyung nod in agreement.
“That’s a myth.” Taehyung refutes, further confusing everyone. “It was something that was instilled in people to cover up the truth.”
“Then what is this truth that they so desperately wanted to hide?” Chanyeol barks angrily. Some of his pack had perished during the fey’s attack on their settlement and the loss was still fresh. First he had lost Baekhyun and now, years later, his pack was still suffering and losing family members.
“A hybrid pup almost never survives long past childbirth and the parent who gives birth always dies. Some believe that the deaths are a result of a curse, others think that it’s because the faerie and wolf bloodlines are incompatible. But in reality, they die because their body can’t sustain the magic. A hybrid has faerie powers and magic in their blood and not all can be a vessel for the magic - especially if the hybrid child is of Royal birth.”
“What...do you mean?” It’s Jimin again. The alpha had been getting more restless by the second.
“A hybrid having Royal blood is special. Or more like, their blood is. It’s akin to an elixir of immortality for other hybrids. Generally, full-blooded faeries are immortal unless they die by choice or from serious injury. But hybrids aren’t immortal – their lifespan is longer than an ordinary shifter but not as long as a true faerie. And since the current Faerie King is a hybrid, he needed to find another way to survive and mask his true nature. The King needed to extend his life to prevent the other fey folk from questioning his lineage because he wouldn’t be able to stay in power otherwise.”
“So…you are saying…the Faerie King is a hybrid and he drinks the blood of other hybrids to prolong his life?” Hoseok demands.
Taehyung shakes his head. “Not just any hybrids but a hybrid who is a descendant of the King’s bloodline.”
“That’s preposterous!” Irene exclaims, fist banging against the top of the little wooden table in front of her. “Doesn’t that mean he would be killing and drinking the blood of his own progeny?”
“It does.” The hybrid confirms.
“Oh My Luna! That is so fucked up…” the black-haired beta covers her face with her hands while Seulgi gently pats her mate on the arm.
All throughout Taehyung’s narration, Seokjin had been waiting to hear one voice in particular. Yoongi was too smart to not catch on and just as expected, the Pale King’s voice interrupts Irene’s litany of muffled profanities.
“Taehyung,” the hybrid turns to face the eldest omega, Seokjin mirroring the action. “By how much does one hybrid’s blood extend the Fae King’s lifespan?”
“From my research, I would say about fifteen to twenty years. You might feel perplexed as to how he has so many children who are hybrids given that our kind is so rare, but that’s where most of the war prisoner omegas and those who end up in slave trade end up. As his breeders, with the sole purpose to bear and birth a healthy hybrid of Royal Faerie blood only for the child to be killed once they’ve reached an age when the magic in their blood is the most profound. ”
“And how many sons does the King currently have?” Yoongi presses, knowing that there is more. Seokjin doesn’t miss the disgusted expression on Yoongi’s face, but more than disgust, the omega king looks furious.
“Excluding those drained of blood and buried deep under the earth?” Taehyung chuckles darkly and Seokjin catches a spark of green in his eyes. It can’t be...the dream…his dream had something to do with Taehyung. “Only one. Me.”
Everything is pure chaos as the young hybrid tries to explain what he overheard in the Faerie Courts that one fateful day but Seokjin’s mind and heart are full of fear as he realizes that Taehyung might not only be a powerful Royal, Heir to the Faerie King’s throne but also a dangerous creature who, in unforeseen future, might inflict on them more harm than good.
 
 
***
 
TaeTae's mood board :). I've been itching to post this for months. Also, sadly, I don't have one made for JK.
If I do manage to make one, I'll probably post it with the epilogue.

  

 
 
  
    Chapter Text
    “We are going to be fine, Taehyungie.” Jimin sits down beside him and wraps an arm around Tae’s waist, pulling him closer to his side. Tae leans his head on Jimin’s shoulder and continues observing all the people running around.“With the size of the Royal army that’s coming for us, Jimin, it is not realistically possible for everyone to be fine at the end of it all.”“There is nothing we can do but try our best, though.” Jimin says soothingly. The alpha had been Tae’s pillar of support and singular source of comfort for years now and a small part of Taehyung regrets not telling Jimin everything about himself.The alpha had been a little grouchy about it but after a day had passed everything between them had gone back to normal. It’s just another thing he loves about Jimin – he never hates, never holds grudges, only ever tries his best to spread love and healing. He thinks that Jimin’s too innocent for this world, honestly.Taehyung buries his nose in Jimin’s neck, the cold tip brushing against the blonde alpha’s scent gland, making Jimin’s breath hitch, his hold around Taehyung’s waist tighten.Tae inhales the alpha’s scent deep, relishing in it. A little more daring, he angles his head and his tongue darts out, swiping a wet line over the gland. He just nuzzles deeper into Jimin’s neck when he feels a low, warning growl building in the alpha’s throat.Jimin stands so suddenly that Taehyung almost falls. But Jimin would never let Tae fall. He pulls the younger up, grip a little stronger than Tae is usually used to.“Come with me…” Jimin says and though his tone is tentative, his eyes hold something that makes Taehyung’s heart beat faster. It’s rare for Jimin to give in to his alpha and Tae always gets excited when it happens. He loves this side of the blonde. He loves everything about Jimin, but this side of him is a little special in Taehyung’s heart because it’s so rare to be able to witness it.Tae has lived in these hills for most of his life, and though Jimin hasn’t spent nearly as much time here as Tae did, they both knew this place like the backs of their hands.They stumble through the throngs of people mulling about. He knows they are on the brink of a war with a very powerful enemy, but he is also sure that he would never give up a single moment with Jimin, no matter how stupid it might all seem – chasing kisses and body warmth when one should be getting ready to fight and fend for their life and countless others’.When they reach the small, hidden cave, far enough from the other shifters that now took up residence in Taehyung’s home, Jimin is on him in the blink of an eye.The alpha cages him against the wall, musky scent filling tae’s nostrils, making his normally dormant omega scratch at the surface, demanding more, craving more, because like Taehyung, his omega also knows that it might take many more months of teasing for the alpha to crack and give in to his desires again. Taehyung knows it isn’t fair to Jimin, teasing and testing the limits of the alpha’s self control and patience when Jimin only has his safety and best interests in mind. But he can’t help it, he loves moments like this one too much.Jimin attacks his lips, biting and nipping and kissing hotly and Taehyung responds with fervor, relishing in the feel of hard muscle as Jimin’s whole body is pressed up against his own, pushing him back into the rough stone of the cave.His hands tangle in Jimin’s sun-bleached locks, tugging him closer and closer even though there’s no space between them already. Jimin disconnects their lips and tugs Tae’s robes off of one shoulder, exposing smooth, beautifully tan skin. His legs tremble and feel boneless as Jimin dips his head and the alpha’s teeth graze his scent gland.“J-Jimin~” he whimpers. He tries not to move because he knows the alpha won’t go further than a few desperate kisses but Taehyung’s hips still buck up, providing a moment of delicious friction. As expected, Jimin freezes, fingers digging sharply into Taehyung’s skin as the alpha tries to calm his racing heart and growing arousal.“Taehyungie…you know we-““I know.” Taehyung cuts him off softly. “I know you want to wait, for me to be sure about this.” He continues, placing a lingering peck on the alpha’s jaw – so unlike their messy kissing earlier – “But Jiminie, I’ve never been surer about anything in my life than I am about this –us.”Jimin growls softly, his wolf pleased with the admission. However, as always, Jimin is just too fucking good at controlling his wolf and after a few more open-mouthed kisses down the line of Taehyung’s shoulder the alpha just buries his nose in his neck and hugs him tight. Tae sighs, just a tiny bit disappointed, but he still hugs him back, arms winding around Jimin’s body.“I love you so much, Tae.” Jimin whispers into his neck and Taehyung’s pout melts into a soft smile.“I love you, my softie alpha.”Jimin scoffs at the remark but doesn’t move from his position. They stay like that, relishing in each other’s warmth, until they hear Seokjin’s voice in the distance, calling out their names.   ***    “I’m surprised they haven’t attacked yet.” Yoongi drawls, “Given their nature, one would assume they wouldn’t follow the rules of war.”“Well, it works in our favor so I’m not going to question it.” Seokjin whispers from his position.Taehyung sighs. “They aren’t attacking because they are mocking us.” He says, “That’s not even half of their army. They know they outnumber us greatly and will be the victors.”“We will see about that.” Seokjin says tersely. He’s been a little on edge since Claw returned with another message from Soobin and Jungkook, reporting the casualty count in the first attack on Yule.Personally, Taehyung feels Jungkook and Soobin must be well proficient in strategy since they managed to withstand the Fey army. But Jungkook was Seokjin’s little brother and it was only reasonable for him to be worried even if they did manage to successfully fend off the Royals for now.Everyone was anxious, even a few of the shifters who Hoseok had assigned to lead separate units as per their plan seemed to be all over the place since they got their first look at the Royal army. Seokjin, in contrast, seemed scarily calm and collected in all matters except those pertaining to his brother.“We should go back now.” Namjoon says from behind them – their escort for this scouting session. The alphas had refused to send the three of them alone despite knowing that they were more than capable of protecting themselves. Seeing them being over-protective was cute but it was a tad bit too much. “They might not attack us as a whole but nothing is stopping them from going after you three since their King is out to kill you. Especially you, Taehyung.”“Maybe I shouldn’t have told everybody.” He mumbles.“Agreed.” Yoongi chimes in, “Telling Seokjin and me would’ve been enough.”“And what? The three of you would form a three-man army and march on the Royals?” Namjoon raises a brow, narrows his eyes when Jin responds with a “I like the sound of that.”The alpha pulls Jin back by the collar and with a resigned huff and a last look at the vast expanse of dead land with the Royal army camped out on the far side, he turns to follow the alpha. Yoongi and Taehyung trail after the pair.   ***   He’s helping Jimin with arranging and cataloging all the herbs that would be used for treating injuries later on when Seokjin approaches him.“Can I have a word, Tae?” he requests, avoiding Jimin’s inquisitive gaze. Taehyung sees Yoongi watching the interaction from the shadows and immediately senses that the two omegas are likely planning something without the alphas’ knowledge.“Sure. I’ll be right there.” He replies and Seokjin walks away, joining Yoongi just as Taehyung had expected. He puts down the small journal he’d been using to note down things for Jimin and pecks the alpha on the cheek. “Be right back…?” he says sweetly, ending on a question when he notices the suspicious look Jimin’s eyeing him with. Geez, it was pretty hard to act nonchalant and casual around someone who knows you so well.“Just make sure to not go too far on your own.” The alpha says, eyes drifting toward where Yoongi and Seokjin now stand together. “The Fey have been quiet for now – don’t provoke them.”“Whatever you say, alpha” Taehyung replies and sprints away before Jimin can reply.When they see him coming towards them, Seokjin and Yoongi turn towards the stone staircase, gesturing for Tae to follow.“So, what is it?” he enquires when he catches up with them.Yoongi shushes him. “Hold your horses until we get a bit further away. Don’t want anyone to overhear and tattle on us.”“Ah…nice.” Taehyung grins. “Here I was, afraid that you two would actually listen to them and not do anything until tomorrow.”“Wouldn’t that be awfully boring?” Jin chuckles.“So, what is it?” he tries again when the other two omegas seem like they are finally satisfied with how far away they were from any prying eyes and ears.The older two exchange a conspiratorial look before Seokjin asks, “Have you ever tried going back there? The Royal library?”“Like…you mean teleporting?” the two nod. Taehyung scratches the back of his head. “I did – once. But as you know, I can’t really control most of the elements that well, especially teleportation magic. I tried going back a few days after the first time but instead I just got teleported to the nearest entrance.”“Entrance to the Fey Kingdom?” Yoongi asks, “Like the fabled one that’s underground?”“Uhuh.” Yoongi and Seokjin exchange another look and Taehyung feels like he knows exactly where this conversation is going. “You…want me to try and teleport us there, don’t you?”“If possible, yes.” Yoongi confirms.Taehyung thinks it over. When he’d first teleported near the King’s throne room, he’d been lucky. His magic had been too suppressed and faint for the faeries to notice. But if he did so right now they would surely be discovered within a few minutes. He conveys the same thoughts to the elder omegas and they sigh in defeat.“What would we have done anyway? Assuming we could’ve actually teleported there?”Yoongi shrugs. “Don’t know. Search the library for any manuscripts on how to kill the bloody Fey King?”“Or for any records of the prophecy.” Seokjin adds, “Would be nice to know the full thing, even if it seems to be useless right now when the armies are marching tomorrow. “In the end, the three go off on their own, mulling over things and trying to come up with another reckless plan.Deep in the night, Taehyung sneaks away from the main cave and the safety of Jimin’s arms, wandering into the forest. He sits cross-legged on the ground, snow scrunching below him and tries to teleport.It’s almost dawn when a huge boxy smile overtakes his features.   ***   Taehyung can’t help but chuckle at how disoriented and shaky Yoongi and Seokjin look as the magic spits the three of them out.It’s not the throne room or the Royal library but Taehyung is still proud that he was able to teleport them here – to one of the entrances to the Fey Realms; a new one he supposes, since he hadn’t previously known of its existence despite the proximity to his home. The new entrance must be how the Fey army had gotten there so quick without any of them noticing until the numbers were already too huge for them to attack without a perfect strategy.“I’m never doing that again!” Yoongi grits out through clenched teeth, leaning against Jin’s side who seems to be handling it marginally better than the eldest.Taehyung himself feels a little lightheaded but it’s nothing he can’t handle. “We should get going.” He says, heading towards the entrance – a swirling pool of magic that is barely visible to the naked eye unless one is looking for it.“Let’s pray to Luna that no one is waiting on the other side.” Seokjin says, reaching for Taehyung’s hand.“That would suck. For them – once Hobi finds out they tried to capture me.” Yoongi quips, a smirk playing at his lips as he holds onto Seokjin’s other hand.Seokjin and Taehyung laugh lightly but it hardly does anything to dissolve the tense air around them. “You say you won’t ever use a portal again but the entrance is also a portal.” Tae reminds Yoongi offhandedly.They take a deep breath and Taehyung steps forward. The magic entrance does the rest, the portal pulling him in– and by extension Jin and Yoongi – like gravity, their bodies feeling weightless, minds a swirling mess of mush for a couple of seconds until they land on unsteady legs and collapse in a tangle of limbs.Taehyung blinks, eyelids fluttering open onto a view that is both familiar and not alike.Vines and glowing mushrooms cover the walls and floor of the cave they are in and he hears Jin suck in a breath.“Holy Luna, it’s pretty.” Jin whispers and Yoongi hums in agreement.“Well, let me warn you that the mushrooms are poisonous.” He says and cackles at Seokjin’s pale face as the omega withdraws his hand from where he’d been about to touch one of the glowing fungi. His laughter dies down quickly though when he notices Yoongi’s expression and remembers that the eldest omega had almost dies just a few days ago – due to poison.“Was it made from these?” Yoongi questions, eyeing the mushrooms warily; He is obviously referring to the poison that had been mixed in with his wine at the banquet in Yule castle.“No,” he shakes his head. “That was a much stronger poison. These mushrooms would put you to sleep for a day at most, two if one has particularly low resistance.” Yoongi nods but Taehyung still notices how the eldest avoids even the tiniest contact with the fungi as they head down the tunnel.“Namjoon is going to be so mad when he wakes up.” Jin casually says sometime later. The end of the tunnel is still out of sight, the single underground path winding and curling but not ending.“Awee…” Taehyung pouts, “I can’t believe I’m missing a chance to see an angry Jimin.” He says and rolls his eyes when the two look at him a little weird. “What? Jimin’s hot when he’s angry.”Seokjin is about to say something but stumbles to a stop and squints. “Just perfect!” he cries. As Taehyung focuses on the air in front of them he can barely make out a five-way fork in the tunnel a few feet ahead.“Now which way?” Yoongi asks, annoyed, when they get to the fork. The eldest paces from one tunnel to the next, peeking into the cave entrances with a thoughtful look on his face. Yoongi turns to face them, mouth parting as though he’s about to say something but the omega pauses, his lips parted as he stares at something behind Taehyung. The youngest stumbles backward when he looks behind and sees Seokjin, eyes vacant and blue. “J-Jin? Is something wrong?” the whispered words are incredibly loud in the eerily quiet tunnels and Seokjin’s eyes remain distant, the omega unresponsive.Yoongi looks at Taehyung with a question in his eyes and the youngest shakes his head, clueless.“Jin, wait!” the eldest whisper-shouts when Seokjin starts moving, slowly walking forward with a hand against the cave wall, small steps leading him down one of the forks in the tunnel. A possibility strikes Taehyung then and he pulls Yoongi back just as the red-haired was about to touch Seokjin’s shoulder.“He’s having a…a vision.” He tells Yoongi. The other looks at him wide-eyed and then turns to study Seokjin who’s still moving ahead, not waiting for them.“Right now?” Yoongi asks.“Um, being inside the Fey domain must be amplifying the faerie blood in his veins. Assuming that our deduction of the Kim Royal line being descendants of Fey hybrids is correct.”“So we follow him?”“Yes, for now we follow Jin.”   ***   Taehyung sees the exact moment Seokjin comes to his senses.The elder omega blinks and stumbles when he realizes he’s not at the same place as he was when his supposed vision started. He can see Seokjin let out a breath of relief when he notices that both Taehyung and Yoongi are with him.“Okay…what just happened?” he asks, voice breathy and posture on-guard.“That’s what we want to know, Jin.” Yoongi quips unhelpfully.“You had a vision of sorts…  I think?” Tae says, phrasing it like a question because he’s not sure.Jin considers it. His eyes flit back and forth, scanning the area they were in and then he nods, slowly. “Yeah…I think I had a vision. Fuck, I had a vision! Holy Luna!”Yoongi snorts. “Are you seriously using Luna’s name in the same sentence as a cuss word?”“Those were separate sentences though.” he says.“Wouldn’t be the first time.” Seokjin supplies with a shrug. “Now, can someone please tell me - where the heck are we?”“You tell us.” Yoongi mumbles. “You are the one who brought us here.”Taehyung feels a bit amused at how snarky the normally serious and diplomatic Yoongi gets when he’s tensed. He does a three-sixty in place, scanning the tunnel for anything he might’ve missed. There’s nothing though, apart from more glowing mushrooms. The straight tunnel stops a bit in front of them, curving towards the right, the stone of the sharp turn obscuring their vision of whatever is further up ahead.He steps up to Seokjin and places a hand on his arm, drawing the elder’s attention. “Can you remember anything from your vision? “ Seokjin shakes his head.“It wasn’t like the previous ones I had.” Jin explains, head tilted towards the ceiling as he thinks. He closes his eyes. “At first…I heard crying and screaming. Then suddenly there was nothing – just this weird pull that was calling me, beckoning me to come after it. I don’t even recall moving my feet to get here.”“Okay. Let us ju-“ A sharp noise interrupts him, making them all flinch a bit. Yoongi, as the eldest and always protective despite his own streak for rebelliousness, moves to stand in front of Taehyung and Seokjin.“Tell me you heard that.” The red-haired king says.“I heard that.” He and Seokjin reply in unison.Seokjin sucks in a breath. “Dungeons.” He says, “It’s like something or someone is hitting the bars. The secret passageway I had to take to reach the training grounds was just behind the castle dungeons and I would always hear this type of noise.”In front of Taehyung, Yoongi’s whole body goes stiff, teeth clenched, eyes shut.The red-haired trembles slightly, almost invisible in the faint light coming from the glowing mushrooms.It’s like Yoongi relives his several weeks in captivity in the few moments his eyes stay closed.The eldest jumps slightly in surprise when Seokjin envelopes him in a hug. “Shhh…we are here with you now. No one is going to put you in a cage ever again.”Yoongi stays like that for only another moment before nodding and moving back. He straightens his back, expression holding a hint of anger. “I hate dungeons.” He says on an exhale, “Even back in Yule it’s always either Hobi or Soobin who take care of the prisoners.”They wait a bit more for Yoongi to calm down completely and after a glance at each other, they round the corner of the tunnel.   ***   They should have expected it, in all honesty. But Seokjin and Taehyung were more worried about Yoongi’s mental state than the fact that they were now in enemy territory.That is why they were late to notice the fey knights.There were four of them, clad in light armor and having skin of various tints.Unlike Seokjin and Taehyung, the fey were on alert and saw the intruders immediately, surging forward to attack. Taehyung, having little to almost non-existent experience in combat and none in handling surprise attacks, panicked and fumbled. Seokjin too, could not draw his sword in time.Thankfully, Yoongi had been vigilant.A cry of pain pierces the air as the red-headed king slashes the first fey knight across the chest, the gash deep and oozing shimmery blood as the knight collapses onto his knees.Yoongi drives his sharp claws into the knight’s neck, severing the head. It falls to the ground, blood pooling around the body as it too strikes the floor of the cave.The other knights are startled for moment, maybe surprised to see how efficiently and swiftly an omega had disposed of one of their friends, or more likely at the fact that there was a wolf in partial shift standing before them, fierce and eyes blazing.The brief moment of delay in the fey knights’ response also gives enough time for Taehyung to collect himself and for Seokjin to finally draw his sword.There are voices coming from up ahead now - cries for help, the prisoners shouting and banging against the bars of their cells.Seokjin and Yoongi attack while Taehyung tries to restrain the guards with the help of vines. However, one of the knights is apparently a fire elemental and burns through the restraints, rendering them useless. Fortunately, the knight seems vary to use more of his magic in a tight space such as this where he could easily cause harm to his own men. The hesitation gives the three omegas an immense advantage.Taehyung ducks and dodges swords and Yoongi’s claws as he tries to get closer to one of the other knights. He smiles, making a mental note to thank Jimin for his self defense lessons once they get back to camp.He sidesteps as his target reaches out to grab him and instead wraps his arms around the fae’s neck, holding the guard in a chokehold.At various stages of his life, Taehyung had gained some level of control over all the elemental types of magic that faeries have been known to possess. The power he has over the different elements varies according to the time he’s possessed them and the experience he’s gotten from actually using them. But there were three elements he considered himself to be an expert in – water, fire and flora.As he holds the man in place, he wills fire to manifest on his skin. It doesn’t harm Taehyung, only feeling like a warm blanket, but the knight in his hold screams in agony as his skin chars black and hair catches fire, as even his armor starts to melt a little from the searing heat. Meanwhile, Taehyung enjoys watching his friends in action.Seokjin might be exceptional with a bow, but he’s no master with a sword. However, he’s been practicing diligently with Namjoon during their free time and has gotten incredibly good even though he’s only started training fairly recently. He was clearly a very fast learner.He parries a heavy strike from a knight twice his size and height, holds the position for a bit, making the knight apply more force and then suddenly pulls back and dodges side-ways. The knight stumbles forward from the force of his own sword and Jin uses the chance to slice a wide cut across the fae’s back, making the larger fae hiss.Yoongi seems to be having a little fun himself as he taunts his opponent, making snarky and rude remarks.Taehyung chuckles. “Leave the poor soul some of his dignity, Yoongi.” He calls and the red-head snorts in reply before diving in for another attack. The body in his own arms slumps against him lifelessly and Taehyung drops the charred fae to the ground, grimacing at the sight.  Taehyung turns Yoongi’s opponent’s distraction to his benefit. He concentrates on the vines in the cave and wills them to move, making them wrap around the fire-wielder’s ankles and arms. Yoongi clicks his tongue unappreciatively at the help but Taehyung stands his ground as the redhead goes in for the kill – normally, Taehyung could stand there and watch his friends toy with the fey knights forever but the sooner they got this over with, the better. After all, they had a whole war for them to fight in today.He lets the vines unwrap when the knight’s eyes turn empty and a croak from behind prompts him to turn around, just in time to see Seokjin drive his sword through the last knight’s heart.Maybe it was their luck that only one of the four knights had been an elemental, the duds mostly being charged with odd jobs like prison guards. However, this fight had made all three of them more confident in their abilities and their chances of successfully fending off opponents in the real fight – the one waiting for them in the dead lands up above.“Ughh! Maybe I should just let Namjoon clean this later.” Seokjin grimaces, looking at his sword stained in gooey, shimmery faerie blood. “Tae, you said you were more fae than wolf – does this mean your blood is also like this? So sticky…”“It isn’t.” Taehyung replies, watching Yoongi shift back into a human. It was a little awesome, if you ask him – an omega who had the ability of partial shift, a fabled seer and a hybrid who had control over all the elements, all gathered in one place, together fighting against a common enemy. “Only full-blooded fey have the shimmery blood.”The three of them turn in tandem towards the curtain of vines that separated this tunnel and the one where the noises were coming from.“Now, let’s go and free some shifters, shall we?” Seokjin announces and moves to push the veil aside, revealing rows upon rows of stone cells, sturdy metal bars holding back miserable-looking shifters, some in human and others in wolf form.Yoongi walks up to one cell and Seokjin to one on the opposite side and in unison they strike the locks on the door, Yoongi with his claws and Jin with his bloody sword. The broken locks tumble to the ground with a thud and the doors creak open, the occupants of the cells storming out and collapsing just outside the cells, whimpers and cries of thank you, thank you so much falling from their chapped lips.Seokjin and Yoongi glance down the long stretch of the tunnel and then at each other before beckoning Taehyung closer.“You need to teleport back to camp, Tae.” Seokjin says.“What? No! I should stay and help. There are a lot of captives here, judging by the number of cells.”“And that is exactly why you should go back, Taehyung.” Yoongi stresses. “There are too many shifters here, weak and unable to defend themselves. Even if we manage to get them safely above-ground the large crowd would immediately attract the fey’s attention unlike our group of three earlier. If we want to get them back to camp unharmed then we need someone on the outside, waiting to help us defend them.”It was true, Taehyung acquiesces. This rescue wouldn’t matter if most of them got killed by faeries on the way back. But there was a small problem. “I can’t teleport many people at once though. Even us three was really though.”Jin’s jaw clenches as he thinks of a solution. “Get Yeonjun and the boys.” He says at last. “Good fighters, less strain on you to teleport, less explaining to do. Just make sure that neither Namjoon, Hoseok or Jimin get wind of this because if they do, they would insist on coming and right now they cannot leave their posts. They are the commanders of this war and they need to be there to lead their units and Jimin has to be on standby in the healers den if these people are to be treated.”“Okay, get Yeonjun and the gang, avoid our alphas. Sounds easy.” He huffs, “They must already be aware that we are missing by now. It’s been almost three hours since we left before dawn.”Yoongi pats him on the shoulder. “Be quick.” He says before scurrying off to break more locks. Seokjin smiles at him and waits until Taehyung shimmers and disappears, trying his best to teleport himself as near to camp as he can and in a discrete place so as to not be seen by the three over-protective alphas.    ***    “I can’t believe you three thought it was a good idea to sneak off!” Hobi says harshly, looking at Yoongi but directing the words to all three omegas. “Do you not see the massive fey army waiting to rip you to pieces?”Yoongi rolls his eyes, arms folded over his chest. “And the fact that I took down a whole kingdom by myself doesn’t matter. Not to brag or anything.” He shoots his intended a pointed glare.“Now you’re just being ridiculous.” Hoseok huffs and grabs Yoongi by the arm, dragging the protesting omega towards the main cave.Some distance away Taehyung sees Namjoon and Jin, both exasperated as they argue.Meanwhile, he himself ignores every word being said to him by an angry and worried Jimin. The only thing that actually registers with Tae is the fact that Jimin actually got angry twice in just a couple of days.“Everything is just fine, isn’t it though?” Tae mumbles, “We came back unharmed and managed to free hundreds of our people who might’ve been harmed otherwise.”Jimin sighs and places his hands over Taehyung’s shoulders.“Tae, yes, you did well. I won’t tell you otherwise when you’ve saved the lives of so many. But it’s the way you three went about it, Taehyungie.”“Well, obviously we had no other choice since we all know you wouldn’t have let us go if we asked.”“Tae-““Sir Park, the injured are waiting for you at the healing den. We made a list of the patients’ names according to the seriousness of the injury.”Jimin’s hands clench, nails slightly digging into Taehyung’s robes as he eyes one of the shifters who’d volunteered to help with the healing.“Go, Jimin.” He says softly. “I’m safe and they need you.”Jimin shuts his eyes for a moment and then turns and nods at the omega who’d come to fetch him. “I’ll be there in a moment.” He says and the young girl scurries away.He shifts his attention to Taehyung then, biting his lip to hold back the reprimands. He sighs and leans down, catching Taehyung by surprise when he kisses him once, deeply. “Just let me come with the next time you run off to do something so reckless again.” He says, voice still holding just a smudge of anger.“You will have plenty of chances then.” Taehyung responds with a grin, making the alpha roll his eyes.“I don’t doubt it.” He huffs exasperatedly and with a quick peck, jogs away.   ***   As it happens, the Fey weren’t trying to observe rules of war by waiting for sunrise before attacking.The Royal army had been stalling, waiting for something to happen and when it did they attacked with neither warning nor preamble.The shifters were just starting to get ready to march out but with the sudden attack everything was thrown into chaos as they scrambled for armor and weapons. Those who couldn’t get to their weapons in time shifted and fought as wolves, coats glistening in the morning sun for a few brief moments before eventually, being stained with dirt and blood.Fortunately, Taehyung had been in proximity to both Seokjin and Jimin and they stayed close together as they fought, Jimin’s blonde wolf the same color as his hair.“Jimin, you have to head back to the healing den!” he shouts, torching another fey with his flames.“I can’t leave you two by yourselves.” Jimin replies through the mind-link. Seokjin hears the wolf too, all seven of them having scented lightly earlier that morning - just after the three omegas got back - so that the mind-link would open up. “We need to get you two closer to Namjoon or Hoseok. Can you see either of them?” Jimin says as he clamps his jaw over a fae’s arm, lifting the knight off his feet and throwing him to the side, arm now disconnected from torso.Seokjin and Taehyung scan the haphazard crowd, looking for the familiar faces of their friends. Tae sees Beomgyu and Yeonjun fighting in the distance and a series of piercing screams leads his eyes to Yoongi, skin and clothes as bright red as his blazing hair, soaked in shimmery blood of the enemy.“I see Yoongi, but Hoseok isn’t with him!” he shouts to the other two over all the noise of fighting – swords clanging, teeth and claws ripping flesh, arrows whooshing through the air, spears impaling bodies with a loud thunk.“We should go to him for now.” Seokjin shouts back and Jimin supplies them with a mental hum.They fight their way through the lines of fey knights surrounding them, bodies tumbling to the ground one after the other, some bleeding, some charred or strangled with thick, thorny vines.Yoongi is handling his own share of enemies exceptionally well - the fey surrounding the omega king even look at the red-head with a hint of fear in their eyes. He acknowledges them with a “Have you seen Hobi?” when the three get close enough for the mind-link to work.“We were searching for him and Namjoon when we saw you.” Taehyung answers, dodging to barely avoid a sword swinging at his head.The four of them fight side by side, scanning the mob for faces of their loved ones.“He is okay…” he hears Jin whisper softly, mostly to himself. Chancing a quick glance in the direction the elder is looking Taehyung sees Namjoon, out of earshot but unharmed.They try to clear a way towards Seokjin’s alpha but it is futile, the number of faerie knights surrounding them tripling as though they were the big prize.But you are! Taehyung’s brain supplies and of course, he’s been so preoccupied with not getting killed that he’d forgotten that the three of them were the biggest targets on this field of dead bodies.A shiver runs down his spine as he thinks about what he’ll have to ultimately do – fight the Fey King by himself in single combat because that is how the Fey law works. One cannot displace the current king without a challenge and the Fey army will not stop unless the King is dead.There were two rules for a challenge to be issued against the Fey king. One was having knowledge of the King’s name, which they now thankfully know due to Sylvie, Taehyung’s adoptive fae mother who Yoongi had found locked up in one of the prisons, recognizing her as the woman he and Hoseok had seen a long time ago, the one who’d given them their first glimpse at the prophecy of the King, the Seer and the Warrior.The other was having control over equal or greater number of elements as the current king – which Taehyung obviously had no problem with.The one thing Taehyung didn’t have was experience. The Fey King had lived for hundreds of years, had killed shifters and his own people alike. He was ruthless and mercy-less whereas Tae was afraid of giving in to his fae side, of letting the fae blood take over so he too can kill without batting an eye at the loss of life.The battle halts as dirt and soil erupt in the middle of the field, a large cocoon of vines rising up from the ground and then withdrawing to reveal a tall black throne of polished obsidian, King Rian looking haughty despite his sickly pallor.Well, at least Taehyung would have the advantage of being in full health, unlike Rian, who has to depend on the blood of his own progeny to survive another day.Rian looks out over the crowd, tired yet sharp eyes scanning the faces. “Bring the omegas of the prophecy and my impudent son to me!” his voce booms, ordering the fey who double their effort as the fighting resumes.“Oh no you don’t!” Seokjin growls as a fae tries to grab Taehyung while he is busy fighting off another. “He’s not your son if you didn’t raise him, you old fool! Do you even know his name? I think not!” Jin taunts Rian, voice loud and jeering and the king’s face turns blotchy with anger.“How dare you address me as such! Insolence!” Rian warns, his eyes finally landing on Taehyung’s elven ears and smirk growing as he realizes that the trio of omegas huddled together must be the omegas of the prophecy. “Bring the filthy hybrid boy to me. He is an abomination! Hybrids must not exist.” He points towards Taehyung and the hybrid gulps, feeling the eyes of every fae on the battlefield trained on him.Seokjin is not having any of it, however. The faeries would readily kill them at a moment’s distraction so the Kim Prince too doesn’t hesitate in the least, driving his sword in and slashing at fey knights who were too focused on Taehyung and their king’s orders. “An abomination? Then what are you? Feeding on your own children because you are too consumed with greed for power and can’t give it up! We know all your secrets, Rian.” Jin spits out and obviously they don’t  know all of the Fey King’s secrets but Seokjin daring to use the King’s name so blatantly makes the field erupt in noises of surprise and astonishment as the fey-folk gasp.“You will pay with your life for running your mouth, omega. Kill him, capture the other two alive!” Rian’s voice sweeps over the field.The battle had been going rather well, with their side sustaining few casualties despite the enormous difference in numbers. But with Rian’s orders, it turns into a fight of four against an army.Seokjin, Yoongi, Taehyung and Jimin are surrounded by faeries on all sides, only a few straggling shifters here and there. The fey form concentric circles around the four, closing in and preventing any of the others from coming to help.“Hold on, Yoongi. We’ll be right!” Taehyung finally sees Hoseok, fighting side by side with Namjoon, Yeonjun and Lady Jiwon, hacking at the crowd of fey to get to them.Jimin’s scent reeks of rage and rot, the blonde wolf growls terrifyingly, daring the fey to pass him. But it’s tough to deal with a whole army.Yoongi and Seokjin defend them valiantly, not faltering even in such an adverse situation. It makes Taehyung’s chest swell with pride – having friends and family who are so good and strong.Taehyung himself tries to burn and strangle as many of the fey knights as he can, even making the earth under their feet cave in, faeries falling into pits only to be held down by vines and drowned when Taehyung wills the pits to fill with water.But he is so tired. His response becomes slower, movements lethargic. Using so much magic at once is incredibly draining. It leaves him lightheaded, making him sway on his feet.He thinks he should let up for a while and shift into wolf form but he’s not really sure if he could even finish the shift in his present state.Taehyung registers only the screeching screams of his friends and a loud growl as he stumbles, falling to his knees, palms barely holding him up from collapsing onto the ground. A shadow looms above him and then Seokjin is there, fending off the fey until he cries out, blood streaming in rivulets from a deep wound in his shoulder. But even then, injured and in pain, all Seokjin does is angle his body in such a way that he’s protecting Taehyung instead of himself.“J-Jin…don’t.” Taehyung gasps against Seokjin’s back, eyes going wide as he lifts his head and sees the spear descend on them, aiming for Seokjin’s heart.But then a blob of blonde topples them over, covering both Seokjin and Taehyung, a howl ripping out of the wolf as the spear lodges itself within its body.Taehyung blinks and stares into the wolf’s eyes, filled with pain and a profound sadness. Above him, Seokjin gapes, breath hitching. “Oh Luna! Jimin!”Taehyung feels numb.Somehow he’s aware that Yoongi is still fighting, defending the vulnerable trio. Hoseok, Namjoon and Yeonjun get there too, but a bit too late.Seokjin manages to slip from under the heavy, motionless wolf and helps Taehyung. The only indication that the blonde wolf was still alive is the rapid rise and fall of the beast’s chest.Taehyung crawls towards the wolf’s head, cradling it in his arms. “Jimin, J-Jiminie…” he sobs into the fur, fingers smoothing down the soft coat. “Stay with me, love. We will get you to the healers.” He says, tears starting to stream down his cheeks. There’s a jumble of incomprehensible jargon in his head and a moment later he cries out in alarm as Jimin shifts into his human form, more blood pooling around the spear in his chest. “No, don’t!”“Mind-link…t-too we-weak.” Jimin manages, blood starting to bubble in his mouth.“No, shift back, please. You will heal quicker in wolf form.” Taehyung begs. “We can talk later.” He pleads, not wanting this to be their last conversation. Jimin shakes his head weakly.“It’s okay, Tae-taehyungie.” The alpha says, slowly moving his hand to hold Taehyung’s. “I’m s-sorry for not being able to mate you as p-promised.”Taehyung shakes his head rapidly, locks of wildly curling blue hair fling into his eyes. “No! You didn’t break your promise. You will mate me, Jiminie. You will get better and you will mate me and we can adopt one or two of the orphan pups like we’ve always wanted.”Jimin closes his eyes, a faint smile on his lips as he recalls their shared conversations of a perfect future as they cuddled in bed, cozy and warm.“Jimin? Jiminie?” the alpha’s eyes stay closed, chest rising slower with each stuttering breath.Taehyung doesn’t remember what he does next, only hears a terrible ringing in his ears as his vision tints green.Below their feet the ground quakes as Seokjin watches on in fear as the sweet boy with the boxy smiles has nothing but rage in his glowing green eyes.   ***       
  
    Chapter Text
    As the enemy surrounds them, blocking any and all paths of escape, Seokjin thinks that maybe it was after all a bad idea to taunt the Fey King - even if done in a moment of anger.The fey knights close in on them in a circular formation. So many of them advance and it doesn’t seem to matter how many they cut down.He hears Hoseok call out to Yoongi and follows his best friend’s voice. Namjoon is with him and it makes a tiny bit of Seokjin’s fear ebb – but only momentarily.Yoongi swears on his other side and he turns back just in time to see Taehyung collapse onto his knees, the blue-haired boy’s nails digging into the dirt underneath them. Tae looks pale. So weak and drained, exhausted from over-using so much magic.The pits Taehyung had made buy them some time, hampering the knights’ movements. But still, it’s not enough.And then it happens.One moment he and Yoongi were doing okay with keeping the fey from getting too close to Taehyung but Seokjin blinks and in that single, brief moment a grey-skinned fey manages to teleport himself to right in front of the hybrid.“Tae, look out!” Yoongi screams, voice shrill, eyes wide as he tries to push back against the fey he was preoccupied with.“Taehyung!” Seokjin calls, praying that the youngest is aware enough to at least hear him and get out of the way. But the hybrid remains unresponsive, head lowered and breathing heavy.Seokjin’s instincts kick in. Just as it had been that morning in the cave when he had the vision about the dungeons, he doesn’t remember moving his feet. One second he is beside Yoongi, yelling Taehyung’s name. And in the next instant he is somehow in front of the slumped hybrid, sword at the ready.He tries to push back, to keep the knights away, to kill as many as possible.His efforts are hampered when one of the faerie warriors drives their sword deep into Seokjin’s shoulder, making him cry out as pain shoots down every nerve of his body, the sword in his hand faltering, it’s weight too heavy now due to blood loss from the gaping wound in his shoulder. He clenches his teeth, willing his mind to numb the searing sensations and then he lifts his head in time to see another fae coming at him with a metal spear swinging in an arch, aiming at his chest. Seokjin makes a split second decision and takes a step back, turning slightly sideways and wrapping his arms around Taehyung, angling his own body in such a way that makes the hybrid less vulnerable to any attacks, Seokjin’s torso acting as a protective blanket of sorts.Time seems to slow down as he trains his eyes on the sharp tip of the spear and then he can’t see.Or rather, his sight tints blue, the wolf fighting to be on the surface as another vision makes itself known.It’s blurry and fragmented, the most confusing one he’s had yet. He just sees, not being able to make neither head nor tail of what is actually happening in his premonition.He sees the throne hall back home, Mircea castle sparkling clean and refurbished, not one thing out of place that might point to the fact that the fey had attacked it not long ago, causing a massacre, making unsuspecting shifters bleed out onto the cold tiles.It shifts and he sees himself walking down one of the castle’s corridors, heavy royal robes sweeping behind him, a genuine and relaxed smile on his face. A hint of a mating mark peeps out from the embroidered and sequined collar of his robes.The vision changes again and this time it’s Namjoon, dimples showing as he gazes warmly at two small pups, a girl and a boy, running around the garden.Seokjin feels happiness fill his chest at this but it doesn’t last long.There are screams again now, the sound much too familiar by now than he might’ve preferred. He hears a loud booming noise and then sees himself again, skin startlingly pale in contrast to the dark blood that has splashed all over – staining his clothes, marring his face, streaming down his cheeks along with unmistakable tears as his lips tremble.In the next fragment Seokjin is running through the forest, trees flitting by. There is a sort of heaviness to his body that he can’t make sense of right now. The last thing he sees before the vision ends is Taehyung kneeling before him on the ground, pulling him into a hug.When the blue fades from his eyes it is replaced by something that he realizes is fur. He flails and stumbles, falling backwards and almost crushing Taehyung under him as he slowly comes to his senses.And then he feels the same sensation of warm liquid staining his skin, seeping into his clothes as he tries to shift his weight and slowly comprehends that something or someone – has landed atop him.That someone being Jimin.“Oh Luna! Jimin!”Seokjin’s heart races as panic blooms in his chest. Jimin’s blonde wolf is heavy on top of him.“No, no no – no.” he whispers to himself urgently as he strains his neck and spots the spear that had been aimed at him just moments prior now embedded in Jimin’s torso, blood seeping out from the wound, further tainting the already dirt-and-fey-blood stained fur. Jimin’s chest rises and falls in rapid stutters, whimpers of pain pulling at Seokjin’s thumping heart, squeezed tight with worry.Somehow, he manages to slide out from underneath the injured wolf and then helps Taehyung too. The boy’s face grows even paler - if that is even possible. Taehyung scrambles forward on his knees, the cloth of his pants tearing from the coarse grains of dirt and debris and cutting tiny lines against smooth skin.Out of the corner of his eye, Seokjin notices when Namjoon and Hoseok finally reach their small group, helping Yoongi to keep the faeries at bay. Distantly, Seokjin thinks he should be fighting too. But at this moment his complete focus is on Taehyung and Jimin, the wolf’s head protectively cradled in the hybrids lap while the blue-haired boy runs frantic but careful hands over the fur.“Stay with me, love.” Taehyung whispers, eyes flitting all over the wolf’s body in a frenzy. “We will get you to the healers…No, don’t!”The wolf shrinks, fur replaced by bloodied skin as Jimin transforms into his human form, gurgling out broken words that Seokjin isn’t close enough to make out properly but he thinks he hears Jimin say something about the mind-link.Taehyung pleads him to shift back but Jimin shakes his head weakly. When Jimin starts to half-deliriously mumble about not keeping promises and Taehyung shushes him, rambling on about getting better and kids and whatnot Seokjin’s mind briefly flashes back to the pups in his vision.Seokjin watches Taehyung rock Jimin’s body lightly, mumbling soothing words. He watches as Jimin slowly closes his eyes and smiles softly, blood at the corners of his lips that are curled upwards just barely.“Jimin? Jiminie?” Taehyung calls out, hand on Jimin’s cheek.The alpha’s eyes stay closed, breathing becoming slower and slower with each passing second.   ***   Seokjin jumps and stumbles into Namjoon’s chest when the ground starts to shake, tremors spreading out from the place where they stand and out across the rest of the battlefield.Namjoon’s arms come around him, fingers digging into the material of Seokjin’s robe sleeves to ground him as the dark-haired omega starts trembling at the sight of Taehyung’s eyes slowly loosing focus and changing from blue to that eerie green he fears. The green he prayed he would never have to witness again.The ground cracks, thick roots winding and spasming onto the surface, striking down everything and everyone they come in contact with pure force alone. They are mindless, controlled only by the unconscious will of Taehyung’s growing rage.“Tae...?” he calls quietly when the hybrid slowly lays Jimin down on the ground and stands. Tears tinged with blood and dirt stream down the boy’s cheeks, his eyes remain green and unseeing – or maybe he is only seeing what he wants to see.The enemy.The enemy who had hurt his love, who let Jimin’s breathing slow to an ominous stutter.The gnarled tree roots catch fire, sparks flying every which way as Taehyung starts mindlessly walking. However, a single green sprout digs its way out of the dirt by Jimin’s side, growing and growing. Getting taller, trunk thicker.Seokjin gasps, struggling to break Namjoon’s hold on him when the sapling – now a still growing tree – gets too close to Jimin. Namjoon pulls him back, using all of his strength to keep Seokjin from breaking free.But soon the Kim Clan’s prince stops struggling and gapes wide-eyed as the trunk of the tree turns hollow, engulfing Jimin’s body within it and safeguarding the blonde alpha from the chaos all around, trunk and roots twisting and swirling to form weird patterns and waves.Their small group has no choice but to move back when the roots start growing upwards at an angle, in a circle around the tree and pointing outward, razor sharp like stalactites. It’s like they are warding off anyone who dares to come closer.“Shouldn’t we stop him!?” Yoongi whisper-shouts to their group. The first of them to be able to form coherent words.Hoseok takes one look at Taehyung and shakes his head. “He is not himself now. If we go near there’s no telling what might happen.” Yoongi’s jaw clenches.“He’s going to kill Rian.” Seokjin announces, watching as the hybrid slowly makes his way to the obsidian throne, the Fey King now on his feet, unstable and a group of elite fey knights stationed around him, eyes and weapons trained on the approaching figure.“Holy Luna…” Jiwon gasps, fingers white around the hilt of her sword.They don’t have to fight anymore. The fey are more interested in stopping Taehyung and avoiding the blazing tendrils and roots still swaying and swishing through the air.They pose no threat to the hybrid whatsoever.Taehyung doesn’t even bat an eye, his subconsciousness ruling over his powers – burning, drowning, strangling, burying the fey alive beneath the dirt, the air itself cutting into flesh like sharpened knives.When Seokjin imagined the Fey King’s death it had always been dramatic. A duel following the laws of the fey or just Seokjin and his friends cornering Rian and subjugating him until he would surrender – and then one of them would run a sword through his heart or cut his head off. Then they would rejoice and celebrate to their hearts’ content before returning home to start their lives anew.Rian’s death doesn’t happen like that.It is swift – the death. Anticlimactic even, for all their struggles and arduous journeys and suffering and loss.Taehyung is half way towards the throne, then he is engulfed in a whirlpool of a shimmering portal. The next instant he is standing in front of Rian, past the fey guards.Seokjin doesn’t know where he got it from but Tae holds a spear in one of his hands. Rian has time to only blink once before the spear lodges into his torso, mimicking the way it had stuck out of Jimin’s chest.Rian coughs up blood, falling to his knees as he clutches at the place where the spear enters his body. He was already too weak, too much time since his last feeding on hybrid blood. It takes mere minutes for the life to fade from Rian’s eyes and his limp body falls forward with a thump. Taehyung doesn’t stop and proceeds to burn it in a blazing bonfire.Namjoon’s grip on him loosens just a fraction and Seokjin breaks free, sprinting across the field, jumping and ducking to avoid the burning tendrils. Miraculously though, they seem to have a mind of their own, steering free of any shifters including the prince.When he reaches Taehyung, Seokjin gasps in shock. He grips one of the hybrid’s shoulders and turns Taehyung to face him, startling at the other omega’s eyes – now one blue and one green.“Tae…?”The blue-haired boy’s jaw is clenched tight, gaze hard and furious. Thankfully, it doesn’t seem to be directed at the prince.“Leave, Seokjin.” He says harshly, “Take the others and leave here. The fey lands are no home for good people. There are only monsters here.”“We will leave only if you come with us!” Yoongi exclaims, panting and out of breath as he skids to a stop just behind Seokjin.Taehyung shakes his hand, eyes boring into every fey knight around them – some still trying to kill the shifters, some running for their lives to escape Taehyung’s destructive magic which seeks vengeance, others just looking confused with no leader or king to take orders from.“I’m staying. I am a monster too.” He says self-depreciatively. “I killed all these fey knights.”A stray fey warrior runs towards them, sword drawn and screaming. Taehyung raises his hand palm up and makes a gesture and Seokjin watches as every faerie on the battlefield gets imprisoned in a cage of thorny vines, sharp points digging into their flesh and making them cry out.“Taehyung, what- stop that!” Seokjin pleads, pulling at the boy’s sleeves. “Let us go, please. Rian is dead. We have no more quarrels with the fey folk.”“Oh but I do!” Taehyung screams into his face, breathing heavy, his left blue eye misty with tears, the green one burning with fury. “Jimin is just barely alive!. They killed our people just because of a single command from a whimsical ruler who didn’t even follow their own laws. The fey might feel that they are superior because of their immortality and powers but now they are going to pay – they will stay this way for the rest of their years and repent, experiencing this pain each and every day.”“Tae, this isn’t you!” Yoongi tries. Seokjin notices that he is crying. The prince recalls that, despite not meeting each other in person until a few weeks ago, Yoongi has known Taehyung for a long time, almost as long as he’s known Jimin and Hoseok. Seokjin himself already feels incredibly close to the blue-haired omega, Taehyung having burrowed into a soft spot in the prince’s heart. “You know Jimin the best, Tae. Would he want you to do this? No. He would want you to be happy, to make a good life for your-”“Yoongi! Don’t bother.” Taehyung says sharply, cutting Yoongi off. “I have decided already. Now leave!” his voice resounds through the battlefield, everyone’s ears ringing.The blue-haired omega turns away from them, walking towards the obsidian throne of the fallen fey king, he turns in front of the throne, eyes finding the tree inside which Jimin lies, chest heavy with the effort to remain breathing.The tears don’t stop and sadness seems to seep through the boy’s pores. The ground starts shaking more and more violently by the second until Hoseok and Namjoon are there, frantically trying to pull the omegas away, towards the river.“Everyone - to the other side!” Hoseok shouts in a commanding tone, infusing his voice with just a bit of alpha.The straggling shifters who had been stuck in place with the shock of things finally rouse into motion on hearing the General’s voice. Namjoon pulls the prince into his chest as people and wolves run past them, stumbling and falling and pushing to get to the other side. The bridge Taehyung had built across the river gets so over-crowded that those in wolf form dive into the river and swim their way through the waters.Seokjin and Namjoon are the last to get across, just a few steps behind Yoongi and Hoseok, and then the bridge cracks in half.However, it’s not only the bridge that breaks – the land itself seems to splinter apart. The crack starts somewhere far away and runs down the centre of the river, the whole chunk of land that lies on the other side of the river rises, half of the river water flowing horizontally along the boundary and the other half flows down over the raised cliff like a waterfall.“I am your King! Now kneel before me – or die!” Taehyung’s words echo and the blue-haired boy seats himself on the black throne, claiming his rightful place as the next Fey King.The Fey Lands rise up so high above the normal ground level that it’s not even possible to climb and Seokjin clutches at Namjoon’s hand, tears flowing freely.Those are the last words he ever hears from Taehyung.The memory of the blue-haired boy with a silly boxy smile stays buried deep in Seokjin’s mind, stored away in the farthest crevices of his aching heart.   ***   1 Year Later  “Have some of this too, Your Majesty.” Byul, one of the kitchen staffs says. She brings over another plate of freshly made cakes and places it on the table in front of him.Seokjin smiles. The cakes look pretty. He picks one up and before taking a bite says, “You should know I’m not the King, Byul. At least not yet. Not until the coronation tomorrow morning.”Byul rolls her eyes. All the kitchen staff and cooks are too used to Seokjin’s presence there to observe formalities, despite remaining respectable, and honestly Seokjin doesn’t mind one bit. On the contrary, he is rather happy that the people who work at the castle are comfortable enough around him to be able to share their worries and happiness with him, to be themselves. “In the peoples’ hearts, you’ve been our King since the moment of your father’s passing, Your Majesty.”It feels good to be trusted by his people.It’s been a whole year since that day. The day when they had to leave with none of them being able to bid either him or Jimin a final goodbye, the day when Kim Taehyung, the hybrid with two-colored eyes ascended the throne and alienated the Fey from the entirety of the Ancestral Lands. The cliffs are so high, the Fey Lands seemingly almost floating in the air, that no one even knows what has happened there in the past year.Seokjin misses them. So much.Taking back the kingdom of the Kim Clan had been a bit strenuous. First, they had the problem of subjugating the rogues and freeing the slaves that had been sold off. Then, there had been a bit of a skirmish with the Yellow Kingdom who saw the absence of a king as a weakness and tried to attack. Luckily, they had still been on guard and Hoseok’s troops managed to drive them back. Honestly though, Seokjin still doesn’t understand how senseless the King of the Yellow Kingdom must be – to attack their own kind only weeks after the battle at the Fey Lands, only weeks after suffering such tremendous losses, so many shifters dead.The castle’s reconstruction came next. This period was even more difficult because Yoongi had to leave for Yule, to his own kingdom and people, and unsurprisingly Hoseok had left with his intended, taking Yeonjun and the other boys with them.Yoongi leaving, however, meant that Jungkook and Jiwoo were finally able to return home from Yule. Lady Jiwon and her people had stayed by Seokjin’s side as promised too, helping him along the way.It was a lot easier after the Mircea castle was back in full glory again.Seokjin is too focused on sampling the little cakes so he startles a little when a familiar voice reaches his ears. “Ah! I knew you would be here!” the alpha announces appearing in the doorway. “Jiwoo has been searching for you all over the castle, Your Highness. She wants to do a final rundown for tomorrows coronation procession.”The kitchen maids and errand boys giggle behind their hands as the head cook ushers them out the other door. Though Seokjin had still remained as an unmated omega, much to the displeasure of some of the Lords in the kingdom, everyone in the castle, however, were aware of the special relationship Seokjin had with Kim Namjoon.“Ugh…I better go hide then.” Seokjin replies cheekily, licking cake crumbs off his fingertips, a small smirk forming when he sees Namjoon’s eyes follow the movement. “She made me do it like twelve times already!”Namjoon moves closer and leans his hip against the dark oak table Seokjin’s sitting at. “Well, it’s your big day tomorrow.” The alpha says proudly.And it is. They’ve been planning the coronation for a whole year but Seokjin wanted to wait until everything was settled, until the repairs at the castle were done with. Then there was also the matter of setting a date that didn’t conflict with the Pale King’s schedule so Yoongi could come down to Mircea for the coronation, along with Seokjin’s best friend, of course. They are here now, in another wing of the castle where the guest rooms were.Yoongi and Hoseok had mated last year, almost immediately after returning to Yule. Neither of them wanted to experience the heartbreak of losing the other, like Taehyung had almost lost Jimin, so although Namjoon and Seokjin didn’t mate due to the then still fresh nature of their courting, Yoongi and Hoseok had wasted no time in marking each as mates.And speaking of Jimin, none of them even knew if he’d made it, if he was still alive.Despite everything all of them had gone through, Yoongi and Hoseok had managed to find happiness in each other and their people. So Seokjin too had dared to hope for such contentment.“You won’t change your mind then?” Seokjin asks the alpha after a few moments. Namjoon shakes his head, he knows what Jin is talking about.Throughout the centuries, all the rulers in the Lands of the Lupus had been alphas – sans the Pale King, of course. And when it came down to choose the next king of the Kim Clan, Seokjin had asked if Namjoon, as his future mate – there was no doubt of it at this point - was willing to take on that role. The alpha had refused adamantly. They are your people, Seokjin. They want you as their king. Your father wanted to pass down his crown to you despite you being an omega. He knew you would do well. And I…I am your person too, Your Majesty, and I think you would make an exceptional King.Namjoon closes the space between them, cupping Seokjin’s cheeks, thumbs smoothing down his cheekbones as he bends at the waist to be on the same level as the seated omega. “It does not matter how many times you might pose this question – my answer is always going to be the same. Omega Kim Seokjin of the Kim Clan will make the best king the Ancestral lands would ever have.”Seokjin snorts. “Aren’t you being incredibly biased, Joonie?”Namjoon leans in closer, breath fanning against Seokjin’s face. “Of course not – just stating the purest of all truths.” The alpha grins against Seokjin’s lips, pressing a soft kiss and then another, and another.“Mhmm~” Seokjin wraps his arms around Namjoon’s neck, fingers tangling in the alpha’s soft locks, the brown of it even lighter now than it used to be due to spending so much time outdoors, under the scorching hot sun.Seokjin is almost used to it now, but the sensations flowing in through the bond between them always make him dizzy, especially in moments like these, when they are so close to each other, touching each other.He can hear Namjoon’s heartbeat, given their close proximity, but through the bond he can also feel it, the beats pounding through his nerves, mixing with the ones of his own heart.He can feel how deeply the alpha loves him, how much he cherishes the omega, how much he wants him.He can’t stop the small breathless gasps that fall from his lips as Namjoon kisses him, slow loving kisses eventually giving way to ones that speak of lust and hunger.Seokjin moans embarrassingly loud when Namjoon’s tongue finally slips into his mouth, tasting him, the wet pink muscle exploring the space that the alpha already knows like the back of his own hands.“The cakes taste good. Strawberry, right?” Namjoon mumbles into the kiss, tongue flicking to taste the omega’s lips that are stained with the jam of the cake filling, making Seokjin chuckle lightly, gasping when Namjoon deepens the kiss.The alpha’s warm hands leave his face. Seokjin lets out a little squeak when Namjoon picks him up by the waist and seats him atop the dark oak, mouth once again finding Seokjin’s without missing a beat.The alpha is leaning over him, one knee on top of the table, between Seokjin’s slightly spread legs. His robes have slid down from his shoulders and Namjoon’s hands smooth upwards against the soft material of the prince’s silky shirt. They are in the kitchen, both the front and back doors open and anyone passing by would have a clear view of the gasping prince spread over the table, the alpha hovering over him. It should make him anxious, knowing that if any of the Lords who are against an omega being king see him right now they would once again start undermining him, undermining his abilities to rule – just for being an omega. But somehow, he feels his body heat up even more, moaning low into Namjoon’s mouth as a little bit of slick gushes from his opening down below.Namjoon smells it immediately, of course; the sweet and sour scent of roses and citrus thick in the air. The alpha growls, eyes dark as one of his hands moves lower, siding over the prince’s shirt-covered stomach, down his navel and to his crotch. When Namjoon grips his cock lightly, Seokjin realizes he is half-hard already and that the slick must have started to seep through the cloth of his trousers.“W-we should go.” Seokjin stutters as the alpha continues to languidly stroke him over his trousers. “Our chambers~”“Mhm.” Namjoon finally lets up and scrambles off of the prince, pulling the omega up and onto his feet. He adjusts Seokjin’s robes, making him look as proper as possible with how flushed Jin currently is. “Lets go, then.” The alpha smirks, eyeing the blushing omega.They are out of the kitchen within a minute and heading down the corridor leading in the direction of Seokjin’s chambers.Namjoon keeps him close, arm wound tight around the prince’s slim waist, the slight pressure of the pads of Namjoon’s fingers sending tiny, delicious pinpricks of heat across his skin. As they make their way towards their destination, Seokjin prays that no slick ends up dripping onto the floor. They run into a couple of guards and maids on the way and Seokjin flushes even harder because all of them can surely tell from his state alone what it is that is going to happen behind closed doors of their future king’s bedchambers.Namjoon doesn’t waste any time, pushing him onto the bed the moment the door swings shut behind them. He climbs over the omega, mouth finding Seokjin’s smooth neck, littered with a few already fading bite marks from that morning.The prince squirms as more slick leaks out, his hands travel along the alpha’s hard, lean torso and he tugs at the ties of Namjoon’s robes, feeling the alpha’s arousal as the hard shaft presses against Jin’s thigh.“Joonie~” he whines, heat building rapidly in his gut.The alpha kisses him hard before sitting back to discard his robes and shirt before helping the prince get rid of his own clothes too, placing soft kisses on every bit of exposed skin.Their scents mix together dizzyingly, the salty tang of the sea on the tip of Seokjin’s tongue, Namjoon’s scent more musky than fresh, dripping with the alpha’s arousal.Wanting to let lose the knot in his gut, Seokjin clutches at Namjoon’s hand, guiding it to his ass.Namjoon chuckles against his skin, complying with the prince’s desires as two of the alpha’s long fingers circle his hole and plunge in, wrenching a groan out of the omega. “So needy. So eager.” Namjoon teases.The alpha pleasures him unhurriedly, fingers familiar with each and every sensitive spot inside Seokjin’s warm heat.They don’t do this often – have sex outside their cycles, he means. Seokjin’s heat comes every month and Namjoon’s rut every three – all the action they get during their respective cycles is more than enough to satisfy their cravings for each other’s bodies, tiring them out by the end. And besides, with looking over the various affairs of the kingdom it’s not like they have a lot of free time to indulge in such intimacies, collapsing onto the bed and falling asleep in each other’s embrace at night, a few heated kisses and touches at most.But sometimes, Seokjin just wishes he had enough time to spend with Namjoon, without any of their primal omega and alpha instincts getting in the way. Seokjin’s omega had mostly calmed down and receded ever since the first time Namjoon had helped him with his heat but the need to get fucked senseless and bred was still mostly there during heats where as all Seokjin wanted was to have slow, intimate sex with the alpha. It didn’t help that Namjoon’s ruts were terribly hard on the alpha, leaving no room for sweet love making.All these things combined are the reason why Seokjin loves rare days like this when he knows they have all the time they need and no one would come to disturb them until the next morning.“Oh fuck.” Seokjin groans, not out of pleasure but disappointment. “The coronation ceremony.”Namjoon chuckles. “You should’ve worried about that before tempting me to bring you here.”Seokjin snorts, then gasps as the alpha’s fingers find a particularly sensitive spot inside him. “J-just-ah! Just don’t go too hard. I have a lot of sitting down to do tomorrow and I don’t think the council will take kindly to me using your lap as a pillow because I’m sore.”Namjoon bites him in reply, light teeth indents appearing on Seokjin’s broad shoulders. Another kind of want surges within him. “Joon?”“Mhm?”“Namjoonie…”The alpha leans back, forearms supporting his sculpted body over the omega’s. His fingers still inside Seokjin too, as the alpha searches the prince’s face for any sign of discomfort.“What is it, love?” he asks worriedly, “Do you want to stop here after all? You know we can do that right - stop here and just cuddle?”Seokjin heart goes soft for the alpha. If Namjoon were any more perfect than he already is then Seokjin’s heart would surely turn into some sort of gooey, sugary syrup from how often it melts upon witnessing all the alpha’s concerns, loving gestures, soothing words and praises.“W-will…will you mate me, Joonie?” he asks tentatively, biting his lip.Above him the alpha blinks.Namjoon lifts himself up to sit back on his haunches, settling between Seokjin’s legs. He stares at the already ravaged and incredibly aroused mess of a prince spread out on the mattress before him.The alpha’s scent changes minutely, a bit of anxiousness bleeding in. “Of course I will! We’ve been courting for a year, did…did I perhaps do something that made you think I changed my mind?”Seokjin’s eyes go wide and he sits up, hands finding purchase on the alpha’s shoulders. “What? Joonie, no!” He exclaims. Somewhere deep in Namjoon’s heart a small fear still existed and Seokjin knew it – the alpha had always been a little afraid of meeting someone like Namjoon’s mother, or worse, turning out to be like his mother. “You are the perfect alpha, Namjoon – my alpha. I…what I was trying to ask was…if you would mate me today, now.”“Oh…”“Yeah…” Seokjin pulls him in for a hug, a relieved breath whooshing past his parted lips when he sniffs the air subtly and finds that Namjoon’s scent had gone back to normal. The prince gasps then, as a burst of something warm surges through their bond – Namjoon is happy, he realizes, elated.“I would.” Namjoon says, and the alpha’s joy is evident in his tone. “I’m ready whenever you are, love.”Seokjin smiles and leans forward to capture the alpha’s lips in a searing kiss.Namjoon pushes him back onto the soft silken sheets and their hands and mouths start to wander again, gasps and moans and low growls filling the room. It’s still languid and unhurried but Namjoon’s whole body seems to be bristling with a newfound energy, a new goal in mind.“My gorgeous omega…”Namjoon growls, voice deep and husky. It makes the prince’s toes curl. “Beautiful and intelligent. So good in looking after your people. So good for your alpha.”  He says the last part using his Alpha Voice and though it’s not any kind of command but the tone is the last straw. Seokjin needs him, needs him inside, now. It doesn’t help that he is incredibly weak to the alpha’s compliments, more slick gushing out, soaking the sheets underneath.He slips his hand into Namjoon’s trousers, fingers finding the alpha’s erect cock which is wet and dripping pre-cum, the beginnings of a knot already swelling at the base of the hard length. The alpha’s hips buck into the pressure as Seokjin grips the length and gives it a few lazy pumps. “Joonie, please~”The only times Namjoon has been faster than that particular moment were the times he was trying to save Seokjin’s life.And just as the head of the alpha’s cock brushes against Seokjin’s wet hole the alpha stops and cups his cheeks, pressing a sweet kiss to his forehead. “I love you, Kim Seokjin, so so much. Will you give me the honour of being your mate?”Seokjin grins, his eyes crinkling in happiness. “Cheesy and old fashioned as always, hm? I love you too, Joonie and yes, you can have the honor of being my mate.” The prince laughs lightly. “My perfect alpha- Ah, ah!” He kisses the corner of Namjoon’s mouth, moaning as Namjoon finally pushes in, slowly, until all of him is sheathed by Seokjin’s wet heat.The alpha showers his face with loving kisses as Namjoon builds a perfect rhythm, thrusts languid but deep, reaching all the right places inside him. He also seems to keep in mind Seokjin’s earlier remark regarding the ceremony tomorrow, careful of not being too rough. He rains down compliments on him, commending him even on the most random things like looking cute when he’s too engrossed in eating his favorite foods and every little bit of praise arouses Seokjin to the point where he feels like bursting, his own cock leaking all over his stomach, the muscles of his hole pulsating around the alpha’s length as copious amounts of slick drip onto the sheets, squelching wet noises echoing in the chambers.He wraps his legs and arms around the alpha when he feels the other’s thrusts pick up in speed, nose tucked into the crook of the alpha’s shoulder as Namjoon bites and laps his tongue over his scent gland, making his senses go haywire.Seokjin comes with Namjoon’s name on his lips, the muscles of his legs spasming, breath hitching, the alpha slows his thrusts for a bit, kissing him through his orgasm, hands comfortingly smoothing down the prince’s sides before he picks up the pace again, chasing his own release.“Ah~fuck! Alpha…” Seokjin clutches at the sheets, hole sensitive as Namjoon’s knot pushes past the outer muscles of the opening, locking them together as sticky cum spurts inside the omega after only a couple more hard thrusts.And as Namjoon continues to come inside him, the alpha nips at his scent gland, asking for permission. “Ready?”Seokjin nods wildly, moaning at the feeling of Namjoon filling him up, at the alpha’s pleasure that comes through the bond.  “Yes, yes I am.”He noses at Namjoon’s neck, seeking his scent gland, the spray of seawater and salt assaulting his senses. With a final acknowledging hum they bite down into each other’s scent glands at the same time, the mix of pain from the bite and the pleasure that comes with a mating mark almost too much when combined with their already existing bond.Namjoon pants above him, arms straining a bit form how spent the alpha is and from all the new sensations that come with mating. The alpha’s tongue flicks over the new bite, licking up the tiny rivulets of blood, soothing the wound. “I love you.” He whispers into the new mark in the crook of Seokjin’s shoulder.“Mm…l-love you, Joonie.” Jin mumbles, eyelids fluttering, threatening to close, small gasps unconsciously escaping his lips each time Namjoon’s knot empties a new spurt of cum inside him.The alpha shifts them onto their side, rubbing circles into the small of Seokjin’s back, pressing kisses to his face.“Go to sleep, my gorgeous mate.” The alpha whispers, the two of them still locked together for the next several minutes.Seokjin presses his nose into the alpha’s neck, relishing in their scents, now mixed together perfectly, forever.He falls asleep to Namjoon’s soothing touches and the alpha’s steady heartbeat.   ***    “Being king suits you, brother.” Jungkook congratulates him, wrapping his strong arms around Seokjin – now officially King of the Kim Clan. “The crown looks right at home on your head. Gods I hated it when you used to avoid coming anywhere near the throne room or the council room. More than half the things I know, I learned from you. The old advisors were fools not to see your potential.”Seokjin bats at his brother’s shoulder, pulling away, slightly embarrassed at the compliments. “I didn’t avoid them, Jungkookie.” He says, “I just found a more creative way to be involved.” The newly crowned king adds, reminiscing of all the times he’d hid in the secret passageway behind the throne to eavesdrop on the meetings.He’d made sure that all the tunnels had remained intact during the castle’s reconstruction.“Congratulations on your ascension, Your Majesty.” Jungkook’s mate hugs him next, smile wide.“It’s still Seokjin to you, though, sister Jiwoo.” He reminds her.“And now she will keep on addressing you as Your Majesty just to annoy you!” Hoseok claps him on his back and sticks his tongue out at his sister. Jiwoo makes a face.“Also, I see you finally decided to mate.” Yoongi points out, Namjoon and Seokjin’s mixing scents giving them away despite their fresh mating marks being hidden away beneath elaborately designed festive clothing.Seokjin smiles sheepishly and Namjoon kisses the top of his head. “Y-yeah, we did.”“I also see that Namjoon refused to be king, as the omega heir’s official mate.” Yoongi adds. “Good for him – would’ve kicked his ass otherwise. I need a fellow omega on the throne, can’t stand handling all these alphas and their raging hormones at the summits - not you, Hobi. I love you.”“I know you do.” Hoseok rolls his eyes as their group burst out in lighthearted laughter.Seokjin looks around the throne room. There are people milling around, talking and laughing and drinking. Tall, elegant chairs are set up in two straight lines facing each other, starting at the bottom of the steps that lead to Seokjin’s throne. Important delegates and generals from the other kingdoms occupy the seats, making small talk.Two chairs just at the start of the left row are empty.They will remain empty forever.“I wish Jimin and Taehyung were here.” Seokjin says softly, only for their group’s ears.Sad smiles paint everyone’s faces.“They are.” Namjoon says, placing a warm palm over Seokjin’s heart. “They are right here.”   ***   5 Years Later The next time Seokjin sees Taehyung is on the day of Moonbyul’s birth – his baby girl, his first pup.Namjoon is ecstatic, dimples never disappearing from his cheeks as he coos at the little pup.  He’d stolen her from Seokjin more than two hours ago.“Guess I’m not his favorite anymore.” Seokjin chuckles. He’s sitting in bed, sheets pooling at his waist, still resting after giving birth to the little charmer.“Someone’s jealous.” Yoongi teases from his place at the foot of the mattress, Yeji – Yoongi and Hoseok’s three year old daughter - crawling on the silk sheets as she curiously watches Namjoon make his tenth round around the room, singing praises for his newborn to all their friends who’d gathered in Seokjin and Namjoon’s room.Yeji is Hoseok and Yoongi’s only child. It was a difficult pregnancy and neither wanted to take risks by trying for another. They could just adopt if they ever wanted more kids, they’d decided.“He’s been fawning over her for two hours!” he exclaims. “Moonie needs to feed and rest too.”Yoongi rolls his eyes at him, picking up a toy that Yeji had dropped to the floor.It might be because of dormant faerie blood but Seokjin suddenly senses a kind of shift in the air, rippling like the surface of a lake. Yoongi is the only one whose attention is on Jin and the red-haired male follows his gaze, gasping when he recognizes the shimmering start of a portal.“Could it be?”“Taehyung?” Seokjin whispers in awe, drawing everyone’s attention. The room falls quiet, only the sound of Yeji’s occasional babbling and Moonbyul’s gurgling reaching their ears as they take in the sight of Kim Taehyung in the flesh, the barest of fond smiles on the hybrid’s lips.It’s been six years since the last time they saw him and Taehyung had grown, matured, had become a terribly handsome man though still retaining some of the softness that all omegas possessed.His cotton-candy blue hair was several shades darker now; his jaw sharp and sculpted, chest and arms thicker, shoulders broader. He’s gotten taller too, probably around Seokjin’s height now. A black wreathed crown with tiny silver blossoms sits atop his head. Seokjin’s eyes flit to Taehyung’s – just as he’d last seen them, one blue and one green.The Fey King stands before them, a dear old friend who’d been torn apart with grief.Seokjin scrambles off the bed, wincing in pain slightly. However, in one swift movement Taehyung is in front of him, pushing him back under the blankets. “Stay,” he instructs, his voice deep and smooth, “I am not going anywhere, Jin.”There’s only a moment of quiet tension before both Yoongi and Seokjin pull Taehyung onto the bed, falling on top of the hybrid and wrapping their arms and legs around the boy – no, not a boy any more. A man. A King.“T-Tae, it’s really you!” Seokjin sobs, blinking the tears away, realizing that Yoongi was also crying with him.Taehyung lets the two omegas do whatever they want, eyes flitting to meet the gazes of all the other occupants of the room: Jiwoo and Jungkook, Lady Ha, Hoseok, Yeonjun, Taehyun, Beomgyu, Huening Kai. He smiles at the two pups too, the only face missing that of Soobin’s who’d stayed behind to watch over Yule.“Yes, it is me.”“I…how?” Yoongi mumbles through sniffles.“I heard the news.” The hybrid replies. “No matter how far apart we may be, you all are still my dear friends - my family. And besides, Jimin would’ve wanted to see the pup. I’m sorry I didn’t visit you and Yeji before, Yoongi.” He apologizes, with the Pale King shaking his head, mumbling you are here now, that’s all that matters, Taehyungie.“Jimin…how-“Taehyung smiles sadly. “He’s alive.” He says and everyone in the room feels relief flood them. Jimin was alive after all. “Though barely. His heart had stopped for a few minutes and it left his body damaged. He’s managed to start talking again and he can move one of his hands but I can’t say if he’ll ever recover completely. He didn’t want any of you to see him that way, I hope you understand.”And though all of them long to see their friend they choose to abide by Jimin’s wishes. He would let them see him when he’s ready.Taehyung stays with them for a day.He tells them how he finally let the imprisoned fey go but with strict instructions to never leave the borders of the Fey Lands. Seokjin cooks for the first time in a long while, a whole feast to mark the happy occasion.Taehyung falls in love with the pups and the two girls take to the hybrid like moths to a flame, even the newborn Moonbyul never crying while in Taehyung’s arms, not even once.They talk about Jimin too, briefly but fondly. And although Taehyung says it’s okay and smiles throughout every mention of Jimin’s name, Seokjin still catches him looking with a longing sadness at the interactions between the various mated couples in the room, longing for the things he might never get to do with Jimin.That night Taehyung leaves the same way he’d come and the Fey Lands stay isolated from the rest of the continent. The next time they see the hybrid king of the fey, alone this time too, is on the day Jaehyun is born – Seokjin and Namjoon’s darling son.Yoongi and Hoseok stay in Yule along with Soobin and the quartet, each of the boys slowly finding their own special person as years pass. Lady Ha marries and mates, retiring to a peaceful county life. Rowon becomes a stunningly handsome and skilled General, taking Hoseok’s place on the council. Junsu and Junhee become part of Seokjin’s elite guard and Jin’s friend Chae, from the Moon village, comes to work at the castle.Moonbyul grows up to be a strong-headed beta and Jaehyun presents as an alpha, eventually falling for Yeji.Chanyeol and his pack wander from place to place, eventually settling down in the Pale King’s Realm.Jungkook and Jiwoo wait several years to have kids – three boys who all present as alphas in the future – and when the pups are old enough to talk and walk properly, the family of five leave Mircea to journey all over the Ancestral Lands. At one point, Jungkook even gets shot in the leg by a gun while trying to defend Namjoon’s hometown from human pirates.And ten years after Jungkook’s youngest is born Taehyung finally lets them see Jimin. The blonde alpha smiles at them warmly from his bed, speaking and holding each of their hands in turn but unable to do anything other than that. But everyone is just happy to see the healer wolf, no matter the physical state the other is in.Every night, Seokjin falls asleep happy and warm in his mate and husband’s arms, cuddled close to Namjoon’s chest, their two children getting up to their own mischief – naively thinking their parents weren’t aware.Seokjin could’ve never imagined a more perfect life than this one.“I love you.” Seokjin would whisper to his mate just as they are on the brink of falling into dreamland.“I love you, Jinnie.” Namjoon always answers him back. 
  --------------------------------------THE END------------------------------------------------
  ***     
  
    Chapter Text
    As the enemy surrounds them, blocking any and all paths of escape, Seokjin thinks that maybe it was after all a bad idea to taunt the Fey King - even if done in a moment of anger.
The fey knights close in on them in a circular formation. So many of them advance and it doesn’t seem to matter how many they cut down.
He hears Hoseok call out to Yoongi and follows his best friend’s voice. Namjoon is with him and it makes a tiny bit of Seokjin’s fear ebb – but only momentarily.
Yoongi swears on his other side and he turns back just in time to see Taehyung collapse onto his knees, the blue-haired boy’s nails digging into the dirt underneath them. Tae looks pale. So weak and drained, exhausted from over-using so much magic.
The pits Taehyung had made buy them some time, hampering the knights’ movements. But still, it’s not enough.
And then it happens.
One moment he and Yoongi were doing okay with keeping the fey from getting too close to Taehyung but Seokjin blinks and in that single, brief moment a grey-skinned fey manages to teleport himself to right in front of the hybrid.
“Tae, look out!” Yoongi screams, voice shrill, eyes wide as he tries to push back against the fey he was preoccupied with.
“Taehyung!” Seokjin calls, praying that the youngest is aware enough to at least hear him and get out of the way. But the hybrid remains unresponsive, head lowered and breathing heavy.
Seokjin’s instincts kick in. Just as it had been that morning in the cave when he had the vision about the dungeons, he doesn’t remember moving his feet. One second he is beside Yoongi, yelling Taehyung’s name. And in the next instant he is somehow in front of the slumped hybrid, sword at the ready.
He tries to push back, to keep the knights away, to kill as many as possible.
His efforts are hampered when one of the faerie warriors drives their sword deep into Seokjin’s shoulder, making him cry out as pain shoots down every nerve of his body, the sword in his hand faltering, it’s weight too heavy now due to blood loss from the gaping wound in his shoulder. He clenches his teeth, willing his mind to numb the searing sensations and then he lifts his head in time to see another fae coming at him with a metal spear swinging in an arch, aiming at his chest. Seokjin makes a split second decision and takes a step back, turning slightly sideways and wrapping his arms around Taehyung, angling his own body in such a way that makes the hybrid less vulnerable to any attacks, Seokjin’s torso acting as a protective blanket of sorts.
Time seems to slow down as he trains his eyes on the sharp tip of the spear and then he can’t see.
Or rather, his sight tints blue, the wolf fighting to be on the surface as another vision makes itself known.
It’s blurry and fragmented, the most confusing one he’s had yet. He just sees, not being able to make neither head nor tail of what is actually happening in his premonition.
He sees the throne hall back home, Mircea castle sparkling clean and refurbished, not one thing out of place that might point to the fact that the fey had attacked it not long ago, causing a massacre, making unsuspecting shifters bleed out onto the cold tiles.
It shifts and he sees himself walking down one of the castle’s corridors, heavy royal robes sweeping behind him, a genuine and relaxed smile on his face. A hint of a mating mark peeps out from the embroidered and sequined collar of his robes.
The vision changes again and this time it’s Namjoon, dimples showing as he gazes warmly at two small pups, a girl and a boy, running around the garden.
Seokjin feels happiness fill his chest at this but it doesn’t last long.
There are screams again now, the sound much too familiar by now than he might’ve preferred. He hears a loud booming noise and then sees himself again, skin startlingly pale in contrast to the dark blood that has splashed all over – staining his clothes, marring his face, streaming down his cheeks along with unmistakable tears as his lips tremble.
In the next fragment Seokjin is running through the forest, trees flitting by. There is a sort of heaviness to his body that he can’t make sense of right now. The last thing he sees before the vision ends is Taehyung kneeling before him on the ground, pulling him into a hug.
When the blue fades from his eyes it is replaced by something that he realizes is fur. He flails and stumbles, falling backwards and almost crushing Taehyung under him as he slowly comes to his senses.
And then he feels the same sensation of warm liquid staining his skin, seeping into his clothes as he tries to shift his weight and slowly comprehends that something or someone – has landed atop him.
That someone being Jimin.
“Oh Luna! Jimin!”
Seokjin’s heart races as panic blooms in his chest. Jimin’s blonde wolf is heavy on top of him.
“No, no no – no.” he whispers to himself urgently as he strains his neck and spots the spear that had been aimed at him just moments prior now embedded in Jimin’s torso, blood seeping out from the wound, further tainting the already dirt-and-fey-blood stained fur. 
Jimin’s chest rises and falls in rapid stutters, whimpers of pain pulling at Seokjin’s thumping heart, squeezed tight with worry.
Somehow, he manages to slide out from underneath the injured wolf and then helps Taehyung too. The boy’s face grows even paler - if that is even possible. Taehyung scrambles forward on his knees, the cloth of his pants tearing from the coarse grains of dirt and debris and cutting tiny lines against smooth skin.
Out of the corner of his eye, Seokjin notices when Namjoon and Hoseok finally reach their small group, helping Yoongi to keep the faeries at bay. Distantly, Seokjin thinks he should be fighting too. But at this moment his complete focus is on Taehyung and Jimin, the wolf’s head protectively cradled in the hybrids lap while the blue-haired boy runs frantic but careful hands over the fur.
“Stay with me, love.” Taehyung whispers, eyes flitting all over the wolf’s body in a frenzy. “We will get you to the healers…No, don’t!”
The wolf shrinks, fur replaced by bloodied skin as Jimin transforms into his human form, gurgling out broken words that Seokjin isn’t close enough to make out properly but he thinks he hears Jimin say something about the mind-link.
Taehyung pleads him to shift back but Jimin shakes his head weakly. When Jimin starts to half-deliriously mumble about not keeping promises and Taehyung shushes him, rambling on about getting better and kids and whatnot Seokjin’s mind briefly flashes back to the pups in his vision.
Seokjin watches Taehyung rock Jimin’s body lightly, mumbling soothing words. He watches as Jimin slowly closes his eyes and smiles softly, blood at the corners of his lips that are curled upwards just barely.
“Jimin? Jiminie?” Taehyung calls out, hand on Jimin’s cheek.
The alpha’s eyes stay closed, breathing becoming slower and slower with each passing second.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
Seokjin jumps and stumbles into Namjoon’s chest when the ground starts to shake, tremors spreading out from the place where they stand and out across the rest of the battlefield.
Namjoon’s arms come around him, fingers digging into the material of Seokjin’s robe sleeves to ground him as the dark-haired omega starts trembling at the sight of Taehyung’s eyes slowly loosing focus and changing from blue to that eerie green he fears. The green he prayed he would never have to witness again.
The ground cracks, thick roots winding and spasming onto the surface, striking down everything and everyone they come in contact with pure force alone. They are mindless, controlled only by the unconscious will of Taehyung’s growing rage.
“Tae...?” he calls quietly when the hybrid slowly lays Jimin down on the ground and stands. Tears tinged with blood and dirt stream down the boy’s cheeks, his eyes remain green and unseeing – or maybe he is only seeing what he wants to see.
The enemy.
The enemy who had hurt his love, who let Jimin’s breathing stutter to an ominous stop.
The gnarled tree roots catch fire, sparks flying every which way as Taehyung starts mindlessly walking. However, a single green sprout digs its way out of the dirt by Jimin’s side, growing and growing. Getting taller, trunk thicker.
Seokjin gasps, struggling to break Namjoon’s hold on him when the sapling – now a still growing tree – gets too close to Jimin. Namjoon pulls him back, using all of his strength to keep Seokjin from breaking free.
But soon the Kim Clan’s prince stops struggling and gapes wide-eyed as the trunk of the tree turns hollow, engulfing Jimin’s body within it and safeguarding the blonde alpha from the chaos all around, trunk and roots twisting and swirling to form weird patterns and waves.
Their small group has no choice but to move back when the roots start growing upwards at an angle, in a circle around the tree and pointing outward, razor sharp like stalactites. It’s like they are warding off anyone who dares to come closer.
“Shouldn’t we stop him!?” Yoongi whisper-shouts to their group. The first of them to be able to form coherent words.
Hoseok takes one look at Taehyung and shakes his head. “He is not himself now. If we go near there’s no telling what might happen.” Yoongi’s jaw clenches.
“He’s going to kill Rian.” Seokjin announces, watching as the hybrid slowly makes his way to the obsidian throne, the Fey King now on his feet, unstable and a group of elite fey knights stationed around him, eyes and weapons trained on the approaching figure.
“Holy Luna…” Jiwon gasps, fingers white around the hilt of her sword.
They don’t have to fight anymore. The fey are more interested in stopping Taehyung and avoiding the blazing tendrils and roots still swaying and swishing through the air.
They pose no threat to the hybrid whatsoever.
Taehyung doesn’t even bat an eye, his subconsciousness ruling over his powers – burning, drowning, strangling, burying the fey alive beneath the dirt, the air itself cutting into flesh like sharpened knives.
When Seokjin imagined the Fey King’s death it had always been dramatic. A duel following the laws of the fey or just Seokjin and his friends cornering Rian and subjugating him until he would surrender – and then one of them would run a sword through his heart or cut his head off. Then they would rejoice and celebrate to their hearts’ content before returning home to start their lives anew.
Rian’s death doesn’t happen like that.
It is swift – the death. Anticlimactic even, for all their struggles and arduous journeys and suffering and loss.
Taehyung is half way towards the throne, then he is engulfed in a whirlpool of a shimmering portal. The next instant he is standing in front of Rian, past the fey guards.
Seokjin doesn’t know where he got it from but Tae holds a spear in one of his hands. Rian has time to only blink once before the spear lodges into his torso, mimicking the way it had stuck out of Jimin’s chest.
Rian coughs up blood, falling to his knees as he clutches at the place where the spear enters his body. He was already too weak, too much time since his last feeding on hybrid blood. It takes mere minutes for the life to fade from Rian’s eyes and his limp body falls forward with a thump. Taehyung doesn’t stop and proceeds to burn it in a blazing bonfire.
Namjoon’s grip on him loosens just a fraction and Seokjin breaks free, sprinting across the field, jumping and ducking to avoid the burning tendrils. Miraculously though, they seem to have a mind of their own, steering free of any shifters including the prince.
When he reaches Taehyung, Seokjin gasps in shock. He grips one of the hybrid’s shoulders and turns Taehyung to face him, startling at the other omega’s eyes – now one blue and one green.
“Tae…?”
The blue-haired boy’s jaw is clenched tight, gaze hard and furious. Thankfully, it doesn’t seem to be directed at the prince.
“Leave, Seokjin.” He says harshly, “Take the others and leave here. The fey lands are no home for good people. There are only monsters here.”
“We will leave only if you come with us!” Yoongi exclaims, panting and out of breath as he skids to a stop just behind Seokjin.
Taehyung shakes his hand, eyes boring into every fey knight around them – some still trying to kill the shifters, some running for their lives to escape Taehyung’s destructive magic which seeks vengeance, others just looking confused with no leader or king to take orders from.
“I’m staying. I am a monster too.” He says self-depreciatively.
A stray fey warrior runs towards them, sword drawn and screaming. Taehyung raises his hand palm up and makes a gesture and Seokjin watches as every faerie on the battlefield gets imprisoned in a cage of thorny vines, sharp points digging into their flesh and making them cry out.
“Taehyung, what- stop that!” Seokjin pleads, pulling at the boy’s sleeves. “Let us go, please. Rian is dead. We have no more quarrels with the fey folk.”
“Oh but I do!” Taehyung screams into his face, breathing heavy, his left blue eye misty with tears, the green one burning with fury. “They killed Jimin. They killed our people just because of a single command from a whimsical ruler who didn’t even follow their own laws. The fey might feel that they are superior because of their immortality and powers but now they are going to pay – they will stay this way for the rest of their years and repent, experiencing this pain each and every day.”
“Tae, this isn’t you!” Yoongi tries. Seokjin notices that he is crying. The prince recalls that, despite not meeting each other in person until a few weeks ago, Yoongi has known Taehyung for a long time, almost as long as he’s known Jimin and Hoseok. Seokjin himself already feels incredibly close to the blue-haired omega, Taehyung having burrowed into a soft spot in the prince’s heart. “You know Jimin the best, Tae. Would he want you to do this? No. He would want you to be happy, to make a good life for your-”
“Yoongi! Don’t bother.” Taehyung says sharply, cutting Yoongi off. “I have decided already. Now leave!” his voice resounds through the battlefield, everyone’s ears ringing.
The blue-haired omega turns away from them, walking towards the obsidian throne of the fallen fey king, he turns in front of the throne, eyes finding the tree inside which Jimin’s body lies.
The tears don’t stop and sadness seems to seep through the boy’s pores. The ground starts shaking more and more violently by the second until Hoseok and Namjoon are there, frantically trying to pull the omegas away, towards the river.
“Everyone - to the other side!” Hoseok shouts in a commanding tone, infusing his voice with just a bit of alpha.
The straggling shifters who had been stuck in place with the shock of things finally rouse into motion on hearing the General’s voice. Namjoon pulls the prince into his chest as people and wolves run past them, stumbling and falling and pushing to get to the other side. The bridge Taehyung had built across the river gets so over-crowded that those in wolf form dive into the river and swim their way through the waters.
Seokjin and Namjoon are the last to get across, just a few steps behind Yoongi and Hoseok, and then the bridge cracks in half.
However, it’s not only the bridge that breaks – the land itself seems to splinter apart. The crack starts somewhere far away and runs down the centre of the river, the whole chunk of land that lies on the other side of the river rises, half of the river water flowing horizontally along the boundary and the other half flows down over the raised cliff like a waterfall.
“I am your King! Now kneel before me – or die!” Taehyung’s words echo and the blue-haired boy seats himself on the black throne, claiming his rightful place as the next Fey King.
The Fey Lands rise up so high above the normal ground level that it’s not even possible to climb and Seokjin clutches at Namjoon’s hand, tears flowing freely.
Those are the last words he ever hears from Taehyung.
The memory of the blue-haired boy with a silly boxy smile stays buried deep in Seokjin’s mind, stored away in the farthest crevices of his aching heart.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 

  1 Year Later 


   


   

“Have some of this too, Your Majesty.” Byul, one of the kitchen staffs says. She brings over another plate of freshly made cakes and places it on the table in front of him.
Seokjin smiles. The cakes look pretty. He picks one up and before taking a bite says, “You should know I’m not the King, Byul. At least not yet. Not until the coronation tomorrow morning.”
Byul rolls her eyes. All the kitchen staff and cooks are too used to Seokjin’s presence there to observe formalities, despite remaining respectable, and honestly Seokjin doesn’t mind one bit. On the contrary, he is rather happy that the people who work at the castle are comfortable enough around him to be able to share their worries and happiness with him, to be themselves. “In the peoples’ hearts, you’ve been our King since the moment of your father’s passing, Your Majesty.”
It feels good to be trusted by his people.
It’s been a whole year since that day. The day when Jimin died with none of them being able to bid him a final goodbye, the day when Kim Taehyung, the hybrid with two-colored eyes ascended the throne and alienated the Fey from the entirety of the Ancestral Lands. The cliffs are so high, the Fey Lands seemingly almost floating in the air, that no one even knows what has happened there in the past year.
Seokjin misses them. So much.
Taking back the kingdom of the Kim Clan had been a bit strenuous. First, they had the problem of subjugating the rogues and freeing the slaves that had been sold off. Then, there had been a bit of a skirmish with the Yellow Kingdom who saw the absence of a king as a weakness and tried to attack. Luckily, they had still been on guard and Hoseok’s troops managed to drive them back. Honestly though, Seokjin still doesn’t understand how senseless the King of the Yellow Kingdom must be – to attack their own kind only weeks after the battle at the Fey Lands, only weeks after suffering such tremendous losses, so many shifters dead.
The castle’s reconstruction came next. This period was even more difficult because Yoongi had to leave for Yule, to his own kingdom and people, and unsurprisingly Hoseok had left with his intended, taking Yeonjun and the other boys with them.
Yoongi leaving, however, meant that Jungkook and Jiwoo were finally able to return home from Yule. Lady Jiwon and her people had stayed by Seokjin’s side as promised too, helping him along the way.
It was a lot easier after the Mircea castle was back in full glory again.
Seokjin is too focused on sampling the little cakes so he startles a little when a familiar voice reaches his ears. “Ah! I knew you would be here!” the alpha announces appearing in the doorway. “Jiwoo has been searching for you all over the castle, Your Highness. She wants to do a final rundown for tomorrows coronation procession.”
The kitchen maids and errand boys giggle behind their hands as the head cook ushers them out the other door. Though Seokjin had still remained as an unmated omega, much to the displeasure of some of the Lords in the kingdom, everyone in the castle, however, were aware of the special relationship Seokjin had with Kim Namjoon.
“Ugh…I better go hide then.” Seokjin replies cheekily, licking cake crumbs off his fingertips, a small smirk forming when he sees Namjoon’s eyes follow the movement. “She made me do it like twelve times already!”
Namjoon moves closer and leans his hip against the dark oak table Seokjin’s sitting at. “Well, it’s your big day tomorrow.” The alpha says proudly.
And it is. They’ve been planning the coronation for a whole year but Seokjin wanted to wait until everything was settled, until the repairs at the castle were done with. Then there was also the matter of setting a date that didn’t conflict with the Pale King’s schedule so Yoongi could come down to Mircea for the coronation, along with Seokjin’s best friend, of course. They are here now, in another wing of the castle where the guest rooms were.
Yoongi and Hoseok had mated last year, almost immediately after returning to Yule. Neither of them wanted to experience the heartbreak of losing the other, like Taehyung had lost Jimin, so although Namjoon and Seokjin didn’t mate due to the then still fresh nature of their courting, Yoongi and Hoseok had wasted no time in marking each as mates.
And despite everything all of them had gone through, Yoongi and Hoseok had managed to find happiness in each other and their people. So Seokjin too had dared to hope for such contentment.
“You won’t change your mind then?” Seokjin asks the alpha after a few moments. Namjoon shakes his head, he knows what Jin is talking about.
Throughout the centuries, all the rulers in the Lands of the Lupus had been alphas – sans the Pale King, of course. And when it came down to choose the next king of the Kim Clan, Seokjin had asked if Namjoon, as his future mate – there was no doubt of it at this point - was willing to take on that role. The alpha had refused adamantly. They are your people, Seokjin. They want you as their king. Your father wanted to pass down his crown to you despite you being an omega. He knew you would do well. And I…I am your person too, Your Majesty, and I think you would make an exceptional King.
Namjoon closes the space between them, cupping Seokjin’s cheeks, thumbs smoothing down his cheekbones as he bends at the waist to be on the same level as the seated omega. “It does not matter how many times you might pose this question – my answer is always going to be the same. Omega Kim Seokjin of the Kim Clan will make the best king the Ancestral lands would ever have.”
Seokjin snorts. “Aren’t you being incredibly biased, Joonie?”
Namjoon leans in closer, breath fanning against Seokjin’s face. “Of course not – just stating the purest of all truths.” The alpha grins against Seokjin’s lips, pressing a soft kiss and then another, and another.
“Mhmm~” Seokjin wraps his arms around Namjoon’s neck, fingers tangling in the alpha’s soft locks, the brown of it even lighter now than it used to be due to spending so much time outdoors, under the scorching hot sun.
Seokjin is almost used to it now, but the sensations flowing in through the bond between them always make him dizzy, especially in moments like these, when they are so close to each other, touching each other.
He can hear Namjoon’s heartbeat, given their close proximity, but through the bond he can also feel it, the beats pounding through his nerves, mixing with the ones of his own heart.
He can feel how deeply the alpha loves him, how much he cherishes the omega, how much he wants him.
He can’t stop the small breathless gasps that fall from his lips as Namjoon kisses him, slow loving kisses eventually giving way to ones that speak of lust and hunger.
Seokjin moans embarrassingly loud when Namjoon’s tongue finally slips into his mouth, tasting him, the wet pink muscle exploring the space that the alpha already knows like the back of his own hands.
“The cakes taste good. Strawberry, right?” Namjoon mumbles into the kiss, tongue flicking to taste the omega’s lips that are stained with the jam of the cake filling, making Seokjin chuckle lightly, gasping when Namjoon deepens the kiss.
The alpha’s warm hands leave his face. Seokjin lets out a little squeak when Namjoon picks him up by the waist and seats him atop the dark oak, mouth once again finding Seokjin’s without missing a beat.
The alpha is leaning over him, one knee on top of the table, between Seokjin’s slightly spread legs. His robes have slid down from his shoulders and Namjoon’s hands smooth upwards against the soft material of the prince’s silky shirt. They are in the kitchen, both the front and back doors open and anyone passing by would have a clear view of the gasping prince spread over the table, the alpha hovering over him. It should make him anxious, knowing that if any of the Lords who are against an omega being king see him right now they would once again start undermining him, undermining his abilities to rule – just for being an omega. But somehow, he feels his body heat up even more, moaning low into Namjoon’s mouth as a little bit of slick gushes from his opening down below.
Namjoon smells it immediately, of course; the sweet and sour scent of roses and citrus thick in the air. The alpha growls, eyes dark as one of his hands moves lower, siding over the prince’s shirt-covered stomach, down his navel and to his crotch. When Namjoon grips his cock lightly, Seokjin realizes he is half-hard already and that the slick must have started to seep through the cloth of his trousers.
“W-we should go.” Seokjin stutters as the alpha continues to languidly stroke him over his trousers. “Our chambers~”
“Mhm.” Namjoon finally lets up and scrambles off of the prince, pulling the omega up and onto his feet. He adjusts Seokjin’s robes, making him look as proper as possible with how flushed Jin currently is. “Lets go, then.” The alpha smirks, eyeing the blushing omega.
They are out of the kitchen within a minute and heading down the corridor leading in the direction of Seokjin’s chambers.
Namjoon keeps him close, arm wound tight around the prince’s slim waist, the slight pressure of the pads of Namjoon’s fingers sending tiny, delicious pinpricks of heat across his skin. As they make their way towards their destination, Seokjin prays that no slick ends up dripping onto the floor. They run into a couple of guards and maids on the way and Seokjin flushes even harder because all of them can surely tell from his state alone what it is that is going to happen behind closed doors of their future king’s bedchambers.
Namjoon doesn’t waste any time, pushing him onto the bed the moment the door swings shut behind them. He climbs over the omega, mouth finding Seokjin’s smooth neck, littered with a few already fading bite marks from that morning.
The prince squirms as more slick leaks out, his hands travel along the alpha’s hard, lean torso and he tugs at the ties of Namjoon’s robes, feeling the alpha’s arousal as the hard shaft presses against Jin’s thigh.
“Joonie~” he whines, heat building rapidly in his gut.
The alpha kisses him hard before sitting back to discard his robes and shirt before helping the prince get rid of his own clothes too, placing soft kisses on every bit of exposed skin.
Their scents mix together dizzyingly, the salty tang of the sea on the tip of Seokjin’s tongue, Namjoon’s scent more musky than fresh, dripping with the alpha’s arousal.
Wanting to let lose the knot in his gut, Seokjin clutches at Namjoon’s hand, guiding it to his ass.
Namjoon chuckles against his skin, complying with the prince’s desires as two of the alpha’s long fingers circle his hole and plunge in, wrenching a groan out of the omega. “So needy. So eager.” Namjoon teases.
The alpha pleasures him unhurriedly, fingers familiar with each and every sensitive spot inside Seokjin’s warm heat.
They don’t do this often – have sex outside their cycles, he means. Seokjin’s heat comes every month and Namjoon’s rut every three – all the action they get during their respective cycles is more than enough to satisfy their cravings for each other’s bodies, tiring them out by the end. And besides, with looking over the various affairs of the kingdom it’s not like they have a lot of free time to indulge in such intimacies, collapsing onto the bed and falling asleep in each other’s embrace at night, a few heated kisses and touches at most.
But sometimes, Seokjin just wishes he had enough time to spend with Namjoon, without any of their primal omega and alpha instincts getting in the way. Seokjin’s omega had mostly calmed down and receded ever since the first time Namjoon had helped him with his heat but the need to get fucked senseless and bred was still mostly there during heats where as all Seokjin wanted was to have slow, intimate sex with the alpha. It didn’t help that Namjoon’s ruts were terribly hard on the alpha, leaving no room for sweet love making.
All these things combined are the reason why Seokjin loves rare days like this when he knows they have all the time they need and no one would come to disturb them until the next morning.
“Oh fuck.” Seokjin groans, not out of pleasure but disappointment. “The coronation ceremony.”
Namjoon chuckles. “You should’ve worried about that before tempting me to bring you here.”
Seokjin snorts, then gasps as the alpha’s fingers find a particularly sensitive spot inside him. “J-just-ah! Just don’t go too hard. I have a lot of sitting down to do tomorrow and I don’t think the council will take kindly to me using your lap as a pillow because I’m sore.”
Namjoon bites him in reply, light teeth indents appearing on Seokjin’s broad shoulders. Another kind of want surges within him. “Joon?”
“Mhm?”
“Namjoonie…”
The alpha leans back, forearms supporting his sculpted body over the omega’s. His fingers still inside Seokjin too, as the alpha searches the prince’s face for any sign of discomfort.
“What is it, love?” he asks worriedly, “Do you want to stop here after all? You know we can do that right - stop here and just cuddle?”
Seokjin heart goes soft for the alpha. If Namjoon were any more perfect than he already is then Seokjin’s heart would surely turn into some sort of gooey, sugary syrup from how often it melts upon witnessing all the alpha’s concerns, loving gestures, soothing words and praises.
“W-will…will you mate me, Joonie?” he asks tentatively, biting his lip.
Above him the alpha blinks.
Namjoon lifts himself up to sit back on his haunches, settling between Seokjin’s legs. He stares at the already ravaged and incredibly aroused mess of a prince spread out on the mattress before him.
The alpha’s scent changes minutely, a bit of anxiousness bleeding in. “Of course I will! We’ve been courting for a year, did…did I perhaps do something that made you think I changed my mind?”
Seokjin’s eyes go wide and he sits up, hands finding purchase on the alpha’s shoulders. “What? Joonie, no!” He exclaims. Somewhere deep in Namjoon’s heart a small fear still existed and Seokjin knew it – the alpha had always been a little afraid of meeting someone like Namjoon’s mother, or worse, turning out to be like his mother. “You are the perfect alpha, Namjoon – my alpha. I…what I was trying to ask was…if you would mate me today, now.”
“Oh…”
“Yeah…” Seokjin pulls him in for a hug, a relieved breath whooshing past his parted lips when he sniffs the air subtly and finds that Namjoon’s scent had gone back to normal. The prince gasps then, as a burst of something warm surges through their bond – Namjoon is happy, he realizes, elated.
“I would.” Namjoon says, and the alpha’s joy is evident in his tone. “I’m ready whenever you are, love.”
Seokjin smiles and leans forward to capture the alpha’s lips in a searing kiss.
Namjoon pushes him back onto the soft silken sheets and their hands and mouths start to wander again, gasps and moans and low growls filling the room. It’s still languid and unhurried but Namjoon’s whole body seems to be bristling with a newfound energy, a new goal in mind.
“My gorgeous omega…”Namjoon growls, voice deep and husky. It makes the prince’s toes curl. “Beautiful and intelligent. So good in looking after your people. So good for your alpha.”  He says the last part using his Alpha Voice and though it’s not any kind of command but the tone is the last straw. Seokjin needs him, needs him inside, now. It doesn’t help that he is incredibly weak to the alpha’s compliments, more slick gushing out, soaking the sheets underneath.
He slips his hand into Namjoon’s trousers, fingers finding the alpha’s erect cock which is wet and dripping pre-cum, the beginnings of a knot already swelling at the base of the hard length. The alpha’s hips buck into the pressure as Seokjin grips the length and gives it a few lazy pumps. “Joonie, please~”
The only times Namjoon has been faster than that particular moment were the times he was trying to save Seokjin’s life.
And just as the head of the alpha’s cock brushes against Seokjin’s wet hole the alpha stops and cups his cheeks, pressing a sweet kiss to his forehead. “I love you, Kim Seokjin, so so much. Will you give me the honour of being your mate?”
Seokjin grins, his eyes crinkling in happiness. “Cheesy and old fashioned as always, hm? I love you too, Joonie and yes, you can have the honor of being my mate.” The prince laughs lightly. “My perfect alpha- Ah, ah!” He kisses the corner of Namjoon’s mouth, moaning as Namjoon finally pushes in, slowly, until all of him is sheathed by Seokjin’s wet heat.
The alpha showers his face with loving kisses as Namjoon builds a perfect rhythm, thrusts languid but deep, reaching all the right places inside him. He also seems to keep in mind Seokjin’s earlier remark regarding the ceremony tomorrow, careful of not being too rough. He rains down compliments on him, commending him even on the most random things like looking cute when he’s too engrossed in eating his favorite foods and every little bit of praise arouses Seokjin to the point where he feels like bursting, his own cock leaking all over his stomach, the muscles of his hole pulsating around the alpha’s length as copious amounts of slick drip onto the sheets, squelching wet noises echoing in the chambers.
He wraps his legs and arms around the alpha when he feels the other’s thrusts pick up in speed, nose tucked into the crook of the alpha’s shoulder as Namjoon bites and laps his tongue over his scent gland, making his senses go haywire.
Seokjin comes with Namjoon’s name on his lips, the muscles of his legs spasming, breath hitching, the alpha slows his thrusts for a bit, kissing him through his orgasm, hands comfortingly smoothing down the prince’s sides before he picks up the pace again, chasing his own release.
“Ah~fuck! Alpha…” Seokjin clutches at the sheets, hole sensitive as Namjoon’s knot pushes past the outer muscles of the opening, locking them together as sticky cum spurts inside the omega after only a couple more hard thrusts.
And as Namjoon continues to come inside him, the alpha nips at his scent gland, asking for permission. “Ready?”
Seokjin nods wildly, moaning at the feeling of Namjoon filling him up, at the alpha’s pleasure that comes through the bond.  “Yes, yes I am.”
He noses at Namjoon’s neck, seeking his scent gland, the spray of seawater and salt assaulting his senses. With a final acknowledging hum they bite down into each other’s scent glands at the same time, the mix of pain from the bite and the pleasure that comes with a mating mark almost too much when combined with their already existing bond.
Namjoon pants above him, arms straining a bit form how spent the alpha is and from all the new sensations that come with mating. The alpha’s tongue flicks over the new bite, licking up the tiny rivulets of blood, soothing the wound. “I love you.” He whispers into the new mark in the crook of Seokjin’s shoulder.
“Mm…l-love you, Joonie.” Jin mumbles, eyelids fluttering, threatening to close, small gasps unconsciously escaping his lips each time Namjoon’s knot empties a new spurt of cum inside him.
The alpha shifts them onto their side, rubbing circles into the small of Seokjin’s back, pressing kisses to his face.
“Go to sleep, my gorgeous mate.” The alpha whispers, the two of them still locked together for the next several minutes.
Seokjin presses his nose into the alpha’s neck, relishing in their scents, now mixed together perfectly, forever.
He falls asleep to Namjoon’s soothing touches and the alpha’s steady heartbeat.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
 
“Being king suits you, brother.” Jungkook congratulates him, wrapping his strong arms around Seokjin – now officially King of the Kim Clan. “The crown looks right at home on your head. Gods I hated it when you used to avoid coming anywhere near the throne room or the council room. More than half the things I know, I learned from you. The old advisors were fools not to see your potential.”
Seokjin bats at his brother’s shoulder, pulling away, slightly embarrassed at the compliments. “I didn’t avoid them, Jungkookie.” He says, “I just found a more creative way to be involved.” The newly crowned king adds, reminiscing of all the times he’d hid in the secret passageway behind the throne to eavesdrop on the meetings.
He’d made sure that all the tunnels had remained intact during the castle’s reconstruction.
“Congratulations on your ascension, Your Majesty.” Jungkook’s mate hugs him next, smile wide.
“It’s still Seokjin to you, though, sister Jiwoo.” He reminds her.
“And now she will keep on addressing you as Your Majesty just to annoy you!” Hoseok claps him on his back and sticks his tongue out at his sister. Jiwoo makes a face.
“Also, I see you finally decided to mate.” Yoongi points out, Namjoon and Seokjin’s mixing scents giving them away despite their fresh mating marks being hidden away beneath elaborately designed festive clothing.
Seokjin smiles sheepishly and Namjoon kisses the top of his head. “Y-yeah, we did.”
“I also see that Namjoon refused to be king, as the omega heir’s official mate.” Yoongi adds. “Good for him – would’ve kicked his ass otherwise. I need a fellow omega on the throne, can’t stand handling all these alphas and their raging hormones at the summits - not you, Hobi. I love you.”
“I know you do.” Hoseok rolls his eyes as their group burst out in lighthearted laughter.
Seokjin looks around the throne room. There are people milling around, talking and laughing and drinking. Tall, elegant chairs are set up in two straight lines facing each other, starting at the bottom of the steps that lead to Seokjin’s throne. Important delegates and generals from the other kingdoms occupy the seats, making small talk.
Two chairs just at the start of the left row are empty.
They will remain empty forever.
“I wish Jimin and Taehyung were here.” Seokjin says softly, only for their group’s ears.
Sad smiles paint everyone’s faces.
“They are.” Namjoon says, placing a warm palm over Seokjin’s heart. “They are right here.”
 
 
 
***
 
 
 

  5 Years Later


   

The next time Seokjin sees Taehyung is on the day of Moonbyul’s birth – his baby girl, his first pup.
Namjoon is ecstatic, dimples never disappearing from his cheeks as he coos at the little pup.  He’d stolen her from Seokjin more than two hours ago.
“Guess I’m not his favorite anymore.” Seokjin chuckles. He’s sitting in bed, sheets pooling at his waist, still resting after giving birth to the little charmer.
“Someone’s jealous.” Yoongi teases from his place at the foot of the mattress, Yeji – Yoongi and Hoseok’s three year old daughter - crawling on the silk sheets as she curiously watches Namjoon make his tenth round around the room, singing praises for his newborn to all their friends who’d gathered in Seokjin and Namjoon’s room.
Yeji is Hoseok and Yoongi’s only child. It was a difficult pregnancy and neither wanted to take risks by trying for another. They could just adopt if they ever wanted more kids, they’d decided.
“He’s been fawning over her for two hours!” he exclaims. “Moonie needs to feed and rest too.”
Yoongi rolls his eyes at him, picking up a toy that Yeji had dropped to the floor.
It might be because of dormant faerie blood but Seokjin suddenly senses a kind of shift in the air, rippling like the surface of a lake. Yoongi is the only one whose attention is on Jin and the red-haired male follows his gaze, gasping when he recognizes the shimmering start of a portal.
“Could it be?”
“Taehyung?” Seokjin whispers in awe, drawing everyone’s attention. The room falls quiet, only the sound of Yeji’s occasional babbling and Moonbyul’s gurgling reaching their ears as they take in the sight of Kim Taehyung in the flesh, the barest of fond smiles on the hybrid’s lips.
It’s been six years since the last time they saw him and Taehyung had grown, matured, had become a terribly handsome man though still retaining some of the softness that all omegas possessed.
His cotton-candy blue hair was several shades darker now; his jaw sharp and sculpted, chest and arms thicker, shoulders broader. He’s gotten taller too, probably around Seokjin’s height now. A black wreathed crown with tiny silver blossoms sits atop his head. Seokjin’s eyes flit to Taehyung’s – just as he’d last seen them, one blue and one green.
The Fey King stands before them, a dear old friend who’d been torn apart with grief.
Seokjin scrambles off the bed, wincing in pain slightly. However, in one swift movement Taehyung is in front of him, pushing him back under the blankets. “Stay,” he instructs, his voice deep and smooth, “I am not going anywhere, Jin.”
There’s only a moment of quiet tension before both Yoongi and Seokjin pull Taehyung onto the bed, falling on top of the hybrid and wrapping their arms and legs around the boy – no, not a boy any more. A man. A King.
“T-Tae, it’s really you!” Seokjin sobs, blinking the tears away, realizing that Yoongi was also crying with him.
Taehyung lets the two omegas do whatever they want, eyes flitting to meet the gazes of all the other occupants of the room: Jiwoo and Jungkook, Lady Ha, Hoseok, Yeonjun, Taehyun, Beomgyu, Huening Kai. He smiles at the two pups too, the only face missing that of Soobin’s who’d stayed behind to watch over Yule.
“Yes, it is me.”
“I…how?” Yoongi mumbles through sniffles.
“I heard the news.” The hybrid replies. “No matter how far apart we may be, you all are still my dear friends - my family. And besides, Jimin would’ve wanted to see the pup. I’m sorry I didn’t visit you and Yeji before, Yoongi.” He apologizes, with the Pale King shaking his head, mumbling you are here now, that’s all that matters, Taehyungie. 
Taehyung stays with them for a day.
He tells them how he finally let the imprisoned fey go but with strict instructions to never leave the borders of the Fey Lands. Seokjin cooks for the first time in a long while, a whole feast to mark the happy occasion.
Taehyung falls in love with the pups and the two girls take to the hybrid like moths to a flame, even the newborn Moonbyul never crying while in Taehyung’s arms, not even once.
They talk about Jimin too, briefly but fondly. And although Taehyung says it’s okay and smiles throughout every mention of Jimin’s name, Seokjin still catches him looking with a longing sadness at the interactions between the various mated couples in the room.
That night Taehyung leaves the same way he’d come and the Fey Lands stay isolated from the rest of the continent. The next time they see the hybrid king of the fey is on the day Jaehyun is born – Seokjin and Namjoon’s darling son.
Yoongi and Hoseok stay in Yule along with Soobin and the quartet, each of the boys slowly finding their own special person as years pass. Lady Ha marries and mates, retiring to a peaceful county life. Rowon becomes a stunningly handsome and skilled General, taking Hoseok’s place on the council. Junsu and Junhee become part of Seokjin’s elite guard and Jin’s friend Chae, from the Moon village, comes to work at the castle.
Moonbyul grows up to be a strong-headed beta and Jaehyun presents as an alpha, eventually falling for Yeji.
Chanyeol and his pack wander from place to place, eventually settling down in the Pale King’s Realm.
Jungkook and Jiwoo wait several years to have kids – three boys who all present as alphas in the future – and when the pups are old enough to talk and walk properly, the family of five leave Mircea to journey all over the Ancestral Lands. At one point, Jungkook even gets shot in the leg by a gun while trying to defend Namjoon’s hometown from human pirates.
Every night, Seokjin falls asleep happy and warm in his mate and husband’s arms, cuddled close to Namjoon’s chest, their two children getting up to their own mischief – naively thinking their parents weren’t aware.
Seokjin could’ve never imagined a more perfect life than this one.
“I love you.” Seokjin would whisper to his mate just as they are on the brink of falling into dreamland.
“I love you, Jinnie.” Namjoon always answers him back.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
 
If one hears Seokjin’s story they would surely sympathize and grieve for all the loss that had happened in the past.
And Seokjin might’ve found happiness in his family and friends and loyal people but there are always too many external forces at work.
One of such forces was the Humans.
They crept up on them slowly, entering by the sea. The shifters of the Ancestral Lands knew that some of the humans had also been involved in the slave trades, buying wolves for cruel and inhumane research, but they had given the race the benefit of the doubt, not willing to judge the whole for the mistakes of a few.
Only this time, it had backfired on them.
The hard earned peace had begun slowly falling apart as more and more wolves got shot and shipped away across the sea, never to be seen again. They tried to fight back, even the haughty King of the Yellow Kingdom joining Yoongi and Seokjin’s armies in battle against the humans. But the shifters didn’t stand a chance against long range guns and cannons.
When the last of the forces of the Kim Clan’s army had to barricade themselves within the walls of Mircea castle’s throne room, Seokjin had found himself being afraid for the first time in more than thirty years.
“We have to leave!” Namjoon says to him over the panicked conversations in the hall. “Save as many as we can.”
“Where will we go, appa?” Moonbyul, armed and clad in armor, asks while Jaehyun and Rowon try to calm the people and warriors down.
Namjoon looks haggard, graying hair plastered to his forehead with sweat, armor painted in blood. He’s sixty already, not as nimble as he used to be but still as handsome as ever in Seokjin’s eyes, and a natural leader.
The alpha ponders for a few moments before announcing his decision. “Taehyung.” He says.
And only briefly hesitating, Seokjin nods.
It’s where Yoongi’s body is, preserved in a sacred tree much like Jimin’s had been. The Pale King had passed in battle at the beginning of the year, leaving a distraught Hoseok and Yeji behind.
Seokjin gasps and watches as the doors to the throne room are wrenched open by enemy for the second time during his life.
The humans pour in, guns firing, bullets flying, the smell of burning gunpowder burning Seokjin’s nose. There is blood on the floor tiles again – blood of Seokjin’s friends, family, his people.
His throat burns with the effort of not crying.
Moonbyul and Jaehyun rally as many of their people as possible, trying to push through enemy lines so they could make it outside while Seokjin and Namjoon start tearing every human in their sight to shreds.
“Joon!” he screams, realizing that his mate is surrounded, bleeding from several gunshot wounds already. Seokjin is at the doors with Moonbyul and the others already, getting swept up in the throng of shifters running for safety as directed by Jaehyun at the front.
Namjoon hears him just as another male shoots him in the arm. The alpha searches him out and exhales when he sees that Seokjin is almost out, shakes his head when his mate tries to push his way back into the hall.
“Don’t!” he calls, voice commanding. Seokjin tries to fight the Alpha’s command, eyes pleading as Junhee tries to make him move. “I love you, Seokjin. Help our people!” he calls and then Seokjin watches in horror as one of the humans shoots the love of his life in the head and Namjoon’s body falls, eyes wide and unseeing.
“N-Namjoon…” he cries weakly, the strength bleeding out of him, making it possible for Junhee and Moonbyul to drag him away, his daughter’s eyes misty with tears as she clutches at Seokjin.
They shift and run with Jaehyun, Moonbyul and Seokjin leading the shifters towards a place Seokjin hadn’t visited in over thirty years.
All the while his heart hurts, clenches so tightly that he can’t even breathe well. Sharp pain stabs him all over, the bond he’d had with Namjoon for most of his life breaking, shattering into pieces and slowly fading.
It leaves a huge space inside Seokjin – hollow, empty and incredibly lonely.
Seokjin’s inner omega grieves with him.
He’s lost him. He’s lost his mate, the love of his love.
Namjoon is dead.
They run until the sun starts setting and then as the first of stars appear in the dimming light of the sky Seokjin stops. The white wolf sits back on its haunches, panting hard from exhaustion, the fur on its face wet from exertion and tears. Moonbyul and Jaehyun join him, one wolf black like Namjoon and the other white like Seokjin.
Together they look up into the starry sky and howl, mourning a mate, a father, a great man who was always kind and perfect and gave up his life to protect those he loved.
Their people howl with them, filling the night with the cries of mourning and loss.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
The Fey Lands are far away from most of the shifter settlements, separated from the rest of the Ancestral Lands by a thick forest, a flowing river and a deadly waterfalls that starts high up on the cliffs. There is no way to get up there besides teleportation – Taehyung had made sure of it.
It’s been years since the Fey King had distanced their race from that of the children of the Moon and it is usually quiet there, except for an occasional faerie revel.
Thus, it comes as an unexpected surprise when the night suddenly fills with the sounds of whining and howling, thousands of shifters crying up at the moon. Taehyung had been unaware of the situation outside the Fey Lands – the last time he’d left his current home was on the day Jungkook’s youngest son was born - until a year ago, that is, when a weeping Hoseok had shown up, screaming and shouting at the waterfalls from below, armor stained with blood and dirt, a lifeless Min Yoongi in his arms, skin paler than ever.
Taehyung had brought him into the Fey Lands and now there was another magic tree standing by Taehyung’s obsidian throne – one belonging to Jimin, one to the Pale King.
Hoseok, however, hadn’t stayed behind. He’d left with Yeji to fight the humans and protect his people, to do what Yoongi gave up his life for.
And maybe Taehyung hadn’t known of the war before then, but after Yoongi’s death he did know. But he still didn’t leave the Fey Lands, didn’t go after Hoseok and the only friends he’d had in his life.
It stays with him for the rest of his long, miserable life – the regret. The fact that he could’ve done something to help the Moon children if only he’d tried.
But anyways, he’d been made aware of the war between shifters and humans since the day of the Pale King’s passing, so when he hears the numerous howls, sadness permeating through the night air, he immediately knows that something has gone terribly wrong.
He teleports himself to the other side, to the place where the ruins of the beautiful and intricate bridge he’d once built lay.
There are thousands of wolves camped out, panting and exhausted. Some of them turn their heads to look at him when he steps out of the shimmering portal – the younger ones had never seen a living, breathing faerie in their lives and hence, stared at him in amazement while the older ones, who had an inkling of who Taehyung was, watched him with a bit of fear.
It was easy to spot Seokjin and Moonbyul – the only wolves with pure fur as white as snow, accompanied by Jaehyun, fur an inky black, the color of the sky in the deepest of nights.
Seokjin looks at him with sad eyes when Taehyung approaches, scenting a wolf for the first time in years so he could open up a mind link between himself and the elder omega.
“T-Tae…” Jin’s voice comes weakly through the bond, trembling with emotion. When Taehyung takes in their surroundings and the identical expressions of grief on the faces of the two younger wolves by Seokjin’s side he finally understands.
“Namjoon…is he…?”
The white wolf trembles slightly, buries its head in Taehyung’s lap while Moonbyul lays her own head on top of Seokjin’s back, trying to provide some comfort to her father.
“Shh…it’s okay. It’s going to be okay.” Taehyung says soothingly, trying to recollect the last time he’d had a conversation with Namjoon. The alpha had been older then, in his early forties. Taehyung, on the other hand, would always look twenty-five, never aging after reaching the period of maturity for faeries.
For the first time in almost four decades Taehyung lets shifters into the Fey Lands – if you exclude Hoseok and Yeji of course.
The next morning Taehyung teleports himself to Mircea castle and retrieves Namjoon’s body. Seokjin cries his heart out.
Another magical tree joins the other two.
 
 
 
***
 
 
 
It takes years, but under Seokjin and Hoseok’s guidance and with Jungkook, Moonbyul and Jaehyun leading the armies, they retake the Ancestral Lands. The Fey and the Moon children actually become comrades and friends, fighting against the humans together.
Jungkook passes in the last battle and when there is finally true peace across the lands Hoseok and Seokjin leave too, quietly passing in their sleep.
At first, there are only six gigantic magical trees surrounding Taehyung’s throne, but with time, as his friends’ children and their children grow old and die, more and more trees join the cluster.
And all the while, Taehyung loses a piece of himself as he watches the people he’s come to love die.
Maybe it was Taehyung’s fate to spend most of his life alone.
But fortunately for him, his time comes too.
It happens a thousand years after Seokjin’s and Yoongi’s grandchildren die. Taehyung was walking in the groove of trees that morning, hand running along the trunk of each one, reminiscing about his long lost friends, their names carved into the wood.
He feels another presence nearby and makes his way there, catching a young boy playing by the river.
Surprisingly enough, the boy seems to be human and for a moment Taehyung doesn’t know what to do with that information. They’ve never had humans in the Ancestral Lands ever since the last war.
There’s something warm and familiar about the boy though, and it unconsciously draws Taehyung in, making him move closer until the boy finally notices him and turns around.
Taehyung draws in a sharp breath for the boy looks so much like Jimin that it’s uncanny.
“Hello…” the boy tries, blinking up at Taehyung. He looks no older than fifteen.
“H-Hello there,” Taehyung manages, still mildly in shock. “How did you get here? My name is Taehyung, and yours?”
“…Sungwon.” The boy says in a quiet, but eager voice. He seems happy to meet a new friend.
“Hm…would you like to take a walk with me, Sungwon dear?” Taehyung asks.
“Sure!”
And so they walk, and talk, and Taehyung finds himself smiling for the first time in a millennia.
Sungwon seems so good, so innocent and Taehyung feels like the boy does really have a piece of Jimin’s soul. But also, they are definitely not the same person – Jimin and Sungwon, that is.
The human race needed someone with a heart as good and pure as Jimin’s Sungwon’s. Maybe they will learn and be better. He hopes so, atleast.
When it is evening and the sun begins to set Sungwon bids him goodbye.
And when the sun touches the horizon, Taehyung finds himself at peace, smiling at the sky, alight with a plethora of beautiful colors.
Slowly, his body starts to crumble, painless and freeing.
Taehyung’s skin and bones turn into shimmering pollen and scatter with the evening wind, a final magic tree with blue blossoms growing just behind the black throne.
 

  --------------------------------------THE END------------------------------------------------

 
***
 
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Hi!!!
 
So, first of all, this fic has reached 10k!! Thank you so much everyone who has read the story and left kudos and comments. 
I loved interacting with all of my regular commenters. Really, it was such a great feeling reading all ur comments at the end of the day💜😘
 
Frankly, there were lot more things I wanted to write for this. If i had to say...the story and writing slowly went downhill after SOPE backstory.🥴
There was supposed to be much more of Tae, for one. The omegas were also supposed to actually go into Fae land beyond the dungeons.
Namjin didnt really get as much time as i wanted them to get comfortable with each other after Jin got to know the whole story. So much sugary fluff was lost to my lack of time and me editing out a lot of scenes.
There was supposed to be a whole emotional reunion with Heyjin and I completely forgot to even mention her in the epilogue🤦🤦🤦
Also, there were more scenes of Soobin and the others in the Sope arc.
 
But anyways, I loved this journey with u all.
 
Some of u have also been reading my other Namjin story Persona, which sadly i havent updated in over a month...but there WILL be an update this month. 
 
Thank you all so much.💜
 
Love,
A.E
 
  