 “Crown Prince Min Yoongi has died!” The palace messenger screamed from his horse as he ran through the village. The townsfolk cried and yelled out in agony, mourning for their dear prince. “The next drink is on us.” A tavern owner muttered, handing over another drink to a lone customer.The owner looked upon the man who he had been serving. Pitch black hair that went down to his shoulders, the ends uneven as if someone had taken a sword and sliced through it. There was a fresh scar that went over his left eye, the iris white and cloudy in contrast to the other eye where the color seemed to be black. He had a bloody sword strapped over his black coat, the blood seemed to be drying over the edges, but it had dripped a bit on the dusty floor.“Thank you.” The man replied to the owner in a gravely deep voice. The bar owner shuddered and walked away quickly, not wanting to be around the man any longer, thinking he may be a pirate which were common in the village lately.“Who is that man?” One of the workers asked the owner.“I haven't a clue, but I do not want to be near him any longer. I do not feel safe around him.”“Perhaps we should call guards?” The young worker shuffled his feet anxiously. “He hasn’t done anything to warrant that yet, we will wait.”The man with a white eye could tell they were talking about him and smirked, watching the owner shiver in fear. He drank the free drink in a swift motion, stood up and bowed. “Thank you for your service.” His deep voice resonated in the room.“Ah, yes. Come again any time.” The bar owner said, his voice trembling.“I don’t think we will ever see each other again, but thank you.” The man said before walking out of the bar.As he walked down the streets he could hear the villagers whispering about their prince’s death. Some were even praying for him. The man stopped in front of one of the people saying a prayer, and older women who looked like she had seen better days.“Do not waste your prayers.” He told her in a whisper and she scowled at him.“Crown Prince Min Yoongi just died, do not be so foul.” The dark haired man chuckled. “If you say so.” As he continued walking, people parted for him most likely out of fear. He eventually made it to his destination, the ocean stood fiercely in front of him. “Did you do as requested?” The man turned to face a translucent ghost of a soldier, a man who had died in the last war. “Yes, Your Highness. Everything is ready for you.” The ghost spoke, bowing deeply.“I am no longer the Crown Prince, he has died.” The ghost rolled his eyes. “How are we supposed to refer to you then?” “You can just call me Captain. Round up the rest of the crew from your domain and meet me on the ship in ten minutes, no later.”The ghost bowed again and disappeared from sight. Min Yoongi walked towards the ship that the ghost had prepared for him. He had been practicing the art of Necromancy in secret from a young age and had always dreamed of escaping the palace. The moment his father, the King, had said that Yoongi would be married off to some woman, Yoongi knew it was time. He had heard the stories of pirate Captain Hope. They spoke in whispers about him, saying that he lacked emotion, brutally sending hundreds of innocent men down to the depths of the ocean just for looking at him the wrong way.Yoongi wanted to have that reputation. Ever since he had first heard of the Captain, Yoongi had looked up to him.Jung Hoseok was his full name, but nobody would ever dare to mutter it, the very fear of the captain even in his real name. He was a son of the god, Ares, and had never lost a battle in his entire life. Jung Hoseok was known for not only being the strongest fighter in Asia, but also for his good looks. He always walked around in a bright red coat, it was the main way to identify him.“He’s completely sadistic. I heard he laughed the entire time he killed his entire old crew.” Yoongi had heard someone say this once before. Not only did Yoongi want to be that powerful, but he also wanted to destroy Jung Hoseok. As much as he looked up to the man, he wanted what he had. Min Yoongi hated the palace with his entire soul and wanted nothing more than to spark fear in his father.A few years before Yoongi faked his death, he rounded up his old guard, a dead soldier. Yoongi explained his plan to run a ghost pirate ship and the man who was still deeply loyal to Yoongi, agreed to help him.Yoongi took his first step on his ship and laughed. He would get his revenge on the king and nobody and nothing was ever going to stop him. 

Captain Jung Hoseok had created quite a name for himself in the ten years he had been a pirate. At the mere age 16, Hoseok had finally gotten all the preparations ready and he set sail.

He had started as a crew member for a no-name pirate ship after convincing his two closest friends to join him.

His mother’s passing was what had caused him to originally join the life of piracy, that and his father.

After living as a crew member for a bit, Hoseok had planned a mutiny against the Captain of the ship he was sailing on. Just him alone had managed to murder the Captain and all of the other crew members that weren’t his friends.

Immediately after becoming a Captain, he had been coined a laughing stock of any other pirate he had come across for his young age.

“What does a child have on any other Captain?”

They weren’t laughing, however, when Hoseok and his crew of only 2 people sent them sinking to the bottom of the ocean.

They were not just 3 teenages running a pirate ship for the hell of it. Hoseok was much stronger than anyone could have imagined.

Whispers quickly spread about Captain Hope, if you were to see his flag,

two swords crossing against each other on a black flag

, sail the opposite direction.

As the years went on, Hoseok’s crew built up. 

As much as the rumors called him a heartless killer, Hoseok was quite the opposite.

His crew had gone from him and his 2 friends to a group of him and 5 boys that Hoseok had saved from worse situations. 

They were not just a pirate ship, but they had become a family.

Hoseok’s Surgeon and Gunner thought it would be even funnier to spread the rumor that Hoseok was a son of the Greek god Ares, a god of war, to spark even further fear. Though, the rumor was technically not a lie.

Hoseok was in fact a son of Ares and he despised his father. Ares had seen Hoseok once in his entire life, when Hoseok had been fifteen, and had told Hoseok that he was a failure and would never live up to the name of Ares.

Hoseok wanted to prove him wrong, and ten years after becoming a pirate, Hoseok knew he had.

Not that his father would ever admit it. 

“Hoseok.” Seokjin’s voice took Hoseok out of his thoughts where he had been standing on the

looking out on the rolling waves ahead. 

Hoseok turned to face his mortal cousin and first mate who was holding a letter in his hand. They had just left the port in Nagasaki where Seokjin must have received the letter.

“It’s from one of our contacts in Hanyang.” Seokjin was shuffling around nervously, his hands clutching the letter so hard, Hoseok feared it may rip.

Hoseok raised an eyebrow and gestured for Seokjin to continue. Hoseok eyed Seokjin suspiciously with the way he was handling the letter.

"This letter contains information on that pirate they were raving about in Nagasaki. They call him the Ghost Prince. He is the captain of a ship called the Scythe where they say the entire crew are ghosts. He’s been rising in the ranks, now only second most powerful to you.”

Hoseok considered this. It had been so long since there had been competition for him on the ocean. 

Pirates lately avoided his ship at all costs, at even the site of his flag, they were steering the opposite direction.

The Ghost Prince. It was an odd title. It was even weirder to have a crew made up of ghosts.

Hoseok clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth.

Hoseok smirked. "This is going to be fun." 

Seokjin scowled at Hoseok. “Why do you find danger so much fun, actually don’t answer that, I do not want to know. It’s enough for me that this man’s entire crew are ghosts.”

Hoseok burst out in laughter. “Isn’t that what makes it interesting?”

Seokjin sighed and turned to walk across the ship over to where Namjoon was mopping the

Hoseok looked over the ocean in thought. A ship made completely of ghosts. He had to wonder if the Captain was a son of Hades, or perhaps just very in tune with the underworld. Even so, there would be no reason that spirits would follow him so easily. He would have to be a prince of the Underworld or very influential to the spirits when they had been alive. 

Hoseok did not know much about Necromancy, it was a craft that was heavily looked down upon. In fact, it was quite illegal. 

Though, it is not like pirates follow rules anyway.

Hoseok just could think of no other way a person could summon ghosts than have it be because of Necromancy.

Hoseok wanted to know more about the so-called Ghost Prince. He strutted over to where Namjoon and Seokjin were talking. 

“Change of plans. We are going to sail to Tamsui.” He announced to the Sailing Master and First Mate.

Namjoon looked at him confused. “We aren’t going to Busan?”

Hoseok shook his head. “I want to head around to the ports in the area and ask what they know of the Ghost Prince. I want all the information on the man I can get.”

Seokjin groaned. “I should have ripped up that damned letter and thrown it overboard.”

“How the fuck else are we supposed to go against a man who has a crew that literally can’t die if we don’t learn anything about him?” Hoseok leaned back against the edge of his boat. 

“What’s going on?” Jungkook, the Master Gunner, asked as he made his way over. 

Taehyung, the surgeon and lookout, wasn’t far behind Jungkook, coming over as well with Jimin, the Quartermaster, by his side. 

“Well now that we are all here, I guess I will explain the new plan.” Hoseok started, looking at each member of his crew. “I want to find out everything about this Ghost Prince and then I want to fucking destroy him.”

Jungkook’s eyes lit up. “I heard about him in Nagasaki. Do you really think he has a crew of ghosts?”

Hoseok snorted. “No. I think that is a farce, however, I am very curious how he got those rumors to spread about him. He’s only second best to me now, and I can’t have any threat sailing these waters.”

Hoseok was not a bad person, but he knew that this so-called Ghost Prince threatened the safety of his crew members, and he could not stand for that.

“I heard he’s blind in one eye.” Taehyung mentioned, perking up from Jungkook’s side.

Jungkook nodded enthusiastically. “I heard he has a huge scar over his left eye and the eye itself is completely white.”

Hoseok sighed, glaring at his crew. “Stop talking about this man as if you are his best friend. We are set out to kill him.” 

Jimin shrugged. “We are only curious, captain. It’s been so long we’ve had an actual threat to worry about. It’s exciting, isn’t it?”

“No it’s really not.” Seokjin scowled at Jimin who laughed. 

“Anyway. We will reach Tamsui in about five days. I want you all to find out as much as you can about this man when we are there. You understand?” Hoseok concluded and everyone replied with a single, ‘Aye’. 

Hoseok nodded and made his way back to the forecastle deck. 

The trip to Tamsui was relatively easy. It was a smaller port compared to Nagasaki or Shanghai, but the people there were always ready to spill gossip. Hoseok decided to take Namjoon around with him since the Sailing Master was fluent in the language and would make it much easier for Hoseok to gain information. 

Before stepping off the ship, Hoseok gathered up his crew members and told them to meet back at the ship before midnight. 

Hoseok did not mean to be controlling of his crews, but he knew if he did not give them set deadlines they would never get anything done.

It wasn’t hard for people to know exactly who Hoseok was once he walked onto the land. He was known for his lavish red coat and expensive jewelry that lined his entire body. 

In fact, the color red was often associated with Hoseok.

They stared and whispered as he walked through the crowds that were parting for him.

Tamsui was pretty much an open market with vendors selling their things all over the port.

Most ports were similar to each other as they were spots where ships would dock for trade or where pirates would come in or out.

Of course, being a pirate was very illegal, but most were not as well known as Jung Hoseok.

Although everyone knew who he was at just a glance, nobody dared to report him to any authorities.

Hoseok entered one of the popular taverns where pirates would come to while they stayed docked at the port. He knew it would bear the most information to him. The minute upon him entering, the entire room went dead silent. He started to hear murmurs of his name within the pirates there, most of them even older than him. Hoseok smirked at the power he had over these people.

Hoseok was only in his mid twenties at this point, but anyone in their right mind knew that he was not to be messed with.

He sat down at a dark oak table in the dark tavern with Namjoon loyally at his side. 

The table was worn down, splinters of wood popping out. It was slightly unstable, slanting to the right side if you leaned the wrong way.

His eyes scanned over the lot of the pirates, all of them avoiding eye contact.

“Namjoon, ask them.” Hoseok told the Sailing Master who stood up and cleared his throat. 

“Our Captain is wondering if any of you have any information on the Ghost Prince.”

A young man at the corner of the room stood up after being shoved by one of his crew members, he was trembling slightly. “My crew heard that he is a son of Hades and that is how he conjured up all of the ghosts.” 

Another man stood up, shaking his head. “I heard that he’s actually dead himself!”

"I heard that he's actually Hades!"

The group of pirates started shouting over each other, arguing about what they had heard, all trying to get on Hoseok's good side.

Hoseok rubbed his temples in irritation.

“Shut up, the lot of you. Speak one at a time, gods what are you? Children?” Hoseok chastised, the language slightly broken. 

Murmurs of apologies sounded out in the room as Hoseok glared.

“He’s from Joseon, like you.” An older, scraggly looking man said to the right of Hoseok who raised his eyebrows at the information. 

“H-he was first spotted the day of the Crown Prince’s death. I visited a small tavern in Hanyang a few weeks ago and they told me they had seen him that day.” The man took a swig of his drink, licking his lips nervously. “They hadn’t known who he was back then, because it was before he had become a pirate. The owner told me how terrifying the man had been. A fresh scar right over his left eye, it turned the whole eye white, he said. They told me he had demanded free drinks and threatened to kill them otherwise. We might be pirates and we don’t have a good reputation, but the Ghost Prince is barbaric.” 

Another pirate spoke up, “I heard he murdered the Crown Prince!”

Hoseok listened to Namjoon’s translation with keen attention. “Joseon, huh.” 

It had been a really long time since Hoseok had been to Hanyang, even. There was nothing there for him anymore.

Another man was about to speak when the door opened and the whole room went as silent as they had when Hoseok had first walked in. 

“The fuck is wrong with you all?” Hoseok grumbled at the group of pirates in front of him, glaring.

“I heard you were asking about me, Captain Jung Hoseok.” A deep voice said behind Hoseok.

Hoseok, angered that someone had dared to use his real name, turned around ready to confront the person who had said it, but he stopped in surprise.

“The Ghost Prince.” Hoseok breathed out as he first saw the white eye with the scar that everyone identified the pirate by. “You know, I think it’s rude that you’re able to use my real name so freely, but I do not know yours.”

Hoseok looked him up and down, unashamed.

He seemed to be a bit shorter than Hoseok, the pirate was adorned in a long black coat that fell about to where his waist was.

He wore an expensive looking silky white shirt with a v-neck that showed off his defined collarbones.

The Ghost Prince stared at him blankly. “Why were you asking about me?”

Hoseok scoffed. “How could I not be interested in the pirate captain that runs a ship made of ghosts.”

The Ghost Prince had on a mask covering the bottom half of his face, but Hoseok could feel the smirk in his voice, his words laced in sarcasm. “I am sure you’re just trying to find out ways to kill me. You know, as the rumors say, you are

Hoseok had a feeling that the Ghost Prince had been making fun of the things the pirates had just spoken about him.

The room remained dead silent, everyone hanging on to every word the pirates spoke to each other, even if they couldn’t understand.

Hoseok was aghast at the absolute nerve of this guy. His accent was clearly from Hanyang, but it sounded much more sophisticated than someone who had grown up in the city like Hoseok had.

The Ghost Prince turned to look at the man standing by Hoseok’s side and raised an eyebrow in genuine surprise. “Kim Namjoon?”

Hoseok whipped around to face his sailing master. “You know him?”

Namjoon narrowed his eyes at the Ghost Prince and slowly shook his head. “I don’t believe I do. His voice is very familiar, but I cannot place it.”

The Ghost Prince scoffed and tilted his head. “I would not have expected much from you, Kim Namjoon. I cannot say I am surprised that you do not know me, or perhaps you do and you hate me just as much as you did before. Though, it would  be better for me if you don’t remember. However, I am sure your Captain is just dying to find out how I know you.”

“Where is your supposed crew?” Hoseok ignored the teasing and looked around the Ghost Prince for any signs of a ghost.

“They appear when I want them to.” The Prince replied, looking bored, fingers tapping on top of the table.

“So they are really ghosts?” Hoseok’s voice peaked with interest.

“Do you have anything else to ask me, or can I get a drink?” The Ghost Prince tapped his foot on the floor.

Hoseok swallowed down a harsh remark in response. “Well, you haven’t actually answered any of my questions, but by all means, settle down and get a drink. Are you going to take that mask of yours off?”

The Prince ignored him and went to get a drink. Hoseok was extremely frustrated with the pirate, but tried his best not to show it. “Kim Namjoon, you need to remember how you know that man.” He whispered harshly.

Namjoon gave Hoseok an annoyed look. “If I remembered, don’t you think I would have said something?”

The Prince returned shortly with a drink and sat across from where Hoseok was.

“Why don’t you relax, Jung Hoseok?” The Prince asked smugly, looking up at the pirate’s eyes from across the table.

Hoseok ignored the statement and stared at the Prince. “Tell me your name.”

The drink the Prince had bought remained untouched in front of him. “I don’t have a name.”

“That’s a load of shit. Your name can not be the fucking Ghost Prince.”

“What is the name your mother and father gave you?”

“I do not have parents.”

“So you’re an orphan?”

Hoseok growled in annoyance. “You little shit just answer my questions.” 

The Prince chuckled. “Why should I?”

“Are you going to drink that?” Hoseok gestured to the drink in front of the Prince.

The Ghost Prince leaned back in his seat, ignoring Hoseok, and just stared at him. He lifted his legs up and rested his boots against the top of the table, right in front of Hoseok’s seat. The thud knocked Hoseok’s drink over. The alcohol spilled over the table and dripped onto the ground.

The only sound for a moment was the soft drips, all the pirates in the room dead silent. 

Hoseok curled his lips up in disgust. “I guess the rumors of you being barbaric must be true. You lack all kinds of manners.”

“If that’s what you think.” The Ghost Prince had humor in his stupid prideful voice.

Hoseok had enough of this man.

Hoseok snarled, standing up and pulled his sword out of his coat, thrusting it at the other pirate, the blade inches away from the Prince’s face. He hadn’t even flinched. 

A few pirates in the room gasped at the sudden outburst.

“Answer my fucking questions, you brat.” Hoseok spat out and the Ghost Prince laughed so hard his head leaned back against the top of the chair.

“You must think you’re so scary with that sword. Adorable.” 

Hoseok pushed the sword closer to the Ghost Prince’s neck. 

Namjoon put a hand on Hoseok’s arm, trying to get him to pull back.

“Hongjoong, come here.” The Ghost Prince muttered and the ghost of a young soldier popped up directly behind him. 

Namjoon furrowed his eyebrows, the ghost looked a bit familiar to him.

Hoseok flinched in shock at the appearance of the ghost and several people in the tavern yelled in fear. “What the fuck?”

“Put the sword away before I have Hongjoong here do something to you.” 

The ghost smiled at Hoseok eerily. “I’d put the sword away if I were you.” 

Hoseok begrudgingly put the sword back around his coat and looked the ghost up and down. “Why do you obey this pirate?”

Hongjoong snorted. “That’s none of your business.”

Hoseok glared at the ghost. 

“This is my First Mate, Hongjoong.” The Ghost Prince said, his tone dull.

Namjoon definitely felt like he had heard that name at some point.

The ghost bowed at the Ghost Prince and then turned to Hoseok, a look of humor on his face. “What is my Captain to you?”

“He’s a fucking nuisance is what he is. Namjoon, we are leaving.” Hoseok grabbed the Ghost Prince’s drink and downed it right in front of him. “See you later, Prince.”

Hoseok was gloomy all the way back to the ship. “He thinks he is so much better than everyone else. Probably fooled himself into thinking he is an actual prince. I’d love to humble him by shoving my sword up his-”

“Captain.” Namjoon interrupted, aware that the townsfolk were staring. “Let us discuss this back on the ship.”

When they finally arrived, everyone else was still gone. 

“Namjoon. I need you to remember where you know that fucker from.”

Namjoon sighed. “He must be someone I knew back when I worked at the palace. There were so many of us that grew up there, training for whatever it was.”

Namjoon had been brought to the palace at the age of five after it was discovered how smart he was. His parents decided to have him train to be a proper scholar and begged the palace to take the young boy in.

“But he looked like he

you.” Hoseok continued.

“I was only really close to the Crown Prince Min Yoongi since we were around the same age and I was the only one really willing to play with him. The Crown Prince died five years ago. I can’t think of anyone else I was really friends with there. I was either with the Prince or sneaking off to the market to see you.”

“There must be somebody else. I bet that asshole did something to your memory. If he can summon a ghost, he could probably do that too.”

Namjoon hummed under his breath in thought. “Are you sure he is not a son of Hades?”

Hoseok shook his head dismissively. “Demigods are rare on our own, but if there had been a son of Hades born, I am sure we would have known. My guess is witchcraft, necromancy to be specific.”

Namjoon furrowed his eyebrows. “Necromancy? The Crown Prince had actually been interested in it. I think I’m the only one he ever told.”

Hoseok clicked his tongue. “This Ghost Prince must have been someone as close to the Crown Prince as you had been. Perhaps they studied Necromancy together. I bet this fucker had something to do with the death of the Crown Prince too, since that’s the first time he had been spotted.”

“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Captain. The King would surely come for you if you started spreading rumors about his son’s death.”

“The King can suck my ass, Namjoon. I really don’t give a fuck what he thinks of me.”

“Hoseok? Are you okay?” Seokjin yelled running up onto the ship over to where Hoseok and Namjoon were standing on the

“I heard you ran into the Ghost Prince. Never would I have thought he would come to this port at the same time as us.” 

“That piece of shit does not deserve to be referred to as any type of prince.” Hoseok growled.

“So I guess the meeting did not go the way you had wanted then…” Seokjin ran a hand through his hair. “What happened?”

“What happened is that the motherfucker needs to die and join his ghost crew in the fucking underworld.”

“Okay, dear cousin, calm down. Maybe you should go rest in your

.” Seokjin patted Hoseok’s shoulder. 

Hoseok turned around sharply. “Fuck. Whatever. If the kids come back, tell them to not fucking bother me.” 

Seokjin watched Hoseok retreat into the Captain’s Quarters and turned to Namjoon. “That bad, huh?”

Min Yoongi had thought of Captain Jung Hoseok to behave similarly to a toddler. He had followed the Captain out of the tavern in silence and watched him rant the entire way back to Kim Namjoon. 

Yoongi turned to Hongjoon who stood beside him. “That was quite hilarious, don’t you think? How did that child of a pirate become so famous?”

Hongjoong snorted. “It was quite funny, Captain.”

Yoongi thought of Kim Namjoon on the way back to his ship, which he had purposely docked right next to Jung Hoseok’s (absolutely delighted when he had recognized the flag). 

“The last time I saw Namjoon, I was seventeen. He suddenly left one night, never to return. I thought he must have died since then.” Yoongi told Hongjoong as they walked the steps up onto the main deck, a bitter tone to his voice.

“He was your closest friend at the palace, correct?” Hongjoong asked.

Yoongi nodded as Hongjoong took the black coat off of the Captain to hang up in his quarters. “So much for that.” Yoongi spat.

“Little did I know he had left to join a pirate ship.” Yoongi mused, just thinking of it. “He had been the one to tell me stories of pirates when we were kids.”

Kim Namjoon had not only been Yoongi’s closest friend, but also his only one. Without a single warning, he had left the palace one night, leaving only a small note for Yoongi.

The young scholar had not left a reason for his departure, but Yoongi knew. He

it must have been because he had found out Yoongi’s

Yoongi swallowed harshly. 

Kim Namjoon must have hated him so much when he found out. 

Yoongi had cried himself to sleep for months after he had left, his mind supplying hundreds of horrible reasons why his friend had left.

A voice shook Yoongi out of his flashback.

“Captain! You’re back!” Wooyoung, one of the gunners, appeared in front of Yoongi with a huge grin.

“Yes, you can hang out here if you’d like, I am just going to stay on the Forecastle Deck and see what happens when the lovely Captain Jung Hoseok has noticed I docked right next to him. I think it will be a humorous affair.”

Yoongi strided up to the deck and rested against the railing looking over at Jung Hoseok’s ship. He could not see the captain, but instead Namjoon and a very attractive man were talking to each other.

Yoongi adjusted the mask over the bottom half of his face to make sure he was still unrecognizable to Namjoon.

“Where is your Captain?” Yoongi yelled over to where the men were standing. The handsome one jumped from being startled and his face turned to one of despair.

“Hoseok is going to lose his damn mind when he sees who docked right next door.” The man groaned and Yoongi raised an eyebrow. The man must be extremely close to Hoseok to use his real name so freely.

Not much was known about Captain Hope’s crew members, the pirate worked hard to make sure nobody knew anything about them.

“Nice to see you again, Kim Namjoon. You’ve grown well.” Yoongi called over to his old friend. The handsome one slapped Namjoon’s shoulder. “What does he mean by again?” 

Yoongi cackled out a laugh causing the two men to look at him incredulously. “He doesn’t remember me, so unfortunately. Why don’t you two go grab your Captain, I would

to say hello again.” 

“Ah, he’s resting right now. You will have to catch him another time.” Namjoon replied back nervously.

Yoongi tutted. “A shame. Give him my regards, then.”

Yoongi left the forecastle deck and laughed to himself. What a fun rivalry this was going to be. He just loved to see Captain Jung Hoseok all riled up. 

“Hongjoong.” Yoongi spoke and the ghost appeared immediately. “We will be setting sail, then. I would like to hit Hong Kong sooner than later. I have a person I plan to meet there.”

Yoongi had been needing to speak to the oracle who resided in Hong Kong for a long time.

“I will grab the others.” Hongjoong replied and Yoongi nodded.

Yoongi went to his quarters to rest. The ghosts could handle the boat in his absence seeing as none of them actually needed to sleep. 

He laid on his bed and thought of Jung Hoseok. Yoongi wouldn’t lie, the man was extremely attractive. Yoongi had known he was gay since he had been a preteen, and it was a huge reason he left the palace. Yoongi thought that perhaps Jung Hoseok being so attractive was what made it so

to annoy him. It was like a predator playing with their prey before killing it. Yoongi was all but a cat, and Hoseok was a mouse.

“Ah, Jung Hoseok, we are going to have

much fun together.” Yoongi said to himself before falling asleep.

“You’re telling me that the bastard docked his boat directly next to mine and then asked to see me? That’s what you just said, correct?” Hoseok groaned in disbelief as Seokjin told him about the Ghost Prince.

“Maybe he is lonely and wants to be your friend!” Taehyung grinned deviously. 

“That does not make any fucking sense. He just wants to make me mad. I can not stand him. When did he leave?” Hoseok placed his hands on his waist, his stance tense.

“About ten hours ago.” Namjoon responded, nervously watching Hoseok.

“Good. I don’t want to run into him ever again unless it involves sinking him. Let’s get sailing, I want to head to Hong Kong next.” Hoseok turned around with his arms folded at his back and walked up the deck, the crew watching him closely. “The oracle, Kim Chungha, lives in Hong Kong. I want to ask her how we can kill the Prince.”

‘Aye.’ The crew said in unison and ran into their positions to set sail from Tamsui to Hong Kong.

It took about four days at sea before they docked at the harbor in Hong Kong. Seokjin looked anxiously at one of the other ships he spotted already docked in the harbor and nudged Namjoon. They both recognized the flag on the ship immediately.

“Is that not…”

“Do not say a word, if we are lucky, they will not run into each other this time.” Namjoon had a bad feeling deep in his gut, however.

Was it just a coincidence that those two kept running into each other? Or was there some other unworldly reason…?

Seokjin side eyed Hoseok, who was setting up the anchor. “We can only pray.”

“Jimin, Taehyung. I want the two of you to come with me to meet the oracle. The rest of you are free to do whatever you want, just don’t kill anyone influential.Seokjin is in charge in my absence.” Hoseok gave them all a stern look and immediately hopped off the boat and onto the land, beckoning Jimin and Taehyung to follow. 

“Why us?” Jimin whined behind Hoseok who rolled his eyes. 

“Brought you in case she decides to play tricks on us and Taehyung because he is the most personable out of everyone.”

Jimin had wanted to hang out in Hong Kong for the day and go gamble (he always won), but that could wait for another time. 

Jimin loved nothing more than going up against huge, burly older men and absolutely annihilating them at card games.

However, he knew that him being a half siren helped Hoseok out a lot as he could tell when someone was lying or messing with them. 

Hoseok had saved Jimin’s life years ago and Jimin was indebted to him ever since, although Hoseok claimed Jimin owed him nothing.

That was just how Hoseok was. He did so much for others, yet expected nothing in return. It always was out of the good of his own heart.

“I’ve never met an oracle before.” Taehyung grinned as they walked through the busy streets. It was just before sunset and the port town was coming to life.

“You have to be very careful. They are sneaky fuckers. They tell you only what they want and claim it’s the word of the gods. It doesn’t even make any sense until you have thought about it a thousand times.” Hoseok had never been a fan of Chungha. 

Kim Chungha was the most famous oracle in Asia, having been personally chosen by Apollo himself.

The oracle lived up a mountain pass and in a dimly lit cave with torches all around. There were a few young girls milling around, most likely Chungha’s underlings. Chungha only recruited women to work for her. 

One of them stopped in front of the three pirates.

“Miss Chunga has been waiting for you, follow me.” The girl had long black hair, tied into a single braid that fell down her back. She wore an emerald green robe.

Hoseok looked carefully at both Jimin and Taehyung before following the girl into the cave.

“What is your name?” Taehyung asked and the girl ignored him, causing him to pout. 

They spotted a beautiful woman in black and gold flowing robes sitting at the end of the cave on a cushion, a dark haired man who looked annoyingly familiar was already sitting in front of her.

Hoseok stopped in his tracks. “What the fuck is

The Ghost Prince whipped around and his eyes lit up. “Jung Hoseok, what a pleasant surprise.”

The first thing Hoseok noticed was that he was not wearing his usual mask. Facial coverings are not allowed in this oracle’s cave.

Hoseok stared, maybe a bit too long, at the pirate in front of him. His face was familiar, but Hoseok could not place it.

Why could he not place it?

Hoseok pretended that he wasn't staring and scowled at the man and then turned to the oracle who had her eyes closed.

“Thank you for bringing our guests, Chaeyoung, you are dismissed.” Chungha spoke and the girl bowed and left the cave.

Chungha gestured in front of her for Hoseok to sit down, but he only glared. 

The oracle finally opened her eyes, completely glowing white, and tilted her head. “I will not speak of what you want until you are seated.”

Hoseok grumbled and sat next to the Ghost Prince, Jimin and Taehyung seated close behind him. 

He narrowed his eyes at the Ghost Prince and was about to speak when Chungha interrupted him.

“I have been waiting for your arrival. The gods have a plan for you both.”

Hoseok scoffed. “I am

working with this guy.” 

Jimin, who had been silent the entire time, placed a calming palm on his shoulder. “Let her speak.”

“A new threat has come to our seas, threatening to ruin the peace we have worked so hard for. The two rival pirates must work together to destroy this threat that has been abusing the gods' power. It is the only way. It has not been a coincidence that you both have run into each other so much lately.” Chungha’s voice was soft and slightly mesmerizing.

“Well that sounds like a bunch of shit to me.” Hoseok grunted and the Ghost Prince sighed. 

“You are willing to sacrifice all you have worked for just to drive your ego?” Chungha questioned, her blank eyes seeming to drill into Hoseok’s mind. He gulped. 

Hoseok felt dumb after speaking, he knew he was being unreasonable.

“Oh my fucking gods you are ridiculous.” The Prince laughed, darkly. 

“You do not need to make the decision now, but it will come to you very soon. Whatever you choose on that day will decide the rest of our fates.” Chungha stared directly at Hoseok who refused to meet her gaze.

“I will never work with this poor excuse of a pirate.” Hoseok spat, standing up.

“We are leaving.” He bowed quickly and made his way out of the cave, Jimin and Taehyung scurrying along to keep up. 

Hoseok fumed the entire way back to the ship, not even bothering to stop anywhere else. He pushed poor townsfolk out of his way and even more people ran out of his path before he could get to them.

“That must have been the Ghost Prince.” Taehyung whispered to Jimin as they were running to keep up. “He’s kind of sexy.”

“Don’t let the Captain hear you speak like that.” Jimin giggled into Taehyung’s ear, causing the other to grin widely. 

“He’d have to be blind not to see it.” 

“Can we ditch him? I’d rather not have to hear him rant back on the ship for a few hours again.” Jimin asked and Taehyung grabbed his arm and the two ran off while Hoseok continued his tantrum, ranting to himself the entire way back, not even noticing his crew member's disappearances. 

“I want to go find Kookie.” Taehyung said and Jimin elbowed him, wiggling his eyebrows. 

“Sure you do.” Jimin smirked, nudging Taehyung's side again.

“You’re one to talk. Always following Joonie and Jinnie around.” Taehyung retorted back.

Jimin gaped at his best friend and Taehyung laughed. “You aren’t as sly as you think, silly siren.”

Jimin suddenly saw their target in the crowd of people milling around and yelled out, “Jungkook!” 

Jungkook looked around for the voice and Jimin bolted from where Taehyung was, leaving him alone. 

“Tae? Did you just call for me? I thought you were with the Captain?” Jungkook asked when he walked up to Taehyung in the crowd. 

“It was Jimin, and then he ran off. He was probably pranking you.” Taehyung laughed weakly, cursing Jimin internally. 

Jungkook smiled softly at Taehyung and the elder’s heart beat faster. “Want to hang out then? The others went off somewhere probably to wreak havoc so I have just been wandering around alone.” 

“Of course. Wait until you hear what happened with the oracle.”

Jungkook listened intently while Taehyung told him the story of meeting the Ghost Prince. They walked into a tavern to get drinks and talk. Taehyung barely noticed when Jungkook paid for him, still telling the story.

“But, Kookie, this guy… The stories about him must be true! He looked so scary, but like an attractive type of scary. Not like our captain.” Taehyung scrunched his nose. “He has this shoulder length black hair, a super sexy scar like they say.”

They sat down with the drinks. 

“Is it true he has a white eye?” Jungkook inquired, taking a sip.

“Yes! One eye is white and one, his iris must be black.  He wore a long black coat and had a sword strapped over his back. His skin is so pale, I almost thought maybe he is a ghost himself!”

Jungkook leaned in with interest. "You must be exaggerating, what if he is actually a ghost?"

“You guys talkin’ about the Ghost Prince?” Another pirate near them who had been listening asked.

The man leaned in close to them, hands clasped on the table they were sitting at.

“Yes! I saw him myself!” Taehyung mentioned proudly. The other pirates in the tavern started listening in as well. “I think he must have some type of secret power. He was so terrifying in person.”

“I heard he got in a brawl with Captain Hope in Tamsui.” A different pirate said and Taehyung laughed nervously, exchanging eager looks with Jungkook. 

It was time for them to start shit.

“He must be strong to be so confident to get in a fight with Hope. You wouldn’t see me making an enemy of that man.” Someone else said, shivering. 

Jungkook chuckled. “Captain Hope is all bark, no bite.” 

Some of the pirates looked around anxiously as if expecting the said Captain to just walk in. “He is at this port right now, watch what you say, kid. Wouldn’t want him to hear you.”

Taehyung and Jungkook exchanged a humorous look. 

“I saw Captain Hope meeting up with the Ghost Prince.” Taehyung said, eyes narrowed and looking at everyone. Jungkook had to hide a smile. The two of them had way too much fun spreading rumors about their captain.

Whispers spread throughout the room. “Where? You saw them today?”

“Yes, I saw them at the mountain pass together.” Taehyung nodded very seriously, Jungkook agreed. 

“It’s true! My crew mates heard they were meeting up!” Jungkook said, wide eyed, feigning innocence.

It technically wasn’t a lie.

“Fuck!” A pirate yelled in frustration. “If they become allies, it is over for the rest of us.” 

Another pirate snorted. “I heard they hate each other. Captain Hope saying he wants this guy dead. My buddy was in Tamsui when it happened. Those two will probably kill each other."

“Why would they be at the mountain pass together? Do you think they met with the oracle?” 

Taehyung and Jungkook shared a triumphant look as the whole of the tavern started adding on to the rumors they had started. 

“What’s going on here?” A deep, gravely voice said and Taehyung groaned when he turned around and saw the Ghost Prince walking inside, now wearing a mask. 

“Shit.” Taehyung whispered to Jungkook who was staring at the Prince in awe. 

The Prince saw them and sat across from Taehyung and right next to Jungkook who was barely containing his excitement.

“You're one of Captain Jung Hoseok’s crew members that he brought with him today.” The Prince stated and Taehyung coughed as the other pirates in the room looked at him in betrayal.

“Ah, yes I am.” Jungkook kicked Taehyung from under the table.

The Ghost Prince narrowed his eyes at Taehyung. “Does your Captain know that you go around spreading rumors about him?”

“Don’t worry, uh, sir, he is well aware.” Jungkook stuttered out, still in obvious awe. 

The Prince sat back in his chair. “He is soft on you both. Very interesting."

Jungkook scrunched up his nose in a grin. “He’s really a good person if you aren’t on his bad side.”

“I’m pretty sure the entire world is on his bad side.” The Prince grumbled and Taehyung laughed so hard he almost knocked over his drink.

“You’d be right about that!”

“You two can call me Min if you want, the title of a Prince is a bit much, don’t you think?” The Ghost Prince said and Taehyung and Jungkook stared in disbelief.

Why was the pirate telling them to call him a nickname? Jungkook vividly remembered his Captain being pissed off that the Prince had refused to give him any information.

“Min? Is that your name?” Jungkook whispered, he felt as though this information was confidential.

Nobody knew anything personal about the Ghost Prince.

“Sure. Your Captain was

to know, but it is way too fun to mess with him.” 

Taehyung chuckled. “You’re really cool, Min.”

“Don’t tell your Captain you think so or he might throw you overboard.”

Jungkook and Taehyung winced at the thought, but both knew Hoseok cared too much about them to actually get that mad.

They said their farewells to the prince and decided to make their way back to the ship. The curfew was usually midnight and it was reaching that time.

“Do we tell Captain that we met the Prince?” Taehyung asked on their way back. 

“It’s better we tell him, than him finding out in the future.” Jungkook shuddered. 

“He’s actually really nice.” Jungkook tried to say, but Hoseok was not having it.

“You got close with the enemy behind my back.” Hoseok glared at the gunner and surgeon.

“He started talking with us, not the other way around.” Taehyung complained.

Hoseok ran a frustrated hand through his hair. “Did he at least tell you anything useful?”

The boys perked up, glancing at each other from the corners of their eyes. “He told us to call him Min!” Jungkook explained and Hoseok raised an eyebrow.

“Min, huh? Namjoon, does that ring any bells?”

Namjoon had a concentrated look on his face. “It is the surname of the royal family. I don’t know if he did that on purpose or not.”

“It must be a clue to his identity.” Hoseok thought out loud. “He probably knew the two of you were loyal enough to me to tell… He also knows Namjoon and must have thought he would hear about this also. But why is he giving us that type of clue?"

“I think he is trying to say that he worked with me when I was at the palace.” Namjoon spoke and the rest of them nodded. “There also must be a reason he always wears that damn mask.”

Hoseok’s eyes widened. “Ah! He did not wear the mask when we were with the oracle… Now I wish I had brought you with me… His face does look a bit familiar, but I can’t put a place to it.” 

“Maybe you met him one of the times I went to the market?” Namjoon asked and Hoseok nodded. 

“That must be it… Although he didn’t say he recognized

Perhaps he was one of the palace guards that would follow Min Yoongi everywhere?"

Namjoon hummed, trying to think back to his days at the palace and shook his head. “I can’t think of anyone he would be. I knew the faces of the guards quite well, although it had been so long and he must have been a teenager back then."

Hoseok sighed. “Alright, well, let’s get out of here. I’m thinking we should head back to Hanyang to gather information on him, maybe stop at Jeju on the way. There is someone there that I have not seen in quite some time."

The crew nodded and started getting everything ready. Jimin walked over to Hoseok. 

“Captain, don’t you think we should consider what the oracle said? You didn’t even tell the rest of the crew…”

Hoseok looked down at Jimin and put his hands on his hips. “It is unimportant.”

“She said there is going to be a threat to the entire ocean.”

“Bullshit. We’ll figure it out if we need to, but it doesn’t sound reasonable at the moment.”

Jimin nodded slowly and went over to where Taehyung was gathering the ropes. He figured he wouldn’t push the Captain, but something at the back of his mind bothered him about what the oracle had said. 

Min Yoongi had left the port only a couple hours before Jung Hoseok. He decided he would sail to Jeju for the first time in a few years to see if there was any news of his father. It was close to Hanyang, but not to the point where people would. recognize him. However, he still needed to be extra careful when he visited Jeju. It may have been five years since he ‘died’, but he knew that his face was one many would recognize in that area.

“San.” Yoongi called out and the ghost of his quartermaster appeared right on cue. “I would like you to search the underworld and ask around to see if there had been any disruption going on over the seas that might have been unannounced. The oracle said there is a threat and it’s better we figure out what that will be sooner than later.”

San nodded at Yoongi and smirked. “It would be my pleasure. Could I bring Wooyoung along? It might be easier if there are two of us.”

Yoongi laughed. “I figure you would bring him anyway so go ahead.”

San thanked the Captain and disappeared back to the underworld. 

Sure, Yoongi could summon any ghost at ease, but that did not mean they would stay on the ship. Most of the time they kept to themselves in the underworld unless they were needed.

It had been a long time since Yoongi had any friends. He would say Namjoon is the only actual friend he had in his entire life. Yoongi did have a younger brother, but they hadn’t been close at all. Yoongi had always been busy training to be King while his brother was off doing other things.

Yoongi did feel a bit bad suddenly leaving, knowing that his younger brother would be expected to replace him immediately. Yoongi had always thought that the younger one would have been a better king anyway.

“Seonghwa.” Yoongi called out to one of his other crew members. 

“Yes, your highness?” 

Yoongi sighed at the name. He had told the crew on countless occasions to call him Captain, but old habits did stick. “Do you think you can be the lookout for me today? Something the oracle said made me think we should be a bit more careful while we sail.”

Seonghwa nodded and disappeared before appearing up on top of the crows nest. 

Yoongi decided to have Seonghwa and Mingi switch out positions every few hours and let them bring up any of the other crew members they would like to keep them company. 

Yoongi maintained the direction of the ship and after about five days, they were a few hours off from Jeju island when Seonghwa suddenly called out from the crows nest.

“Possible hostile ship headed our way at an alarming speed!” 

“Shit.” Yoongi cursed under his breath and summoned the rest of the crew. Mingi disappeared down to the Artillery to man the cannons with the rest of the gunners.

“Your Highness, this ship is coming on way faster than a normal ship would.” Seonghwa yelled down again. 

“San, I’m going to need you to back me up if they come on the ship.” Yoongi yelled out to the quartermaster.

True enough, the ship was speeding through the waters at an unnatural speed when Yoongi finally saw it. 

Waves sloshed around the edges, spraying sea salt everywhere and veiling the hostile ship in a mist.

“I don’t recognize their flag…” He muttered then his eyes widened in fear when he realized the ship was not planning on stopping. “Fuck! Hold on to something they are going to hit us head on!” 

Yoongi desperately tried to steer the ship so the collision wouldn’t be as detrimental, but it was too late. 

The ship shot canons at them, hitting them directly. 

Yoongi heard it immediately as it happened, the ship started sinking slowly after making loud creaking noises.

“Mingi! Shoot at them! Get the explosives ready!” Yoongi screamed watching as the deck caught on fire as another cannon hit them directly. “Shit, shit, shit.” 

The ship started circling them, not hitting them like Yoongi thought they would. Huge waves suddenly came up around the Scythe and Yoongi knew the ship was doomed. 

A wave hit his back and sent him flying until he smacked into a wall. He steadied himself before calling out to his crew.

“Yeosang, get the lifeboat ready!” Yoongi knew there was no way he would be even able to reach the hostile ship with the speed it was circling around them with. “Who the fuck is the Captain of that ship? How are they doing that?” 

All of the Scythe’s cannons missed the other ship and Mingi appeared at Yoongi’s side. 

“Your Highness, we can’t hit them! I think they’re somehow controlling the sea!”

“Fuck! Prepare to sink!”

Cannons continued to hit all sides of their ship and everything was catching on fire around them. 

The smoke was filling up his lungs and Yoongi started coughing, desperate to not pass out.

Yoongi didn't even notice when the hostile ship started sailing away because by that point, anything they tried would be futile. 

“Your highness! You need to get on the raft right now!” Hongjoong yelled at him and Yoongi did not want to leave his ship. “You have to! You will not live if you stay on here!”

“Fuck, Hongjoong, fine!” Yoongi rasped and let Hongjoong lead him to the raft as the rest of the crew disappeared into the underworld at Yoongi’s command. 

The ‘raft’ was a

tiny wooden row boat

with two ores on either side. Hongjoong sat across the boat from Yoongi as they started rowing out and a tear rolled down Yoongi’s cheek as he watched his ship sink into the ocean.

He had worked so hard to get to this point and now he was just watching it sink to the bottom of the sea while smoke billowed up above it, causing a haze to form above the water.

“Jeju is about three hours away if we sailed so I think maybe it will take us about ten if we start now.” Hongjoong decided and Yoongi groaned.

“I should have just drowned with the damn ship.”

Hongjoong frowned at Yoongi. “If you do that, who is going to get revenge on the king?”

“That’s the only reason I agreed to come on this fucking row boat.”

They were silent for about an hour before Yoongi got to thinking. “Mingi said it looked like they were controlling the sea.”

Hongjoong nodded sorrowfully. “I am afraid so. Seonghwa said the same thing.”

“How the fuck is that even possible?” 

“Do you think this is the threat the oracle had been talking about?” Hongjoong suddenly asked and Yoongi gasped.

“You’re right. This must be it. There’s no way a ship we have never heard of before could suddenly take

out. It must have been planned in advance.”

Yoongi leaned back on the boat in thought. Who had been the Captain of that ship and where did they get that power from?

“Your Highness, there’s a ship coming towards us.”

Yoongi looked up with surprise and then sighed when he realized who the ship belonged to. “Of course it would be

This is so embarrassing.”

They were about two hours from Jeju island when Taehyung called down to Hoseok from the crows nest.

“There’s a small wooden boat floating around! Should we check and see if there’s anyone on it? They might need help, it could have something to do with that fire we saw earlier.”

Hoseok agreed. He did not particularly care if the people on the boat needed help, but he was curious about how they might have gotten in that situation.

When they got close enough, Hoseok looked over the rail to see if there was anyone alive in the boat. “Hello? Anyone down there?” 

Hoseok scowled when he saw who it was and then burst out into laughter. 

“Don’t laugh, you bastard.” The Ghost Prince said from below him.

“Dear Prince, you look pathetic.” Hoseok was keeling over in his laughter.

“Are you going to invite me on your damn ship or should I continue my eight hour journey to Jeju Island?” The Prince asked, glaring up at the other Captain.

“I guess I will let you on only because I absolutely must know how you ended up in this situation. If you try anything, I will kill you immediately, though.” 

The Prince cursed under his breath all the while Hoseok threw a rope ladder over the side of his boat.

When he got up the rest of Hoseok’s crew was staring at him bewildered. The Prince huffed and crossed his arms over his chest.

“Min Yoongi?” Namjoon yelled out in shock when he finally got a good look at the Prince.

“Huh? Fuck, fucking..” Yoongi swore when he realized he wasn’t wearing his mask.

Hoseok raised an eyebrow. “Oh? What have we here?”

“Yoongi, is that seriously you?” Namjoon asked, his voice soft as he walked up to Yoongi, who tensed up and tried to back away from his old friend.

“I guess I have nothing else to lose now so yes, I am the presumed dead crown prince. Happy?” Yoongi continued to look warily at Namjoon.

A tear slid down Namjoon’s face as he pulled his old friend into a hug, oblivious to how the ex Prince was feeling. “Why didn’t you say anything when I saw you before? You look so different.”

“Nobody was supposed to know. Release me.” Yoongi spoke, voice cracking a bit.

Namjoon stepped back and looked at Yoongi fondly, expression faltering when he saw that his old friend was not feeling the same as him. He was about to speak when Hoseok interrupted.

“As touching as this all is, why the fuck were you stranded in the middle of the ocean?” 

Yoongi groaned, but was glad for a distraction from Namjoon.

“The threat the oracle spoke of. I came across it.” Yoongi said, voice serious.

“What? How do you know?” Hoseok leaned close with interest. 

“My crew thinks they were controlling the sea. They could move their ship much faster than normally possible and were able to control waves to help sink us.” Yoongi responded, leaning away from Hoseok.

“Control the sea?” Hoseok had a questioning look on his face.

“Correct, and I have never seen their flag before.”

Hoseok was deep in thought. “What of your crew?”

“Hongjoong was around until you showed up, the fucker left me, and the rest of them are in the underworld waiting for my command.”

“Captain.” Seokjin spoke up from behind Hoseok and everyone turned to look at him. “What if we joined teams with his crew?”

Hoseok turned to face Yoongi, scowling. “I will not work with this piece of shit.”

“If you come across this ship, I promise you would not stand a chance. My crew is made completely of ghosts that come at my will. If we team up, we will be unstoppable.” Yoongi noted and Hoseok cursed.

“You can stay until we reach Hanyang and then we will see where we go from there. You will sleep in the

with the rest of the crew and I will be your Captain. If there are no complaints, then we have a deal.” Hoseok put a hand out for Yoongi to shake.

Yoongi smirked and took his hand. “I do not want to work with you either, but we have no chance to destroy this ship otherwise. It is a pleasure doing business with you, Captain Jung Hoseok.”

Yoongi thought it was hilarious how stubborn Jung Hoseok was when it came to avoiding him. It had only been one day since they had been on the ship together, but Yoongi was just having so much

It was a good distraction from the nerves he faced when going back to Joseon. 

Everyone on the ship had been extremely curious as to why and how Yoongi had faked his death and become a pirate, but he had not been ready to talk about it yet. Nor did he want to talk to Namjoon yet either.

“Why are you just standing there? Do something useful. We are docking in a bit.” Hoseok brushed past Yoongi in a hurry and Yoongi decided to follow him.

Hoseok scowled when he realized, but didn’t say anything. He walked faster, trying to avoid the other pirate.

“I’m growing on you.” Yoongi teased and Hoseok stopped, glaring at him. 

Yoongi chuckled and continued to follow after Hoseok. He figured that if they were going to be on the ship together, they might as well try and get along. Yoongi was not particularly a big fan of Jung Hoseok either, but it would benefit everyone if they got along better.

Perhaps, it would also be good to learn Jung Hoseok’s weaknesses for future reference as well.

They arrived at Hanyang only a few hours later and Hoseok kept eyeing Yoongi. 

“I want you to stay with me since we are here. I do not trust you enough for you to go off on your own.”

“I knew I was growing on you.” Yoongi taunted the pirate Captain.

Hoseok narrowed his eyes, but didn’t say anything.

Yoongi knew he must have been fuming on the inside.

Yoongi knew that the palace wasn’t that close to where the port was, but he still wanted to keep as much of his identity hidden as possible.

“When was the last time you were here?” Namjoon asked Yoongi as everyone started walking off the ship. 

Namjoon wanted to find out as much as he could about his old friend, about the life he had walked out of.

Yoongi sighed, knowing it was inevitable that Namjoon would want to talk to him again.

“I think about four years ago? I came back a year after I had originally left and it was just so nerve wracking that I never wanted to come back again, although I was actually on my way over here when my ship was sunk.” 

Namjoon nodded in thought. “Was it hard for you to leave your parents?”

Yoongi could see that Hoseok was secretly listening and sighed. “You know that I never really got along with them… My mother preferred my younger brother much more and my Father wanted me to be someone I could not. You of all people should be aware that I had nobody in the castle, that I was all alone."

Namjoon shuffled his feet at the tension in Yoongi's voice.

“It is a shame. I think you would have been a good king.”

Yoongi laughed darkly. “Maybe so, but the palace would not have been ready for what I had planned. My brother is a better candidate in any sense. Besides, it is not like your opinion means anything to me.”

Namjoon nodded and decided that was enough prodding on the prince and left it. 

He was not entirely sure why the ex-prince suddenly had so much animosity towards him, but he supposed he might have been the same way.

Namjoon vividly remembered the way that Yoongi’s father had treated the poor ex crown prince, and none of it were good memories.

“Namjoon, you should not be around me and our lovely prince while we are here, palace guards might remember you and how you were friends with the Crown Prince and find it suspicious.” Hoseok spoke, sensing the bad atmosphere and Yoongi agreed.

“That is smart.” He replied slowly and Hoseok smirked, but strutted forward, chest puffed out confidently.

Namjoon said goodbye to them and went off to see where Jimin had gone. 

“Looks like it will just be us today.” Yoongi noticed and Hoseok ignored him. “Do you have anything you wanted to do while we were here?” 

“Originally I had wanted to see if anyone knew of your weaknesses, but I will save that for later times. Right now our new mission is to see what we can find out about this threat.” Hoseok finally answered.

“I do not have any weaknesses.” Yoongi chuckled.

“Well you had your ship sunk quite easily so I would not say so.”

“I can not tell if you are trying to be funny or not.”

The two pirates bickered all the way to the market but Yoongi stopped Hoseok and dragged him out of view.

“There are an abnormal number of palace guards around. Either one of my family members is here, or there is something happening.”

Hoseok turned to look back at the market and noticed that there were a lot of palace officials. “Good eye.”

Yoongi snorted. “We need to be careful. I think it is important for us to find out information here, but we can not let them see us. You are not particularly innocent in the eyes of the law, either.”

Hoseok nodded. “Let’s go.”

The two of them moved out from their hiding space and kept their heads down as they walked through the market. Hanyang was not kind to pirates and with names as big as Captain Hope and the Ghost Prince, it was bound to grab unwanted attention. 

Yoongi got annoyed as he realized that their attempts were futile with the way that Jung Hoseok dressed any place he went.

“Must you wear those bright red coats everywhere?” Yoongi whispered at Hoseok when he realized people were staring.

“I look good in red.” Hoseok whined and Yoongi figured he would not argue because it was correct.

Yoongi dragged Hoseok into a tavern where they would at least be out of sight from the guards. “Take the damn coat off.”

“No, don’t tell me what to do.”

Before they could start arguing (again) a shaky voice interrupted them. “Ah, welcome back Ghost Prince.” The owner said and Yoongi raised an eyebrow.

“Do I know you?”

“You were here a few years ago.” The man’s voice trembled slightly and he refused to make eye contact with either pirate. “I see you brought a friend? The, ah, C-Captain Hope.” 

my friend.” Hoseok complained. 

“S-Sorry, I will not assume next time. Let me get you started off with some drinks, now.” The man hurried off before he could even finish the sentence.

“Do you not realize how much more powerful we would be if people thought we were friends?” Yoongi deadpanned.

“I would rather cut off my own arm slowly than have people think we are friends.”

“So dramatic.” 

The owner came back with drinks. “Is there anything else I could do for you both?”

“Sit.” Yoongi said, gesturing to a seat across from him and Hoseok.

The poor owner nearly fell into the chair.

“Tell us everything you might have heard about a rogue pirate.” Hoseok leaned forward looking at the owner expectantly, who tried to look anywhere else.

Hoseok drummed his fingers over the table, looking closely at the owner.

“We will compensate you for your cooperation.” Yoongi continued, trying to at least make this man think they wouldn’t just kill him for no reason. 

“Ah well, most recently, I heard from another pirate that he had come across a ship that seemed to be well, magic. He said the ship was sailing much faster than it should have been.”

Yoongi and Hoseok exchanged knowing looks and Yoongi placed a bit of gold on the table. “Anything else?”

The man shook his head and Hoseok went to grab his sword, but Yoongi stopped him. “Are you fucking dumb? You can’t just kill people who don’t cooperate with you.”

Yoongi dismissed the owner who ran off and he turned to glare at Hoseok. 

“I wasn’t going to kill him! Just see if a little motivation would help get us more information.” Hoseok whined.

“I do not think he actually knows anything else, just leave it.”

Yoongi eyed the owner who was frantically talking to one of the workers who soon ran out of the tavern. “Shit. We need to leave.”

Hoseok leaned back in his chair. “Why? I told you not to command me.”

“I think the owner sent one of the workers to grab guards we need to

“Don’t be so uptight. I’m sure it is fine. Why on Earth would they send guards after two of the most powerful pirates?”

“Trust me, I know this place better than you ever could. We need to go now.” Yoongi pulled Hoseok up who was still resisting. “You can punish me later, just, let’s go.” 

Hoseok brushed off his coat carefully and sighed before they could hear yelling outside. His eyes widened. 

Yoongi grabbed his arm. “Get your sword out, now is a good time for that.”

Hoseok nodded without complaining this time and the two of them ran for the exit of the tavern coming face to face with about twenty palace guards.

The smile that adorned Hoseok’s face was almost sickening as he put his sword forward. “Go back to the ship and I will meet you there later.” Hoseok said before charging into the group of guards.

“Absolute idiot.” Yoongi muttered before following Hoseok and ignoring his words of advice. 

All of the rumors Yoongi had ever heard about Hoseok were true, the man was ruthless. He tore through the guards with his sword like butter as if it were the easiest thing in the world. Not only that, but he looked absolutely gorgeous doing it. He barely left Yoongi any room to fight as he was able to take on all of them no problem. The way he moved around was one similar to a dancer. His footwork was immaculate and he twirled around the guards with as much ease as a trained palace dancer.

“Fuck…” Yoongi muttered in awe. He managed to fight his own guards off with similar ease, but the way Hoseok did it could be described as a work of art. Yoongi had been trained to fight since he was a child, it was just a chore he had to do. Hoseok fought like it was the most exhilarating thing he had ever done in his entire life. 

It wasn’t long before Hoseok had killed all of the guards that had come after them. He had blood smeared all over his hands and face and Yoongi realized in that moment why

Hoseok loved the color red so much. 

He looked like a dream. 

Hoseok turned to face Yoongi and tilted his head. “Why are you still here? I told you to go back to the ship.” 

“I didn’t want to leave you to fight all these guards alone…” Yoongi said weakly, unable to take his eyes off Hoseok’s face. 

Hoseok laughed. “Alright, well, we can head back now then. Before more guards come, at least.”

Yoongi nodded dumbly and let Hoseok lead him back to the ship.

“Are you alright? Did they hurt you?” Hoseok did not look very concerned and Yoongi thought he might have only been trying to make conversation. 

“Oh, I am alright. I was trained to fight since I was a child, you know.”

“Mm, I forgot. Crown Prince duties and all.”

Yoongi huffed and tried to ignore the feelings that he was starting to have towards the younger. He had sworn off having romantic feelings for anyone since Namjoon left. The heartbreak he had felt when his first crush disappeared in the night to never return tore Yoongi’s heart in two. The feeling that the one person he had fallen in love with hated him and was disgusted by him. He never wanted to go through that again. So he ignored the way his heart was pounding and told himself it had to do with the fact that he had just been in a fight. 

“Are you sure you are alright? Taehyung can take a look at you when we get back. Your face is a bit red.” 

“I’m fine.” Yoongi tried his best to convince both Hoseok and himself.

They left nearly as soon as Hoseok and Yoongi got back to the ship. Everyone else had already been there after hearing about guards going after the two of them. 

Yoongi went immediately down to where the bunks were, deciding to rest. He had barely noticed Namjoon following in after him. 

“The Captain told me to check on you.” 

Yoongi scowled. “Why does he even care? Why do you?"

Namjoon laughed softly and sat by Yoongi. “He mentioned that it was his fault you both got attacked. I think he feels bad. And of course I care, I have always cared about you."

“He’s capable of that emotion?” Yoongi ignored the last part of what Namjoon said, anger and sadness filling him. 

“Our Captain has a hard exterior, but a kind heart. I think you already realize that and don’t want to admit it. You are very similar to him and I believe that is why the two of you have clashed.”

Yoongi sighed, but didn’t say anything.

Namjoon finally decided it was time to address the elephant in the room. “I felt bad about leaving you every single day, you know. When I had heard you died I started blaming myself. I had thought that if I never left I could have done something to protect you. I mourned your death for nearly a year before Hoseok told me to just get over it, there was nothing I could have done.” Namjoon spoke softly at Yoongi’s side. “Pirate life suits you, though. You never did like being cooped up in the palace.” 

“Namjoon.” Yoongi finally turned to look at him. “Did you know I had feelings for you?”

Namjoon gaped slightly at Yoongi. “What?”

“I had romantic feelings for you and you broke my heart.”

“Yoongi, I didn’t know.”

“I’m obviously over it now. I just… It hurt a lot. I thought maybe you found out and thought I was disgusting and that is why you left.”

“I would never love you less for your attraction to men…” 

“It’s fine… I used to hate myself for it. Then I realized there was no reason for me to try and repress it anymore.”

“Is that why you left?” Namjoon questioned his friend, wondering if it was his fault.

“No. There was much more to me leaving the palace. What happened with you was just a small reason.”

“If it is any consolation, I have feelings for not only Seokjin, but Jimin as well.”

Yoongi raised an eyebrow. “You could not be satiated with only one man, but you need two as well?” Then he laughed at the incredulous look on Namjoon’s face. “I’m joking with you. Do they know how you feel? If there is anything I learned, it is to not let feelings build up until there is nothing left you can do.”

“They do not know. I will think about what you said, though. I will leave you to rest now. Just know that nobody on this ship would ever hate you for who you are attracted to.”

Yoongi nodded and Namjoon got up to leave. 

Yoongi supposed he could forgive Namjoon for the past, they were kids back then, but he still wasn't sure that the hole Namjoon had created in his heart would ever be filled.

Yoongi had ended up napping for a few hours and woke up in the middle of the night. He looked around to see all of the other crew members sleeping near him. 

He decided to walk up to the deck of the ship and stay there until he was tired so as to not wake up anyone else with him shuffling around on his bunk.

Yoongi had always enjoyed looking at the stars from his old ship. He had so much alone time back then that he had found company in the night sky and in the sea below.

He moved to the edge of the ship to look over the rail and listen to the way the waves lapped at the side of the ship. 

There was something so therapeutic in the slightly salty smell of the sea that he had always enjoyed. That and the way the stars reflected off of the water, looking like a painting that had been slightly smudged over.

“You’re awake?” A quiet voice said from behind him and Yoongi turned to see Hoseok walking over to where he was standing.

“I napped for too long. What about you?”

Hoseok chuckled. “I have trouble sleeping after I fight. It gets me a little excited.”

Yoongi tried to ignore the way his palms started sweating when Hoseok stood next to him. “You are an amazing swordsman. Not even the palace guards I grew up with would be able to compare to what I saw you manage today.”

Hoseok grinned, his face only lit up from the light of the stars. “I would say the same for you, but I was too distracted to watch.”

“Complimenting me now? Careful or I will start to think we are friends.”

“I…” Hoseok started, not looking at Yoongi. “We could try, maybe, to be friends.”

Yoongi ignored the way his heart raced, or how weak his knees felt. “Why the change of heart?”

Hoseok scrunched his nose. “I feel a bit bad for how I have treated you. Maybe I am only saying this because of the post fighting high, but I do not think you are necessarily a bad person. I am willing to try getting along with you.” Hoseok blushed slightly before the next part. “I wanted to apologize for threatening the bar owner and getting him to call the guards on us.” 

Yoongi huffed. “If you are kind to me from now on, then I can not see a reason to complain. I accept your apology.” 

The two of them were quiet for some time, letting the waves speak for them instead.

“Do you watch the stars often?” Hoseok finally broke the silence and Yoongi looked over at him, the pirate Captain’s face soft as he looked down at the ocean beneath them.

Yoongi looked up at the sky. “Running a ghost pirate ship wasn’t as exciting as you might think. They only showed up when I needed them. It became hard to sleep, it was always so quiet.”

Hoseok nodded. “It must be a stark difference now sleeping around six others.” 

Yoongi grinned. “Would you believe me if I said I like the company? I grew up in a place where I wasn’t allowed to have friends, Namjoon being the only exception because of how stubborn I was. Having people around that aren’t there just to do their jobs is a bit nice.”

“You seem like the type to secretly like attention.” Hoseok chuckled. 

“I will not agree or disagree with you on that.”

“You should try to sleep, Yoongi. It is not good to form unhealthy sleep routines.”

“Is this your way of trying to get rid of me? I just got up here and do not feel like leaving yet.”

Hoseok sighed. “Okay, in that case, tell me about life at the palace. I am so curious.”

“There is honestly not much to say. Life was so boring. I did not get along with anyone in my family and after Namjoon left I had no other friends. Would you believe me if I said I turned to necromancy to curb my loneliness?”

“Oh, yes, I would imagine ghosts can grant so much company.” Hoseok replied sarcastically.

“At a palace where I am not allowed to do anything, yes, I think so.”

The two of them stood silently next to each other for a moment, taking in the sounds of the ocean.

“What is your favorite part about sailing?” Hoseok asked, surprising Yoongi.

“This is really weird, but I love when the whales come close to the surface and you can hear their song. It is very relaxing.”

Hoseok hummed at that, pausing before what he said next. “Since you shared a bit about your life, I’ll let you in on a bit of mine. I never got along with my father, to be honest. I have found a family in my crew, all of us coming from unfavorable pasts but finding love in each other.”

“Your father? As in Ares?”

Hoseok grimaced. “Yes. He has met me only once in my entire life, just to tell me I was worthless and shouldn’t even call myself his son.” 

“I guess we have that in common, then. Our fathers both hate us.”

Hoseok laughed and Yoongi marveled at his heart-shaped smile. “I became a pirate because I wanted to prove to my father that I am a better man than he could ever be. At first I thought I wanted to get his attention and show him that I am worth being his son, but then I realized that I just wanted to be better than him.”

Yoongi thought about that for a moment. “I became a pirate because one day I want to be powerful enough where I could go to the palace and take revenge on my father for stealing my childhood.” 

“So we both despise our fathers, good to know.” Hoseok grinned and Yoongi felt at ease. “I think I feel calm enough to sleep now, you should do the same, Min Yoongi.”

Yoongi quietly watched as Hoseok retreated to the Captain’s quarters. Maybe having feelings for Jung Hoseok wouldn’t be such a bad thing after all.

The next morning, Hoseok gathered everyone around to discuss future plans. Now that Hoseok wasn’t looking at Yoongi like he was a blemish on the face of the Earth, Yoongi was able to start really appreciating his facial features. 

“So the only consistent thing we know so far about this rogue pirate is that they somehow can control the speed of their boat. Does anyone know how that could be possible?” Hoseok looked at each of his crew and noticed that Jimin seemed uncomfortable.

Hoseok gestured for Jimin to speak.

“Magic would not be able to control the sea.” Jimin started, looking at his hands. “The sea has a mind of her own and does not like to be told what to do. The only reasonable answer I can come up with is that the person driving that ship is a child of the ocean.” 

“What do you mean?” Hoseok looked at Jimin in concern, Yoongi could tell how much he cared about each of his crew members. 

It wasn’t that he hadn’t noticed before, but he hadn’t exactly paid attention. Jung Hoseok treated each and every member of his crew as if they had a little piece of his heart.

“I mean that… Whoever is the Captain of that ship must be a child of Poseidon.” Jimin continued nervously.

“Impossible.” Hoseok argued. “A child of Poseidon would not go unknown. Especially a half siren like you should know about it.”

“I have not swam the ocean on my own since I was a child. Sea creatures are good at keeping secrets from humans to protect the waters.”

“Jimin. How comfortable would you be swimming?” Hoseok looked at the siren in careful understanding.

“I, I have to think about it.” Jimin muttered. “I am going to excuse myself.”

The siren bowed and went down to the lower parts of the ship. Namjoon and Seokjin got up and followed behind him. 

Taehyung sighed. “Thank you for being kind to him, Hoseok. You know how hard it is for him.” 

After everyone had gone to their respective duties, Yoongi went over to Hoseok.

“I will not push if this is too far, but why does Jimin not swim?”

Hoseok ran a hand through his hair, his eyes far away. “I found Jimin about a year after I had set sail. He was being sold in Shanghai.”

“Sold?” Yoongi asked aghast.

“Yes.” Hoseok hissed in anger, not directed at Yoongi. “He had been captured out of the water as a child and put into slavery. And not laborious slavery, you know. Once his abuser found out he was not a full siren, the man had been disgusted and decided to sell him on the streets. Jimin was only fifteen when I found him. I didn’t even think twice before killing the man after he told me all of this and taking Jimin to my ship.” 

Yoongi noticed the tears that threatened to fall from Hoseok’s eyes, and his words were a bit broken.

“He was so scared. It took him almost a year before he opened up to us and even longer before he trusted us as his friends. He sees us as family now, but it really took awhile for him. He hasn’t gone in the water since he was captured. I think he fears that he will lose us if he goes back in. He’s… Jimin is the sweetest person I’ve ever met and the universe has just been horrible to him. I would never want him to do something if he wasn’t okay with it.”

Yoongi placed a comforting hand on Hoseok’s shoulder, squeezing. “You saved him.”

Hoseok shook his head, a stray tear sliding down his cheek. “It’s very cliche, but this whole crew were the ones who saved me. They have made me a better person which is why I’m so protective of them.”

Yoongi nodded. “You’re amazing, Hoseok.” 

Hoseok grinned through the tears. “What kind of pirate am I for crying in front of another Captain?”

“I do not think either one of us is a traditional pirate.”

Hoseok chuckled. “I suppose so, Prince.”

Jimin did not reappear until dinner that night. They were all sitting at a table near the kitchen when he walked in, suddenly.

“I will do it.” Jimin announced as quickly as he had arrived.

Hoseok stood up in protest. “Jimin, you can have more time to think about this. It’s a huge decision.”

Jimin shook his head. “I think I need to. It might help me get over my fear of the waters and reconnect with the side of me I had lost.”

Hoseok pursed his lips. “If you are sure, then I am okay with it. Just, I do not want you to stray far from the ship. If

threatens you, you need to return immediately.”

Jimin smiled at Hoseok and turned to the rest of the crew. “I will do anything if it helps protect you all.”

“I want you to sleep on it, still, and we can prepare for you to go out tomorrow morning.” Hoseok decided and Jimin agreed. 

Yoongi, who was sitting next to Namjoon, nudged him. Namjoon looked at Yoongi, knowing exactly what the other wanted of him. 

“Jimin, I need to talk to you after we eat.” Namjoon said and Jimin looked surprised. 

“Okay? Yes. After we eat, let's talk.”

Yoongi gave Namjoon a reassuring look while the other looked like he was going to jump out of his own skin. 

“What is going on with Jimin and Namjoon?” Hoseok had cornered Yoongi after dinner. 

“So now that we are friends, you think I am going to share all my secrets?”

Hoseok looked smug. “If it is about Namjoon’s feelings for Jimin and Seokjin then I am already aware.”

Yoongi rolled his eyes. “If you know then why are you asking?”

“So Namjoon is going to confess?” Hoseok continued to press Yoongi.

“I suppose he will only confess to Jimin tonight, but it is a step in the right direction for the three of them.”

Hoseok grinned. “Ah, my kids are finally getting all together.”

“Seokjin is older than you.”

“Irrelevant. Did you notice that Taehyung and Jungkook have feelings for each other as well? They think I don’t know.” 

“Hoseok, why are you telling me all of this?”

“Well you don’t know the ship gossip so I decided to do you a favor.” 

“What about you, then? Do you have anyone?” Yoongi tried to ask as casually as possible.

“All I need is the ocean and my right hand.”

“That is disgusting.”

“My only love is for the sea.” 

“I have decided that I do not want to know about your romantic life any further.”

Hoseok cackled at the look on Yoongi’s face. “I did not take you as a prude! It must be what happens when you are raised alone in the palace. I am guessing you don’t have anyone either?”

Yoongi glared. “No.”

Hoseok pouted at Yoongi. “Come on-! You asked me first, I have the right to know as your Captain.”

“I have duties to attend to. See you later, Captain.” 

Hoseok continued laughing as Yoongi walked off, thinking that Yoongi looked so cute when he was flustered. 

Jimin thought he might be the worst siren in existence. What kind of sea creature is scared of swimming? It didn’t help at all that he felt as if the ocean was constantly calling out for him. A part of him had been missing since he had been captured. Jung Hoseok might be the most feared pirate in Asia, but to Jimin he was an angel. 

When Hoseok had taken Jimin to his ship, Jimin had thought the worst was to come and he fought for his life. He had thrashed, bit, scratched the pirate, but nothing worked. The man had held on to Jimin and swore he would do anything in his power to help him.

All Jimin knew of humans was that they were evil and Jimin despised his human half. 

“If you do not wish to stay on my ship, you can swim away and we will leave you alone.” Hoseok had said back then after bringing Jimin onto the deck of the ship. 

Jimin had looked toward the water and shivered, not even able to make himself touch the ocean. “What will you do to me if I stay?” Was the first thing Jimin ever said to Hoseok and the pirate had grinned. 

“Well, I think you would make a wonderful crew member. Nobody will force you to do anything you do not want to do. This crew is a family made up of outcasts.”

Jimin stared at the man in disbelief. The pirate was patient with him. Jimin knew that if he ever needed to, he could just jump over the side of the ship and swim away. Jimin glanced over to the side of the ship where the ocean met the wood. “I will stay, but that does not mean I trust you. I am not your family.”

“Anyone who is a crew member becomes my family. I may not be family to you yet, but you are now mine.”

Nine years later, Jimin was staring into the ocean, his family standing behind him. 

“Jimin, you seriously do not need to do this.” Hoseok was saying and Jimin turned to give him a smile. 

“It will help us all. I, I want to do this. I think I need to do this.” Jimin took Hoseok into a hug and the pirate tried to hold back his tears. 

“Thank you for being my older brother.” Jimin said softly in his ear. “I will go now.” 

Jimin looked over at Namjoon and gave him a reassuring smile. “I will not be gone forever, nor will I stray far away. If anything endangers me, I will come back up to the ship.” 

Namjoon nodded. Jimin stood on his toes to kiss the older one on his cheek. 

Jimin looked over the edge of the boat into the sea. To him it looks as if the water was ready to swallow him whole, drag him down in its depths and suffocate him until he could breathe no longer. Oh, the irony of a siren fearing the sea. 

Jimin stripped himself of his shirt, tossing it to the side.

“Please do not leave me.” He whispered before jumping off the edge of the boat and into the sea. 

He let the water take him, deeper and deeper. His body felt limp as the sea called his name, taking him as her own again. 

He finally opened his eyes to see his legs had been replaced with his shimmering gold tail in which he had not seen since he had been the age of five. He noticed his long locks floating around his face and saw that they had gone from the black color he had kept dying since arriving on the ship, to his natural gold color. Jimin swished his tail to get a feel for it before swimming back to the surface. When he reached the top he saw his family looking down at the water from the edge of the boat and Hoseok yelled out to him when he spotted Jimin.

Jimin smiled and showed off his tail to everyone while they cheered him on. He laughed so hard for the first time in ages before giving a final wave and going back under. 

“He’s gone.” Hoseok murmured when they could no longer see Jimin.

“He will always return back to us.” Namjoon assured everyone, even though he was just as worried about the siren.

“Where to now, Captain?” Jungkook asked after a few hours. Hoseok had gone into his quarters to mull over maps and had finally returned. 

“Well, I still think we need to learn more information about this ship before we scout it out, so I figure we should stop at another popular port. Does anyone have any objections to Shanghai?”

Nobody responded so Hoseok nodded. “Perfect. Yoongi, come with me for a moment.”

Hoseok led him into his quarters and pointed to a map of Asia. “Can you tell me exactly where you were attacked?”

Yoongi pointed to a spot near Jeju. “It was around here. I did not see the pirates that had been on the ship, however.”

Hoseok hummed in thought and Yoongi looked around the room. It was pretty comfortable looking and spotless as though Hoseok cleaned daily. It was no surprise to Yoongi that the color scheme seemed to revolve around gold and red. 

Hoseok stared at his maps in focus. Yoongi almost couldn’t look away from the other's face.

“Why are you staring at me like that?” Hoseok looked back over at Yoongi.

“You look funny when you think so hard. Would you like to share what is on your mind?”

Hoseok sat down in a chair that was next to his desk. “I am thinking about how we know nothing of these pirates. We think one might be a child of Poseidon and that is all the information we have. In one part of mind I am thinking that I need to destroy this ship before they can take my position. In another part, I am thinking that I must protect my family.” 

Yoongi leaned back against the desk. “Before I had met you, I thought you were just as the rumors said. A ruthless Captain that has not a single care for anyone but himself. They say you do not have a single weakness, but Jung Hoseok, after being on this ship for only a week or so, I have figured it out.”

Hoseok let out a breathy laugh and looked up at Yoongi. “Yeah? What is it?”

“You would rather die than let a member of your crew die instead. People are more likely to come for you directly, when in reality, it would be easier to kill you if you get to the crew first.”

“What will you do now that you know?”

Yoongi grinned at the man sitting below him. “Believe it or not, I don’t actually want you dead anymore.”

Hoseok raised an eyebrow. “No?”

“You’re not so bad, Captain. You just need to hope that nobody else learns this side of you.”

Hoseok sighed. “I do not suppose I ever disliked you too much. I was more annoyed by you, I don’t trust this easy. Possibly, you being close to Namjoon made it easier for me to let my guard down around you. Although, you have this type of personality that clicks with me nicely and it was not hard to find myself around you so much and enjoying your company. There is only so much to do on a pirate ship. Having you around is almost a breath of fresh air.”

Hoseok paused to make eye contact with Yoongi and licked his lips nervously. “It’s not hard for me to see you as part of this family, either.” 

Yoongi’s eyes widened slightly, but he tried not to look too surprised. “Wait, what?”

“Yoongi. If something happens to me during this quest, I have a request.”

“Yoongi, let me finish. If I die, I need you to look after everyone in my stead. You cannot let my death cause them to become shells of people. They need to live on even without me.”

Yoongi had no way to respond. His mouth agape slightly as he just stared at Hoseok with a blank expression. 

“Also you are not allowed to force my ghost up here, no matter what anyone says to you. They need to move on and having me around after my death will never help them.”

“Hoseok… Why are you talking like this?” 

“I need to be prepared. I do not think I have ever feared an enemy before now. If I die, you will replace me as Captain.”

Yoongi shook his head. “You aren’t going to die, fucking idiot.”

“Just promise me?”

“Fine, but you aren’t going to die either way. I will just go into the Underworld and beat you up.”

“I think Hades will already have that covered, but okay.” 

Yoongi rolled his eyes. “You better not have your crew hear you talking like this.”

“No, I think this side of me is only reserved for you.”

“Wow, I am so special.”

Hoseok laughed and looked back to his maps. “When we get to Shanghai, I want you to come with me again.”

“Think I am going to run off?”

“No, but I do think we work very well together. You were right when you said that we would be unstoppable as a team.”

Yoongi nodded. “We both have strong reputations. Especially after what happened in Hanyang.”

Hoseok reached a hand out towards Yoongi and Yoongi took it. “We are a team now, you and me. Let’s have each other's backs.”

Shanghai was more chaotic than usual. They had only just arrived, but there were so many other ships docked there as well. 

Hoseok and Yoongi stood on the main deck and shared a look of confusion. 

“Taehyung, Jungkook. Come here for a moment.” Hoseok called out to the two pirates who had been fooling around on the poop deck. They came scurrying over excitedly. Hoseok turned back towards the city in front of him. “The two of you need to go undercover for me and get information out of people not only about the other ship, but what people have been saying about me as well. I need you two to spread rumors that the Ghost Prince and I have joined teams.”

Jungkook bounced with excitement. “Aye, Captain! That is what we are best at, isn’t it?”

Hoseok chuckled. “Finally I have found a use for your love of gossip. Go off, don’t get in trouble. Get back to the ship by sundown.”

Taehyung and Jungkook ran off the ship.

“Where should we start?” Taehyung asked after they had gotten into the city which was overflowing with pirates. 

“Well the taverns are an obvious starting place I think. Pirates and their alcohol intake…” Jungkook said and Taehyung agreed. “Wanna make a drinking game out of it?” 

“You’re on.” 

The two of them sprinted to the most crowded tavern they could find, already hearing voices yelling from the inside. 

Taehyung and Jungkook had been friends before they had known Hoseok, before they even considered the life of piracy. Taehyung came from a family of doctors and had a considerable amount of money. His father had gotten involved in gambling and ended up owing an exorbitant amount of money. They had gone so far in debt that his parents ended up selling Taehyung to an ambassador in Shanghai. He had only been a preteen at the time, but once the ship that had brought him over from Joseon to Shanghai had docked, Taehyung had stolen a butcher knife from the kitchens and had gone on a rampage, managing to kill his captors. 

Bloody and terrified, Taehyung had clutched the knife close and gone into the town. He did not know the language and threatened anyone who came too close. 

After a few days of not eating or drinking, he was nearly unconscious on a street corner, only having the knife in his hands. 

A young boy of ten years old had cautiously gone up to Taehyung with water and bread. “Please take this or you will die.” The boy had said in Chinese. 

Taehyung, not able to understand, had been shaking and could barely keep his eyes open, but the boy reached out with the bread to Taehyung who thought he would either die from starvation or if anyone had poisoned the bread so he just decided to take a bite and risk it.

When he realized he was not dying, he looked towards the water the boy was holding and snatched it out of his hands and downed what had been in the pot. 

“Careful, you are spilling it…” The boy said in Chinese and Taehyung frowned.

“I do not understand you, I’ve come from Joseon recently.” Taehyung replied and the boy gasped a little bit. 

“Oh! I moved here from Joseon only two years ago.” The boy switched languages easily and looked so excited that Taehyung smiled just a little bit for the first time in so long. 

“Thank you for helping me, you should go back to your parents before they get worried.”

The boy cocked his head to the side. “Nobody is looking for me, do not be worried. You are not the only one who does not have anyone. I just have gotten good at stealing. My name is Jungkook.”

Taehyung looked at the boy carefully. “I am Taehyung.”

Jungkook moved up next to Taehyung and sat next to him. “I am going to stay with you. It can be the two of us together for now on. I will teach you Chinese and how to survive on these streets.”

Taehyung weighed his options, not knowing if he should trust the boy but decided he had nothing to lose. “Okay.”

“What is going on in there?” Jungkook whispered to Taehyung as they stood outside the tavern.

Taehyung beckoned to Jungkook that they should start moving in. The two of them slipped in between the people in the tavern with stealth. 

They managed to work their way up to where everyone was standing around a man standing on a table shouting. “I swear on my life! This ship was controlling the waters! My entire crew saw it with our own eyes.”

Taehyung grabbed onto Jungkook’s wrist and gave him a look.

“You’re full of shit, Zitao.” Someone else called out from the crowd. 

“You can choose to not believe me and it will result in your death!” The man on the table yelled back.

“I heard that Captain Hope was asking about a pirate who could control the seas! Back in Hanyang!” Someone else around the table yelled and everyone turned to look at him. 

“I heard that too!” Jungkook said loud enough for everyone to hear him. 

“What's a kid like you know?” Another pirate spat and Taehyung glared.

“Me and my friend here were both there. We saw Captain Hope with the Ghost Prince.” Jungkook continued and whispers erupted from the crowd. The man from before spoke up again.

“I heard that too!”

Someone told Jungkook to continue. 

“The two of them are teamed up now. They both ride the same ship and have combined crews. They want to take down this rogue pirate ship together.” 

“What the fuck!” Someone screamed. “How the fuck is anyone supposed to survive on these seas now?”

“Wait, but is it not a good thing if they plan to take down this ship? Nobody should have any control of the ocean.”

“Shut up, think about it. The Ghost Prince must be Hades’ bastard child and Hope is already a son of Ares. There is a reason why these two have decided to partner up. They want to destroy us all.”

“They are gonna drag the rest of us down into the Underworld.”

“Well, fuck, I am gonna avoid that ship at all costs.”

Taehyung and Jungkook slipped away to grab drinks, leaving the pirates to speculate among themselves. 

“Okay what are the rules going to be today?” Taehyung whispered to Jungkook.

“You need to take a drink whenever someone mentions Captain.” Jungkook replied and Taehyung giggled. 

“Then you need to take a drink whenever someone says something that is not true.” 

Jungkook looked at Taehyung competitively and smirked. “It’s on. Winner gets all of what we can pickpocket tonight.” 

A few hours had passed before the two friends were plastered.

“Who the FUCK took my jewelry?” A pirate spat out suddenly and Jungkook cracked up. 

“Let’s get out of here!” He yelled at Taehyung and the older laughed with him. They ran out of the tavern and down the street, hearing the accusations of the pirates at each other in the tavern. 

“Kookie slow down!” Taehyung tried to say between his laughs and wrapped himself around the younger’s back.

“I’m not even moving!” Jungkook whined. 

“Oh.” Taehyung said, causing the two of them to start laughing hysterically all over again.

“W-who won the bet?” Jungkook asked and Taehyung groaned. 

“Let’s decide tomorrow. Whoever has the worst hangover.”

Jungkook giggled and turned to bury his head in Taehyung’s chest. “This was fun.”

“We should head back to the ship now, Kookie.” Taehyung sighed and took the younger's hand. 

Jungkook complained on the way back about wanting to stay out later, but Taehyung would much rather not get lectured by their Captain. Once the two of them got back to the ship, they curled up in Taehyung's bunk and fell asleep in each other's arms.

Hoseok and Yoongi had watched the two pirates run off the ship and into the crowd earlier in the day. 

“Where are we headed?” Yoongi asked after Taehyung and Jungkook were out of sight.

Hoseok bit his lower lip. “There is a person I would like to see. I think she might have information useful to us. Her name is Sunmi and she is a daughter of Athena.”

Yoongi nodded. “I do not know of her.”

“You wouldn’t. She tries her best to stay away from everyone else. It may take us a while to get there, though. She is on the outskirts of the city.”

Yoongi sighed. “Alright, let’s head out then.”

The two of them acquired horses from a stable boy (though Yoongi thought he gave the horses to them at such a low price because of how scared he seemed of Hoseok) and started making their way past the edge of the city. 

“You ride like how I imagine a Prince would.” Hoseok laughed from beside Yoongi who scowled. 

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” 

“It means you look so proper, unlike me who slouches.”

“Are you blaming me for your bad posture?”

Hoseok laughed. “Just noting how princely you are.”

After about an hour outside of Shanghai, Hoseok gave Yoongi a cue to dismount. “We are arriving.”

Hoseok tied a rope around the horses to a tree in order to keep them around. “She lives in a cottage by a pond over here.” 

Hosek led Yoongi into a wooded area and they came across a small home that Yoongi assumed belonged to Sunmi.

It was made with a light wood similar to birch and had a roof made of bamboo. Dried vines wrapped around the house, encompassing a large portion of it.

There was a small pond directly behind her house with a few ducks swimming about, possibly looking for fish to eat.

“Cousin!” Hoseok yelled as he banged on her front door, a red color with chips in the paint, which soon opened to a very irritated looking woman. She had long black hair and was wearing a neat robe but was completely barefoot.

“What the fuck are you doing here, Jung Hoseok, what part of ‘never come here again’ did you not understand? And you brought a guest, of course, of course.” She said irritably. 

Hoseok gasped dramatically. “We are family, dear cousin, now let me in your house.”

“Whatever.” Sunmi grumbled and gestured for them to follow her into the house. “Sit down at the table, I will prepare you some tea.”

“So hospitable. I knew you loved me.” Hoseok grinned and she shot him a look that said exactly the opposite.

“I have a feeling I know why you are here.” She spoke from the kitchen and Hoseok nodded.

“I knew you would. You always get the details before I do.” Hoseok whined.

“My mother visits often and never spares me of any detail that goes on in Olympus.” Sunmi said as she brought over a tray with tea.

“Your mother, as in Athena?” Yoongi asked intrigued. He did not know much of the gods and goddesses other than Hoseok and had just assumed none of the demigods had any type of relationship to their parents.

“Obviously. You must be the Ghost Prince.” She gave him a look up and down and scoffed. “Or should I say Crown Prince Min Yoongi?”

“Stop being so ominous. Sit down, we need to catch up.” Hoseok said before Yoongi could say anything at all. 

Sunmi sat down begrudgingly. “Tell me what you want because I honestly do not care as much to hear what you have been up to.”

“You are no fun. Anyways. Has your mother mentioned a child of Poseidon at all?”

Sunmi took a sip of her tea. “Ah, yes. She was so mad the last time she visited. Apparently Poseidon kept this girl cooped up as a secret in Atlantis for her whole life just because he did not want to risk Zeus pulling some dumb shit and killing her. Mother said the girl finally escaped and has a grudge against the gods or some bullshit. You should have heard how pissed off mother was. She told me all of Olympus is in absolute chaos after the news got out.”

“Why doesn’t Zeus just kill her now if she is causing so much trouble?” Yoongi asked and Hoseok’s eyes darkened. 

“He probably finds the situation hilarious.”

Sunmi nodded. “Exactly. Zeus does not want to kill her because the destruction she causes brings him joy for some fucked up reason, and Poseidon does not want to kill her because she is his daughter.”

Hoseok groaned. “Shit. She has lived underwater her entire life which must be why the sea trusts her so much.”

Sunmi hummed in confirmation. “Though I must say, your father has been boasting about your abilities to Poseidon and told him you are going to take down his daughter.” 

Hoseok jerked his head up. “Excuse me?”

“Mother told me he has made it some type of competition against you and this girl. He keeps saying how since you are his child, you are unstoppable.”

Hoseok glared at his cup of tea. “This is sure a fucked up way to show he cares about me.”

“Even better, the other gods and goddesses have placed bets on who is going to kill who between you and Hani.”

“Hani?” Yoongi questioned.

“Poseidon’s daughter.” Sunmi responded, taking another sip. 

Hoseok cursed. “This is seriously fucked.” 

Sunmi laughed to herself. “Mother places her bets on Hani, but I, as much as I hate to admit it, am hoping you destroy her first. She is a danger to the balance of the world and has already created such a rift. I might dislike you, my cousin, but I dislike this girl even more.”

Hoseok beamed at Sunmi. “You just don’t want to admit you love me, but that is okay. Do you mind if Yoongi and I stay the night? It has already gotten quite dark and I fear we may get lost on the way back to our ship.

“You are already here anyway, I suppose. There is a spare room you both can use.”

“Only one?” Hoseok laughed nervously.

“Will that be an issue?” Sunmi gave them both questioning looks. 

“You want us to share a bed?” Yoongi confirmed. 

“Well I assumed you were already involved in some type of way, but if one of you wants to sleep on the floor I truly do not care.”

Yoongi’s face turned red and he avoided Hoseok’s eyes. “We are not involved at all, but thank you for letting us stay, Sunmi. The accommodations are appreciated.”

The two Captains made their way to the room they would be sharing with an awkward silence following. 

“I do not mind sharing the bed if you also don’t mind.” Hoseok finally said when they made their way into the tiny room. “In all honesty it does not look as though there would be much room to sleep anywhere else, either way.”

“I don’t mind if you don’t mind. It does not have to be weird if we don’t make it weird.” Yoongi finally replied and Hoseok laughed.

The two of them got ready for the night, both taking turns in the bath. After about an hour they both got in bed and Hoseok decided to be annoying.

“What if I want to cuddle you all night?” He joked and Yoongi glared at him.

“Try it and you will meet Hades much faster than you had planned.”

“Min Yoongi, just be my little spoon for the night, I know you want to.” Hoseok teased lightly, poking Yoongi’s face.

Yoongi scowled at Hoseok who grinned at him. “What makes you think I would ever want to cuddle with you.”

“You are so adorable when you are pretending to be mad.” Hoseok cooed instead of responding. “Just tell me if you are uncomfortable and I will let go, but just for tonight, let me snuggle you.”

Yoongi sighed and curled up on the side of Hoseok. The younger man wrapped his arms around Yoongi and buried his face in Yoongi’s neck.

“Thank you for everything.” Hoseok said before finally falling asleep, leaving Yoongi in his own thoughts wondering if it were possible that Jung Hoseok might have feelings for him as well.

Jimin had been swimming for a few days by now. He easily was able to tell the ship was headed to Shanghai and followed a bit behind. 

He knew there was a colony of sirens near the Shanghai port and figured he would try to converse with them. Sirens had their own language so he didn’t need to worry about that type of barrier, however it would be noticeable to the other sirens how rusty he was. He hoped they would not ask why.

He could tell he was getting super close to where the colony began and was not surprised when he got stopped by a few guards.

Sirens were super territorial and protective of each other and did not trust foreigners coming into their space.

“Who are you and why are you here?” One of the guards questioned, holding a spear at Jimin.

“I am part of the colony off of Busan.” Technically not a lie, but they did not need to know how long it had been since he had been there. “I have come because I have been separated from my family and am making my journey back.” Half a lie this time. “I was wondering if I could rest here before continuing my journey?”

The guards eyed him suspiciously. “How long has it been since you were there? I mean no offense, but your accent is extremely strong.”

Jimin frowned. “I was captured by humans as a child and forced into slavery. I am trying to get my way back to my family.” 

This was also a huge lie because Jimin had no family to return to, but he knew sympathy might do the trick. Sirens have an intense hatred for humans and anything against them would get them to relent.

He could see the pity seeping onto their faces. “Ah, follow us. We are going to take you to the Queen.” 

Jimin nodded and followed the guards to where the royal family lived. Each colony of sirens had a royal family that governed and oversaw visitors. 

He was led to the palace where he saw a beautiful woman covered in jewels sitting on a throne. 

“This is Queen Yongsun.” A guard told him and Jimin swallowed down nervously. He bowed towards the queen, his tail swishing back and forth. 

The queen had long platinum blonde hair that fell by her waist. Her crown was silver and had rubies showing off around it. A long necklace with a large ruby at the end sat on her chest and she had silver waist jewels and bracelets lined up her arms. Her tail was a blood red color with silver undertones that glittered ever so slightly.

“It is a pleasure to meet you, Your Majesty. My name is Park Jimin.”

She looked at him, her eyes digging through him like daggers. “I hear you are trying to get back to Busan.”

Jimin shuddered. Her voice was like an electric shock. “Yes, ma’am.”

“I suppose I will let you stay. There is a guest house nearby and a caretaker that will be there for your needs. If you cause any type of funny business at all, I will run a trident through you myself.”

Jimin could barely look her in the eye with the amount of fear he felt. “Of course, Your Majesty.”

She shooed him away and Jimin swam off as fast as possible and let out a huge sigh of relief when he was far enough away. It had been too long since he had been near sirens and Jimin had forgotten how scary they could be when they wanted to.

The guest house was run by an older siren named Mei. 

“It has been so long since this guest house has been in use.” She told him as she served fresh crab.

Jimin had gotten so used to eating human food that the idea of just taking this crab and biting into it was so odd to him.

“Do not be afraid, I haven’t poisoned it.” Mei joked and Jimin let out a soft laugh.

“I have not been around other sirens in a very long time, forgive me.” He replied and she gave him a soft look. “If I may, I have some questions?”

The caretaker told him to continue and Jimin nodded. He figured he should just get the questions over with.

“The humans I had been around, well, they talked about a daughter of Poseidon. I thought that could not be, because I had heard nothing of it. Is there truly a daughter of the sea that has been born?”

Mei nodded solemnly. “Dear, do not repeat what I say as it is a taboo subject, but yes. Her name is Heeyeon but she goes by Hani. Poseidon kept her down here in the care of Atlantis, but it only fueled her hatred for him and other gods. He did not want her to leave, but she managed to. I have heard horror stories that she controls the minds of us sea people and makes us do her bidding.”

Jimin gasped. “She can control us?” 

“I suppose being around sirens for a while has taught her many tricks. She has mastered the art of our song and is using it for evil.”

Jimin pondered that thought. “Can she control humans as well?”

“We are not sure, but we know that her power is similar to those within the sea. We all live in fear that she will find us and take us hostage for her own bidding. She is heartless and merciless.”

Jimin wondered if she would be able to control him as he is half human. He decided not to mention that fact, as half humans are extremely rare and they might force him to leave or worse imprison him.

Jimin bowed to the caretaker. “Thank you so much, Mei. I will head off to sleep now as I have been traveling restlessly for some time.” 

Mei nodded and Jimin swam off to where he would be sleeping. Sirens did not use beds and would sleep on mounds of sand. There were a lot of things he did miss when it came to living in the ocean, but Jimin had liked the luxury of living as a human as well. 

He drifted off to sleep wondering what his crew was up to in Shanghai, a small tear slipping down his face when he realized how much he missed them.

Perhaps Yoongi should not have been as shocked as he was when he woke up to Hoseok’s arms around him. He had gone stiff as a board the moment he realized and maybe it was the tension that woke Hoseok up.

“I think your negative energy just woke me up.” The younger one grumbled into Yoongi’s back. 

Yoongi tried to even out his breathing and then turned to face Hoseok who was much closer than he would have liked. “Are you always this cuddly?”

Hoseok laughed softly and looked to meet Yoongi’s eyes with his own. “I am most certainly not.”

The two of them stared at each other for a moment, nobody wanting to speak in fear of what feelings their words might emote.

“We should get going, before the others worry for us.” Hoseok finally decided, starting to sit up from the bed. 

Yoongi turned to lay on his back and watched as Hoseok stood up and pulled on his red coat that he had put aside before going to sleep the night before.

“Are you aware of how good you look in red?” Yoongi spoke while stretching out before getting out of bed himself.

Hoseok turned to face Yoongi and grinned. “Obviously. I have to maintain my reputation as the most attractive pirate.”

Yoongi laughed and Hoseok loved the way his gums showed whenever he did so. “Hoseok, I am quite sure that is the only reputation you

Yoongi was lying, and both of them knew that.

Hoseok put his hands on his hips and stared at Yoongi who was now putting on his own long black cloak. “I suppose you might win over me in that aspect.”

Yoongi narrowed his eyes. “Are you saying I am more attractive than you?”

“The scar over your eye might do the trick.”

“You are so ridiculous.” Yoongi nudged Hoseok a bit before leaving the room and Hoseok laughed at the smaller’s retreating figure.

“I fed your horses while you two were still asleep.” Sunmi said once the two pirates came out of their room. She had a plate ready for the two of them to eat before they left. 

“It would make me a bad host to let you leave on an empty stomach.” She shot Hoseok a look before he could make a snarky remark.

Yoongi could feel her eyes watching him the whole morning and was not surprised when she asked to speak to him alone before they could leave.

Sunmi took Yoongi to a back room and stared at him with an unreadable expression. “Do you have feelings for Hoseok?” She finally asked and Yoongi’s eyes flitted around, avoiding hers. “So skittish for a pirate.”

Yoongi frowned. “Would it be a bad thing if I did?”

Sunmi smirked at him, Yoongi could not help but think she was intimidating. “He and I were close as children, before I moved to Shanghai. He has never really had someone willing to look after him and deal with his ambitions. Please take care of him. I can tell he wants to be with you, but he has never actually been in a relationship before and does not know how to go about it.”

Sunmi looked him up and down before locking eyes with him once more and finally leaving the room. Yoongi followed after her, his mind racing. 

“I can tell he wants to be with you.”

Sunmi’s words repeated in his head over and over. 

Hoseok stood up from where he had been seated once he saw Yoongi return. Yoongi saw how Hoseok’s face had lit up at his appearance and his heart beat just a bit faster than it should have. He could feel Sunmi’s eyes on him as he walked over to Hoseok.

“We are all ready to go.” Yoongi told him, trying to sound as normal as possible and Hoseok nodded. 

“Sunmi, thank you for having us. I have missed you dearly and I will make sure to visit again soon.” Hoseok went up and hugged his cousin.

“Please don’t. I prefer my life as quiet and you only bring chaos.”

“Ah, Sunmi, don’t worry I understand your love language.” 

The two pirates said their goodbyes and walked out of the cottage and back to where their horses were. 

“I hope Sunmi did not say anything weird to you.” Hoseok said as he jumped up on his horse's saddle. 

Yoongi got up on his horse and thought about how to respond. “No, she just told me to take care of you.”

Hoseok burst out laughing. “See? She really does love me. I knew it.”

Yoongi loved how bright Hoseok looked while laughing, and how his mouth formed a heart shape. “She said that the two of you grew up together?” 

“Ah, yes. She was from the same village as me on the outskirts of Hanyang. We were always more like siblings than cousins, getting in trouble all the time. Her, Seokjin, and I were the town troublemakers. Though I was jealous of her relationship with her mother as I never had the same with my father.”

“What about your mother?” Yoongi asked and then wondered if it had been too forward when Hoseok winced.

Though, the pirate replied anyway.

“She's dead now, but she was very distant with me, unfortunately. She was afraid I would be more like my father and end up a violent person. Though, I guess she was right. Look at me now.” 

Yoongi gave Hoseok a careful look. “I may not have spent much time with you as of yet, but I can tell that you have so much love in you. You are not of violent nature despite being a pirate.”

Hoseok chuckled and looked at Yoongi fondly. “What about you, Prince? Why did you fake your death?”

Yoongi looked off distantly, Hoseok staring intently at him. “I knew that if I had just left, my father would have done everything in his power to get me back just to spite me. I think if he had not actually seen a body, he would have looked anyway even if they said I had died. He probably thinks I killed myself just to avoid the throne.” 

“How did you fake a body?”

Yoongi frowned deeply. “I kidnapped one of the prisoners that were to be executed and killed him myself. Then I had to perform dark magic in order for him to look like me. I chopped my hair to my shoulders, I cut through my eye. The only way to do it was to appease the underworld. Eventually it worked and the man looked like a clone to me. Then I hung him from the roof of my room, stabbed a suicide note with a butcher knife into the wall.”

“Fuck, Yoongi.” Hoseok looked at the older man incredulously. “What did the note say?” 

Yoongi was silent for a moment as he thought back on that night. “I told my father I would be back to haunt him.”

Hoseok chuckled lightly and watched Yoongi’s figure as the two of them rode their horses back to the ship. “I suppose you aren’t wrong about going back to haunt him. When we figure this shit out, I will help you.”

Yoongi side eyed him. “Why? You would literally gain nothing out of helping me.”

Hoseok smiled to himself. “Sometimes people do things, just because they want to.”

The ship was eerily quiet with three of the members gone. It was already morning but Hoseok and Yoongi seemed like they would be gone for a few more hours. Taehyung just sighed to himself staring at the ceiling above his bunk. He tried not to think about the way he and Jungkook had slept so easily cuddled up to each other the previous night after coming back drunk. 

Jungkook had gone off after waking up to get breakfast and had only just returned.

“You look bored.”

Taehyung felt the bunk dip as Jungkook sat next to him and handed him some food that he brought from the kitchen.

“I suppose I have been lonely without Jimin.” Taehyung took a bite of the bread that had been given to him.

Jungkook laughed beside him and sighed. “To think this all began when we decided to steal from a pirate ship of all things.”

Taehyung cackled at the memory. “That had been your idea and neither of us had known it was Captain Hope to begin with.”

“Leave it to Captain to see two homeless boys trying to steal from him and then invite them to be a part of his crew.”

The two orphan boys had been desperate when they decided to steal from a pirate ship. Jungkook was 16 and Taehyung was 18 at that point and Jungkook had been talking about looting a ship for ages. 

“That ship over there looks like a good one.” Jungkook was still trying to convince Taehyung. “Come on! You took out an entire crew once with just a kitchen knife. We can do it.”

“That ship looks like it’s from a big name pirate though…”

The two boys were sitting at the harbor viewing all of the different ships. 

The fisherman were starting to get wary of their presence and Taehyung knew they were going to need to get moving soon.

Jungkook was pouting at Taehyung who sighed deeply. “Fine. Let’s go.”

Jungkook grinned deviously. “They’re probably out in the market anyway. We don’t have anything to be worried about. Pirates are not as bad as people make them seem, I am sure of it.”

Taehyung and Jungkook walked off towards the ship with only some daggers in their belts. It was well known on the streets of Shanghai that nobody should mess with either of the boys. After Taehyung had joined up with Jungkook all those years ago, he had learned of the reputation that the young kid had. 

At only a small age ten, Jungkook was feared by everyone else living on the streets. To this day, Taehyung does not know why Jungkook chose to help him because according to anyone else, it was very unlike Jungkook. 

The kid was a fighter. He was known to tear down anyone who got in his way with zero remorse. Taehyung never considered himself a fighter and would let Jungkook do all of the bloody work. The younger boy would always bring up the fact that Taehyung was able to take down a group of grown men with just a kitchen knife, but Taehyung said it was probably because of survival instincts and adrenaline. Jungkook would always reply, ‘if you say so’ and then carry on.

Them going to raid a pirate ship was certainly the most difficult task Jungkook had ever decided to try. 

Taehyung was scared.

The two boys finally made their way to the base of the ship and Taehyung glanced at Jungkook in worry.

“There will most likely be people on the ship, but it won’t be the Captain as he would rather deal with the market himself. I do not think we will run into any problems.” Jungkook said easily and Taehyung nodded, unsure.

“Follow my lead.”

Jungkook snuck forward and scaled up the side of the ship and only the deck, Taehyung followed close behind. 

The second Taehyung landed on the deck and realized that someone had already seen them. It was a boy that looked about their age with long black hair, tied up into a ponytail. The boy was beautiful and a bit shorter than both Taehyung and Jungkook. He was glaring at them and Jungkook pulled a dagger out of his pocket and lunged at the pirate.

The boy was extremely nimble and used his own dagger with an ease Taehyung had never seen before, however Jungkook was still better. 

Jungkook was just about to knock the dagger out of the pirate’s hands when they were interrupted by an angry voice.

“Who the fuck are you?”

Taehyung sprang at the other man knowing that Jungkook would not be able to take on two pirates at once. 

The man Taehyung was fighting was taller than him, with neat hair and adorned in muscles. He was not as good of a fighter as Jungkook or the smaller pirate, but he was still better than Taehyung who was extremely rusty and had never learned to fight. 

The taller pirate knocked Taehyung down easily and took his dagger. He loomed over Taehyung who was shaking in fear.

“Tae!” Jungkook shouted and the smaller pirate took the moment of weakness to take down Jungkook. 

The taller pirate tied their hands together behind their back and tied them to the base of the crows nest.

The taller pirate ran a hand through his hair as Jungkook snarled at him from where he was tied.

“I would have killed you myself, but our Captain prefers to have our prisoners left alive for him to deal with. You will have wished I killed you myself when he gets done with you.” 

It was a few hours of waiting and Jungkook shouting curses at the two pirates before they heard others coming onto the ship. 

Taehyung swallowed harshly when he saw a man walk onto the deck, someone who he had only seen in Wanted posters. The most feared pirate Captain in Asia. Captain Jung Hoseok.

“What do we have here?” The Captain chuckled, coming up to the two boys that had been tied. 

“Jimin and I are not sure of what their intentions had been, but they came up here and tried to fight us.” The tall pirate explained and Jungkook spat onto the deck.

“Good work Jimin, Namjoon. Now let’s see.”

Captain Hope took out his infamous sword and dragged it under Jungkook’s chin causing Taehyung to shake profusely.

“Do you know who I am, boy?” The Captain murmured, inches from Jungkook’s face. 

Jungkook spat on the pirate directly. “I don’t give a fuck who are you are.” 

The Captain looked shocked for a moment before wiping the spit off of his face. “Ambitious for a child. I like that.”

The Captain moved over to Taehyung causing Jungkook to squirm. 

“Don’t lay a finger on him, you piece of shit.”

The Captain looked back to Jungkook with a raised brow. “You have a death wish, don’t you? Let me guess. Two homeless kids who thought they could outsmart a pirate crew and steal our shit.”

Jungkook glared as the Captain continued speaking.

“How about this? Join my crew or I'll kill you both.”

One of the pirates behind the Captain that Taehyung hadn’t seen before groaned. “Hoseok you can’t take in every homeless kid you find.”

The tall pirate that they learned to be Namjoon placed a hand on the pirate’s shoulder. “It is not a bad idea, actually. The younger one is one of the best fighters we have come across. Not sure about the other though… He doesn’t look too promising. It might be better to kill that one and keep the other.”

“No!” Jungkook yelled out. “He comes from a family of doctors. He has always patched me up. He can be a medic! If you kill him, you can just kill me also.”

The Captain laughed. “So you are going to join my crew?”

“Where are the other crew members?” Jungkook questioned looking past the four pirates in front of him.

“This is it, kid.” The Captain said, smirking. “We don’t just take in anyone.”

“We will join your crew.” Jungkook finally agreed and the Captain looked to Taehyung.

“What about you? Are you up for being a ship medic?”

“Yes. I will join. I would go anywhere that Jungkook goes.”

“Any funny business and I will throw you off the plank.” The Captain threatened before smiling softly. “Welcome to the family.”

The two boys quickly adapted to pirate life. It took them a few weeks to open up to the others, but Taehyung had quickly grown close to Jimin who he learned was the same age. 

Jungkook became known as the prankster of the ship, and once the others learned he was the youngest they started babying him and letting him get away with his bizarre pranks. 

It did not take long at all for Taehyung to realize what a soft person Captain Hope was. The Captain made it a priority to get to know the two boys and swore he would protect them. 

Maybe the decision to raid a pirate ship had not been so bad after all.

“I don't miss living on the streets.” Jungkook admitted where they were sitting together in Taehyung's bunk. 

Five years later and the two boys were still stuck together like glue. 

Taehyung leaned against Jungkook’s side. “I don’t either. I am glad that the Captain let us stay here.”

Taehyung wondered to himself if their closeness would be ruined once Jungkook learned about his feelings for the younger, but he wanted to let himself enjoy it for as long as he could.

It was late morning when Hoseok and Yoongi finally made it back to the ship and called for everyone to meet on the main deck. 

“You were gone for so long.” Seokjin said, scrunching his nose. 

“Sunmi had us stay the night, you know how she is, so caring.” Hoseok told him and Seokjin rolled his eyes.

“Yeah, after she probably threatened your life a million times.”

“Whatever. The trip was not in vain. Athena has in fact told Sunmi valuable information about this rogue pirate.”

That easily got everyone’s attention. 

“Her name is Hani and she is a daughter of Poseidon.”

Seokjin gasped and Jungkook gave Taehyung a look.

“Sunmi says that Hani has a grudge against the gods and I assumed anyone with godly blood. I suppose that is why she wants me dead. She might think Yoongi is a son of Hades and that is why she came after him first.”

Namjoon furrowed his eyebrows in concentration. “This is not going to be good. Nothing about this sounds like it is going to go well at all.”

“We are going to set sail towards Jeju because that is the area where she ran into Yoongi and I want to see if she made any contact with the people on the island. We are leaving now so that we can get there as soon as possible. I plan to try and contact Jimin when we reach Jeju as well and see what he knows and if our information lines up.”

Taehyung grinned at the thought of seeing his friend again. Seokjin, however, had a complicated expression.

That afternoon after setting sail, Seokjin went over to Namjoon and said he wanted to have a talk with him in private. Seokjin had been bothered by something regarding Namjoon’s relationship with Jimin. He had not been oblivious to the tension between the two right before Jimin left, or the way Jimin had given Namjoon a kiss on the cheek before his farewell. 

Seokjin had feelings for both Jimin and Namjoon for quite some time and the only one he had ever confided in had been Hoseok. He supposed it would be his own fault if Namjoon and Jimin had started a relationship because he had never said anything to either of them.

He wondered if confessing to Namjoon now would do more harm than good, but he could not go on wondering what would happen forever. 

“What’s going on?” Namjoon asked when Seokjin was finally alone with him.

Seokjin had a troubled expression on his face and Namjoon worried that he had done something to offend the older.

“Joonie… I have some questions about you and Jimin. Are you two together?”

Namjoon was stunned. He hadn’t told anyone about his progress with Jimin yet because, to be honest, although he had confessed, the two had not agreed to dating quite yet.

“I confessed to Jimin and he accepted it. He did not want to start a relationship with me until he got back, however.”

Seokjin shut his eyes tightly. He had been too late. 

“What’s wrong? Did I do something wrong?” Namjoon asked softly, placing a hand on Seokjin’s shoulder.

“Fuck it. Namjoon I have had feelings for you ever since we met. I was too late. I should have said something. You are with someone else now. The worst part is that I have feelings for Jimin as well as you. You two are going to be together and it is too late for me.”

Namjoon silent, his eyes wide as Seokjin spoke.

“Seokjin… I have feelings for you as well. I have always had feelings for you as well, but I also like Jimin.”

“Jin. I like you and Jimin. You like Jimin and I.”

Truthfully, the first time Seokjin met Namjoon he thought the younger to be stuck up. Namjoon had been twelve years old and Seokjin was fourteen. Namjoon had come up to Seokjin’s mother’s stand at the market and Seokjin could automatically tell he was a palace official.

“What is a boy your age doing wearing the robes of a palace scholar?” Seokjin had scoffed at Namjoon.

“My parents brought me to the palace as a child and had them train me.” Namjoon replied, his voice stable and even his accent rubbed Seokjin the wrong way.

“So why are you at my mother’s stand? I don’t suppose you are buying herbs?”

“I was looking for Jung Hoseok. I saw him here last week and we played in the market.”

Seokjin glared. The audacity for this official to even utter his cousin’s name. “He’s not here.”

Namjoon sighed. “I can tell you do not like me, for whatever reason. I would just like to play with Hoseok. He said I could be friends with him.”

Seokjin thought that of course Hoseok would say something like that. Hoseok was the type of person to befriend anyone he meets. He had a bubbly personality and an infectious laugh. Everyone in the village absolutely adored Hoseok. 

“Hoseok is working at his house with his mother today as she was not feeling well.” Seokjin replied after a few minutes. 

Namjoon nodded, accepting this answer. “Why don’t you play with me then?”

Seokjin scowled. “What do rich kids even do for fun?”

“I can show you!”

Seokjin would not admit it for weeks, but he loved hanging out with Namjoon. Him, Namjoon, Hoseok, and Sunmi would run around the market for hours every week when Namjoon would come from the palace for that one day.

Namjoon would complain about his palace duties as a scholar and Seokjin would listen intently. It seemed as though the only thing Namjoon really enjoyed was spending time with the Crown Prince. 

Seokjin would hardly let anyone know, but his favorite part of every week was when Namjoon would come.

“You have feelings for me.” Seokjin was still in disbelief. 

Namjoon nodded and took Seokjin’s hand. “We should not start any type of relationship together because I think you, Jimin, and I all need to have a chat about these feelings.”

“Joonie… What if he doesn’t like me?”

“You are the most amazing person I’ve met in my entire life, there is no way he does not feel the same as us.”

Seokjin looked into Namjoon's eyes. “If you say so.”

Hoseok and Yoongi seemed to make a habit of meeting up on the main deck after everyone was asleep. Neither of them mentioned the routine, but they would always find the other there at the same time every night.

“Fancy seeing you here on this fine night.” Hoseok greeted Yoongi as he heard the older man’s footsteps approaching.

Hoseok had been facing the water, but was able to recognize the sound of Yoongi’s boots walking across the wooden floor of his ship by now.

Yoongi stood next to the Captain and looked out over the sea.

The breeze was almost a little chilly as they started to enter the colder months. The smell of sea salt was welcomed easily by Yoongi as he took it all in. 

“It is almost whale mating season.” Hoseok stated and Yoongi looked at him confused. “Did you not say that your favorite part of sailing is when the whales appear?”

Yoongi smiled softly at Hoseok. “Why would you ever remember something like that?”

Hoseok chuckled. “That is because it is you, of course.” 

“Because of me?” 

“I tend to remember things involving you easily.” 

“Why? Finding out ways you can kill me later on?” Yoongi joked around and Hoseok nudged his side.

“I cannot believe we ever wanted to kill each other at some point.” 

“I told you we would make a good team.” 

Hoseok glanced at Yoongi, both suddenly aware of how close together they were. Neither made an effort to move.

“Can I ask you something?” Hoseok muttered softly, his breath above Yoongi’s lips. 

Yoongi nodded, looking directly into Hoseok's eyes as the taller one spoke.

“Please Captain this ship with me. You are not made to be a crew member. We should be Captains together.”

Yoongi gaped in surprise. “You want me to be Captain with you? I have never heard of a ship with two Captains before.”

“I do not think I can do this quest without you. It would be unfair to refer to you as anything else.”

“Yoongi.” Hoseok interrupted the other as he placed a hand on Yoongi’s waist. “Please.”

“... Okay, fine.” Yoongi breathed out.

Hoseok grinned. “Thank you. You have no idea what this would mean to me.”

“Why is the most dangerous pirate in Asia suddenly confiding in me? One would think I should be suspicious.”

“Because you are special to me.” 

“Well, isn’t this so charming?” A gravelly voice suddenly interrupted.

The two pirates whipped around and Hoseok narrowed his eyes and unsheathed his sword. 

“Father.” Hoseok growled and stepped in front of Yoongi.

Yoongi took in this man. He seemed to be in his twenties, but he supposed that gods would not look like they age. Ares had long black hair, tied up on top. His eyes were the color of a burning fire and his chin square. He was wearing a shirt ripped at the sleeves and he was tall. 

“My dear son.” Ares spoke sarcastically. 

“Why the fuck are you on my ship.” Hoseok spat, holding his sword up to protect both him and Yoongi, though Yoongi did not think it would accomplish much against a god.

“Oh, calm down. I am not going to hurt your little boyfriend.” Ares tsked, but Hoseok did not put down the sword.

“Tell me why you are here.” Hoseok demanded again.

“You are in no position to even speak of me, you failed child. I am only here to tell you that you must defeat Poseidon’s brat. It would be an embarrassment for me if she kills you.”

Hoseok glared at his father, Yoongi could feel the anger radiating off of him.

“No matter what I do, you consider me a failure. I was a failure to you ten years ago, and somehow I am still a failure. You can never be satisfied by what I do.”

Ares frowned at Hoseok. “You were a mistake and I should have killed your mother once I learned she was pregnant. All you ever do is embarrass me. The least you can do is not die against my uncle’s bastard daughter. I do not care about whatever daddy issues you have with me. Just do what I ask.”

Ares disappeared from the ship before Hoseok could say anything else. He dropped to his knees and let his head hit the floor board as he erupted in sobs. 

Yoongi knelt down next to him and took the younger man into his arms. “Hoseok, let's go to your quarters, okay? Come with me, let’s stand up now.”

Yoongi led Hoseok to the Captain’s quarters and sat next to him on the bed. Hoseok did not even care that he was crying. He buried his face into Yoongi’s chest and screamed.

“Your father is a real dick.” Yoongi stated as he rubbed a hand up Hoseok’s back in comfort.

Hoseok finally looked up at Yoongi, his face stained red from anger and sadness. “No matter what I do, he doesn’t care.”

“In my experience, father’s like him never will. You are the most amazing and caring person I have ever met, Hoseok. You are better than anything he could ever be. He probably said all of those things because he is jealous of what you have accomplished.”

“I just want him to say he is proud of me for once…” Hoseok sobbed and Yoongi pressed his face against Hoseok’s. 

“It might not mean anything, but I am extremely proud of you.” 

Hoseok sniffled and looked at Yoongi. “Thank you.”

Yoongi rubbed hand through Hoseok’s hair and pressed a kiss to his forehead, without even thinking.

Hoseok froze and looked at Yoongi with wide eyes. 

“Fuck, sorry, I-”

Hoseok leaned in and kissed Yoongi, interrupting whatever he was going to say.

Hoseok leaned into Yoongi causing the older to fall back against the bed, with Hoseok over him. Yoongi wrapped his hands around Hoseok’s back as the younger man deepened the kiss.

Yoongi broke apart and Hoseok stared down at him, both breathing heavily.

“Hoseok you kissed me.” Yoongi said, almost questioning.

Hoseok fell next to Yoongi in the bed so they were laying next to each other. “I’ve been wanting to since that night at Sunmi’s.” 

“Is it not obvious that I like you?” Hoseok asked incredulously. 

Yoongi’s cheeks reddened slightly. “So what are we?”

“Well if you like me, and I like you, don’t you think the answer is right there?”

“You want to be my boyfriend?” Yoongi rolled over to look at Hoseok.

“If you will have me.”

“Yes. Of course, Hoseok.”

“Okay, please stay with me tonight. I need you to be with me after seeing my father.”

“I would not even think of leaving you right now.”

The two pirates fell asleep wrapped in each other’s arms, both happier than they had been in a long while. 

Jimin had woken up at the guest house with a clarity he hadn’t felt in so long, most likely from being back in the ocean. He swam over to the kitchen where Mei was cutting up tuna. 

“Good morning, child.” She smiled at him and offered some of the tuna. It had been so long since Jimin had eaten raw tuna, which had been one of his favorite foods. 

“This is amazing, thank you.” He bowed to Mei who patted his head. “I think I need to head out today.”

The caretaker nodded. “Here, take the rest of this tuna with you then.”

She stored it in a satchel made of seaweed and handed it to Jimin. “Please come back any time. I would be thrilled to host you again.”

Jimin smiled at her and promised he would visit her again sometime.

He swam out of the town, the guards nodding at him when he swam past the border. He swam up until he could see the surface and located the ship. He was right in thinking that they would be setting sail that afternoon. After following for a few hours he was able to figure out that they were going in the general direction of Jeju. 

Jimin was a bit nervous with how close that was to his home in Busan, but he swam back down to the seafloor and headed in the direction of Jeju.

When you are not within the border of a specific colony, the general sea is considered similar to a ‘highway’ where sea creatures are traveling to their next location. There are occasionally homes on the edges where people are living, but it is mainly places for sirens to stay overnight in their travels. Since they were off the coast of Shanghai, Jimin could recognize the fishing ships in the area. The hooks and nets travel down, hoping to catch them.

The nets were what had gotten Jimin the last time and he was extra careful not to get caught up in one this time. Catching a siren is a huge prize to fishermen. Sirens make big money on the market.

The sea was starting to grow extremely dark and Jimin feared he would not be able to sense a net and decided to find a place to stay overnight. Since he is half human, Jimin does not have all the same senses that sirens have. A full blood siren has extraordinary senses and would be able to avoid nets with ease. Jimin however, would not. 

He quickly found a ‘traveler house’ and made his way inside. Houses like this were scattered around the ocean floor made for sirens who were travelling from one spot to another.

 He knew that travelers coming through were bound to gossip and it would be a good place for Jimin to gain valuable information about Hani. 

Upon his entry, a young male siren swam over to him. “Hello, my name is Xiumin, how can I help you tonight?”

Jimin explained that he would be staying the night and Xiumin sent someone to prepare a room for Jimin. 

“Before I head to my quarters, I was wondering if I could ask you some questions?” Jimin asked the siren who narrowed his eyes.

“What type of questions?”

“Well, I am trying to find out information about Hani.” 

Xiumin shushed him quickly. “Do not say her name.”

Xiumin looked around nervously. “It’s taboo. Some say she can hear us when we speak of her. I think it is bullshit but I would not like to test the theory. Follow me.”

Xiumin led Jimin to the back of the establishment. “We can talk here.”

“I am just wondering what information you may have of her that others would not have.”

“Her crew is made up of four sirens that she has brainwashed to do her bidding. Her mother was the Queen siren of the Busan colony. She is heartless and I have heard that she kills with absolutely zero remorse. Her goal is to kill anyone who has godly blood.”

Jimin swallowed harshly. “Anything else?” 

“She is the most powerful creature to come out of the sea. I do not think there is a way to defeat her and it is only time before she takes complete control. If you are planning to find her, don’t. She tore through this area about a month ago. She turns sirens against each other and has mothers kill their children, best friends slitting each other’s throats. I fear for my own life with her around. Sirens have been fleeing to the west to avoid her. She has more power over us sea creatures, but she can control humans as well.”

Jimin nodded slowly in deep thought. “Thank you, Xiumin. I will be off to my quarters now.”

Xiumin wished him goodnight and Jimin swam off to his room. And opened the satchel that Mei had prepared for him. He ate the tuna slowly as he thought about what Xiumin said. He found it very odd that Hani’s mother was from the same colony as him. He tried to remember who the Queen had been, but it escaped his mind. To be honest, Jimin could hardly remember anything about his life there.

The only thing Jimin had ever really been able to remember were scattered images of his mother, and even then, he could never remember exactly what her face had looked like. One thing that stuck with him was how she would sing when she swam around.

That was all he could remember.

When Jimin reached Jeju he decided he would surface and talk to Hoseok because at this point he had no idea what he should do. He wondered if he should go to the Busan colony and talk to them himself, but the idea scared him beyond belief. He knew that if it came down to the protection of his human family, he would do it. He would go to Busan if it meant that he was helping them survive. 

Images of Namjoon and Seokjin flickered in Jimin’s mind. He would do anything for them, they needed to be safe. 

Jimin was going to tell Hoseok to make Busan the next stop.

With his mind all but a mess, Jimin finally fell asleep. His dreams clouded from nightmares of the crew dying in various ways. 

Jimin woke up breathing hard, almost feeling like he had been suffocating. He went to the main area where Xiumin was and thanked him for letting him stay the night and he swam off towards Jeju.

The next few nights were similar to the first. Jimin questioned the owners of each establishment he stayed at and they would say the same as Xiumin. Jimin knew for sure that the only new information he would gain would come from Busan. 

Jimin could tell that he was nearing the Jeju colony and to avoid them, he swam close to the surface, right under the ship.

If he did gain anything from his adventure back in the sea, Jimin had become extremely comfortable swimming and catching prey again. He thought it might be fun in the future to catch fish for the crew to cook. There were a lot of advantages to Jimin being able to swim again. 

He saw they were approaching the island in an hour or two and he surfaced next to the ship and swam alongside in a backstroke looking up towards the sky.

After a few minutes he heard shouting from above and saw Taehyung in the crows nest way up, pointing down to the water. Jimin was confused at first before he realized Taehyung had been shouting Jimin’s name. 

The crew members ran over to the side of the ship and called to Jimin who laughed and yelled back at them. It felt so good to see them again. Although he had not gone far from the ship ever, he missed his family and he missed joking around with them. He also had Namjoon’s confession on his mind, not knowing what to do completely about that. The time apart had been beneficial, though.

Hoseok threw a rope ladder down the side of the ship where Jimin had been swimming and he climbed up. His tail disappeared when he got out of the water. When he landed on the deck, Jungkook had brought some of Jimin’s clothes over for him to dress in. 

Taehyung scaled down the crows nest and once Jimin had clothes on, they gathered together to discuss what they all had found out. 

Hoseok and Jimin exchanged information and Hoseok seemed distraught at Jimin’s plan. 

“I do not want you getting hurt by going back there.” Hoseok had told Jimin who shook his head. 

“Trust me, I thought this over a lot. I want to go back because it would give us more information to kill her.”

Hoseok frowned. “I don’t like the thought of her being able to control us. Do you know if she would be able to control you?”

Jimin nodded in understanding. “I am not sure that she can. I am part human, part siren. I have an advantage over her and maybe she will not be able to control me like she can others.”

“But we don’t know for sure, so right now I need you to be extra careful since she will be stronger against you. If we even see her ship on the horizon, you are going overboard and swimming as far away as you can. No arguments here.” 

Jimin was about to argue, but all of the other crew members were agreeing with Hoseok and Jimin knew that his word was final so he let it go for then. 

Shortly later, they docked at Jeju and what greeted them was truly shocking. The island looked to be in extreme distress. Hoseok could not believe his eyes. He had a past connection with the island, and seeing a place that he had grown to love, become like this, was disturbing.

Trees seemed to be burned down and homes had been crushed. 

“What the fuck is going on?” Hoseok exclaimed and jumped off the ship and onto the land. There was hardly anything left. And the further they walked onto the island, the more bodies they saw littering the ground. 

Hoseok looked like he was about to say something, when someone lunged at him with a sharp piece of wood. The man was very weak and frail looking and Hoseok was easily able to knock him down. 

“What is going on here?” Hoseok demanded and the man was shaking. 

“She killed us all.” The man stuttered out, his voice hoarse. He was hardly even able to sit up.

“How many people are left?”

The man cried, causing him to choke up blood. “I don’t know… I don’t know.” 

The man started choking on his own blood and it got to the point where the crew knew there was nothing they could do. The man died in front of them, suffocating on his blood. 

“Fuck.” Hoseok yelled out. “Everyone spread out and find anything you can that may be able to help us.” 

The crew walked around the island for hours, not able to find anything of use. Hani had destroyed the place. Her intentions were unclear but Hoseok knew there had to be a reason why she would do so. 

Everyone met back up on the ship in eerie silence. 

“She probably did this right before coming across my ship.” Yoongi was the first to speak and everyone nodded in agreement. “What would the reason be, though?”

“Does anyone know if there had been a demigod living on Jeju?” Jimin asked, suddenly realizing something. 

Hoseok’s face went from confused to angry in seconds. “Shit, shit, shit. Yes. There was a daughter of Aphrodite living here. God dammit.” He gritted his teeth remembering his gentle cousin that he had grown fond of.

Taehyung glared at the sea. “Why would she kill everyone if she just wanted to kill the demigod?”

“Probably just by association.” Hoseok mumbled. “I cannot believe this. Jimin, I hate to do this, but we are going to Busan so that you can meet with the colony.”

Jimin nodded sadly. “I know. It’s okay.”

They set sail soon after, it should only take a few hours to reach Busan and Jimin was already anxious. He knew it would happen at some point, but he wished he could have gone on better terms. Jimin heard someone walk up behind him and turned around to see Seokjin.

“Are you okay?” Seokjin asked, gazing softly at Jimin.

“No, but I need to do this. For everyone on the ship. I need to.” 

Seokjin nodded and stood beside Jimin. “You are so brave for doing this, you know?”

“You would do it for the crew as well.” 

Seokjin smiled at Jimin. “I would, but right now you are the one risking your life and sanity for us. Thank you, Jimin.” 

Jimin looked back to the sea and heard Seokjin walk away. Jimin knew it was a risk, but he would do it again one hundred times if it meant the crew’s safety. 

Jung Hoseok had always tried to be a good person. He went out of his way to be as kind as possible to everyone in this village he lived in. He was the type of kid that mothers told their own children to be like.

If only his own mother would spare him a glance. 

He did not even really talk to Seokjin about the extent of how much his mother despised him. His 15th birthday was the following day and he had noticed that the more he aged, the less she wanted to be near him. He wondered what age it would be where she just would leave him all together.

“Mother, I am going to the market to meet with Auntie and Seokjin and help out with her herb stand.” Hoseok stood in front of his mother who was standing in the kitchen almost lifelessly. She did not even acknowledge if she had heard him or not.

It was always that way, she ignored him, and he went about his day. And yet he wished she would just say

Hoseok frowned, but left their house and ran off to the market. 

Namjoon was already there and Seokjin was talking with him excitedly as Hoseok approached. “What is going on?” 

“The Crown Prince is coming through the market today!” Namjoon replied, grinning. 

It was well known in their trio that Namjoon was close friends with the Prince, but Seokjin and Hoseok had never met him directly before as it was not allowed. The Prince was always well guarded when he came to the markets. Hoseok always thought that the Prince looked strict. He always had a straight expression when walking through, but Namjoon would assure him that Min Yoongi was actually really kind.

Sometimes, Hoseok wondered if Namjoon was lying about being close to the Crown Prince, it was well known that nobody was even allowed to be near Min Yoongi in the palace.

“There he is! Your Highness!” Namjoon shouted and waved to where the Prince was walking down the dirt roads accompanied by a guard. 

The Prince smiled softly at Namjoon and gave a small wave. He was wearing golden robes and his long hair was tied neatly on his head. The guard ushered him to move on and Hoseok watched as the Prince continued on his walk.

Their lives were so completely opposite.

After the excitement, the three boys walked off on their own. 

“Do you have any plans for your birthday tomorrow?” Seokjin asked Hoseok, and Namjoon perked up.

“We should do something special! It is not everyday someone turns 15.”

Hoseok smiled at them. “It is not a very exciting number. I will probably do the same as I do everyday. I wish Sunmi was around, though. It will be my first birthday without her.”

The boys continued on talking and walking through the market as they usually would do. There was not anything special about their village but they loved it all the same. It was a quiet life.

It had started to get dark and Namjoon needed to get back to the palace with the promise of trying to sneak down for Hoseok’s birthday. He was only really allowed to the market once a week as a break from his scholar duties. 

Seokjin and Hoseok parted ways as they went to their respective homes. 

Hoseok sighed as he reached his door knowing his mother would just ignore him the whole night. 

“Mother, I am back.” Hoseok called out as he stepped inside, but there was no answer. He shook his head, he hadn’t really expected anything. She was not in the kitchen, however, which Hoseok did find bizarre. She would at least be cooking around this time.

He walked to her room and his eyes widened in horror at what was there to greet him. His mother’s body was hanging from the ceiling. Her eyes were lifeless. 

“Mother?” Hoseok whispered as a tear slipped from his eyes. He got her down and laid her on the floor. 

“Why would you do this? Why would you leave me alone like this?” Hoseok sobbed over her body. He and her never had the best relationship, but she was still his mother.

He quickly went over to Seokjin’s house and his aunt answered the door in concern. “Hoseok, what are you doing here?” 

“It’s my Mother… She…” Hoseok could not even finish his sentence but his aunt took him into her arms. 

Hoseok’s mother had been her sister and they had always been close, but Hoseok’s aunt had never treated him any differently than she would have treated Seokjin. His aunt had been the one to practically raise him.

Hoseok ended up staying at his aunt’s house that night. 

Seokjin comforted him the entire night though Hoseok was not entirely sure what he felt. 

The following day was his 15th birthday, but it did not matter to Hoseok. Him, his aunt, and Seokjin properly disposed of the body and prayed.

He decided to go to his house to pack up his belongings as his aunt had insisted he move in with them. 

Hoseok entered his house and looked around at the place he used to call home. It was solemn. 

He was in his room packing up his clothes when he heard someone enter the room. 

“You’re my son?” 

Hoseok turned around, bug eyed, and stared at the man who was looking at him in distaste. “Ares?”

“Yes. I suppose you’re my poor excuse of a son.” Ares looked Hoseok up and down with a scowl. “ Too skinny, no muscle at all… Even your mother killed herself just to get away from you. I should have expected as much. Such a poor excuse for a child, you will never live up to my name.”

Hoseok could barely breathe. “What are you saying?”

Ares rolled his eyes and leaned against the wall. “I am saying that you are a disappointment. I should have never shown myself before you. What a waste of time. You have accomplished nothing at the age of 15. Save me the trouble and just follow in your mother’s steps.”

Before Hoseok could even respond, Ares disappeared. 

It had been a month since Hoseok had turned 15 when he came to Namjoon and Seokjin with a plan. It was a vague plan, something he was not sure if he would ever explain to them in full detail.

“Let’s join a pirate crew.”

The two other boys stared at him in astonishment. 

Hoseok continued with determination. “Not right away, we need time to plan. I think we should join the crew as cabin boys. It would be fun, don’t you think? Namjoon you always complain that you feel stuck in the palace. This village is boring and always the same. Think of all we could see if we joined a crew!” 

Seokjin and Namjoon were silent. 

“Well, even if you two don’t want to, I will go alone.” Hoseok had set his mind to piracy. It was true that the three boys had been fans of pirates before. They would always tell stories of what it must be like on the sea, even spying on the pirates that came to Hanyang. None of them had ever considered joining a crew before, though. 

Seokjin and Namjoon did not want to let Hoseok go alone and ultimately agreed, thinking that Hoseok would not actually go through with the plan.

Truthfully, Hoseok had not told them his plan in full detail as he knew they would never agree if they knew that his true intentions were. 

In the next year, Hoseok had started collecting daggers and practiced using them in the forest near the village. Not only was he amazing with them, but his accuracy and aim was fantastic. He practiced hunting on the animals around the forest, bringing home food for his aunt. He made an excellent warrior and he knew he would do well as a pirate. Maybe being the son of a war god had its advantages. 

He also became amazing at pickpocketing. He made a habit of pickpocketing pirate’s of their weapons when they would come through Hanyang. More often than not he would find himself stalking crews, trying to kiss up to them, and then snatching their shit without them even noticing. 

Seokjin and Namjoon were starting to realize that this would not just be a phase.

Namjoon was the only member of their trio that knew how to read and Hoseok would beg him to read him the journals depicting pirate activity. It was his way of studying. 

“How am I supposed to leave the palace?” Namjoon asked Hoseok one afternoon, a week before Hoseok wanted his plan to take place. 

“You come down at the time you normally would next week and just never return. Simple.”

Seokjin sighed deeply. “How do we know that a pirate is actually going to let us on his ship?”

“Easy. They always need crew members because people just die all the time.”

“That is really reassuring Hoseok, thank you.”

In the end, Seokjin and Namjoon gave in to Hoseok. 

The ‘plan’ was for the three boys to find a pirate crew coming through the town on the day that Namjoon would visit the next week and basically beg to be a part of the crew. Hoseok was confident that it would work. 

Hoseok excitedly met up with Seokjin and Namjoon in the market for what he hoped would be the last time.

“Are you ready?” He asked and they nodded. Hoseok gestured with his head for them to look to the side. “You see over there?” 

Namjoon and Seokjin saw that Hoseok had been referring to a group of pirates that had just arrived. The Captain was a middle aged man with long scraggly hair and scares littering his face. 

Seokjin shuddered. “Hoseok, he looks scary.”

Hoseok agreed. “Exactly. I am going to talk to him now. Follow my lead.”

Hoseok walked the boys over to the pirates with confidence in his shoulders. “I would like to talk to your Captain.” 

The pirates turned to look down at Hoseok and burst out laughing. 

“What does a kid like you want with pirates?” One of them said between laughs.

“Let me speak to the Captain.” Hoseok demanded again, Seokjin and Namjoon wishing they could just disappear.

“You have my attention.” The Captain said with a bored expression.

“Let us be part of your crew.” Hoseok announced and the pirates started laughing again.

The Captain smirked. “Why would I do that?”

“We are fine with doing the dirty work around the ship. You would not even need to worry about cleaning ever again.” 

“You will get yourselves killed.”

The Captain stared at the three boys. “Fine. We leave in an hour. If you are even a second late meeting at the dock, we will leave without you.” 

The boys went immediately over to where the docks were, Hoseok talking excitedly the entire time.

“We are going to be pirates!”

Seokjin huffed. “What have I agreed to…”

Namjoon nodded, but Hoseok did not care. 

It was time for his real plan to take action.

The first month at sea was terrible. The pirates made the boys sleep in the brig and they were forced to do the worst of the duties and were never allowed off of the boat. 

Hoseok did not care at all because he knew it would not continue for long.

Hoseok made sure that everyone on the ship underestimated him. When the pirates would spar with each other, Hoseok always downplayed his abilities. The pirates started to adore him, and Hoseok found himself on the Captain’s good side. 

It was a shame that Hoseok could not stand any of them. The pirates were ruthless and killed mercilessly. They would go around purposely capturing kids off of the street just to torture. 

They disgusted Hoseok, but he pretended to not be bothered. They needed to trust him. 

The Captain eventually did let Hoseok come on a journey off the ship for a pillage, about two weeks before Hoseok’s plan. It was in Jeju, a small island where inhabitants kept to themselves. Hoseok had followed the other crew members off the ship and they kept a close eye on him. 

“Do not leave my side, or this knife will end up in your back.” A crew member, Minjun, threatened Hoseok as they made their way into the village. Hoseok supposed that Minjun had been the one assigned to watching Hoseok that day.

“What are we doing here?” Hoseok had asked because nobody had quite explained to him what the reason was.

“Scare the bastards into giving us shit.” Was what Minjun responded, causing Hoseok to frown. 

He watched as the crew immediately started attacking innocent people who had just been minding their business. 

“Follow my lead.” Minjun said and Hoseok followed close behind. Minjun went up to someone’s home and entered without even knocking. A father and daughter was sitting at the table and the man started to swear, and put his arms around his daughter who looked to be the same age as Hoseok. 

“Do not touch her, I will kill you.” The man was shaking as his daughter started crying.

“Stay here and watch them. I am going to look around and see if they have anything of value.” Minju left Hoseok with the father and his daughter.

“I’m sorry.” Hoseok whispered, looking at the girl with pain in his eyes. 

The man seemed to be praying and Hoseok was not sure if he should help them escape or if it would backfire on him in the long run. 

“My mother will kill you if you even come near me.” The girl finally spoke, her eyes narrowed at Hoseok. “She is a goddess, you know.”

Hoseok’s eyes widened. He had not met another demigod other than Sunmi before. “My father is Ares.” 

The girl’s eyes darkened fast. “Then what business do you have being on a pirate ship and killing innocent people? Is that what Ares stands for? My mother is Aphrodite, at least she has class.” She spit at Hoseok’s feet and he looked down, not able to make eye contact with her.

“I think Ares would approve of this, but I am not doing it for him. I am doing this to spite him. What is your name?”

“Nayeon.” She answered, glaring at Hoseok in disdain, her father wearing a similar look. 

Before Hoseok could respond any further, Minjun came back with a box of items in hand. Nayeon suddenly panicked. “You can’t take those!” 

“And why not? Minjun played with the box in his hands. “You won’t miss them if you are dead, would you?”

“Do not kill them. You took what you needed. Let’s just move on.” Hoseok pleaded, trying not to seem desperate.

“Whatever. They seem pathetic enough already. Let’s leave.” Minjun walked out of the house.

“I’m sorry.” Hoseok said to Nayeon who was sobbing. “One day, let me make it up to you. I will be back.”

Hoseok left the house feeling empty inside. Nayeon was technically his cousin and he had stabbed her right in the back. He made a note to make things up to her in the future. He would find her again when the time was right.

“Stop standing around.” Minjun yelled at Hoseok, the man was already walking to the next house to terrorize the people inside. Hoseok regretted leaving the ship. This journey was only making him nauseous. 

Eventually Minjun got bored of going into the homes and went straight towards the people who were fighting pirates in the town center. 

“Let’s get into the real action, don’t you say, brat?” Minjun laughed in delight. He had a bag wrapped over his shoulder carrying all of the items he stole from people’s homes and it was clear he was flaunting it as it swung around with every step he took.

Hoseok watched as Minjun fought the townsfolk and Hoseok had no choice but to join in or else he would have looked suspicious.

Obviously he went easy on each person that came after him, he would fight only enough just to properly injure them where he knew they would not be able to fight back, and then he would move on to the next person.

“You getting bad at fighting, aye?” Minjun said when the two finally met back up. Minjun patted his back and then suggested they head back to the ship to show the Captain what they had ‘earned’. 

On the ship, how much you steal in a pillage is a type of pride. The crew would show off what they got and flaunt how many people they killed. Hoseok did not understand how people could be so sickening.

Once they reached the ship, Hoseok managed to get away from the rest of the crew and went to find his friends to tell them the horrors of what he had witnessed.

“Do you think there is a way we can escape?” Seokjin whispered as the three huddled together in the brig after hearing what Hoseok said.

“Do not worry yourself about that.” Hoseok responded, not elaborating what he meant. He knew that Seokjin and Namjoon were miserable and he was going to change that soon enough.

Hoseok planned to take action about a week before his third month on the ship. Each night he stayed up sharpening his knives, sometimes walking around the ship finding out each little spot that the others might not know of. 

The only thing he was concerned with was keeping Seokjin and Namjoon safe. If something were to happen to either of them during his plan, he would never forgive himself. 

Finally the fateful day arrived. Hoseok woke up earlier than his friends and took his favorite knives to store in his belt. 

Hoseok got up as quietly as he could and walked out of the brig, locking Namjoon and Seokjin in behind him.

He snuck through the ship with ease. Hoseok knew that the other pirates were most likely asleep at this time and decided to take advantage of the Captain first. 

Hoseok walked to the Captain’s quarters and knocked on the locked door and waited patiently for the Captain to let him in. 

“What do you fucking want?” The Captain bellowed from inside, but Hoseok stayed perfectly still, even when the door opened. “Brat, why did you wake me up?”

“I was wondering if I could discuss something with you?” Hoseok asked politely and the Captain glared at him murderously.

Hoseok stepped into the room, much to the Captain’s dismay.

“You are not allowed in this room.” The Captain yelled and took out his sword. “Get out of here or I will use this on you, slice you right through your pretty little neck.”

Hoseok smiled at the Captain and took out his favorite dagger, twirling it in his fingers. “Such a pirate, always resorting to violence.”

The Captain growled at him. “What are you trying with me?”

“Mutiny.” Hoseok replied simply before lunging at the Captain with all but a dagger.

The Captain put up a strong fight. He had the advantage of using a sword while Hoseok only had his knives. Hoseok spun around with ease, dodging the attacks and thrusting his dagger at the Captain.

“You’re a better fighter than you came off as.” The Captain spat out as Hoseok grazed the skin of his cheek.

“I never wanted to be part of your shit crew. I was born to be Captain.” 

Hoseok took out another dagger from his belt and fought with both. The room was not big, and Hoseok had a small nimble body and maneuvered himself with ease.

His eyes dark and fiery as he continued his jabs at the Captain who was losing confidence. The Captain had not gotten a single hit on Hoseok who dodged every single attempt. Hoseok had already managed to stab his sword arm and the Captain was slowly losing blood. It wasn’t long before Hoseok took another dagger out of his belt, and threw it straight at the Captain, hitting directly in the center of his chest.

The Captain stuttered backwards, spitting blood out of his mouth, but Hoseok kept coming at him, not relenting. Stab wound after stab wound until the Captain was barely managing to breathe. 

Hoseok kneeled over the man while he bled out on the ground. 

“The crew will never follow a child.” The Captain rasped and Hoseok smiled, his face stained with the blood of the man under him. 

“I will just kill them too, then. None of this crew deserves to live after what I have been witness to.”

With that, he took a final stab in the area over the Captain’s heart and watched as life drained out of his face.

Hoseok wiped his hands over his white shirt and sighed. He quite liked the Captain’s sword and decided to take it as his own. 

It had a golden hilt with red rubies down the center of it, the blade itself looked as though the Captain had cleaned it daily, it shined bright. Too bright for a pirate Captain like it’s dead owner had been.

“Are you seeing this, Father?” He spoke to himself as he stood back up and dragged the Captain’s body onto the main deck, a trail of blood following behind him, smudging all over the wooden floor. “Are you seeing this?

He had about thirty minutes before the crew would wake up and discover what he had done.

Hoseok played around with his new sword, jabbing the air and giggling. 

“What the fuck have you done?” A voice yelled and Hoseok looked over to see Minjun running up the deck. 

Hoseok held the sword in front of himself. “Do you wish to die as well?”

More crew members started coming up and seeing what happened.

“Submit to me or face the same as your Captain.” Hoseok yelled at the crew.

He knew they would never agree and would try to take him on, but Hoseok had just wanted an excuse to kill them, anyway. They were all poor excuses for human beings.

Hoseok found thrill in fighting the fourteen of them. He thought it must be like dancing, the way he spun around and dodged the strikes from the others. Hoseok sliced through them easily with his new weapon.

Nobody even landed a hit on him. It took only about an hour for Hoseok to have killed all of the pirates.

The only real struggle he had was dragging the bodies to the edge of the ship to dump them overboard. He did not want Seokjin or Namjoon to need to see what he had done.

With the last person finally gone, Hoseok slumped over onto the floor of the ship. The entire deck was coated in a layer of drying blood and Hoseok was exhausted. This had been the only way he knew he would be able to get a pirate ship of his own. The children of gods were extremely rare on their own and Hoseok knew nobody would expect him of all people to be Ares’s kid. Regular humans did not stand a chance against him and he had known that.

Maybe that is what his mother had been so scared of to begin with. 

Hoseok looked toward the sky. He had to do this. He was a pirate Captain now, and nobody was going to mess with him.

He knew what it looked like from the outside. A sixteen year old pirate Captain with only two others in his crew. 

Hoseok had to build up a reputation soon, the fighting would not end with just the prior crew. Hoseok decided he would go after specifically infamous pirates. The ones who do not contribute anything.

Nobody would doubt him then. 

Hoseok finally went down to the brig and opened the door.

“Hoseok, what the fuck happened? We heard yelling, but we were locked down here and could not get out. Why are you covered in blood?” Seokjin stared at Hoseok in fear.

“You no longer need to worry about escaping.” Was what Hoseok said.

Seokjin and Namjoon rushed out of the brig and ran up to the deck and saw the floorboards stained in red.

“What did you do? Hoseok?” Namjoon yelled.

“It is just us now. We are our crew.” 

The first stop Hoseok had decided on was Jeju island. Unfortunately, the crew prior had already sold off everything they had stolen at Jeju the last time they had been there. Hoseok still wanted to go anyway and try to make amends. 

Namjoon had ended up staying on the ship once they arrived to make sure nobody would come on and try to wreck it after recognizing the same ship that had terrorized them previously.

In fact, it was extremely obvious the people of Jeju knew exactly what ship had just arrived. Hoseok and Seokjin stepped off the ship to an angry mob, who were threatening to kill him. There were about a hundred village people at the ready.

“My name is Jung Hoseok.” He yelled at the crowd who were basically snarling and growling back at him. “I have mutinied the ship and killed the Captain and the crew that did this to you.” Hoseok gestured all around to the rubble that was still very evident. “We want to help you rebuild as much as we can here. We are willing to stay for the month and help you. Please let us repay for the damage that was done.” Hoseok and Seokjin bowed deeply, but the crowd was not appeased. 

“You did this to us! It does not make sense that you are suddenly back to help!” Someone yelled out and Hoseok nodded solemnly. 

“I am aware. I was forced to follow their instruction or they would have killed my friends and I. We are just boys who got caught up in the wrong crowd and we have a debt to repay to the people of Jeju.” Truthfully, there were dozens of other locations where the same thing had occurred, but Hoseok had a connection with Jeju as he had been involved. 

“We should kill you as penance.” Someone else screamed, causing the crowd to yell profanities and other things they wished to inflict on Hoseok, Seokjin, and Namjoon.

“Wait!” A female voice called out and Hoseok zeroed in on a familiar face- Nayeon. “We can trust him. If he betrays us, my mother will smite him herself.” Nayeon seemed to be popular within the crowd as people went silent to let her talk. “Last time he was here with that crew, he promised me he would return and repay us. He is back and we should let him help.”

The crowd was not pleased, but they seemed to value Nayeon’s opinion over anyone else. They allowed Hoseok and Seokjin off the ship and let Hoseok explain what he had done to the previous crew. Hoseok told them how he did not want to be a ruthless feared pirate, but someone who helped the people. 

Eventually it was safe for Namjoon to come off the ship as well. Hoseok and the leader of the island had come to a truce. Hoseok would help rebuild the port and stay docked there for a month to do so. 

The following day, Hoseok came off the ship (he and the others decided to stay on the ship overnight), and sought out Nayeon. There was no way she should have cared enough about him to change the thoughts of the people and let him stay.

He found her sitting on the beach, staring off at the water. He sat next to her and the two were silent momentarily before Hoseok finally decided to speak.

“Why did you defend me?” Hoseok asked and Nayeon continued staring off at the ocean, a peaceful look on her face.

“Believe it or not, I value family. You promised you would return and you actually did. Back then, it did not seem like you wanted to follow that other pirate.” Nayeon spoke softly and finally turned to look at him, her gaze gentle. “We do not have a traditional family, you and I. My mother only visits me a few times a year and I have never met another demigod before. Nevertheless, we are cousins and I want to believe that your heart is in the right place. Thank you for fulfilling your promise and returning to us.”

In the following month, the trio worked tirelessly to rebuild the port town of Jeju. The people eventually started to like them more than they ever let on, and the three boys ended up really enjoying the stay. 

When the month ended, the little port town of Jeju gathered at the docks to send the boys off.

“Hoseok, your life as a pirate begins now. I expect you to be a good change. Do not be someone that sparks fear in others. I believe that you can be a savior. You have the power to do it. Today we send you off with hope, though I wish for you not to return unless absolutely necessary. We might meet again someday, but until then, I wish you a kind journey on the seas.” Nayeon bowed to Hoseok before pulling him into a hug. She smiled brightly at him before they finally parted.

“Cousin, I promise to do well. The next time we see each other I will have made you proud.” Hoseok grinned at Nayeon and then finally, the trio walked onto their ship.

They watched the island grow smaller and smaller and they waved until they could no longer see the people there.

“I think this will be a good start to our journey.” Hoseok declared confidently and Seokjin and Namjoon cheered.

Hoseok made a name for himself within the next year. He took down ship after ship with ease. Rumors spread about him all over: Do not mess with Captain Jung Hoseok.

The only person to join them had been Jimin. Hoseok had not been able to just leave him being sold at the market, knowing from his last crew what happens to people like that.

In a way he felt like he could relate to Jimin. Neither of them were completely human and probably looked down upon by both communities.

Hoseok felt like he finally had a family for the first time in his entire life. If there was anything he was learning overtime, it was that family does not need to be blood necessarily, but that family could be anyone if you so chose. To Hoseok, Seokjin was just as much family to him as Namjoon and Jimin and the three of them were so much more family to him than Ares would ever be. Hoseok thought he was happy for the first time in his entire life.

Jimin has been to the port in Busan several times, but he had never stepped off of the ship. He did not exactly have a connection to the place as he had been captured as just a child, but it still felt too eerie to him.

The other crew members acted very delicately around Jimin on the way there as if they were scared of breaking him. He was quiet himself, almost wanting to say ‘nevermind let’s turn around, please’ but knew doing this was in the best interest of everyone’s safety. 

Once Taehyung called out from the crow’s nest that Busan was approaching, Hoseok had everyone gather on the deck. “Let’s go over the plan for today.” 

Taehyung held Jimin’s hand while they waited for what Hoseok would say. Jimin had always appreciated Taehyung so much, he could always tell when Jimin needed his affection. 

“Jimin is going to go down to the colony while Taehyung and Jungkook go around the port asking for information on Hani. Yoongi and I will stay on the ship and wait for Jimin to return. Seokjin and Namjoon are going to go to the town outskirts to ask about Hani. We need to hit all areas if she is around here. Let’s meet back on the ship in about five hours and decide what the plan of action is then.” 

Everyone agreed easily to the plan. Taehyung wrapped Jimin in a hug and wished him good luck before heading off with Jungkook. Namjoon gave him a comforting look. Jimin still had not gone to talk to Namjoon about what was going on in their relationship yet. Things had been too hectic and there was no time.

“Are you ready?” Hoseok asked Jimin, concerned when it was just the three of them left on the ship. 

Jimin nodded, but was unable to meet Hoseok’s eyes. 

Yoongi placed a comforting hand on Jimin’s shoulder. “We are here for you when you come back. If you feel as if you are in any danger, come back up immediately.”

They led Jimin to the edge of the ship. Jimin took deep breaths before giving Yoongi and Hoseok a small smile and launching himself over the ship and into the ocean.

It was oddly comforting to feel his tail take over the form of his legs. Jimin still was not used to how it felt yet, but he was trying his best to be okay with it.

He swam out away from the port as sirens always made their colonies off the coast where it was deep enough to not get discovered. 

Truthfully, he barely had any memories of his life there. He had been about 5 when he got captured and any memories he had from his previous life as a siren were extremely foggy. If anything, he knew sirens age much slower than humans and his mother should still look the way she had when he left. Jimin on the other hand, as a half human, did not inherit those genes. There was a huge chance his mother was not even there anymore and the sirens would not recognize him. He did not remember meeting many sirens back then, anyways. He had mainly been told to stay in their home. It had probably been to protect him, but clearly it did not do any good.

After swimming for about thirty minutes, he made it to the border of the Busan colony. The guards eyed him suspiciously when he approached. 

“Hello, my name is Park Jimin. I used to live here when I was a child, but got kidnapped by humans. I have escaped and come back in search of my mother.” Jimin spoke, his voice a bit shaky. 

“Who is your mother?” One of the guards asked, his eyebrows furrowed. “I do not recall any children going missing here before.”

“Her name is Lee Jangmi.” Jimin spoke confidently, remembering his mother’s soft eyes and comforting smile.

The two guards tried their best to muffle their laughs. “Right. Your mother is Queen Jangmi? Try a different colony, kid.”

Jimin chuckled awkwardly. “You must be thinking of someone else. My mother was not the Queen. Is there any other person named Lee Jangmi here?”

trying to get into our colony?” The guard asked, raising his spear in front of himself. 

“Please.” Jimin begged. “Can you let me talk to the Queen? She might know who my mother is.” 

The guards shared a look and then finally agreed. “We are not leaving your side. We will kill you at any sign of misbehavior.” 

Jimin nodded eagerly and swam between the guards as they led him to the palace. He looked around the area, trying to place what he was seeing with memories in his head to see if they matched. Sirens were milling around, going about their daily routine but Jimin did not recognize anyone. 

“Stay here.” One of the guards said, leaving Jimin with the other one when they reached the outside of the palace doors. 

After what felt like forever, the guard came back and told Jimin that the Queen requested to meet with Jimin alone.

Jimin nodded and swam into the palace. As he made his way to the throne room, he realized in fear how familiar it looked inside. Jimin thought it had to be impossible, though. His mother was not the Queen. It was not possible. There was nowhere in his memories where he recalled that piece of information.

Once he reached the throne room, he felt anxious realizing that it was completely empty. It was unheard of for a royal to be left alone with a stranger.

“Park Jimin, so you’ve returned.” A frightfully familiar voice said. 

Jimin looked slowly up to the throne and his eyes widened at what greeted him. His mother, on the throne. Her long golden hair flowing down to her golden tail, a silver crown on her head and silver jewels adorning her entire body.

“Mom?” Jimin’s voice cracked and his eyes felt itchy. 

The Queen glowered. “You were not supposed to return here.”

“When did this happen? When did you become the Queen?” Jimin swam closer to her, his head starting to hurt a bit.

“Stay back.” His mother spoke, her voice hardened. “I have always been the Queen. You just never realized it. Nobody knew you were mine, either. To every siren here, you never existed. That is how it should have been.” 

“What are you talking about?” 

“What kind of mother lets her child get caught by a simple fisherman? Please, Jimin.” She lowered her gaze to his face and smiled. “You were a mistake and I had to get rid of you. No Queen should have a child with a human. You are a disgusting half breed.”

“No, no. This does not make any sense. My memories…” Jimin stuttered over his words, his head pounding.

“Sweetheart, your memories were altered obviously. You would have done it too if you had been in the same circumstances as me.” She swam over in front of him. “Poseidon came to me, a year before your 5th birthday. He and I had an affair back, I’d say, about four years before you were born. I'd gotten pregnant and given birth to a full blood siren daughter who he had sent away to Atlantis. He said that when she got older, I could see her again. How could I have my embarrassing half human son around when I had already bore a daughter for the King of the Ocean? It looked bad for me. Don’t you understand?”

Jimin’s mind was spinning. “No…” 

“My daughter is so powerful. You are so humiliating in comparison. I had to get rid of you, don’t you see? I am a feared ruler now. People would have laughed at me if they knew you existed.”

“Mom…” Jimin whimpered, hardly able to keep himself afloat. 

“Don't call me that. It is even suspicious for me to have met with you right now.” She sighed and tilted her head with a dark expression. “Leave now and never return or I will kill you.”

Jimin did as he was told, swimming out of the palace, past the guards, his face and mind blank. The swim back to the ship was uncomfortable. Jimin felt useless more than he usually did. How was he supposed to explain to Hoseok that Hani was his half sibling? What did that mean for him? Were they going to kick him off the ship? Would they kill him? 

Hoseok and Yoongi had watched Jimin leave to go visit the Busan colony, their nerves high, trying to comfort Jimin either way.

“He is like a little brother to me.” Hoseok told Yoongi once they saw Jimin disappear under the water. “I worry about his mental state lately. This cannot be easy for him.”

Yoongi placed a hand on Hoseok’s lower back. “He will be okay, Hoseok. Jimin is so strong for doing this. Let’s have faith in him, okay?”

After a few minutes of watching the ocean with Yoongi at his side, Hoseok decided it was finally time to discuss the fact that they had agreed to be boyfriends. After it had happened, they had not had time to talk about what it meant at all. 

“Yoongi, we need to talk.” 

Yoongi nodded and leaned against the edge of the ship, gazing softly at Hoseok. “I have been waiting for you to bring it up. Our emotions were extremely high that night after we saw your father, I thought we needed to make sure we were on the same page.”

Hoseok licked his lips nervously. “Yoongi, I have feelings for you. Everything I said that night had been true.”

“Okay. I like you also, Hoseok. Is it realistic, though? We are both pirates and on a quest where our survival is not certain.”

“Is that not where the thrill is? Yoongi, if we put it off now, we will just put it off forever. We have feelings for each other. I want to have this relationship with you.”

Yoongi tapped his fingers against the wood of the ship in thought. “Alright. We can be together, but we cannot let it interfere with this quest. Do not put me above your own safety.”

Hoseok laughed. “You should know by now that I would put anyone on this ship above my own safety.”

Yoongi shook his head and sighed. “Just try to think of yourself for once. Promise?”

Hoseok leaned in to press a kiss to Yoongi’s lips, his hands resting on the smaller man’s waist. “Fine.” 

Yoongi stopped Hoseok before the other could deepen the kiss. “We are not done with the conversation.”

Hoseok pouted at Yoongi. “Why? Is it not just us here? Who knows when we will be in this situation again?”

“That is actually what we need to talk about. What do we tell the others?”

Hoseok rested his head on Yoongi’s shoulder in thought. “I think we should hold off on telling them for a bit longer. We are in a stressful situation right now and if we tell them, it will only cause more worry.”

Yoongi hummed and ran a hand through the back of Hoseok’s hair. “Okay.”

“Can I kiss you, now?” Hoseok raised his head back up and pressed his forehead against Yoongi’s. Yoongi chuckled and brought Hoseok in all the way, their lips meeting.

Hoseok found it so easy to get lost in Yoongi. The two of them could barely manage to keep their hands off of each other now that everything had been established. Hoseok never imagined he would find love, ever. He was a pirate known for being ruthless. Who would ever want to be with him romantically? 

The more he pressed his lips against Yoongi’s body the more he thought about how lucky he was.

Hoseok licked and mouthed around Yoongi’s neck, the older groaning softly into Hoseok’s ear.

“Baby, not now.” Yoongi pulled apart from Hoseok, grinning so his gums were on display. “Jimin will be back soon. Let’s not put us in a position where we would scar him for life.”

Hoseok kissed Yoongi, a smile on his lips. “Boring, but understandable. It is hard to control myself around you now that we are together.” 

The two had found themselves back in Hoseok’s quarters. Yoongi was unsure of how they even got there, he had been so caught up in Hoseok.

Hoseok traced a finger over Yoongi’s face. “You are so cute, you know?”

Yoongi snorted. “I am blind in one eye and have a huge ass scar.”

“So cute.” Hoseok grinned, kissing over Yoongi’s scar. “I cannot believe anyone thinks you are scary.”

“I have a ghost army at my command.”

“I’ve talked to Hongjoong and he is a softy.”

Hoseok giggled over Yoongi’s mouth leaning in to meet him again. “My cute pirate boyfriend.”

“It has been a couple hours and Jimin should be back soon, we need to get back to the deck.” Yoongi muttered, his gaze still on Hoseok’s lips.

Hoseok pressed a final kiss onto Yoongi and the two got back up and made their way back to the main deck to wait for Jimin to arrive.

They spotted Jimin about forty minutes later and helped him back onto the ship, Yoongi running to get his clothes to change into. 

Yoongi could tell something was wrong when he returned. “What is going on?”

Hoseok held Jimin who was sobbing, wrapped in his arms. “I don’t know yet, but it does not seem good.”

“Jimin? Can you talk to us?” Yoongi asked softly after helping Jimin change. 

Jimin sniffled but nodded, letting himself fall back in Hoseok’s embrace. “It’s a long story.”

“Take your time.” Hoseok said, rubbing small circles in Jimin’s back. 

“My mother is the Queen of the Busan colony. Hani is my half sister.” Jimin finally spoke, his voice flat and almost emotionless. “To give you a short summary, anyway.”

“Fuck, tell me you’re joking.” Hoseok cursed and Jimin shook his head, tears falling down his cheeks again.

“My mother told me she let me get kidnapped on purpose and called me a disgusting half breed.” Jimin’s gaze fixated on the floor of the ship.  “She altered my childhood memories, i, i, everything I know is a lie.”

“We love you, Jimin. What she did was uncalled for.” Hoseok held Jimin tighter. “Why don’t you go take a nap while we wait for everyone else to return, yeah?”

Jimin nodded and walked down to where the bunks were. 

Hoseok turned to Yoongi, the shock evident on his face. “What the fuck do we do now?” 

Yoongi shook his head, deep in thought. “The others should be back soon. Maybe they found something useful?”

Jungkook and Taehyung were having barely any luck. They had spoken to some vendors at the port market, but most people kept their mouths shut, or were spreading rumors that they knew had to be false. 

After about two hours, Jungkook slumped against the wall of an alleyway in annoyance. “We are getting nothing here. These people aren’t saying what they really know and it is pissing me off.”

“There has to be someone around here who knows something, I just do not understand why they aren’t speaking up.” Taehyung groaned.

“Do you think Hani is threatening them? We saw what she did in Jeju, don’t you think it’s possible?” Jungkook thought out loud and Taehyung nodded. 

“Well, we still have a few hours before we need to meet up at the ship so I guess we need to continue.” Taehyung said after a few moments of silence. Jungkook agreed reluctantly and they walked back out into the port town.

It was obvious to the both of them that they had zero confidence. They had never felt so hopeless about something before and dreaded telling Hoseok that they gained zero information.

That was before they saw the hooded figure. Taehyung noticed first, someone who stood out from the rest of the crowd. They seemed to be watching the two boys and Taehyung nudged Jungkook’s side and gestured to them.

They two boys exchanged a look and tried to follow after the figure. The person was dressed in a black cloak that covered their entire body down to their black boots. 

It became evident soon that the figure knew they were following and were leading them somewhere. Perhaps they should have been more careful, but this had been the most exciting thing to happen all day and the boys were confident enough in their fighting abilities to take on whatever came after them.

They followed the figure into a wooded area and continued on until it seemed like they were in the middle of some forest. The person turned towards them and pulled down the hood.

The boys gasped in surprise. The figure was a girl about their age, with long brown hair, and she was probably the most beautiful person they had ever seen.

“My name is Nayeon.” She finally said, her voice sweet like honey. “I am the daughter of Aphrodite.” 

Jungkook realized something. “Were you the demigod that lived on Jeju island? Hoseok said there was a daughter of Aphrodite there…”

Nayeon chuckled. “Hoseok and I knew each other quite well a few years back. Well, more than a few. I do not think I have seen him in about ten years.”

“How did you escape Hani?” Taehyung asked, his eyebrows raised.

“My mother warned me to leave the island a day before the attack. She told me I needed to leave, but did not tell me the reason. I took one of the spare boats from our dock and came here. Mother told me I needed to protect myself and keep my identity a secret. I found out a few days after I arrived in Busan what had happened. Rumors spread all over town that it was that demigod Hani. The town grew fearful that she would do the same here as they did in Jeju. That is why they refused to tell you anything.”

“Why did you trust us?” Jungkook asked in confusion.

Nayeon smiled. “I would recognize Jung Hoseok’s ship anywhere. Truthfully, I was looking for him, Seokjin, or Namjoon, but could not find any of them. I saw you two asking questions around the port and it wouldn’t take a genius to figure out where you came from.”

“You should come back with us to the ship.” Taehyung said, knowing there was no way Nayeon would stay safe in Busan. 

“I don’t know. I have not heard from my mother in over a week.”

“Please.” The boys pleaded and eventually Nayeon agreed. 

She put her cloak back on and they led her back towards the ship. They would arrive about an hour earlier than scheduled, but the boys knew it was important to get Nayeon to safety as fast as possible.

“Has anyone seen your face?” Jungkook asked as they walked through the port to the ship and Nayeon shook her head.

“I have been extremely careful.” 

Jungkook was not sure if ‘extremely careful’ was enough to keep away from Hani’s prying eyes. 

They helped Nayeon onto the ship and Jungkook went to get Hoseok (and Yoongi) from the Captain’s quarters. 

“You’re back early.” Hoseok said when he answered the door, Yoongi was standing behind him.

Jungkook nodded. “We found someone who will be of interest to you.”

Hoseok and Yoongi followed Jungkook onto the main deck and Hoseok gasped when he saw the person standing there. 

“Nayeon?” Hoseok ran up to her and wrapped her in a tight hug. “I thought you died.”

Nayeon smiled as she and Hoseok broke apart. “I am not going to die

easily, cousin. By the way, where are your sidekicks?”

Yoongi raised his eyebrows at that and glanced at Hoseok. “Cousin?” 

Nayeon looked over at Yoongi and then back at Hoseok smirking, as if she just figured something out. 

Hoseok coughed nervously, knowing that as a child of Aphrodite, Nayeon could feel the feelings shared between him and Yoongi. “Seokjin and Namjoon should be back soon. Uh, everyone, meet Nayeon. She is a daughter of Aphrodite from Jeju island.”

Yoongi gave her a look of surprise. “You’re alive?”

Nayeon quickly recounted what she told Jungkook and Taehyung and as she spoke, Namjoon and Seokjin arrived back on the ship.

“Nayeon?” Seokjin yelled and the two ran over to hug her as well. “I am so glad you are safe.”

Nayeon told her story again and everyone stood, shocked.

“We need to bring Nayeon somewhere safe away from Hani. Busan is not somewhere you want to be.” Namjoon said in thought. “Also, did Jimin get back yet? We need to talk to him about what we found out.”

Hoseok scratched the back of his head nervously. “Jimin is sleeping right now. He is in a very rough situation.”

Seokjin and Namjoon nodded and shared a look before Seokjin spoke up. “We met his father.”

When they had left the ship earlier that day, Seokjin and Namjoon did not think they would find anything of importance at all. They had gone up to several homes and been turned away every single time. The moment people knew what they were there for, they would glare and shoo the boys away.

“This is hopeless.” Seokjin whined to Namjoon. 

“We have a few houses, we cannot give up yet.” 

The next house was small and did not look like it would house a family as the other homes did. A middle aged man answered the door looking exhausted. 

Seokjin jumped right into his script. “Hello, we are wondering if you would be willing to tell us if you have any information about a demigod named Hani?”

The man’s eyes darkened. “I don’t know anything.”

Namjoon turned to Seokjin. “Maybe we should just go back, Jimin probably found something out.” 

They were about to leave when the man called them to stop. “Wait, wait. You said Jimin?”

Seokjin raised an eyebrow. “Yes?”

“I know it is a common name, but I just need to know. Is his surname Park?” The man stared at them, almost hopeful.

Seokjin shared a look with Namjoon. “Do you know him?”

“D-does he have gold hair?”

“How do you know Jimin?” Namjoon demanded. 

The man looked towards the sky as if regretting what he had said. “Come in, we need to talk.”

The house was a disaster. There were things littered around everywhere, dust lining every surface. 

The man fiddled around before speaking. “My name is Park Junsu. I am Jimin’s father.” 

The boys stared at him in disbelief. 

Junsu looked at the floor. “I wanted to raise Jimin, but his mother would not let me see him once he was born. I have not even heard from her since then. We had a spot we would meet up, a dock nobody else knows of. I go back every morning hoping either Jimin or her would show up. I’ve gone around asking if anyone has heard of Park Jimin.”

Namjoon bit his lip. “Jimin was kidnapped as a child and sold into slavery. We saved him about ten years ago.” 

Junsu laughed bitterly. “I see. Fuck. His mother, she was not fit to raise a child but at least she would have been better than being sold…”

“Did you not like his mother? You had a son with her?” Seokjin questioned and Junsu sighed deeply.

“She changed when she found out she was pregnant. I had been a rebound from someone clearly much better than me, and she was disturbed when she found out I got her pregnant. A lowly human got her pregnant. When she told me, she talked down on Jimin like he was an abomination and he hadn’t even been born yet. I hadn’t heard from her until after Jimin had been born. She came to tell me she gave birth and what she had named him. I told her I was willing to raise him instead, but she said would take care of it. I never saw her again, but I never gave up on Jimin.”

The boys considered this, sharing a glance. “Jimin went to find his mother earlier today. He has not seen her since he had been kidnapped.”

Junsu laughed emotionlessly. “She was probably glad he was gone, knowing her. I wish I had known beforehand, it will be harsh on his mind for him to find out how she really feels towards him.” Junsu ran a hand nervously through his hair. “So tell me, how is Jimin? He would be about 23 years old now?” 

Namjoon nodded. “I am not sure if you will find comfort in this, but I do not want to lie. Us and Jimin are part of a pirate ship. You might have heard of Captain Hope?”

Junsun looked grim the more Namjoon spoke. “Ah.. He’s a pirate now?”

Seokjin patted Junsu’s shoulder. “As a ship, we have become a family. I promise it is not as the stories say. We take care of each other and Jimin is happy.”

“I would ask you to bring Jimin here, do you know if that is possible?”

“We would have to talk to Jimin about it, but I do not personally think it is feasible right now as we have a lot to do, but we will ask him.”

Seokjin and Namjoon said their goodbyes to Park Junsu and started heading back towards the ship, unsure what to say to Jimin.

When Jimin woke up, he had been unsure for how long he had actually been asleep. He felt heavy and his cheeks were a bit wet. 

Jimin groaned and closed his eyes tight, wishing he could just go back to sleep. He could hear everyone talking and walking around up above the bunks on the deck. 

Jimin stretched and made his way up, dreading the fact that he needed to tell everyone about him being Hani’s brother. 

Hoseok gave Jimin a sympathetic look when he saw him and Jimin tried not to grimace. 

“I need everyone to gather up for a meeting.” Hoseok called out and Jimin stared at the floorboards, not wanting to make eye contact with anyone in fear of crying again. 

Taehyung ran over and brought Jimin into a tight hug. The dam broke again and Jimin was sobbing. 

It hurt him to cry. His throat burned and his head was pounding. His eyes felt raw and he was drained despite all the sleep he had just gotten. 

Taehyung held him tighter. 

Jimin explained to everyone what he found out, and the others sat in dead silence listening as Jimin did his best to retell the story. 

“Shit.” Jungkook was the first to speak when Jimin finished. “Do you think Hani knows about you?”

Jimin shook his head. “My mother did not want anyone to know about my existence, I highly doubt she would have told Hani.”

Hoseok hummed in thought. “Well, I do have a bit of a plan.” 

Everyone turned to look at Hoseok and Jimin finally noticed the girl who was sitting beside him. 

“This is my cousin, a daughter of Aphrodite named Nayeon, Jimin. I think you two would get along well. I want to take her to Sunmi and discuss a plan of action once we reach her. Sunmi as a daughter of Athena is extremely smart and we would do well to hear what she thinks we should do. I am also sure Sunmi would love to keep Nayeon safe.”

Everyone ended up agreeing with the plan and they set sail to Shanghai. 

“Jimin, do you think Seokjin and I could speak to you for a moment alone?” Namjoon had found Jimin shortly after all of their duties had been done to get the ship off again.

Jimin nodded and followed the two others to the bunks to talk.

“This is going to be hard to hear, you might want to sit down.” Seokjin said softly and Jimin looked at the two curiously before sitting on his bunk.

“We met your father in Busan.” Namjoon looked at Jimin carefully as he spoke, his voice gentle. 

Jimin stared at them, eyes wide. He fisted the sheets on his bunk and took a deep breath. “My father?”

“Yes. It was an accident, but he overheard us mention your name and started asking questions. After talking to him for a bit, we could confirm your story and his match up. And after hearing what you said about meeting your mother, it makes even more sense.”

“Your father said that your mother wanted nothing to do with being a parent. He wanted to raise you himself, but she said she would take care of you.”

Jimin felt like his world was coming down around him. “He wanted me?”

Seokjin and Namjoon sat on either side of Jimin. “Yes.”

Jimin started to wonder what his life would have been like if he had been raised by someone who actually cared about him. It was useless, however, and Jimin knew it. There was no reason for him to think of something that never happened. Besides, he never would have become a pirate otherwise. 

“He wanted to meet you, but we thought you would do well to think things through first.”

Jimin looked at the ceiling in thought. “I want to meet him someday, but now is definitely not a good time. Perhaps when this quest is finished. Then I will go meet him.” Jimin paused his thoughts. “This is a lot to take in. I just found out my mother hates me but my father wanted me all along.” He laughed sadly. “My life is fucked up.”

Seokjin rested a hand on Jimin’s knee. “I think that is what makes our crew special. We all had rough childhoods, but in the end it was the reason we found each other. Family does not have to be one of blood, you know. Family can be chosen as well and we have all chosen each other on this ship.”

Jimin smiled at Seokjin and then turned to Namjoon. “I am glad to have found my family in you all.”

The two took Jimin in their arms and held him close. They knew it was not time to bring up their relationship yet, Jimin needed more time, but for now this was enough. For now they could find this comfort in each other and it was okay. They had each other now and that was what was most important. Relationships could wait.

The ride to Shanghai was always easy. Other boats avoided theirs at all costs, the moment they saw the flag flying proudly. It had been evident lately that people had begun to realize that the Ghost Prince and Captain Hope were sailing together. 

Hoseok loved sitting at the front of the ship and watching how they would cut through the waves with ease. Occasionally they would have seagulls flying through the air as if they were following the ship. Hoseok loved the ocean with all his heart. It had become a part of him the moment he became a Captain. He used to think that nobody understood him better than the ocean does. It was a form of comfort and there were times he dreaded going on land. The land was not able to rock him to sleep the way the ocean did every single night. 

Hoseok loved the smell of sea salt. Whenever he came back after being far off shore on land, it was a way for him to be welcomed back. The way the smell would overwhelm his senses, most might find it gross. Hoseok found it calming.

The ocean was deadly silent in the middle of the night. The only sound from the waves lapping against the side of the ship. There was a porthole next to his bed where he would watch the waves knocking back and forth. He would watch the window go under water, and then up above again. Perhaps the ocean was a type of lullaby for Hoseok. 

Then there was the whales. Hoseok had known exactly what Yoongi meant when the other had said that whales were his favorite part about sailing. Humpback whales were his favorite. There was something he loved about hearing them in the dead of night when it was otherwise silent. Their song was eerie, it almost made Hoseok sad. He loved the way it sounded like it was echoing off of his bedroom walls. If he closed his eyes, he could pretend as if he was there with the whales. Maybe in another life he was a small fish that would swim alongside the whales through the night. Hoseok would like that. 

“What are you thinking about?” Yoongi sat beside Hoseok at the helm.

Hoseok had his eyes closed, he was listening to the waves. “I am not thinking. I am letting the ocean speak to me.” 

“What is it saying?”

“It said that Min Yoongi is super sexy.”

Yoongi cackled and Hoseok opened his eyes and grinned. “Shut up, Hoseok.” 

Hoseok leaned against Yoongi. “It has been awhile since I have gone to the ocean for comfort.”

Yoongi hummed and looked out at the water. 

“At times where I felt as if I had no one, the ocean was still there. The ocean will always be there, you know?” 

Yoongi thought about what Hoseok was saying. The younger had been living on the water since he was a young teenager. “Do you ever get tired of sailing?”

Hoseok rested his head against Yoongi’s. “No. I do not think I will ever want to stop sailing. It was my first love.”

They arrived at Shanghai a few days later and everyone had been anxiously awaiting what Sunmi would tell them. 

“Only Yoongi and I are going to take Nayeon there. It would be too dangerous for a group of eight to go there, especially when Sunmi tries to keep herself closed off.” Hoseok explained once they had docked. 

That meant everyone had free reign over what they would do for the rest of the day, but Hoseok explained that they needed to be as careful as possible. They did not want to get Hani’s attention on them before they were ready to go against her.

“So.” Nayeon started as soon as the three of them started making the journey to Sunmi’s cottage alone. “You two are together?” 

Hoseok sighed deeply and leaned his head on Yoongi’s back. Him and Yoongi had decided to share a horse and Nayeon was riding alone. “I was wondering when you were going to ask. You could tell immediately, couldn’t you?”

Nayeon laughed. “Of course I can, what do you take me for? The others don’t know, do they?”

Hoseok shook his head. “We want them to figure it out because telling them now will only cause unnecessary worry.”

“Right. Hoseok, you know I am proud of you right?”

“For getting a boyfriend? Of course I could. Have you seen me?”

Nayeon rolled her eyes. “I am talking about your journey as a pirate. I have heard the rumors and never knew what to think. Sometimes I thought maybe you had changed for the worse, but after spending time with your crew I realized that you probably are the most kind hearted pirate to exist.”

“Shut up.” Hoseok whined and he could feel Yoongi’s shoulders moving in laughter. 

“He is a sap, isn’t he?” Yoongi added and Hoseok hit his shoulder playfully. 

“Stop conspiring against me. I am the most feared pirate in Asia.”

The rest of the ride to the cottage was easy, the three of them chatted together as if they had known each other their entire lives, cracking jokes, and telling short stories.

Yoongi thought that he really enjoyed having friends.

They arrived soon, and Hoseok looked a bit nervous as he went to knock of the door, he never visited Sunmi this quickly after a visit and he knew she would act annoyed,

Sunmi opened the door to her cottage and deadpanned Hoseok. “What the fuck.”

Hoseok laughed nervously. “I can explain.”

Sunmi slammed the door shut, then after a minute, opened it back up. She stared at them, sighed and paused, looking intently at Nayeon. “Alright, come in and explain why the daughter of Aphrodite is with you. I already have company, anyway. What more is three?”

Hoseok took a moment to realize Sunmi was saying someone else was at her house. Sunmi never (willingly) took in guests and Hoseok was about to ask who when he saw the oracle, Chungha, sat at the table drinking tea. 

“Uh?” Hoseok stuttered and Chungha smirked at him and Yoongi but not saying a word.

Nayeon froze upon seeing Chungha who was wearing her signature gold robes. Nayeon started smoothing over her black cloak and then bowed. “My name is Im Nayeon, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” 

“Why is the oracle here?” Hoseok grumbled, glaring at Sunmi who shrugged. 

“She showed up a few hours ago and said she would be staying for a bit. I wasn’t going to say ‘no’ to the oracle, so.”

“She probably knew we were coming.” Yoongi said and Chungha put down her teacup. 

“Are you all going to continue talking about me as if I am not here? It is nice to meet you, Nayeon. I am Kim Chungha, the oracle of Hong Kong.” Chungha turned to stare at Hoseok. “I see you followed my advice and joined with the Prince.”

“It was not because of you, I made my own choices.” Hoseok frowned and Chungha’s eyes glowed momentarily.

“Sure. Let’s discuss why we have all gathered here.” Her voice was humorous and Hoseok glared, knowing she was not taking him seriously.

Sunmi brewed tea for everyone as they sat around the table, Nayeon eager to sit next to Chungha. 

Hoseok glowered at everyone from his seat.

“Hani grows more powerful everyday.” Chungha finally spoke and then turned to look at Yoongi. “She is angered that you survived her ambush on your ship. Of course, she seems to think you are a demigod which is wrong, but she does not care. Your power is strong and she wants you dead. Once she finds out Nayeon survived as well, she is going to be even more pissed.”

The rest of the table was silent. Chungha sipped her tea, face stoic.

“Hani wants me dead as well. I am not a demigod, but Apollo took me in as the high oracle and to her that is enough. I told my girls to flee to safety three weeks or so ago before I started coming here. Hani is going to destroy my home in Hong Kong, I saw it happen.” 

Chungha shuddered a bit, probably thinking about the place she had worked for years to build up, crumbling to pieces.

“How many demigods are there in East Asia?” Sunmi asked.

“Eleven total. Jung Hoseok son of Ares the god of courage and war, Im Nayeon daughter of Aphrodite goddess of love and beauty, Lee Sunmi daughter of Athena goddess of wisdom and warfare, Lee Taemin son of Apollo god of music and healing , Kim Jinhwan son of Hebe goddess of youth, Kim Byeongkwan son of Hecate goddess of witchcraft, Park Sooyoung daughter of Antheia goddess of gardens, Kim Jiwoo daughter of Psyche goddess of the soul, Hwang Yeji daughter of Eleos goddess of mercy, Byun Baekhyun son of Hermes god of thieves and travellers, and Ahn Heeyeon daughter of Poseidon god of the sea.”

Sunmi looked lost in thought, considering options. “We need to find all of them.”

“What?” Hoseok rubbed his temples. 

“We need to find them and bring them to safety before Chungha gets to them. Their parents will be watching out for them, but it might not be enough, especially since some are the children of minor gods and goddesses.”

“Wait.” Yoongi said in realization. “If we gather all of them together, would it not be possible to combine everyone’s powers to take down Hani?”

Sunmi agreed. “That is what I was thinking as well. Plus we also have you and Chungha who have powers that are as great as those of gods.” 

“So what you are saying is, it is possible that we can win this?”

Sunmi leaned forward. “That is exactly what I am saying.”

It was agreed that Sunmi, Chungha, and Nayeon would all come on the ship for the current quest. There was no reason for them to stay in Shanghai when they needed to get right into planning to find all of the demigods. 

“I do not know if I am excited to see Seokjin and Namjoon after so long. I suppose they are still oblivious in their feelings for each other?” Sunmi asked as they made their way back to the main city.

“You would be correct, however, they have found a third to have feelings for as well and none of them can get it together.” Hoseok said and Nayeon nodded mournfully. After spending a few days on the ship, she had (painfully) come to realize that.

“Infuriating.” Sunmi groaned. “Ah, well, it will be nice to catch up I suppose.”

They arrived at the ship around evening and everyone had already gotten back from their activities during the day and had been waiting for the group to return.

“I thought you would be dropping Nayeon off with Sunmi, but it seems we have gained three people for our ship.” Seokjin noticed when they returned and Hoseok nodded. 

“We have a new plan of action and it requires their help.”

“It is good to see you again, Sunmi.” Seokjin smiled.

“It is, though I wish it was under better circumstances.”

After explaining the plan to the crew, everyone started to get a bit restless, especially Yoongi who had come to quite a grim realization.

“Are you okay?” Hoseok asked, seeing how tense Yoongi had become.

“Well, I know one of the demigods.” Yoongi spoke carefully and Namjoon gasped, remembering something.

Yoongi nodded at Namjoon. “One of the palace performers. If we want to find him, we need to go to the Joseon Palace.”

Hoseok cursed under his breath. “Does anyone have any other leads?”

The rest of the crew shook their heads and Yoongi knew what that would mean. “Fuck. We need to go. There is no other option.”

Hoseok turned to Yoongi and bit his lip nervously. “We can try to see if we can find anything else on the others. We do not need to go to the palace right now.”

Yoongi glared at Hoseok, his head starting to hurt. “We can’t hold off, Hoseok. We will just waste time if we don’t go now. It’s our only lead, we can’t just wander around trying to find someone else when we have a demigod we can get to. Don’t treat me like I'm fragile.”

Yoongi stood off and walked off to the bunks, annoyed. 

Hoseok started to get up to go after Yoongi but Namjoon held him back. “Let him have time alone to clear his mind.”

“You know, he is right.” Sunmi said softly. “We do not have any other choice right now.”

Hoseok knew they were right, he really did. He just was not sure what going to the palace would be like for Yoongi’s mental state. 

Yoongi sat in his bunk trying not to cry. He couldn’t cry, he wasn’t weak. He had always known he would need to visit the palace again at some point. Hoseok and him had talked about it before, the consensus being that after they won the battle against Hani, they could go face Yoongi’s father. 

He had thought he had time to mentally prepare to see his father, and sure, he knew he did not need to go into the palace himself this time. He knew he did not need to, but how else would they get in? Yoongi and Namjoon knew more than anyone else how highly guarded the palace was. It would be impossible for anyone to get in unless there was somebody inside letting them in.

The guards at the palace all knew Yoongi and they knew what he looked like. He grew up around them all, they were trained to protect him. 

He supposed that showing up as the dead Crown Prince was a bit problematic, but it was the only way he could imagine them getting into the palace. 

Yoongi fell back against the bunk and imagined the chaos that would happen if he showed up. It would be the perfect distraction for someone else to get into the palace secretly and find Taemin. 

Yoongi also knew that Hoseok would hate the plan and insist on going with Yoongi into the palace. Hoseok going with him would be a terrible decision. Yoongi’s father would be inclined to kill Hoseok for even showing up with Yoongi. 

What would Yoongi even say to his father? Well, it would be obvious that Yoongi was not actually dead. Yoongi would have to explain that he was now a pirate Captain with his boyfriend (yes Yoongi would add that he had a boyfriend, simply because it would piss off the king so much more). If he was actually going to confront his father, he would need to go all out. It had to be the ultimate distraction. 

But it would also put a target on Hoseok’s back. Logically, Yoongi knew that Hoseok already had one for being the most infamous pirate in Asia, but if Yoongi admitted to dating him… Hoseok would never be able to go back to Hanyang. 

Yoongi didn’t want to do that to the others. It wasn’t fair to make Hoseok and his crew suffer because of Yoongi’s bad life choices. 

Yoongi rolled over on his side and stared at the wall. Just going to the palace risked all of their lives. Whoever would go in to find Taemin would be in extreme danger. Yoongi knew that if anyone died during the plan, he would blame himself forever. Nobody should have to suffer because of Yoongi.

But there was no other way around this. Yoongi knew he needed to talk to Hoseok, he could imagine the younger was super stressed after Yoongi had stormed off after the meeting on the deck. 

Yoongi left the bunk and headed to where Hoseok was most likely brooding in the Captain’s quarters. He was not sure if the ship had started heading to Joseon yet, Hoseok was probably waiting for Yoongi to say something.

Yoongi opened the door to the room slowly and saw Hoseok sitting hunched over at his desk, staring angrily at some maps. 

“Seok…” Yoongi stepped over and stood behind Hoseok, the younger not even acknowledging Yoongi’s presence. 

Yoongi sighed. “I’m sorry for storming off earlier, I needed to clear my head.”

Hoseok turned around and looked up at Yoongi from where he was sitting. “You can’t… You can’t run off when we disagree on something. I was just worried about you, I don’t want to do something if it is going to hurt you.”

Yoongi put his hand on Hoseok’s head and ran it through his hair. “I know, but you can’t make decisions on my behalf either. I thought really hard about everything, and I still think we need to go to the palace.”

Hoseok leaned into Yoongi’s touch and closed his eyes. “I’m coming with you if you go.”

Yoongi knew Hoseok would say this, but he did not want Hoseok anywhere near his father. “No. This is my problem, not yours. I cannot let you put yourself in danger because of me.”

Hoseok stared at Yoongi with a stern expression. “When you agreed to be my boyfriend, your problems became mine as well. I am not letting you go alone, and that is final. We are either doing this together or not doing this at all.”

“This has nothing to do with our relationship. I am going to tell my father you are my boyfriend and if you are actually there, he will try to execute you.” 

Hoseok stood up and grabbed Yoongi’s hand. “He won’t be able to. Have you forgotten who I am? I am not a feared pirate for no reason.”

“Yoongi. You can call on ghosts and have me, the son of the god of war on your side. We can get out of there safely, I promise.”

Yoongi bit his lip. “You won’t be able to go back to Hanyang as long as my father is alive.”

Hoseok laughed and tapped Yoongi on the forehead. “I do not give a fuck about Hanyang. I have no connections there anymore and no need to go back anytime soon. Besides, when this is all over, we can go and actually plan an attack against your father.”

Yoongi knew there was no further reason to argue with Hoseok over this. “Fine. Call a meeting, we need to plan.”

“Aye, aye Captain.”

Everyone stood watching Hoseok and Yoongi, ready to hear what the decision would be. Hoseok had told everyone a few days ago that they were to consider Yoongi a second Captain. It had been a surprise, but everyone was ready to accept it easily. 

“We are going to the palace.” Yoongi finally spoke and the crew looked at each other nervously. “Hoseok and I are going to go straight in and speak to my father, the King. It will serve as a distraction so that two others at least can sneak past and go find Taemin. I have drawn out a layout of the palace. Whoever is going in to get Taemin is going to need to study it.”

Jungkook started to look way too giddy. “Can Tae and I do it? It is kind of what we are best at…”

Yoongi nodded in agreement. “I was thinking the same thing. Are the both of you up for infiltrating the palace?”

Jungkook and Taehyung exchanged looks before both nodding at Yoongi.

“We can do it.” Taehyung said, but Yoongi could see the worry behind his eyes. Taehyung had always been the more cautious of the two, but his skills equaled Jungkook’s after years of training on the ship. Nobody else was more qualified to infiltrate the palace than those two.

“The guards will be too distracted by me showing up to notice the two of you sneaking in. They would never expect me to have ulterior motives.” Yoongi said and the others nodded. 

“Imagine their surprise when the dead Crown Prince shows up…” Namjoon chuckled. “Although, it is likely the King will do something shady if you show back up…” 

“Yes, I thought so. I am going to call on the ghosts and have them at the ready if my father decides to do anything. Hoseok will also be with me.”

“It should work.” Chungha stated after a few moments. “The palace has no reason to suspect you trying to sneak out a performer of all people, I am confident that this will work.”

“Is everyone else in agreement with the plan?” Hoseok asked and scanned the faces of his crew.

“What are the rest of us going to do?” Seokjin spoke up and Hoseok hummed. 

“You will stay on the ship and wait for the four of us to get back. There should be a backup mission in case something goes wrong.”

“If something goes wrong, they should leave.” Yoongi said and Hoseok scowled. 

“Nobody is leaving anyone. If you sense something has gone wrong, two more will come in for backup.”

“Hoseok, they’ll get themselves killed.”

“It is a backup plan. I do not think we will need to resort to that, but I will not risk leaving anyone in Hanyang if there was something that could have been done.”

“Do not worry about us!” Jungkook exclaimed, looking a little too excited. “There is nothing that Taehyung and I can’t do!”

Taehyung looked like he could disagree, but nodded nonetheless. “We will be fine.”

“Okay, fine. Everyone, prepare to sail for Hanyang. We have about a week of travel before we arrive.”

The crew ran off to their respective duties and Yoongi turned to Hoseok. 

“Does it seem like Jungkook is a bit.. Too excited for this?”

“He is always like that, he will be fine.”

Yoongi wasn’t so sure of that. In fact, he was irritated at how everyone was acting like this was not a big deal. 

“Jungkook, do you really think we can do it?” Taehyung asked. The two boys were cuddled up together in a shared bunk looking over the map that Yoongi had given them. They had offered to share so that Chungha and Nayeon would have a sleeping space. Hoseok and Yoongi were also sharing, which was a tad suspicious, but nobody questioned it.

“This is something we have been training our whole lives for, Tae. Imagine if we told past us that we would infiltrate the Joseon palace… It’s so exciting, don’t you think?” Jungkook had a dreamy look on his face.

“I don’t know… We have never done something to this scale before. Look at how huge the palace is… What if Taemin isn’t in the performer chambers when we get there? Then what do we do?” 

Jungkook took Taehyung’s hand. “Tae. Where else would he be? You are overthinking the mission. The Captains have the hardest part of all this. We got off easy. We will be fine as long as we look natural.”

Taehyung leaned his head against Jungkook’s. “I just worry about you getting hurt… Anything could happen. And what if Taemin puts up a fight?”

“If Taemin puts up a fight I will knock him out and carry him over my shoulder. Please don’t worry about me. The more you worry, the more likely it is that something will happen. We have to go into this with confidence.”

“Maybe, but I think you are too confident.”

“Let’s just study this map. So the plan is that Hoseok and Yoongi are going to get to the palace entrance and announce that the Prince has returned. The guards will be so shocked talking to Yoongi and bring him in. We come in then, sneaking in through the entrance before they close the doors.” Jungkook traced his fingers along the map, showing the direction. “It will be dark, plus we will have on the black clothes that Seokjin is sewing for us, along with the black masks. We sneak along the edges of the palace gates. See, the sleeping quarters of the servants and performers are over here.” Jungkook poked a spot in the top left of the page.

“There will be guards patrolling throughout the palace, though.”

“Right, so we have to be careful enough so they don’t see us. If they do, we just need to knock ‘em out. We will have our daggers lined up inside our clothes, they have nothing on us.”

“They will think we are assassins after the current Crown Prince or the royal family.” 

“They won’t even have time to think once I get to them. Okay so we enter the chambers. We ask which one Lee Taemin is and then explain the plan to him. The hard part is actually bringing him out of the palace. We have no idea how his stealth or fighting is.”

“This is all easier said than done.”

“So we sneak out to the gate and Yoongi says we would be able to open it if we are inside of the palace. He said there will be guards already stationed back there after they have brought Yoongi inside. So we just gotta fight them, which is not a problem. We open the gates, and run down to the village. By that time, guards might chase after us, but we will be ahead of them. Plus, they will mainly be after Yoongi and Hoseok who need to escape as well. We get to the ship safe and sound and wait for the Captains to catch up to us.”

Jungkook looked so proud of his plan, but Taehyung thought it sounded way too easy. “I don’t think you are considering all possibilities.”

Jungkook sighed and squeezed Taehyung’s hand. “Trust me on this. I will get you out of there  safely, I promise. I will not let anyone get a hand on you if it is the last thing I do. Besides, as I said before, the guards will be focused on the Captains. They will not care about us.”

Taehyung wanted to say that he was mainly worried for Jungkook, but held himself back. Taehyung had always thought that Jungkook’s confidence would be his downfall. Jungkook could still sense Taehyung’s fear and cuddled into him as the two of them started to fall asleep. Taehyung could feel once Jungkook had, but he himself was wide awake. Taehyung loves Jungkook so much that it hurts him sometimes. He just wished he wasn’t such a coward and was actually able to tell him how he felt.

Taehyung thought about all the times that he had to patch up Jungkook after the younger one had done something dangerous. Jungkook would always tell Taehyung he would be fine, and then he would end up in the infirmary with Taehyung treating him.

It hurt Taehyung to see Jungkook in pain. He would pretend that it was fine, that it didn’t actually hurt that bad, but Taehyung would see the way he flinched when he would clean his wounds. 

Jungkook would laugh it off and say that you can’t be a pirate without scars.

Taehyung just wanted Jungkook to think about his own life for once. He would not be able to live with himself if Jungkook died and there was something he could have done to stop the younger from doing whatever reckless thing it had been.

Taehyung watched Jungkook, his face peaceful as he dreamed. How could he be so calm while Taehyung was so stressed out? 

Taehyung leaned into Jungkook further, resting his face into Jungkook’s hair. He was overthinking, they would get out of this. If anyone could pull this off, it was Jungkook. Taehyung tried to convince himself as he slowly drifted off to sleep. They would be okay.

Yoongi was not okay and everyone knew it. It was so obvious with how spaced out he was the next few days. They were almost at Hanyang, and the closer they got, the further away Yoongi seemed.

Hoseok was concerned when he woke up in the middle of the night and noticed the spot next to him empty. If there was anything Yoongi needed, it was sleep. Hoseok rolled out of bed and walked to the deck of the ship, immediately spotting Yoongi at the helm, staring off at the sea.

“Hey.” Hoseok sat in the space next to him and Yoongi leaned against Hoseok instantly. 

They were silent for a few minutes, Hoseok not saying anything even though he could tell Yoongi was crying.

“I wish we didn’t have to do this.” Yoongi finally spoke, his voice breaking. 

“I can turn the ship around right now.”

“No, Hoseok. I may not want to, but I know there’s nothing else we can do. I need to suck it up. I keep imagining all the possibilities of what will happen once we get to the palace. I’ve had nightmares of my father killing you in all sorts of ways and making me watch. He would find it hilarious, killing someone I care about right in front of me. He’s sick like that. If we can actually escape the palace, he will do everything in his power to find us even if we leave Joseon. If there’s anything at all I have in common with him, we are both stubborn. He will want to capture everyone and make me watch as he kills them. I don’t know what he will do to me after, I don’t think he would let me die so easily. He would find some other ways to torture me.”

Hoseok listened carefully and wrapped his arms around Yoongi, pressing a kiss to his temple. “I won’t let him do anything to me, or to you. He will kill himself trying to get to us. The entire palace has nothing on us. Sure, they have trained to fight, but pirates don’t follow the rules. We fight dirty and that is something he is not ready for. Plus, what you have told me about your ghosts is that they were always loyal to you instead of your father. I think you have the hearts of your people.”

“I have not been back in five years. My father has probably spread vicious rumors about me, just to spite me for dying. He had time to convince everyone there that I died as a coward. Me showing back up will prove him right. I am a coward. I ran away from the crown. That is the worst offence I could have done. And then I became a pirate.” Yoongi sniffed. “Being a pirate goes directly against the crown. By becoming what I have, I have defied my family. Once word gets out that I am the Ghost Prince it will be a great embarrassment to the royal family. My father is going to despise me even further. People will call him weak if he doesn’t kill me. The word of the public is everything to the royal family. Our reputation was the most important thing, even above us as an actual family. My father is going to be so mad.”

“Oh well.” Hoseok squeezed Yoongi’s side. “So what if he is mad? I don’t give a fuck. He can be mad all he wants, but he will never get to us. We should just embarrass him further, don’t you think?”

Yoongi laughed, despite his tears. “Sure, if we can actually get out of the palace alive. We have a death wish walking in there.”

“Don’t underestimate me.”

They were a day away from Hanyang, now. Yoongi had gotten physically sick the night prior and Hoseok had to hold him as Yoongi sobbed and threw up over the side of the ship. Hoseok refused to leave Yoongi’s side during the trip, always there to comfort him when his thoughts got too much. The crew members knew there was something going on between the two, but it would be inappropriate to tease them when Yoongi was in such a state. 

Yoongi was beside himself when they pulled into the port. The sun was shining and birds were singing, but Yoongi felt like he had waltzed right into the underworld. Yoongi barely listened as Hoseok went over the plan again with them. They were to spend the day until the sunset on the ship getting everything prepared. 

Yoongi felt like his life was reduced down to mere hours. Hoseok did not seem to understand the gravity of the situation, which bothered Yoongi as well. He joked around about things he wanted to say to the King, obviously trying to make Yoongi laugh. 

Yoongi was not laughing.

Taehyung was the only one who seemed to empathize with Yoongi. The younger pirate was pale and had dark eye bags from lack of sleep. He was not joking around with Jungkook. Yoongi appreciated that Taehyung was scared, it made him feel less alone.

He had gone up to Yoongi a couple days before they had reached Hanyang and had asked if there was any chance they would survive. Yoongi was not someone to sugarcoat and he told Taehyung straight up he thought that him and Jungkook would be okay, but that Hoseok and himself probably wouldn’t be. Yoongi had even told Taehyung that if Hoseok and Yoongi did not get out alive, to just leave the port. Yoongi told Taehyung to save himself and leave Yoongi there if he needed to.

Hoseok did not know that Yoongi had said so, and it was better that way. Hoseok did not know Yoongi’s father. That man was sick and twisted beyond belief. Yoongi could not imagine how much worse he had become since he left. He was a violent king, but the public knew nothing about that. They did not know what the King did when nobody was looking. They did not know what he had caused for his sons to go through.

When the sun started setting, Yoongi knew he needed to get it together. He could not go into the palace looking like he feared for his life, that would only humor his father. Yoongi needed to look the part of a pirate.

“Are you ready?” Hoseok wrapped himself around Yoongi’s back and rested his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, planting a kiss on his cheek.

“As ready as I'll ever be. Let’s do this.”

Hoseok grinned. “Okay.”

The four boys left the ship. Yoongi and Hoseok were in their traditional pirate clothes, Hoseok in his long red coat and Yoongi in his black one. He had a mask over his face that he would take off once the guards questioned them. He hoped they would recognize him despite how he looked nothing of a prince anymore. The last time he had been there, he had long healthy black hair that had gone down to his waist. He had not had a huge white scar over his eye. Yoongi knew it was going to look suspicious with him returning, he knew it. The guards would be on high alert the moment they knew who he was. This plan was a death wish.

The younger boys were in tight black robes that Seokjin had made for them, the insides lined with weapons. They had masks covering the bottom parts of their faces. Jungkook bounced around happily saying he looked like an assassin. 

They walked into the village all together, the market filled with nightlife and vendors yelling out, trying to promote their products. 

It was nostalgic to both Hoseok and Yoongi who had grown up around this, both of them recognizing vendors as they walked past. 

People would run out of the way upon seeing who was walking through, hoping that the pirates would not do anything to harm them. It was not an odd occurrence to have pirates in Hanyang, but such high profile ones at one time was definitely rare. He could hear the whispers, rumors that were spreading. 

Yoongi felt a twinge of sadness. True, he hated his childhood. He hated being a Prince, but his happiest memories had been visiting the market and seeing Namjoon playing around with his friends. Yoongi would pretend in his mind that he was with them as well, maybe a poor child that grew up stealing in the market. It had always seemed selfish of him to wish that, but he did not care.

Eventually they reached the end of the market, coming to a dirt path that led up to the entrance of the palace. Yoongi told Taehyung and Jungkook that it was time for them to stay back in the shadows, following behind Yoongi and Hoseok but out of sight. It was easy because there were trees on either side of the path that the boys would weave between, out of sight to the rest of the world. The boys gave Yoongi a hug and Taehyung held Yoongi tight and whispered words of encouragement. This was not an easy task for anyone to go through.

The palace was surrounded by a huge wall, you could not see in or out of the palace. The only spot where you could enter was where the gate was, two large doors that had two guards on either side. Assassins had tried to go from the trees to the top of the wall, but they would get shot down from archers waiting on the other side keeping a close eye on the wall and surrounding areas. 

Yoongi knew there would be guards on the other side of the palace, ready incase anyone were to sneak in. He could feel Taehyung and Jungkook’s eyes on his back, but their presence invisible to anyone else. He just hoped they would be okay. If anyone could do this mission successfully, it was them. Yoongi and Hoseok did not have much of a chance of survival, but they did. 

They had to survive.

Hoseok squeezed Yoongi’s hand before they got too close to the doors. “Are you ready? We can still turn back.” 

Yoongi gave Hoseok a comforting look, maybe to convince himself. Then he walked forward, Hoseok at his side.

As much as Yoongi had complained about Hoseok joining him for this, he was glad. If Hoseok had not been there, Yoongi might have been trembling. Nobody would have taken him seriously, but Hoseok gave him a rush of confidence that he needed.

“Why have you come before us?” A guard yelled out as Yoongi and Hoseok got close. 

The two guards brought their swords into their chests. “It is the Ghost Prince and Captain Hope.”

Yoongi took a deep breath. He knew these guards. He had vivid memories of them waving to him anytime he left or entered the palace growing up until the time he had left. He remembered talking to them on a few occasions. He hoped that they would not try to kill him.

Yoongi needed to be brave for Hoseok, for the rest of the crew. He needed to be brave.

Yoongi stepped up and took his mask down. It was a moment before the guard on the left realized who exactly he was looking at. His eyes widened comically and he got down on his knee and bowed. “Crown Prince Min Yoongi.”

The other guard gasped. “It is impossible…” 

Yoongi cleared his throat. “I am here to see my father.”

“Your Highness… Is it really you? Are you a ghost?” The one who had kneeled stood back up, his face pale. 

“I need to see my father.” Yoongi repeated himself.

The guards looked between each other nervously. “Why are you here with a wanted pirate?”

“Captain Hope is to come with me. We need to see my father. Please bring us to him.”

The guards nodded their heads. They both thought it was extremely bizarre that a presumed dead prince had returned as a pirate, with another pirate at his side, but they could not risk disobeying royalty. “Okay, okay. We… Of course, your highness.”

In their heads they were already making up stories, trying to figure out how this had happened. 

The two of them stepped to either side of the gate and signalled for the other side to open the doors. 

The gates opened and Yoongi’s heart pounded in his chest. The plan would commence now. He was going to see his father.

“If I ever had to leave the palace, do you think you would be okay?” Namjoon and Yoongi were sitting in Yoongi’s sleeping quarters at a table in the center of the room sipping on some tea that had been brought over by one of the palace servants.

“Why would you ever leave?” Yoongi snorted as he picked up his tea cup. Truthfully, he did not want to think of a life without Namjoon. 

“It’s hypothetical. What if I

Yoongi huffed and squinted at Namjoon. “Well, it’s never going to happen so it’s not something I am keen on thinking about.”

Namjoon nodded, Yoongi could tell he was deep in thought.

“You always think too hard, just enjoy life a bit more.” Yoongi laughed, looking adoringly at his closest and only friend (and his crush).

Yoongi had first met Namjoon when he was 7 and Namjoon had been 5. Namjoon’s parents had brought their child to the palace and begged them to take him in, explaining that he is a genius and needed to be trained as a palace scholar. Yoongi was not even supposed to have seen the exchange between the palace court and the poor villagers, but he had been running away from his guard and came across it. He had walked into the room full of nobles and ran up to Namjoon, to the horror of everyone else in the room.

“Who are you?” Yoongi had asked, not used to seeing someone else his age that was not his brother in the palace.

“Your Highness!” Yoongi’s guard had finally caught up to the child and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw what Yoongi was doing. “Your Highness, we need to leave here right now.”

Yoongi ignored him, what else was new?

“Kim Namjoon.” The other child muttered nervously and Yoongi grinned. 

“Okay! We can be best friends. I’m Yoongi.” Yoongi bounced up and down in excitement.

Yoongi didn’t notice, but his guard had an extremely distressed look on his face.

“Your Highness!” Several of the nobles yelled out. Yoongi turned around to face them.

“This is my new best friend.” Yoongi announced, pointing at Namjoon, causing several groans of annoyance. Nobody could say anything to counter the boy, as even though he was a child, he was still the crown prince.

“Do you wanna play with me?” Yoongi turned back to the boy, his head tilted in curiosity, not noticing how terrified the child’s parents looked once they had figured out who was talking to their son.

Namjoon gripped his mother’s hanbok but nodded.

The court realized they were going to have to accept the 5 year old as a scholar in training, begrudgingly. 

Yoongi’s guard ended up pulling him away from Namjoon, but Yoongi would not stop talking about the encounter for the rest of the day. He ranted excitedly to his younger brother, Yoonsuk, about it when he saw him coming out of one of his studies. 

Namjoon had started his training the following day and it was rigorous. The palace scholars did not care that Namjoon was a child and forced him to follow all of the same rules. The only solace that Namjoon found in it all was when Yoongi would sneak away and come play with him. 

Namjoon came to realize that Yoongi was actually the Crown Prince, but it had not changed anything. They were only children and neither of them cared about formalities.

Perhaps it was Namjoon that kept Yoongi sane all that time. Yoongi’s father had been the opposite of thrilled when he found out about Yoongi’s friend. 

“You do not have time for silly friendships!” His father had screamed at Yoongi. “All I hear about is how you don’t pay attention in your classes and sneak away from your guards! Are you trying to embarrass me?” 

Yoongi sobbed where he stood in front of his father, his little hands forming fists at his side. “Yoonsuk never plays with me! I just want someone to play with!”

Yoongi’s father smacked him across the face and snarled. “Don’t talk back to me and do as you are told.”

After that meeting, Yoongi had run to find Namjoon and cried in his friend’s arms. Namjoon had not understood why Yoongi had been crying, but as they got older and Namjoon experienced that side of his friend more often, he began to realize what was happening. 

Yoongi barely talked about it with Namjoon, just coming to him in tears and Namjoon would cheer him up, not asking for an explanation. There was nothing he could do, anyway. Yoongi’s father was the King.

Namjoon was the only person that Yoongi felt comfortable coming to. As he got older, his younger brother became more like a proper royal and Yoongi found that he did not enjoy spending time with him anymore. 

Yoonsuk had never been interested in playing with Yoongi and Namjoon even when he had been younger. He took his classes much more seriously, never having been exposed to friends his age at the palace. What else was he to do?

“You need to focus on your studies more,” Yoonsuk would say, looking concerned. “I keep hearing that you slack off. You are the future king.” 

Yoongi would roll his eyes and go off to find Namjoon to complain. Spending time near any of his family members had become a chore. 

Even his dear brother, Yoonsuk.

Not only that, but their mother had always much preferred Yoonsuk, saying that he was much cuter than Yoongi. She would always say that Yoonsuk would have a much easier time finding a bride with how studious he was.

Anytime spent with his mother, Yoongi would just get berated and made fun of.

Namjoon’s palace life was not particularly fun either. Him and Yoongi would spend nights sitting in Yoongi’s quarters complaining to each other. 

“They are finally going to let me go down to the village myself.” Namjoon told Yoongi one night. The younger boy was 12 at the time and Yoongi was 14. “Tomorrow, it is going to be my first time.”

Yoongi had frowned. “I wish I could go with you, but they never let me leave without a million guards. It would not be fun.” 

Namjoon agreed, wishing it was not that way. “I will tell you all my stories, it will be like you have been there yourself.” 

Yoongi gave Namjoon a small smile. “I would really like that.” 

Namjoon kept his promise and anytime he returned from the village (once a week), he would tell Yoongi everything that happened in great detail. He would talk about the friends he had made there, and Yoongi tried his best to ignore the burn of jealousy he felt in his gut. 

What if Namjoon forgot about him one day? He would realize that hanging out with Yoongi was not fun compared to his other friends. Yoongi would pretend everything was okay. He would pretend that he was not starting to see Namjoon differently.

feelings were not normal. Yoongi’s father had told Yoongi that he would start to look at girls. He told Yoongi that it is time Yoongi starts to think of girls he would like to be arranged with. 

Yoonsuk was Namjoon’s age and had already told Yoongi about girls around the palace that he had interest in. Yoongi was two years older than both of them and had never thought that way about any girls. He supposed that maybe it was because he needed to meet girls that were new to him. Maybe he was just used to everyone at the palace too much to feel differently. 

That was before he started wondering what it would be like to hold Namjoon’s hand. 

That was before he started blushing whenever Namjoon would smile at him.

Yoongi was 15 when he accepted that he had feelings for Namjoon. It was inevitable and the longer Yoongi pushed the feelings away, the worse he felt about them, the worse that he felt about Namjoon. Feeling jealous while listening as your best friend talks about how cool his other friends are is simply not normal. 

So Yoongi accepted it. 

He knew that it would never be possible for him or Namjoon to be together, he was the Crown Prince and was expected to marry a noble’s daughter. It kept Yoongi awake until the ungodly hours of the night. As Yoongi got into his mid teens, his father continued to push the idea of marriage onto him. Yoongi would say that he hadn’t met any girls of interest yet, and his father would suggest setting Yoongi up with someone else. Yoongi’s father said that once Yoongi reached 16 he would start bringing in girls for him to meet and see if there was anyone he would have interest in. Yoongi agreed even though he knew there was only one person he would have on his mind while thinking about marriage. Someone unattainable.

It didn’t help that Namjoon would talk about his friend, Seokjin, like he was the most amazing person in existence. Yoongi would be silent while Namjoon talked about every little thing that Seokjin had done that day. 

“What do you like about him so much?” Yoongi had asked one day, masking his irritation with curiosity. He realized he should not have asked when he saw the way Namjoon’s eyes lit up. 

Namjoon and Yoongi would lay next to each other on Yoongi’s floor and Yoongi would listen. Yoongi would pretend that he was the one that Namjoon talked about like that.

“Do you ever tell them about me?” Yoongi asked one day when he was 16 and Namjoon was 14. 

“Of course I do! You’re my best friend! Although they don’t really believe me when I say that I’m best friends with the crown prince.” Namjoon chuckled and Yoongi’s heart warmed.

Namjoon talked about him. Yoongi was his best friend.

It was a year later when Yoongi decided to go down to the market. He knew he would be surrounded by guards and would not get a chance to even talk to Namjoon, but he just wanted to see for himself.

Yoongi had one purpose for going to the market, and maybe it would just hurt him more. It was not long before Yoongi saw Namjoon, his tall lanky friend. Namjoon was standing at a vendor stand (he remembered Namjoon telling him that Seokjin’s mother owned one) and saw two other boys that Namjoon was with. He could tell immediately which one was Seokjin. Maybe Namjoon had not been lying when he said that Seokjin is the most beautiful person he had ever seen. 

Yoongi scoffed to himself, but then saw Namjoon make eye contact with him, his eyes lighting up. Yoongi gave his friend a small wave and his eyes moved to the other person in their group. Another handsome boy who looked at Yoongi in amazement and awe. This must have been Hoseok, the other boy Namjoon talked about.

Yoongi regretted going to the market the moment he moved on from the group and they were out of sight. He felt so dull, so lonely. Seeing Namjoon with his friends made Yoongi realize how boring his life really is. 

Something needed to change.

Yoongi had started studying necromancy when he was 15. It had been just a small fascination at first, the idea of ghosts and the underworld. Namjoon had told Yoongi that it was super creepy and Yoongi laughed and said he was just curious. 

But a year later and seeing Namjoon with his friends, Yoongi wished he was not as lonely as he was. There would be no harm in trying to summon ghosts, right?

Namjoon would murder him if he knew what Yoongi was considering so he kept it to himself. Witchcraft was looked down upon from the palace, it was illegal. Something such as necromancy was seen as dark magic and it was the worst kind to study, but Yoongi felt so drawn to it. It could have been the thrill of doing something so illegal that interested Yoongi. He was known for being rebellious. The palace guards always assumed he was up to something, and he usually was. He slacked off in classes, snuck away from his guards. He knew that the royal court looked down on him and he knew that his father thought of him as a disappointment. 

“This is why you need a wife, someone who can put you in your place.” His father would say in their meetings. 

As Yoongi got older, his father had gotten worse. He had kept to his word and once Yoongi turned 16, his father started bringing in girls for Yoongi to spend time with. 

Yoongi got along with a lot of the girls really well, but it had been in a friendship sense. They were usually kind, but Yoongi could tell a lot of them were trying to suck up to the crown prince and did not really care for Yoongi himself. Yoongi had considered picking a girl who he got along with well, but he just could not imagine spending his life with someone who was only after his title.

His father would scream and smack Yoongi around anytime Yoongi turned down another girl. “Have you heard the rumors?” His father yelled one day, Yoongi had just turned 17. “They are saying you are a cocksucker! All you do is embarass me! You are nowhere fit to be a king, you should honestly just kill yourself. Your brother is much more fit for the position.” 

Yoongi knew his father was right. Yoonsuk was the perfect prince. He was poised and charming. He excelled in all of his classes and he was perfect in their father’s eyes. Yoongi knew that his father had considered murdering him (his father had mentioned it to his face), but it was probably just that his father would be even more embarrassed if his oldest son ‘mysteriously’ died.

Yoongi did one thing better than his younger brother, the most useless thing. The people adored Yoongi. On the rare occasion that Yoongi would go to the market, he would do his best to be as kind as possible to the townspeople. He was personable and even the palace servants loved him as well.

Yoonsuk was a menace. Yoongi loved his brother, he really did, but Yoonsuk was starting to become just like their father.

He would berate Yoongi and push him around. 

It was in those moments where Yoongi would realize he only had Namjoon, and also why he really thought about summoning ghosts to hang out with him.

He studied endlessly on necromancy. Yoongi was smart, and he knew it. His teachers would disagree, there were whispers that Yoongi was dumb and not fit for king. That was simply because Yoongi did not care about classes on etiquette or war planning. It was boring and did not interest him at all. But Witchcraft? It was rebellious and fun. 

“If you left me, Namjoon…. I don’t know if I could go on.” Yoongi whispered to himself. Namjoon had recently said goodnight to Yoongi and went to his own room. They were 18 and 16 and Namjoon had asked if Yoongi would be okay if he ever were to leave.

Yoongi would never admit it, but the only reason he was able to wake up everyday was because of Namjoon. The only reason he had held off on summoning a ghost was because he had Namjoon. 

Namjoon was everything to Yoongi.

When Yoongi woke up the next morning, he knew something was wrong almost immediately. His guard was acting suspicious and wary of Yoongi. Yoongi’s first thought was that (he hoped) his father had come down with some incurable illness or something. 

He went about his day normally, finding out his father was unfortunately as healthy as always. Yoongi wondered if he was just imagining how weird his guards were acting around him. By late afternoon, Yoongi said he was going to see Namjoon and his guard stopped him. 

“Your Highness. Scholar Kim is gone.”

Yoongi raised an eyebrow. “When will he come back? Is he at the market?” 

The guard’s eyes flicked around nervously. “Well, actually.” The guard cleared his throat. “Scholar Kim left a note stating that he, uh, would not be returning.”

Yoongi stood in shock before bursting out in laughter. “Was this his idea of a prank? He is not fooling me. I will go see him now.”

The guard looked at Yoongi mournfully. “Your Highness, he is gone.”

“Shut up.” Yoongi yelled. This joke was not funny. “I am going to see him.”

The guard followed behind as Yoongi rushed to where the scholars lived. 

“Where is Kim Namjoon?” Yoongi demanded as he entered the main room. There was a group of men inside who bowed upon Yoongi’s entry.

“Your Highness, we have a note from him for you.” Scholar Park, an elder, spoke and handed Yoongi a scroll.

Yoongi opened it up hastily.

‘My friend, Min Yoongi. 

If you are seeing this, that means I have left. It was something I needed to do for reasons I cannot explain in this letter. In the future, let’s meet again. You will be King and I will be a simple peasant. We can catch up then and I will tell you some amazing stories. Do not do anything you will regret in the time we are apart. You will forever be my best friend, and you need to hold on until we meet again. Promise me that?

Yoongi stared at the letter, not noticing as tears ran down his face. “No… This isn’t funny...” 

“Come on, Your Highness, let’s get you to your quarters.” His guard’s voice was soft, placing a hand on Yoongi’s shoulder.

Yoongi barely registered what was going on around him as his guard led Yoongi back to his room. 

“If I ever had to leave the palace, do you think you would be okay?”

Yoongi heard Namjoon’s voice from the night prior clear in his head. 

He had said it was hypothetical, he had lied. 

Yoongi clutched the letter to his chest. Why would Namjoon leave Yoongi like this? He must have found out how Yoongi felt about him… He must have known Yoongi was in love with him.

Yoongi laughed emotionlessly to himself when he was left alone in his room. Namjoon must think he is disgusting. That’s why he left. Everyone leaves Yoongi, nobody wants to be around someone like him. Namjoon must be laughing with his new friends, telling them how gross Yoongi is. 

Hot tears ran down his face and splashed onto his hanbok, his throat on fire and his eyes red. If Namjoon was no longer at the palace, then what was the point of living any longer? 

Yoongi should listen to his father and just kill himself. 

But then, Yoongi did not want to please his father. Killing himself would be the first thing Yoongi would ever do right, and he did not want that.

Yoongi needed to escape the palace. 

He needed to plan. Yoongi clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth, went into his washroom and dried his tears. 

Do not do anything you will regret in the time we are apart.’

Namjoon had written in his letter. Yoongi snorted bitterly. Fuck you, Namjoon. Namjoon was no longer there to advise Yoongi about anything. He could not stop him from practicing necromancy.

And thus, Yoongi started planning. 

Summoning a ghost was not as easy as previously thought. Yoongi had decided on a guard that had died when Yoongi had been 17. It was a young guy named Hongjoong. Hongjoong and Yoongi had gotten along quite well in the two years they knew each other before the guard died in battle. 

Yoongi had read that summoning a ghost that had been close to you, and someone who had died more recently was easiest to summon. He also knew it took people years before they could successfully summon something, and on many occasions, it would go wrong and result in the summoner's death.

Yoongi did not care about dying, it was just another form of escape.

Yoongi was 20 when he summoned Hongjoong for the first time. It had been the middle of the night and Yoongi wanted to try summoning a proper ghost. He had prepared and done all the research possible. 

The spell was fairly simple for someone with high authority. Yoongi paid off his current servants to get him the items needed and for them to keep their mouths shut. None of them knew what he was planning, none of them wanted to know.

Whispers spread that the Crown Prince was going insane.

“What the everloving fuck?” Was the first thing Hongjoong said upon appearing in Yoongi’s room. His eyes were wide and he looked around frantically. “Your Highness?”

“Hi, Hongjoong.” Yoongi greeted the ghost after a moment.

“Did you die? Why am I with you right? God, this is extremely unfortunate.” Hongjoong sighed mournfully, shaking his head. “Too young to die, ah gods.”

“I did not die, I summoned you to me.” Yoongi stated, still in shock that he managed to summon the guard.

“You WHAT?” Hongjoong yelled and Yoongi shushed him, glaring. “Wait, wait, wait. Give me a moment to process.” 

The ghost closed his eyes and paused before opening them back up and staring at Yoongi. “Your Highness, no offense to your greatness, but what the fuck?”

Yoongi grinned. Death clearly had not changed Hongjoong in the slightest. “I am planning to escape the palace and you are going to help me.”

Hongjoong tapped his foot nervously. “You want me… to aid you… in escaping the palace…”

“This is the worst idea you’ve ever had. Where is Namjoon?”

Yoongi winced. “He left two years ago, which is why I must leave. There is no reason for me to stay here.”

“Ah. Well, I’m already dead, so what is the harm?” 

“That’s the spirit.”

“Not funny, your highness.”

Yoongi needed to become even more powerful, he knew that. Hongjoong and him had decided that Yoongi should fake his own death which would be a huge feat in itself. Yoongi could not simply leave the palace like Namjoon had. Guards would be sent all over the country to look for him, there would be nowhere for him to go. He would be caught within moments. 

In the next couple years, Yoongi practiced summoning more of his old guards. It became easy after a while, especially with Hongjoong’s help. At just a quick thought, a ghost could appear at his leisure. Yoongi eventually stopped once he reached his eighth ghost. It would be enough. His plan was complicated and Hongjoong argued with Yoongi on it for a while.

“You want to be a PIRATE? You have got to be joking.” The ghost was distraught when Yoongi first brought it up.

“Yes, so I need you and the others to prepare me a proper ship.”

Hongjoong, at this point, should have just expected Yoongi to say these things. “A ship, sure, sure. Just give us some time.” 

Yoongi had agreed, he would not be able to enact his plan in some time anyway. 

Pirates had always been enticing to Yoongi. Namjoon would tell him about the ones he, Hoseok, and Seokjin had come across in the market. It was illegal and perfect. It was freeing. Yoongi loved that pirates did not follow any kingdom or rules. He wanted it to be him so badly. He imagined himself sailing across the ocean, exploring lands he had never even thought he would see before. He would not need to worry about marriage or war. He would not need to worry about his father.

That was another reason Yoongi wanted to become a pirate. Yoongi had always known how to fight, it was possibly the only part of his training he paid attention to. Anytime he dueled a partner, he would pretend he was fighting his father. By becoming a pirate, Yoongi could start getting stronger, enough to where he could take revenge on his father. 

Yoongi had a deep hatred for that man. It was because of him that Yoongi was miserable, it was the reason why Yoonsuk became unbearable to be around. 

Yoongi wanted to kill him one day. Whenever he felt like he could no longer go on, he would picture a day where he would murder his father. Perhaps it was morbid, but Yoongi did not care. That man ruined his life and he would pay for it. It was not like he was a popular king, anyway. Yoongi knew that the people of Joseon did not like his father. Yoongi knew they were all waiting for the day that the king would die and he would take over. Yoongi hoped that his brother would be a good king. There was no way possible for Yoongi to be accepted as a king after faking his death and assassinating the current ruler.

Yoongi was 23 years old when Hongjoong told him that the ship was ready. It was time for Yoongi’s plan to take action. 

“You know, we do not need to do this. We can just forget the idea completely and laugh about it later in your life.” Hongjoong said a few minutes later.

“No, I am leaving tonight.” Yoongi replied and Hongjoong groaned.

“Right, of course you are. I am glad at least that you have chosen to do this while I am dead. I would hate to see the trouble this would cause.”

“Uh huh.” Yoongi murmured, not listening to the whining of the ghost. “Alright. We need to go to the prison cells.”

“You don’t need me for that, right? I can just stay here and wait. Haha.” Hongjoong scratched the back of his head with nerves.

Yoongi deadpanned him. “How else am I supposed to move a person here without you?”

“Right, right…”

Hongjoong complained the entire time they walked to the prisons which was located in the underground portion of the palace. 

It was not just the regular prison they were going to, either. It was to the prisoners that were awaiting execution. People that were to die anyway, people that if they went missing, would not cause suspicion. 

Yoongi had never been down there before. The guards guarding the entrance looked at each other in confusion as Yoongi requested to enter. Who were they to question the Crown Prince? And so Yoongi walked in.

It was eerily silent where the cells were. Yoongi could only hear a faint dripping noise, probably from when it had rained the day before. It was cold, Yoongi could see his breath in front of himself as he continued forward. 

The cells were tiny and could only fit a single person. The main prison had a huge cell that contained everyone at once, but this prison looked almost torturous. Someone would rather die immediately than need to be in one of these cells.

Yoongi scrunched his nose in distaste as he continued forward, his steps echoing on the walls. The prisoners seemed like they were close to death to begin with, and some might have already been dead, Yoongi was not sure.

Yoongi crouched in front of a cell and examined the person inside. The man stared back, fear evident on his small face. The man seemed to be about Yoongi's age. 

“When did you arrive here?” Yoongi asked and the man shuddered.

“Two weeks ago.”

“Why are you here?”

“Was a part of a coup planning to assassinate the King.” The man’s voice grew smaller with each word as if he was terrified of how Yoongi would react.

Yoongi chuckled and gave the man a smile. “I admire you for that.”

The man stared at Yoongi in confusion and fear. 

“God it’s so fucking cold in here… Hongjoong, take him to my room. Do not let him leave.”

Hongjoong, who had been cowering behind Yoongi, nodded and teleported the prisoner to Yoongi’s room. 

The guards bowed to Yoongi as he left the prison. 

“It is pretty much Hell in there, huh.” Yoongi muttered to them and they nodded.

“The King wanted the absolute worst for the prisoners, Your Highness.”

Yoongi left the underground prison and walked back to the main sleeping quarters which was not too far away. He hoped the prisoner would agree to his plan, Yoongi did not want to kill the man without his explicit permission. Yoongi was not his father.

Upon entering his room, Yoongi could see the man shaking violently. Hongjoong trying to console him to no avail.

“What is your name?” Yoongi asked carefully. 

“Jiho… What are you going to do to me? Why is there a ghost? What is happening?”

“How would you like to be a part of a different plan to assassinate the King?” Yoongi stared the man directly in his eyes.

“Uh, what? Your Highness?” Jiho was still shaking.

Yoongi paced. “I want my father dead and I am going to fake my death. In order to do so, I need to take your life and use you to fool my father into thinking you are me.”

Jiho frowned. “How would that work?”

Yoongi smirked. “I have been practicing necromancy for years.”

“Ah… Do you need my body?” Jiho shuddered, why had their Crown Prince been practicing necromancy?

“Yes, what do you say? I will not do it if you do not want me to. I can just send you back to the prison if you want. I can find someone else.”

“I’ll do it. I would rather do anything else than be back in that shithole, and if this is a plan to kill the King then I want to help.”

Yoongi let out a sigh of relief. “Okay. Hongjoong and I have prepared a poison that will kill you painlessly. Is that okay?”

Jiho nodded, his breath stuttering. “Let’s just get it over with.”

Yoongi handed a glass of tea to the man, it was laced with a poison Yoongi had been researching. 

“Do well, Your Highness. The people would prefer you as the King.” Jiho bowed before downing the tea.

It was a few moments of everyone staring at each other in silence before the man was clutching his chest. “I-It’s working.”

“Thank you, Jiho. Thank you so much for this.” Yoongi muttered, watching carefully.

Jiho fell to the floor, shaking violently for a few moments before going still. Yoongi leaned down and checked to see if he was breathing.

“He is dead.” Yoongi said to Hongjoong who nodded. 

Yoongi winced. “The painful part.”

Yoongi took a knife and cut it through his hair, leaving his meticulous long black hair chopped to his shoulders and uneven. Yoongi took the hair that fell off his head and laid it on Jiho’s body. He cleaned the knife and then stared at it for a moment, breathing slowly. 

“You might want to look away.” Yoongi warned Hongjoong who immediately turned to face the wall, not even questioning it.

Without thinking any further, Yoongi sliced over his eye. The pain was searing and unbearable, but Yoongi could not make a sound. Yoongi bit down on his left hand, tearing through his skin. He could taste blood in his mouth, blood dripping down his face, there was blood everywhere. Yet, he needed to stay silent. The guards would come running if they heard him scream. 

“Fuck.” Yoongi cursed after he had blacked out for a moment. He had put aside a scarf earlier for this part and he tied it carefully over his eye and around his head.

“It should look better once I perform the spell, you can turn around.” Yoongi told Hongjoong who gasped once seeing Yoongi.

Yoongi placed the bloody knife over the hair on Jiho’s body. “Time to do the incantation…” 

Yoongi murmured over the body, noticing that the more he spoke, the more the pain started to subside. Jiho started to look familiar, like a clone of Yoongi.

“Your Highness, it’s working!” Hongjoong exclaimed and Yoongi nodded as he looked down at what looked like himself. 

Yoongi carefully unraveled the scarf over his eye and Hongjoong’s mouth dropped. “Your eye… it’s completely white. You have a huge scar over it, though… But it healed...”

Yoongi hummed, not really listening. He had stood up and picked up a rope that he had saved for this moment. 

Yoongi tied the rope to his ceiling carefully and attached the clone of himself to it, to make it look like Yoongi had hanged himself.

“I need to write a note to my father…”

Yoongi grabbed a scroll and his ink scrawled out,

“I will be back to haunt you.” 

Blood that had been all over his hands now stained the paper, bloody fingerprints littering the page.

He stabbed the note to the wall with the knife he had used on his eye, blood dripping from the knife and down the parchment.

Yoongi stepped back and examined his work. “It looks like I killed myself.” He said in awe, Hongjoong nodding. 

“Your Highness, we need to leave. The sun will be rising soon.” 

Yoongi looked around his room for the final time before leaving with Hongjoong beside him. “Do you think you could teleport me to the village?” 

Hongjoong shook his head. “I am only able to do it within a super short distance, I could transport the prisoner better because he was extremely weak.”

Yoongi cursed. “We need to hide, then. How the fuck are we going to get out of here?” 

“I can try to teleport you to the otherside of the wall if we can get to it without being noticed… I should be able to get you directly to the other side. Maybe.”

Yoongi nodded. “We have no other choice right now. The sun is going to rise…”

They snuck to the edge of the huge wall that kept them away from the rest of the world. On the other side was a forest, if they did this correctly, Hongjoong would be able to get Yoongi there and he could sneak down to the village. 

“Do it.” Yoongi whispered.

Hongjoong concentrated and Yoongi felt the world around him rippling. He closed his eyes and when he opened them again, the wall was directly behind Yoongi and he was surrounded by trees. 

“You did it…” Yoongi looked around them, eyes wide. “I’m free.” 

The two of them started to walk down towards the village below. It was not a long walk, it took maybe an hour. The area around them started to brighten as they walked. 

The guards would probably be going to wake Yoongi up now, and they would see his body. The two of them needed to get to the village soon. 

Birds chirped around them as the sun rose. Yoongi turned to Hongjoong. “I need a drink.” 

“Your Highness, it is morning.”

“I just died, I could use one.” 

Hongjoong nodded and disappeared to the Underworld, knowing he could not be seen by humans in the village. 

Yoongi had put on a mask before leaving his room, it covered half of his face just in case anyone were to recognize him. 

the market loomed in front of him, daunting. It was the first time he had ever come here alone. He wondered if Namjoon had stayed, or if he had travelled elsewhere. 

Yoongi entered a tavern on the edge of the market, two workers were inside, but otherwise it was empty.

“Ah, an early customer.” The owner chirped. “Sit down, sit down. We will get you a drink ready.” 

Yoongi stayed there for a few hours, drinking slowly. He could see the workers looking at him wearily, but avoiding him for the most part. 

It was those few hours later when he heard the horses running into town.

“Crown Prince Min Yoongi has died!” A palace messenger yelled out as he rode through the village. 

Yoongi leaned back in his chair. So this was it. 

“The next drink is on us.” The bar owner muttered, handing over another drink. Yoongi gladly accepted it. His journey had finally begun.

Taehyung and Jungkook were crouched behind a tree watching as Yoongi and Hoseok went up to the palace guards that were standing in front of the impressive entrance. They had been instructed to wait until Yoongi and Hoseok disappeared in the palace walls and then they were supposed to make a run for it before the doors closed. It was an extremely risky plan, but Jungkook and Taehyung had gotten past people in worse ways before. Although, this was definitely the first time either of them were dealing with royal guards.

The guards were bowing to Yoongi which meant there was no turning back. Taehyung had always gotten nervous before big heists with Jungkook, but this was something that had no experience with- royals. 

Jungkook was jittery beside Taehyung and it was making him even more anxious than he should have been. Taehyung elbowed Jungkook and glared at him.

After a few more minutes, the doors started to open. Taehyung’s heart was pounding uncontrollably inside his chest. 

Jungkook grabbed his hand and squeezed, holding on. Jungkook knew that Taehyung was nervous, it was obvious. Jungkook knew everything about Taehyung. Jungkook gave Taehyung a side glance when Yoongi and Hoseok followed the guards into the gate.

Jungkook pulled Taehyung forward and they stuck to the side of the wall hand in hand, winding around the doors and sticking to the edge of the other side of the wall, inside of the palace.

Taehyung and Jungkook stuck to the edge of the wall heading towards the west of the palace grounds. Taehyung and Jungkook had the map that Yoongi made them memorized and they knew that the performance quarters were in the north west of the grounds.

The royal court where Yoongi and Hoseok were headed was directly in the center of the grounds which was a bonus because most of the attention would be in that direction.

Jungkook tilted his head to the area where they needed to go and Taehyung nodded. They needed to leave the safety of the wall.

The library and servants quarters would come before the performers quarters and there was a possibility that people would be roaming about. The palace grounds were huge and widespread, Namjoon said that oftentimes the scholars stayed in the library late at night even.

Jungkook pointed his thumb to a building coming up ahead of them and mouthed ‘library’. Taehyung nodded and they skirted around the left side of it. Scholars were milling about the front of the library entrance, but they seemed engrossed in their own conversations and Taehyung and Jungkook were skilled enough to run silently past.

The servants quarters were smaller than the library, but loomed off in the distance a bit to the right of the library. The two of them had planned to stay to the west side and reach the performers quarters that way.

They were able to run far enough away from the servants quarters to not run into anyone there and the performers quarters was coming up ahead of them. 

Taehyung thought that maybe he had overthought about the entire situation, it was going way more smoothly than he thought it would. However, they still needed to find Lee Taemin and convince him to come with them.

Jungkook looked at Taehyung, his eyes soft. Jungkook squeezed Taehyung’s hand again and they ran towards the building entrance. 

It was the most lively place in the grounds they had seen yet. People were out and about, dancing around with each other. Taehyung took a few deep breaths, trying to calm down his poor heart. This was the moment that he had been dreading.

Jungkook and him carefully went around the people in the front of the building and entered. There were a few people that immediately noticed their entry and the fear on their faces was evident.

Taehyung could understand, they did look like assassins. “We are looking for Lee Taemin, we are not here to hurt anyone, we just need to speak to him.”

One of the men standing inside squinted suspiciously at the two of them. Taehyung could see he was shaking, but trying to mask it. “What business do you have with him?” The man’s voice was trembling.

“We are close to the oracle of Hong Kong and she requested we find him as he is in danger.” Jungkook spoke this time.

Two of the men in front of them looked at each other. “I will go get him.” The one who had spoken before said.

“Why did you sneak into the palace instead of requesting to speak to the King?” The other man said, obviously still not believing him.

“There are two others with us currently seeing the King in the royal court.” Taehyung responded and the man shook his head.

“Still no reason for you to sneak in.”

“You do not need to believe us, only Lee Taemin does.” Jungkook said, voice even, but obviously annoyed.

“What do I need to believe?” A new voice spoke as a man came into the room, eyeing Taehyung and Jungkook with concern.

Jungkook and Taehyung bowed. “We have come on behalf of the oracle of Hong Kong. There is a person targeting demigods and attempting to murder them all. We have come to rescue you before she finds you and kills you. We have already found and saved three demigods. You might know Kim Namjoon? He told us where we could find you.”

All the men in the room had looks of surprise on their faces. “Kim Namjoon? As in the scholar that left ten years ago?”

Jungkook nodded. “He is with us and told us about you after the oracle spoke your name.”

“So this is a kidnapping?” One of the other men in the room accused, and Taemin put a hand on his shoulder.

“Jonghyun, please. I do not think they are lying.”

Taehyung kneeled down on the floor in front of Taemin. “Please come with us, we promise to keep you safe and return you here when this is over. This threat has already destroyed Jeju in an attempt to murder the daughter of Aphrodite living there.”

The man named Jonghyun gasped. “I heard what happened in Jeju… They said it was a natural disaster.”

Taehyung stayed kneeled and Jungkook shook his head. “Aphrodite helped her daughter escape just before. We have her with us safely and now we are trying to save everyone else before it is too late.”

Taemin looked down at Taehyung and gulped. “Okay. I will come with you.”

“Taemin!” Jonghyun protested and Taemin smiled at him.

“I will be back, I promise.”

“What do I tell the others?”

“Tell them it is a family emergency.”

Taemin hugged Jonghyun and the other man that had brought him over. “Okay, now what?” 

“Let’s get out of here, fast. You need to make sure that nobody sees you.” Jungkook said, helping Taehyung back up.

The three of them exited the performers quarters and it was obvious that something was going on outside. They could hear yelling and people were running all about.

Taehyung gave Jungkook a look. “Looks like something happened during the meeting.”

“What kind of people did you even send to speak with the King? Are you mad?” Taemin sputtered, face incredulous. 

Jungkook winced and then they turned to look at Taemin. “We need to get out of the palace successfully and if we run into any guards, you stay safe. The two of us will fight.” 

Taemin nodded, nerves taking over his face.

They had barely gotten past the servants quarters when guards saw them, Taemin’s hanbok most likely why they had been spotted.

“Who are you?” The guard shouted at them, Jungkook taking a dagger out of the chest part of his robes, Taehyung following suit. 

The guard started shouting for others to come over. “Assasins spotted!”

“Shit, run.” Taehyung hissed and the three of them ran as fast as possible until they heard something flying through the air. 

Jungkook pushed Taehyung over and before Taehyung could yell at him, he heard the younger boy groan. There was an arrow lodged in his side.

“Jungkook, no…” Taehyung helped the boy up, but Jungkook was losing blood fast and the guards were starting to surround them.

“Take him and go, Tae. I can fight them off. You need to get out of here.” Jungkook’s voice was raspy.

“I’m not leaving you here. You take Taemin, you’re hurt. I will fight.”

“Tae… please.”

“I’m not leaving you to die, Jungkook!”

Jungkook could barely keep his eyes open. 

“Taemin, take him and go!! I will meet you outside of the palace later.”

Taehyung put Jungkook on Taemin’s back and gave them one last glance before charging at the guards, daggers at the ready.

Hoseok and Yoongi followed the guards for the walk to the royal court to meet with Yoongi’s father. They could see the guards looking at the two of them suspiciously every so often, not sure what to make of the situation.

Yoongi hoped that Taehyung and Jungkook had made it in; he hadn’t been able to see if they had.

Hoseok kept sending reassuring looks towards Yoongi as if to sense how nauseous he felt.

Seeing the royal court building in front of them felt like a bad omen. It brought back way too many uncomfortable memories.

The guards walked inside where there was already a meeting going on, Hoseok and Yoongi following close behind.

“Why have you interrupted?” A voice snarled, Yoongi felt like he was going to pass out. He felt himself grow cold and bile rose in his throat that he had to push back down. That voice was one he had never wanted to hear again.

“Father, I have returned.” Yoongi yelled back as the guards parted in front of them, Yoongi’s father a few yards away sitting on his throne.

The King’s lips curled in disgust, eyes staring deep into Yoongi’s very soul. It was dead silent for a minute before the King started laughing. “So, is this what you meant by coming back to haunt me?” He leaned forward in his throne, resting his chin on his fist.

Yoongi walked closer, Hoseok directly at his side. Eyes from the other members of the court drilled into them. “I have come to update you on my life.”

The King snorted. “Life? So you faked your death somehow.” The smile dropped off of his face as quickly as it had appeared. A glare replaced it, piercing through the length separating them. “You are no son of mine. My oldest son died, we mourned his death. Such a pity, but I can’t say I was disappointed. It was quite a joyous day for me.”

The King’s eyes shifted onto Hoseok. “And you have brought me a present, a filthy pirate, an infamous one at that.”

Yoongi knew the entire court was hanging on tightly to every single word spoken, he knew this was a perfect moment. “This pirate, Captain Jung Hoseok, is my boyfriend.”

Gasps involuntarily left the mouths of several men in the room, the King frozen in his seat, before he tsked. “Should have known you would do something to embarrass me like this. That is all you have ever done. Stupid disgrace of a son, became a pirate to escape the throne. Whoring himself out to other pirates. You did a great service to this country by leaving before the throne would become yours.”

Murmurs broke out between members of the court as they observed the conversation happening in front of them.

“And you.” The King turned to look at Hoseok. “Son of Ares, aren’t you. It was so nice of my son to bring you right into my grasp. Ah, I have been dying to capture you for ages. To let you wither in my prison chambers only to execute you publically. It would be so fun, don’t you think?”

Yoongi stiffened from Hoseok’s side. “You will not touch him.”

The King looked back at Yoongi, smirking. “I am so curious. How did you become known as a Ghost Prince? I’ve heard you have a crew of ghosts, how did this happen?”

“None of your fucking business.” 

“That is no way to speak to your father. What would Yoonsuk say if he were to see how you turned out? Your poor younger brother… He was so distraught when you died… I think he was the only one who cared enough to feel sad.”

Yoongi bristled at the mention of his brother. “Leave him out of this.” 

“Yoonsuk is a better Crown Prince than you ever were.”

Yoongi laughed bitterly. “He is. I always knew he would be a better King than I. One day I am going to kill you, properly. It will not be today, but you will die at the tip of my blade. You will bleed out in front of me and I will watch as the light leaves your eyes.”

The King cackled. “Considering you will not see tomorrow, I would need to disagree. Guards, capture them and bring them to the execution prison chambers.”

Hoseok and Yoongi exchanged looks and Hoseok drew his sword. 

“Put on a fun show for your audience.” The King said in finality before turning to the head guard. “Send guards to search the palace grounds, I do not think my son came here with just the purpose of speaking to me.” 

The guard nodded before leaving the room. The other guards, about thirty, charged at Hoseok and Yoongi.

The two Captains had discussed this exact situation prior to coming and had a plan. Yoongi had said his father would send guards after them and they should aim for the exit, killing off the guards near it so they can exit and try to get out.

“Yoongi, now!” Hoseok yelled and Yoongi called upon Hongjoong and the others to hold off the guards in front of the King while Hoseok and Yoongi would fight to the exit.

Yoongi could hear screams of distress from behind him as he assumed his ghosts appeared. Yoongi ran at one of the guards in front of the exit and started to fight for not only his life, but Hoseok’s as well. He knew Hoseok would be fine, he could hear the other laughing as he sliced through guards like nothing. 

Yoongi stared in the face of a guard he once knew and swung his sword at him, the clanging sound piercing through his ears and straight to his head. 

“We trusted you.” The guard snarled at Yoongi as he went for the prince’s neck. Yoongi easily defended himself knowing the tactics of the palace guards like the back of his hand.

“I am not the evil in this room and you know it.” Yoongi replied before stabbing into the guard’s stomach. 

Yoongi could see the flashing of ghosts in the room as they fought off the other guards. “Your Highness, I have not experienced a battle this intense since the day I died!” Hongjoong laughed from somewhere on Yoongi’s right.

Yoongi could see Hoseok fighting at least ten guards at once, swinging around, dodging, and getting blood all over the floor and on himself. 

“Kim Hongjoong you have betrayed the throne!” One of the guards fighting the ghosts yelled out and Hongjoong giggled. “No, I have always been loyal to His Highness the Crown Prince.” Then send the guard flying at the wall.

“You okay?” Hoseok appeared at Yoongi’s side, the left side of his face covered in blood. 

“I’m fine! Keep pushing forward.”

The two of them managed to get closer and closer to the exit, mainly because of Hoseok. The man became someone else entirely in battle. He laughed maniacally as guards tried to even get near him. 

Bodies littered the floor and blood stained the walls, but Hoseok finally managed to get a clearing in the swarm of palace guards coming at him. He pulled Yoongi by the hand and basically threw him out of the exit following close behind.

“Run!” Hoseok screamed and the two of them bolted, hand and hand and covered in blood through the palace grounds.

“There are more guards at the ground exit!” Yoongi yelled and Hoseok said that he could handle it. 

Hoseok ran at the guards fervently, their faces full of fear at the sight of the Captain charging them.

“Help!” A voice called from somewhere near Yoongi and he saw Lee Taemin carrying Jungkook on his back, trying to get towards the exit. 

“Shit.” Yoongi ran over to help. “Where is Taehyung?”

“He’s holding off the other guards.” 

Yoongi helped Taemin carry Jungkook as Hoseok fought the remaining guards at the exit. 

“Go!” Hoseok shouted to Yoongi and Taemin. “I’m going to find Taehyung!”

Yoongi nodded and guided Taemin outside of the doors. “We need to get him to the ship!” 

“Ship?!” Taemin yelled in surprise and Yoongi sighed.

“Did those two tell you nothing? Follow me, quick.” 

Yoongi led Taemin through the forest and down to the ship, in total taking them about two hours. Yoongi and Taemin lugged Jungkook, who was unconscious, over the side of the ship and Yoongi helped Taemin up.

The crew members ran over to them and Seokjin looked behind Yoongi. “Where is Hoseok and Taehyung?” 

“Hoseok went back to save Taehyung, they should get here in an hour or so.”

“You don’t know?” Jimin yelled and started crying when Yoongi shook his head. 

“Hoseok is strong, he can do it.” 

“We need to get Jungkook to the infirmary now!” Namjoon interrupted. 

“Who is going to help him? Taehyung is the only one of us with medical experience?” Jimin sobbed.

“I have been borrowing off healing energy, I can continue until Taehyung arrives… My father is a god of healing, though I am not very experienced, I can do my best for now.” Taemin said quietly. 

They all helped bring Jungkook to the infirmary. 

“What do we do about this arrow?” Yoongi groaned, looking at the arrow on Jungkook's side. 

“Keep it in or else he will lose way too much blood. Taehyung is the only one who will know how to deal with that.” Namjoon spoke, trying to keep calm. “Where the fuck are they?”

Hoseok knew he could not leave Taehyung there alone, he knew he had to find him. Taehyung was an amazing fighter, but there was no way he would be able to hold off the guards for too long before giving out.

It did not take him long to find his crew member. Taehyung was breathing heavily and there was a trail of blood dripping down from his forehead. 

“Taehyung!” Hoseok yelled out, running over and taking over in going against the guards. “Run to the exit! I will meet you there!”

Taehyung gave Hoseok a terrified look, but ran. 

This was fine, Hoseok could do this. 

He could feel his energy draining, though. There was only so much he could handle and he had been fighting for a few hours at full force and he could feel himself fading. As long as the rest of his crew were safe, it was fine. As long as Taehyung made it out.

Hoseok kept up his pace, deciding he would go until he could not any longer. He had to go down fighting, there was no way he would surrender. 

It was getting hard to dodge all the attacks plus the arrows flying at him from all directions, and he was shocked that Taehyung had even made it out alive. 

Hoseok knew he was moments from passing out when a chill went down his spine, goosebumps rising on his arms. Hongjoong stood in front of him, glaring ahead at the guards. 

“Hoseok go!” Hongjoong yelled, throwing the guards backwards. “I can take care of them, I can’t die twice!” 

Hoseok was in disbelief that a ghost, one that had no reason to be loyal to him, was protecting him. He was not going to question it and ran for his life, his vision starting to go dark and fuzzy until he was falling over the moment he got out of the palace grounds.

“Captain!” Taehyung screamed, running over to his Captain who had just face planted into the dirt. 

Taehyung checked to see if Hoseok was breathing, his heart beating slowly. “Shit.”

He picked Hoseok up bridal style and started heading down the path through the forest. Taehyung was in pretty bad shape as well, but Hoseok had risked his life for him. Taehyung had to stay conscious long enough to get him to the ship. They had to make it. He had to get back to Jungkook.

That wound had been really bad, and Taehyung knew it was unlikely he could survive it. He knew from his experience that if he did not get medical help extremely soon, he would not make it. Taehyung had to get to the ship.

It took way too long for the two of them to get to the ship, maybe three hours, but they finally made it.

Taehyung hoisted Hoseok over, wincing when he heard how rough the poor Captain landed on the floor of the ship. Taehyung threw himself over the edge. “Where is Jungkook?”

“Taehyung! Captain!” Jimin ran over, his face wet from his crying.

“I need to see Jungkook right now.”

Jimin wasted no time taking Taehyung to the infirmary where Taemin was sitting over Jungkook, his palm resting on Jungkook’s chest. “I’ve kept him alive, but he needs help now.”

Taehyung’s eyes turned dark. “Jimin, get me my surgical kit.”

Taehyung had kicked anyone in the infirmary out while he worked on Jungkook. Yoongi had washed Hoseok, who was still unconscious, up and rested him in his bed.

He had tired himself out, but had no injuries otherwise. 

Yoongi ran his hand through Hoseok’s hair, twirling his fingers in his long locks. 

“You did so good.” Yoongi whispered, leaning down to press his lips to Hoseok’s forehead. “We could not have done this without you.”

While Hoseok was resting, Seokjin took over the ship so that Yoongi could look after him. They had sailed off nearly immediately not wanting to risk palace guards coming down to find them.

“You need to eat.” Namjoon appeared in Hoseok’s room a few hours later. “You are exhausted.”

Yoongi shook his head, looking over Hoseok. “I can’t leave until he wakes.”

Namjoon huffed. “Hoseok would not approve of this, he will want you taken care of when he wakes back up. Plus, he is going to be sleeping for quite some time. Seokjin is taking care of everything, so please take care of yourself.” 

After a few moment’s deliberation, Yoongi finally agreed, following Namjoon to the kitchens. “How is Jungkook?”

Namjoon shook his head. “Taehyung is still in there working, it doesn’t sound good.”

“What about you?” Namjoon asked after they reached the kitchen and Yoongi was finally eating and drinking water. “How are you holding up after seeing your father?”

Yoongi sighed, eyes narrowing at his food. “It went as well as you would think, although I definitely embarrassed him as much as I had wanted to.”

“Hmmm. Will you be okay?”

Yoongi took a bite of fish. “I’ll get over it. I will be as fine as I ever am. Will not rest until he is dead. How is Taemin?”

Namjoon gave Yoongi a careful look, obviously not believing that he was okay with how the meeting went. “Taemin is fine. He and Chungha have been talking and going over the situation. He seems like he’s in shock.” Namjoon laughed. “He had no idea who he was dealing with when he came here. I think now that he knows who this ship belongs to, the kid is scared shitless.”

Yoongi grinned despite himself. “I bet.” 

He finished up his meal quickly after that. “I need to get back to Hoseok.” 

“I won’t stop you, but please get some sleep.” 

Yoongi reassured Namjoon and headed back to where Hoseok was. When Yoongi arrived, Hoseok had not moved from before Yoongi had left to eat. He was still knocked out and dead asleep. 

Yoongi curled himself into Hoseok’s side. He could feel his eyes dropping with his own sleepiness. Despite the fact that he had a terrible meeting with his father, Yoongi could only be glad that Hoseok was okay at the moment. Hoseok was maybe the only distraction keeping himself going right then. Yoongi let himself fall asleep with his head resting against Hoseok’s chest and his arms around the younger pirate. 

Taehyung hated performing surgery, especially on the love of his life. The only reason that Jungkook had survived for so long was because of Taemin’s powers. Taehyung did not want to think about what would have happened if the demigod had refused to come with them or help Jungkook. 

Stitching up Jungkook had been a terrible, bloody process. Taehyung cried through most of it, his hands bloody with that of his beloved. 

Sure, he has seen Jungkook injured before. It had never been this bad, Taehyung had never had to fight to keep Jungkook alive.

Taehyung had lost track of how long he had been working on Jungkook, but when he completed the final stitch he sighed in relief. Jungkook looked peaceful, at the very least. 

Taehyung cleaned himself up and went back to Jungkook immediately, watching as the younger boy slept off his injuries. Taehyung barely noticed when Jimin came in and sat beside him. 

“He is alive. He will be okay.” 

Jimin rested his head against Taehyung’s shoulder. “How are you?”

“I don’t know.”

Taehyung let Jimin hold his hand and the two of them sat in silence, monitoring the sleeping Jungkook. 

“When he wakes up I am going to confess.” Taehyung finally said and Jimin raised an eyebrow. 

“Ah, there’s nothing like romance coming in the aftermath of war.”

Taehyung snorted. “He almost died not knowing how I felt about him, I never would have been able to handle that. He deserves to know how much I love him.”

“What happened in the battle?” 

“He took the arrow in place of me. It should have hit right through my chest, but he pushed me out of the way and it hit him instead.”

“It’s pretty obvious that he is in love with you, as well.”

“We grew up with the promise that we would protect each other. I think the only reason I did not die while fighting off the guards while he escaped with Taemin was because I was determined to see Jungkook be okay.”

“You two idiots truly deserve each other. Self sacrificing bastards.” 

Taehyung cracked a smile at that and hugged Jimin. “Thank you for being my best friend.”

Jimin grinned. “Don’t let Jungkook hear that, he might get jealous.”

“He’s the love of my life, you are my platonic soulmate. There is nothing to be jealous of, besides, don’t think I don’t know what is going on between you, Seokjin, and Namjoon.”

The two friends pushed each other around playfully before Jimin’s voice hushed to a whisper. “What about our two Captains?” 

Taehyung laughed and wiggled his eyebrows at Jimin. “I don’t think they know how obvious they are. The entire ship knows about those two.”

“What do you think Yoongi told his father?” Taehyung asked after a moment and Jimin sighed. 

“I am not sure, but Namjoon is really worried about him.”

Taehyung looked down at Jungkook, who was still knocked out. “I wonder.”

Seokjin could feel the tension within the entire ship with Hoseok out of commission. He knew his idiot cousin had most likely risked his life for them. It shouldn’t be a surprise, Hoseok always said he would die for them. Though, they had never been in a situation where he needed to before now.

“Stop thinking too hard.” Namjoon came up behind Seokjin and rubbed his tense shoulders.

“I cannot help but wonder if this mission is worth all of our lives. We almost lost Jungkook and Hoseok today.” Seokjin finally said what had been on his mind and Namjoon wrapped himself around Seokjin’s waist. 

“If we don’t do this we would most likely meet a worse fate.”

Seokjin knew Namjoon was right, he really did, but he hated the idea of losing any of the people who had become his family over the years. “I just want everyone to live and be happy, to go back to how things were.”

“We will get there again, there are always waves in the sea that will hold us back, but we cannot let that stop us.” Namjoon spoke, his lips right next to Seokjin’s ears.

“Joon, we need to have a proper chat with Jimin before anything else happens again.”

“I know, he is with Taehyung right now. I think when everyone is awake and healthy again we can talk to him, but he is more preoccupied in making sure Taehyung does not overwork himself by taking care of Jungkook.”

“Also, where is Taemin?”

“Sunmi, Nayeon, Taemin, and Chungha are all talking possible game plans right now and getting Taemin caught up. The poor boy had no idea what he was getting into. Jungkook and Taehyung did the absolute bare minimum explaining things to him.”

Seokjin snorted. “I have no doubts about that. Those two are great at fighting, but when it comes to talking to people, forget it.”

They stood in each other’s embraces, letting the stress wear off for the moment. 

“And Hoseok?” Seokjin asked.

“He overworked himself as you might have thought and Yoongi is watching over him like a hawk. Speaking of, I am worried about Yoongi. I am not sure what he talked about with his father, but nothing good is going to come out of it.”

“Hoseok will be there for him, he will help him get through this.”

“You are right. I really am glad that even in this entire mess, they still found each other.”

“I suppose there were some good things.”

Hoseok woke up with Yoongi curled up against him, to be honest, he did not remember anything that happened after he took Taehyung’s place against the guards. He tried to think back. He remembered fighting off the guards so that Yoongi could leave, and then things got a bit hazy after that. It must have been where his energy began depleting. Hoseok vaguely remembers finding Taehyung, but that is the last part that comes back to him. What matters is that he survived, and that Yoongi is in his arms, unharmed. What matters is that the rest of his crew is alive.

Hoseok could feel that the ship was moving, he could see the waves lapping around out of his porthole window.

He ran his hands up Yoongi’s back as the man breathed softly on top of Hoseok. “Yoongi?” Hoseok ghosted his lips over Yoongi’s forehead and the other breathed in deeply at hearing Hoseok’s voice.

“Mm?” Yoongi looked up at Hoseok, eyes droopy. “You are awake… Thank the gods. I was so worried.” Yoongi rested his chin upon Hoseok’s chest and smiled softly at the pirate.

Hoseok ran a hand through Yoongi’s hair, playing around with the long locks. “I thought I was going to die.”

Yoongi narrowed his eyes. “What did I say about talking like that? You are not dying anytime soon.”

Hoseok chuckled. “Guess I will be around a little longer. We should get up and see the others.” 

Yoongi pouted and Hoseok pressed a kiss on his lips. “Come on.” 

Yoongi did not let go of Hoseok’s hand as they got ready and went to meet up with the rest of the crew.

“Ah good, you’re living. I was sick of being a faux captain.” Seokjin huffed when he spotted Yoongi and Hoseok.

“That is surely a weird way to say you were worried about me.” Hoseok retorted back to his cousin, grinning. “Okay we need to discuss business, is everyone here?” Hoseok looked around and counted people (all were present except for Taehyung and Jungkook, but Yoongi had explained the situation to Hoseok already), until his eyes landed on Taemin. “Ah, welcome aboard. I promise we will return you to the palace when this is over.”

Taemin, fear evident on his face, bowed deeply to Hoseok. “I will do my best while here.”

Hoseok nodded, bowing back to Taemin. “Is it possible that you have information on the whereabouts of any other demigods? We are trying to save them all before Hani kills them.”

Taemin looked around nervously while picking at his fingers. “Well, I do know one. Byun Baekhyun. He is a son of Hermes. The only problem is that he travels around so often that I have no clue where he is right now…”

Hoseok cursed under his breath. “Back to square one.”

Chungha cleared her throat. “Maybe not.”

Hoseok raised an eyebrow at the oracle. “Do you know something?”

Chungha nodded. “I had a vision last night about Chaeyoung, one of the girls that worked with me in Hong Kong. Chaeyoung was hiding out in one of our safehouses and I saw Kim Jiwoo in the dream. Kim Jiwoo, the daughter of Psyche, had been considering joining my team of girls about a year back, but I have not seen her since then so I was shocked to see her in my dream. I think we need to head to Hong Kong and find Chaeyoung and Jiwoo.”

Hoseok thought this over. “Hani has most likely left Hong Kong by now so I think that would be our best bet and it seems to be far less dangerous than the mission to get Taemin was. Any objections?”

The other crew members all shook their heads. Hoseok turned to Yoongi. “What do you think?”

Yoongi licked his lips in thought. “I think this is a good plan. Chungha would know where to bring us to find Jiwoo and having a daughter of Psyche on our side would be very helpful.”

“Prepare to set sail to Hong Kong immediately.” Hoseok called out and everyone ran to their respective positions. “Jimin,” Hoseok beckoned to the siren a moment later. “Do you think you can pick up Taehyung and Jungkook's tasks while they are in the infirmary? You can get help from anyone else as well. I would really appreciate it if you take Taemin and show him how he could help.” 

“Of course, Captain! He seems pretty nervous as well, so I will try to befriend him.” Jimin beamed at Hoseok.

“If anyone could befriend him, it would be you. Go on ahead, I am going to check on Jungkook.”

Jimin bowed to Hoseok before running off. Hoseok turned to Yoongi.

“Do you want to come with me to the infirmary, or do you want to check up on what everyone else is doing?” 

“I will come with you, I almost feel a bit responsible for what happened.”

Hoseok bit his lip. “Why? You had nothing to do with it.”

“This all happened because I infuriated my father.”

Hoseok shook his head at Yoongi. “You could have tried to appease him and even then this would have happened all the same. Let’s go see him. He would agree with me.”

Taehyung had barely slept after Jimin left the night before. Taehyung had refused to leave Jungkook’s side despite Jimin’s pestering, and eventually the siren gave in and bid him goodnight.

Taehyung had a ridiculous migraine that hit him around dawn the following morning, but he could not leave Jungkook’s side. Taehyung felt involved in what had happened to his beloved and wanted to be there the moment he woke up.

The sun had just finished rising when Jungkook started blinking his eyes awake and groaning in pain. 

“Don’t move!” Taehyung spoke, startling Jungkook slightly. “I needed to perform surgery on you, if you move, you might open the stitches.”

Jungkook turned to Taehyung, eyes wide. “You’re alive… I was so scared for you when Taemin carried me away.”

Taehyung scoffed, looking down at Jungkook fondly. “You are the one who was most close to death. Taemin had to keep you alive with his powers until I arrived back at the ship. Without him, you would be dead.”

Jungkook’s lips trembled slightly. “I left you there alone…”

Taehyung put a hand on Jungkook’s shoulder. “If I had left with you, they would have surrounded us. I am sure they only let you go because they thought you were already dead. Besides, I held them off well until Hoseok showed up”

Jungkook tried to blink away the tears that were clouding his vision. “If you had died, I would not know what to do with myself. Never do something like that again.”

“Kookie, now do you see how I always feel with you? You’re always endangering yourself. I always find myself back here stitching you up…”

Jungkook reached over to grab Taehyung’s hand, both boys shaking. “I love you so much Taehyung, I can’t lose you.”

Taehyung rubbed his thumb over the back of Jungkook’s hand. “Jungkook, do you by any chance have any romantic feelings for me?”

Taehyung could barely meet Jungkook’s eyes, but forced himself anyway. Jungkook’s doe eyes were wide, staring back at Taehyung.

“Was it not obvious how I feel about you? I thought you knew that I was in love with you?” Jungkook spoke back, unsure.

“What? No? Why did you think I knew?”

“I never did anything to hide it…”

Taehyung laughed. “I guess I was too blind to see it. Did you know that I am in love with you as well?”

Jungkook looked shocked at that reveal. “Huh?”

Taehyung shook his head, grinning. “We are both so stupid. I am in love with you, too, Jungkook. We can talk about this more when you are not on your deathbed.”

Jungkook nodded, eyebrows still furrowed and Taehyung gripped his hand a bit more.

“You should go back to sleep for a little longer, your body is still healing.”

“But, Tae… You look exhausted. You need to sleep too, you know…” 

“Okay, make room.” 

Jungkook shuffled to the side so that Taehyung could lay down next to him. It wasn’t long before they both fell asleep only to be awoken a few hours later by their Captains stepping in the room.

Taehyung rubbed his eyes and sat up. “Captains.” He bowed his head and could feel Jungkook waking up next to him as well.

Hoseok smiled at them. “It is good to see you both alive, you had me worried.”

Taehyung gasped. “But Captain! You saved my life and then passed out! I had to carry you all the way back here!”

Hoseok scratched the back of his head and winced. “Oh, I do not really remember any of that to be honest… I am just glad we all survived. Jungkook, how are you feeling?”

“It is painful, but Taehyung is making me rest a lot.”

Yoongi shuffled nervously in his seat next to Hoseok on a bed next to Jungkook and Taehyung. “I would like to apologize to you both for putting you in danger. It is because of me that you ended up in this situation.”

Jungkook looked appalled. “What are you talking about? We willingly came along knowing the dangers of the heist. We went up against the guards, and I will admit, I underestimated the job. I should have been more careful like Taehyung had wished. It is not anybody’s fault that I am here. Do not blame yourself, please.” Jungkook pleaded.

Yoongi sighed. “I am trying not to blame myself, I really am. I just feel guilty.” 

Taehyung patted Yoongi’s leg. “We chose a life of piracy. There is danger in everything we do, and that is to be expected. You cannot try to blame yourself whenever someone gets hurt. You need to stay strong for us as a Captain of this ship. Can you do that?”

Yoongi tried to smile and looked down at the boys. “Yeah, I will try harder.”

“You both are going to be excluded from the next mission, you need to rest.” Hoseok spoke up again.

Jungkook and Taehyung immediately started complaining, but shut up at Hoseok’s glare. “No objections. You are staying here. Although I did want to get you both up to date on what is going on.”

The boys looked at the Captains, eager to know what was going to happen next.

Hoseok continued, “Chungha had a vision of the daughter of Psyche in Hong Kong so that is where we will be headed. It is probably not going to be a dangerous mission, but neither of you are allowed off of the ship until I say otherwise.”

Jungkook huffed. “Fine.”

Taehyung and Jungkook exchanged mischievous looks and Hoseok knew he would have to keep a watchful eye on them. 

“Alright, Yoongi and I are going to check up on the rest of the crew and see how they are faring. Go back to sleep, both of you.” Hoseok and Yoongi got up to leave and left the boys in the infirmary in each other’s arms.

Hoseok turned to Yoongi after they left and had closed the infirmary door behind them. “Do you think they confessed? They were wrapped up in each other, sharing

Yoongi laughed. “Such a gossiper, Jung Hoseok. I can’t be sure, though. Those two have always been so clingy.”

Hoseok scrunched up his nose. “I know, but I will find out soon enough. Nobody can hide anything from me.” Hoseok puffed out his chest, proudly. 

Yoongi patted Hoseok’s lower back with a laugh. “Sure, Captain.”

Chungha seemed very nervous about going back to Hong Kong. She insisted that she wanted to see the damage that had been done to her cave, but Hoseok did not think it was a good idea. Hani might still be there, or might have someone waiting for Chungha to come back for an ambush. In fact, Hoseok wanted to be careful even just being in Hong Kong. Based on what he had seen from Busan, it seemed as though Hani had affected the way the people there had lived and he was not sure how she had influenced the people of Hong Kong. It was a large city, but Hani was extremely powerful and none of them knew completely of what she could do as a demigod.

Hoseok just wanted to go straight to the safehouse and back to the ship and avoid any other injuries to his crew. Even with the new temporary members, Hoseok vowed to himself to keep them safe. Even guests on his ship were under his immediate protection.

Hoseok was not entirely sure how he intended on protecting all of the demigods, but he had to do it. He had to keep them safe. 

When they docked in Hong Kong, Hoseok decided to take Jimin, Namjoon, Chungha, and Yoongi with him to the safehouse. Hoseok instructed Seokjin to watch Taehyung and Jungkook and make sure that neither of them left the ship to explore. Hoseok knew it was very hard for them to stay cooped up in the ship when they were docked, but it was for their own good. He could not risk Jungkook’s injuries opening back up when they were not near the ship. Sunmi and Nayeon were going to watch over Taemin and make sure he did not try to escape the ship, though the three demigods had gotten along well since joining the crew. Hoseok thought that Taemin was comfortable enough being with them, but he would be in immediate danger if he left the ship alone and wandered off.

The safehouse where Chaeyoung and Jiwoo were was going to be a hike to get to, according to Chungha. It was hidden in the mountains and nobody except the girls under Chungha had access to it. Chungha had said that Chaeyoung probably ran into Jiwoo on her way to the safehouse and took her there.

“We need to make sure nobody follows us there.” Chungha instructed when they were walking through the bustling city on their way to the mountain pass. “Hani could have spies stationed in the city that we need to be cautious of.”

The trail that Chungha was leading them on, veered off from the main path that one would take to get to her cave. Chungha had dressed in some of Sunmi’s clothes to help disguise herself from anyone in Hong Kong that might recognize her. It seemed odd to see the oracle in anything other than her notorious golden cloak. 

Chungha walked the trail with ease and grace despite the trees and bushes that occasionally blocked them. Namjoon and Yoongi kept running into things, still not as used to rural off the beaten paths.

Hoseok and Jimin were nimble and followed along, ignoring the whining of Namjoon and Yoongi.

“I think there's a thorn in my arm.” Yoongi grumbled from somewhere behind Hoseok who snorted.

“Would you like me to carry you, your Highness?” 

Yoongi glowered at Hoseok, not humored by him in the slightest. “Not funny.”

“We are almost there.” Chungha promised, she was ahead of the rest, walking quickly.

The cliffs around them loomed overhead and the path got slimmer as they walked on.

“I think even if someone had tried following us, they would just give up.” Namjoon scoffed, looking warily at the path ahead.

“I can attest to that.” Yoongi agreed.

Chungha ignored their whining and continued on. “It will be coming up soon.”

It was about an hour later when Chungha paused at a rock wall off to the left side. She took a knife out of her pocket and cut the palm of her hand before placing her bleeding hand over the wall. The rock wall started shimmering before a weathered wooden door appeared.

“Woah.” Hoseok was in awe, not expecting such magic to come from Chungha.

“Follow me. Do not close the door until everyone is inside.” Chungha said before opening the door and walking inside, everyone following quickly behind. “Nobody else can get in once the door is closed which is why this is so safe and hidden.”

The inside was cave-like with shelves all around holding various necessities and there weren a few beds scattered about. There were three girls standing inside.

“Chungha!” One of them cried out before running over and embracing the oracle. Chungha ran a hand in the girl’s hair.

“Chaeyoung, I am glad to see you safe. I had a vision that you were here and came right away. I am looking for Kim Jiwoo.”

Another girl stepped forward, she had long dark hair, and light pink translucent wings coming out of her back. She was extremely beautiful. “That is me.” 

Chungha looked her over. “Daughter of Psyche, yes?”

Jiwoo nodded her head. “Why had the oracle been looking for me?”

“You are in danger and we have come to take you to safety.” Chungha told Jiwoo. The third girl stood close behind Jiwoo looking nervous.

Chungha cocked her head at the third girl as if only just noticing her. “You are Hwang Yeji, daughter of Eleos.”

Yeji had catlike eyes, and her black hair was tied up. Her face was kind and inviting. 

Chungha exchanged a look with Hoseok. “We will need to take you as well.”

Yeji was going to say something before Jiwoo interrupted. “Why are you taking us?” 

“There is a daughter of Poseidon going around trying to kill demigods.” Chungha explained, voice soft.

Yeji put a hand on Jiwoo’s cloak and held on. “We were attacked before Chaeyoung found us.”

Jiwoo looked startled when Yeji spoke. “Yeji, we do not know if we can trust them yet.”

Chaeyoung looked back at the girls. “If Chungha trusts this group of people, then you can too.”

Jiwoo sighed, still looking distrustful, eyes roaming over the group of pirates. “I had come with Yeji to visit the Oracle in Hong Kong, but on my way there we were attacked. Chaeyoung found us fighting against a female pirate and helped fight her off. We have been in this safehouse for about a month.”

Chunghua nodded, deep in thought before turning to Chaeyoung. “Was the pirate Hani?”

Chaeyoung shook her head. “The energy was not strong enough to be Hani. It must be someone under her control, I could sense that something was wrong.”

Chungha hummed. “Why did the two of you come to see me?”

Jiwoo sighed. “I was coming back to ask if we could join you. Things happened back at home, and I had to leave and take Yeji with me. I was shocked to see everything destroyed.”

Chungha had mentioned earlier when they were climbing the trail that Jiwoo had a very curious background. She came from a commune of girls that swore off dating and were to live rural lifestyles. Jiwoo had expressed to Chungha in the past that she did not particularly like it there anymore, and that she had wanted to leave. Chungha said that Jiwoo had gone back because she left someone close to her there. Chungha had not been sure when Jiwoo might come back to the oracle.

“I see. We are here to take you back with us, you must come. This is Jung Hoseok and some of his crew members. He is the son of Ares and has taken on the task of keeping other demigods safe from Hani.”

Jiwoo looked at Chungha and then Hoseok before sighing. “I cannot sense any lies in your energy. I know that Yeji would want to help as well, so I will agree to coming back with you.” 

Hoseok was surprised. “You can tell if someone is lying.”

Jiwoo narrowed her eyes at him. “I am the daughter of the goddess of the Soul, what did you think? I can read souls.”

Jimin seemed intrigued. “So, an empath?”

Jiwoo nodded. “Yes. If I sensed anything negative from any of you, I would not agree. All of your souls are pure and kind hearted. I am not much of a fan of men in general, nor do I like pirates, but I suppose we can come along if Chungha is there.”

The pirates looked at each other. “Alright, we should head back then.”

Chungha grabbed onto Chaeyoung’s arm. “You should come with us as well.”

Chaeyoung shook her head, soft eyes examining Chungha. “I must stay here. I have been trying to find the other girls that went missing during the attack. I am going to try and rebuild what was destroyed by those pirates. When you are finished with your mission, come back to me.”

Chungha brought Chaeyoung close to her. “I promise. I will come back to you, but you must stay safe.” Chungha placed a kiss on Chaeyoung’s forehead and backed away. “Okay, let’s go now.”

Chungha looked reluctant to leave Chaeyoung, but the group eventually exited the safehouse and back onto the trail.

They hadn’t even been walking for ten minutes when Jiwoo paused. “Something feels wrong. I can sense someone else’s soul near us.”

“Shit.” Hoseok’s face grew grim. “Joon, scout.” 

Namjoon nodded, pulling out a dagger from his cloak chest pocket and going off to search the area around them.

The rest of the crew pulled out their weapons as well.

Yeji took Jiwoo’s hand in her own, eyes wide. “Stay behind me.” Jiwoo said.

Hoseok looked at them. “Can either of you fight?”

Jiwoo scoffed. “Are you asking only because we are women? I could probably take you in a fight right now.”

Hoseok glared at her. “I was asking to make sure you could hold your own if needed, no need to be snarky.”

The wings on Jiwoo’s back fluttered nervously, despite her strong attitude. She twirled around a silver, glittering dagger in her fingers. 

Namjoon came back a few moments later. “We are being watched, though, I am not entirely sure where they are. I could hear rustling around as if they were trying to not be found.”

“So what do we do?” Yoongi asked. “Jiwoo, can you tell how many people there are?”

Jiwoo closed her eyes for a moment. “I can sense about three with malicious intent.”

Hoseok snorted. “Three? That’s it? Did they seriously think they could do anything to us?” Hoseok raised his voice. “You all might as well come out, we know you are here.”

It was silent for a minute before three girls came out of the bushes, their eyes foggy.

“They’re being controlled.” Chungha said in realization. “Do not kill any of them.”

“So what are we supposed to do?” Jiwoo asked.

“What they are doing is not their fault, it would be unfair to kill them.” Chungha’s eyes flitted between the girls in front of them.

“Give us the demigods.” One of the girls said, voice robotic. “If you hand them over, you can leave unharmed.”

Hoseok deadpanned them. “What if we say no?”

Hoseok laughed. “Bring it on.”

The girl’s radiated raw, strong power. None of them were capable of fearing for their lives due to being controlled, and they sure fought like it. They had immediately run at the group who struggled to hold them off and not do any harm to the girls.

Jiwoo stood in front of Yeji, wielding her dagger at the girls and blocking attacks.

“Should we try to tire them out?” Yoongi yelled out. 

The girls were unnaturally fast, not pausing even for a moment. 

“They have pre existing powers which is why Hani targeted them.” Chungha shouted from behind Hoseok.

“Jiwoo! Let me get close to them! I think I can do something!” Yeji tried to get attention and Jiwoo basically snarled. 

“No! You do not have any fighting experience! I won’t let them get near you!”

“Please! Just hold one down for a moment. I want to try something.” 

“You have a few seconds.” Jiwoo said after she managed to grab hold of one of the girls she had been fighting, the girl thrashing around and trying to bite Jiwoo.

Yeji put a hand over the girl’s forehead and focused her energy.

“Yeji? What the fuck are you doing?” Jiwoo screamed in fear, but the girl in her hold suddenly went slack, falling to the ground unconscious. “What did you do?” 

Yeji looked surprised. “Please hold the girls down for me, I can cure them.”

It took a few minutes to get the other girls held down. Yeji repeated the same thing and the other two girls passed out. 

“How did you do that?” Jiwoo asked.

“I expelled the negative energy out of them.” Yeji said softly.

Hoseok was breathing heavily and in shock. 

“Daughter of Eleos, goddess of mercy and compassion. I was not sure what type of power you would have, but this is definitely interesting.” Chungha stated, dusting off her cloak and looking unphased despite all that had just happened.

“They are alive.” Jimin said after checking the pulses on all of the girls.

“Let’s carry them down to the city.” Hoseok said and the others nodded. 

Walking down the path was hard on its own, but carrying three girls made it all that harder. 

“Stay steady. If either of you fall, so will the girls.” Hoseok said to Namjoon and Yoongi. The three of them had taken on the responsibility of carrying them down. Namjoon and Yoongi were livid, but trying their best.

“Where are we going to take them when we get back down?” Jimin asked, easily skipping down the path.

“I know someone who owes me a favor. She is a Doctor.” Chungha said and the others nodded.

When they reached the bottom of the mountain after a few hours, it had started to get dark. Chungha told everyone to follow her and started maneuvering her way along the busy streets, crowded with nightlife.

Eyes from the people in the city followed the pirates, looking suspiciously at the girls on their back, but not wanting to mess with Jung Hoseok.

They arrived at a house and Chungha knocked on the door. “Sana, it’s me. Open up.”

The door opened to reveal the doctor inside who looked at all of them with raised eyebrows. “Come in.”

They crowded the small house and laid the still unconscious girls down.

Sana sighed and looked at Chungha in disbelief. “What have you done now?”

“You still owe me a favor and I am cashing that in. Please help these girls for me. We cannot stay here any longer due to danger, but I know you will be able to take care of them.”

Sana pressed a hand to her forehead and shut her eyes tightly. “Okay, okay. Fine. Sure. I can do that.” Sana looked back down at the girls. “How did this even happen?”

“They were being controlled, but we were able to cure them of it. We need to leave now and cannot take care of them medically.”

Sana nodded slowly. “Ah, Chungha. Remember when you said that you were not going to put yourself in danger anymore? Please stay safe.”

Chungha smiled. “Do not worry for me. Thank you Sana.”

They bid farewell to Sana and exited the house. 

“So what now? Do we go to your ship?” Jiwoo asked, hands on her hips.

“Yes. The two of you will be safe there and I will bring you back here when it is safe again.” Hoseok promised.

Yeji tugged on Jiwoo’s arm. “It’s okay Jiwoo. We should follow them.”

“Okay, to the pirate ship we go.” 

When they arrived back, Seokjin greeted them immediately. “Thank the gods you have returned. Taehyung and Jungkook are driving me crazy.”

Hoseok laughed. “We have luckily found two demigods today. This is Yeji and Jiwoo.”

Taemin appeared from behind Seokjin and looked on curiously, Nayeon next to him. 

“Do not worry, you are both safe here. Hoseok is trustworthy.” Nayeon told the girls who looked like they trusted her more than anyone else. “Come with me, there is also a daughter of Athena here. We can properly explain everything.”

Yeji and Jiwoo followed Nayeon as she led them down to wherever Sunmi was. 

“So, how was it?” Jungkook asked, face lighting up, he seemed like he was vibrating in boredom after not being able to really move anywhere for a week.

“We got ambushed by girls under Hani’s control. However, we found out that not only can Jiwoo read souls, but Yeji can cure people that are under control.” Hoseok stated and Taehyung gasped.

“You got ambushed?”

Jungkook bounced up and down. “That is so cool.”

“Yes, we should let them rest now before hounding them for questions on any other demigods they may know. Jungkook, you should be resting too.”

Jungkook pouted at Hoseok, but let Taehyung lead him away to where the bunks were. 

The other crew members nodded at Hoseok’s words and they set up to sail away from Hong Kong. Hoseok and Yoongi retreated back to the Captain’s quarters.

Yoongi immediately took Hoseok into his arms and pressed a kiss to his lips. “You did well today.”

Hoseok kissed Yoongi back, losing himself in the other pirate, hands roaming up Yoongi’s back. “Let’s lay down, yeah?”

They got comfortable in their now shared bed, Hoseok holding Yoongi in his arms. “It seems like things are going okay. There are four more demigods left to find.”

Yoongi nuzzled his face in Hoseok’s neck, pressing soft kisses to the skin there. “Do you think we will be okay in taking down Hani?”

Hoseok let himself get lost in the feeling of Yoongi’s lips, humming. “Yeah.. W-we can do it. As we find more demigods, we become more powerful as well.”

Yoongi slipped a hand under Hoseok’s shirt, caressing his stomach and up to his chest. “Mhm.”

“Ah, Yoongi. You’re killing me.” Hoseok moaned as Yoongi took off Hoseok’s undershirt. 

“Think we could use some alone time, for once. Let’s enjoy this.” Yoongi murmured before pulling Hoseok in even closer.

“Does anyone possibly have any information about any of the other demigods we are missing? We still don’t have any connection to Kim Jinhwan, Kim Byeongkwan, Park Sooyoung, or Byun Baekhyun.” Hoseok had gathered everyone the following morning. Truthfully, he had wanted to give Jiwoo and Yeji more time to get comfortable, but any second they wasted Hani could find someone.

“I actually do.” Jiwoo spoke up from next to Yeji. Those two girls were hardly ever apart from each other, and Yeji was always holding onto Jiwoo in some form of way.

“Who?” Yoongi asked.

“Kim Byeongkwan. He is a son of Hecate, I met him when we were kids before I joined the- uh nevermind. Anyways. I know him. Last I heard, he lived in the countryside outside of Hanyang where he practices his witchcraft.”

Yoongi and Hoseok looked at each other, faces grim. “Shit.”

Jiwoo stared at them. “Is there a problem?”

“Yeah, so, my father is the King and has a personal vendetta against Hoseok and I so if we step foot in the country he will execute us.”

Jiwoo paused for a moment, considering this. “You what?”

Yeji’s eyes were wide as she took this in. “You are a prince?”

Yoongi snorted. “Was a prince. I faked my death a few years ago and became a pirate.”

“Of course you did…” Jiwoo muttered sarcastically. “That sounds logical.”

“Anyways, Hoseok and I cannot go on this mission. Neither can Namjoon, Jungkook, or Taehyung just to be safe because I am not sure if any guards would recognize them.” Yoongi said and everyone nodded. 

“I am thinking that we should send Jiwoo because she knows Byeongkwan, we send Yeji in case anyone is being controlled by Hani. So I think Seokjin and Jimin will go. Does that sound good to everyone?” Hoseok decided and everyone except Jungkook nodded.

“This is so unfair.” Jungkook whined. “I feel like I’ve been imprisoned on this ship.”

Seokjin rolled his eyes. “Stop being so dramatic, you literally almost died recently.”

“We also cannot dock in Hanyang, that is way too dangerous.” Yoongi said and Hoseok scratched his temple.

“How the hell are we going to do this? Even if they see people coming off of our ship they might capture them. Normally there aren’t many guards in that area but they will be on high alert right now…”

“You can bring us close enough where it won’t be suspicious and then we can use one of the rowboats to bring us to the shore and pretend we are just travellers?” Seokjin asked after they all spent a few minutes thinking.

Hoseok grunted. “I really am starting to think that is our only option here…”

Jiwoo looked like she would rather do anything else, but had no other plan and finally accepted it. 

“Alright, so let’s head to Hanyang.” Yoongi said begrudgingly. “I cannot believe we are already heading back there… It’s not even been two weeks...”

“How are we supposed to get back to the ship when we are done?” Yeji suddenly asked and everyone groaned.

“I can swim next to the rowboat when we are coming back and I would be able to sense the ship near us.” Jimin replied.

Jiwoo scrunched up her nose in confusion. “You’re gonna

Jimin laughed. “I’m a siren, you’re just seeing me in my human form right now.”

Jiwoo nodded, just deciding to accept this. Of course Jung Hoseok would have a siren on his ship.

“Alright everyone, get in position!” Hoseok yelled out and the crew scattered apart. With the crew size increasing, the jobs on the ship had become much easier to get done. Taemin and Jimin had become close friends and they usually did the tasks together. The girls all hung out together, too, doing their tasks and training their powers. Sunmi had been working with the demigods they had saved and spent a few hours each day working with them for an hour to get better at using their powers or finding out which powers they might have.

It was not long before they could see Hanyang on the horizon. 

“Are you all ready?” Hoseok asked and the four crew members nodded back at him. “Alright, let’s lower the boat down.”

They lowered the boat and the four members headed down on the rope ladder to the small boat.

“Be careful in Hanyang, okay? Do not let anyone know where you’ve come from.” Yoongi reminded them, he was really worried about even being near Hanyang at the moment.

“We will be back probably in around two or three days.” Seokjin promised and got ready to use the oars. “This is going to take forever.”

“It’s the safest option.” Jimin reminded him and they (slowly) started rowing away from the pirate ship.

It was a few hours later when the port seemed to be getting clearer and much closer. Jiwoo had fallen asleep as Yeji had run her hand in the water at the side of her, looking down as if trying to see if she could find any sea creatures.

“The port is so empty.” Jimin noticed, looking curiously ahead of them. Usually Hanyang was busy and full of cargo ships or the occasional pirate docking to come to the market. “That is so weird, I wonder what is going on?”

Seokjin nodded, seeming to realize that Jimin was right. “Good thing we didn’t come on the ship then, it would have stood out a lot more than usual.”

It took about another two hours for them to finally reach the port and to dock the tiny boat. They were getting out of the boat when a guard came over.

“What business do you have in Hanyang right now?” 

Seokjin looked in confusion. “We travelled here from Busan as we wanted to travel the coast of Joseon. Is something going on? We’ve been on the water for so long that we have not been updated on any news.”

The man opened a scroll that had faces painted on it. He examined it and looked on at the crew. Eventually he closed it back up and gave them a small smile.

“Sorry about that, we need to screen anyone coming in. The King’s orders, there are some fugitives we have been looking for.”

Seokjin looked on in surprise. “Fugitives?!”

It was a good thing the oldest crew member was a good actor.

The guard nodded. “Yes, Captain Hope is holding the former Crown Prince captive, corrupting him with black magic. Ah, what a tragic story it all is.”

Then he narrowed his eyes at Jiwoo and looked at her wings. “What are you?”

Jiwoo scoffed and Seokjin shot her a look. “I am a demigod, daughter of Psyche.”

The guard continued staring at her wings. “You have wings.”

“Yes? So does my mother. It’s genetic.” Jiwoo crossed her arms over her chest, annoyed.

“Uh, okay. Anyways I hope you all enjoy your time in Hanyang. If you have any information at all on Captain Hope, please report it to any of the guards you see around.”

The guard finally walked off to go back to this post.

“Let’s get out of here.” Seokjin said to the others who readily agreed.

The market was… quiet even though the sun was setting. Usually this was the most packed time, but it was eerie. 

“We should find somewhere to stay.” Yeji said, looking around her.

“Ah, I know a place. Don’t worry.” Seokjin smiled to himself warmly. 

Seokjin led them off to a village next to the market and down a dirt path to a small house. There was an abandoned one next door that he looked at solemnly before moving on to his own.

He knocked on the door and a moment later a middle aged woman opened up, her face in shock.

“Seokjinnie? You’re home.” 

He tried to make his visits to his mother scarce ever since becoming a pirate, even when he did go back to Hanyang. He had not wanted anyone to find out that she knew infamous pirates. 

His mother beckoned everyone to come in. “I will put some tea on, please get comfortable.”

Jimin looked around in awe. “This place is very nice.”

The woman laughed. “Thank you, sweetheart. What is your name?”

“Oh, I’ve heard so much about you in the times I have seen Seokjin. You can call me Kyungmi.” She said before turning back to Seokjin. So why are you here? You always come alone, but this time you have brought others.”

Seokjin sighed. “We have been looking for demigods and there is one nearby.”

His mother hummed. “And what is it I have been hearing about my dear Hoseok getting involved in black magic and kidnapping Crown Prince Min Yoongi?” She cracked a bit of a smile at even the thought.

Seokjin and Jimin groaned. “That is not what happened at all.”

Kyungmi laughed. “I figured as much, Hoseok is too kind to ever kidnap someone. It’s not in his nature.”

Jiwoo scoffed. “If you say so.”

Kyungmi turned to her. “Oh? And who are you? You’re so pretty, those wings are gorgeous.”

“Kim Jiwoo, I’m from Masan. I was in Hong Kong when Hoseok found me and Yeji,” She gestured to the girl next to her. “She’s from Daegu. We are demigods.”

Kyungmi smiled. “I see.”

“Mother, what else can you tell us about what they are saying about Hoseok?” Seokjin asked.

“Mmm, they are saying that he kidnapped Min Yoongi all those years ago and made it look like he has died. They said the Prince is under his control and if we see any of his crew or any magic users we need to tell authorities immediately.”

“That’s bullshit!” Jimin exclaimed before slapping a hand over his mouth. “Sorry.”

Kyungmi chuckled. “No, you’re right. What really happened?”

Seokjin ran a hand through his hair. “We actually only met Yoongi a few months ago. He faked his own death and became a necromancer pirate. He and Hoseok joined up and now Captain our ship together. They went and confronted the King last week and it did not go very well.”

“I don’t suppose it would.”

“Yes, and then we found out another demigod is in the area so the four of us who were not involved last week came here because they would not recognize us.”

His mother shook her head. “That Hoseok, always getting himself into trouble. You should hear the ridiculous things people say about him.”

Jimin giggled. “That is mostly because of Taehyung and Jungkook. They try to spread the worst rumors possible about him for fun.”

“He does have quite the reputation. People here who used to adore him speak about him like he’s some sort of devil, it’s sad. They’ve made up stories pretending they always knew he was bad. I even heard someone say he murdered his mother.”

Seokjin huffed. “That’s terrible…”

“I know, please never tell him. Anyways, let me prepare dinner for you all.”

“I can help!” Jimin said and scurried next to Kyungmi who led him off to the kitchen.

“What was Seokjin like when he was younger?” Jimin asked eagerly when it was just the two of them.

Kyungmi gave him a knowing look. “I run a herb stand in the market and he used to help me with it so diligently when he was a kid. He’s always been a hard worker and a sweet kid. Him and Hoseok were always helping out the older women in the village.”

Jimin grinned to himself. “I guess not much has changed then.”

Kyungmi laughed as she cut up vegetables. “So tell me, are you and my son together?”

Jimin blushed, looking shocked. “What? Huh? W-why would you think that? Haa..”

Kyungmi patted his shoulder. “It’s okay, I’ve always known he likes men. He and that Namjoon guy definitely seemed quite close back then..”

“Ahhh. Well, I really like him, but I don’t know how he feels for me…”

“Based on the way he talks about you in the letters he sends me, I would say he feels something for you. That is actually why I asked.”

Jimin smiled to himself as he continued to help her in the kitchen.

After dinner Jimin and Seokjin went to sleep in Seokjin’s old room and Jiwoo and Yeji were going to stay in the same room as Seokjin’s mother.

“What did you and my mother talk about?” Seokjin asked as the two boys got ready to sleep.

“Oh, uh. We talked about you, I guess.”

Seokjin nudged him playfully. “You better not be making me look bad in front of my mother.” He joked.

“O-of course not. I actually want to talk to you about something.”

Seokjin hummed and laid next to Jimin.  “Go ahead.”

“Ah, well. Namjoon probably told you that he confessed to me and that I like him too.”

Seokjin wondered where this was going. “Yes.”

“Well, I, actually. Like you as well. I like both of you.”

Seokjin turned to face Jimin, breathing out a sigh of relief. “I like you, too. I also like Namjoon and he knows I like you both.”

“We haven’t been sure when the right moment to bring it up to you would be… You know, that we all have feelings for each other.”

“I was not sure how you felt about me, to be honest. I think that’s why I held back on it. But we need to talk to Namjoon about it when we get back since it’s all out in the open now.”

Jimin smiled softly at Seokjin’s words. “Yeah, we should.”

“Goodnight, Jimin. Sleep well.”

The next morning came faster than all of them would have hoped. They gathered up together, looking around sleepily.

“I guess you all need to go then?” Kyungmi asked and Seokjin nodded.

“We need to get this demigod to the ship as soon as possible. He is in danger.”

“Alright, just promise me to stay safe.”

“We’ll try our best.”

Seokjin hugged his mother and she bid the crew farewell as they left her house.

“Alright, Jiwoo, where are we going?” Seokjin asked.

“It’s actually not too far from here. We need to go through this area of forest and we should end up there. It’s very small, I think there were only a couple homes.”

Seokjin nodded and they headed towards the end of Seokjin’s village and went into the forest.

“I am definitely made for the sea.” Jimin said to Jiwoo as he almost stepped in a pile of mud on the way.

“Why would a siren even join a pirate crew?” Jiwoo asked.

“I am a half siren and was captured by humans as a child. Hoseok saved me so I have decided to stay with him.”

Jiwoo looked suspicious, but nodded. 

“I know you aren’t exactly thrilled about him, but he is not at all like the stories say.” Jimin told her having realized quickly her aversion to joining the crew.

“I know you’re right, I am trying not to be so negative about this.” 

“You know, you’re a really good fighter too. You would be an amazing pirate.” Jimin smiled at the girl.

Jiwoo laughed. “The place I used to live… They trained us for combat. Similar to you, I was kidnapped as a child from Hanyang and brought there because I am a demigod. It was a women’s only colony and I thought the things we did were normal… It was not until I met Yeji about a year and a half ago where I realized that it wasn’t a healthy environment and I wanted to get out. Yeji was the one who told me about Chungha and I managed to convince the leader of my colony to let me take a trip on the pretense that I am gaining valuable information for us.”

Jimin listened carefully as Jiwoo started to open up to him. “Why didn’t you stay with Chungha?”

“I wanted so badly, but I wanted Yeji to come with me. I went back and knew it would be a long time before they let me leave again. It was… Well, love in our colony was forbidden and I fell in love.”

Jimin’s eyes widened. “You were in love?”

Jiwoo smiled. “I still am, with Yeji. The two of us got together about six months ago and the colony ended up finding out about a month ago. They tried to kill Yeji, and said I was under her spell or something. They said they needed to kill her and free me.”

Jimin gasped, looking at the sweet girl walking silently next to Jiwoo. “They tried to kill her?”

“Yes, so we ran away. I don’t think I can go back to that area ever again. We snuck onto a cargo ship heading towards Hong Kong so that we could join Chungha. I don’t trust people easily, I’m really trying to work on that. I lived my entire life a certain way and it’s hard for me to see things differently.”

Jimin looked at her in thought. “Our crew is like a family. We would do anything for each other and I know that ever since you joined us that Hoseok would die for you as well. He is very serious when he says things like that. He has risked his life for us before, we are the family he never had. He treats us as such.”

“I was told very horrible things about people outside of our colony in general growing up.”

“There are very bad people out there. I did not trust humans at all when Hoseok saved me. I thought he was going to be like everyone else who had passed me onto the next person. It took a few years for me to properly trust them like a family. I know it is really hard to move past a way you have lived before, but if I can do it, so can you.”

“I really am going to try my best to be nicer to everyone.” Jiwoo promised and Jimin could see the way Yeji was grinning from beside her. Jimin knew that she was Jiwoo’s biggest supporter. Things should be looking better for those two now.

They had been walking for a couple hours in the forest and everyone was starting to get hungry again. 

“We are almost there, we should be reaching a clearing in a few minutes.” Jiwoo promised. 

“How do you know Byeongkwan again?” Seokjin asked.

“This is actually where I grew up, I lived in the same village. My parents were murdered when I was taken though, so…”

True to her word, the trees started to part and there was a field in front of them with about three cottages spread apart in it.

“I hope he still lives here. His house should be that one, on the left.” Jiwoo pointed ahead.

Seokjin nodded and the four of them walked over to it and knocked on the door.

It opened slowly and they could see a boy with long braided blond hair open the door. “W-who are you?”

“You are Byeongkwan, the son of Hecate. Is that correct?” Seokjin asked and fear struck on the boy’s face.

“No. I don’t know who that is.” Then slammed the door shut.

The four crew members stood there in shock before looking at each other in confusion.

“That was definitely him. He had blond hair when we grew up, I remember because the color was so weird.” Jiwoo stated before knocking on the door again. “Byeongkwan! It’s me! Kim Jiwoo!! I was your neighbor when we were kids!” She shouted from outside the door.

“I don’t know who Byeongkwan is! Go away!” Byeongkwan yelled back from the other side.

“What is going on here?” Seokjin exclaimed, uncertain of what to do. He did not want to barge into the boy’s house without permission.

“Byeongkwan please! Let us explain why we are here! We don’t mean any harm.” Jiwoo shouted again and the door slowly opened back up. 

“Please don’t take me away.” The boy whispered, voice trembling.

Seokjin cleared his throat. “I don’t think you know who we are…”

“You’re palace officials! I don’t want to go to prison!” Tears started to fall from his eyes. “Please. I don’t know how you found me, please. I can’t go to prison.” 

“Byeongkwan.” Jiwoo cut the delirious boy off. “Don’t you remember me? We used to catch dragonflies together because you said they look like me.”

“H-huh?” Byeongkwan finally looked over at Jiwoo and his eyes went wide when he saw her wings. “I thought you died… Why do you work for the palace now? Did they capture you?”

Jiwoo sighed. “No. None of us are with the palace, actually we are on the run from them too. Please let us in so we can talk to you.”

“Fine.” Byeongkwan sniffed and led them inside the tiny cottage. “Sorry for the mess…”

Seokjin turned to Jiwoo and whispered. “You should tell him what’s going on, I don’t think he would listen to the rest of us.”

Jiwoo agreed. “Byeongkwan… so you know how we are both demigods, right?”

Byeongkwan looked warily at Seokjin before nodding.

“Well. This is Jimin, he is a siren. This is Yeji, she is the daughter of Eleos. This is Seokjin, he is from the village just across the woods, his cousin is the son of Ares.”

Byeongkwan looked at each of them with wide watery eyes. “A-ares? As in…. Your cousin is that pirate?”

Seokjin sighed. “Yes, I realize he has quite the name for himself.”

Byeongkwan glared at the floor. “This is his fault! He is the reason I have been hiding from the palace.”

“Please, stop yelling and listen.” Jiwoo demanded, starting to grow impatient. “Demigods are being hunted right now.”

“Yes! Because of Jung fucking Hoseok! Why did he have to go use black magic and ruin shit for the rest of the witches?” Byeongkwan yelled in frustration. 

“No! Please, listen. There is a daughter of Poseidon and she has been trying to kill off all demigods. She destroyed Jeju island and the Oracle of Hong Kong’s cave. I was just in Hong Kong and saw what happened. Also please stop speaking that bullshit about the Captain. Min Yoongi is a necromancer and left the palace on his own free will and it’s

that he’s fucking Captain Hope anyway. There was no black magic involved. You need to listen to me or else you are going to die!”

Byeongkwan was taken aback at the outburst from his childhood friend. Jimin held in a laugh.

“I’m listening.”

“Thank you. You need to come with us to the pirate ship.”

“You need to! Or else Hani is going to find you and murder you!”

Seokjin stepped forward. “She’s right. We promise to keep you safe and bring you back here when we destroy her.”

Byeongkwan fumed. “Fine.”

Seokjin and Jimin sighed out in relief. “If we leave here now, we should be able to get back to my mother’s house by nightfall.” 

The other’s nodded and left the cottage, Byeongkwan very unwilling. 

Dusk had hit right when they arrived as Seokjin had predicted. His mother opened the door and snorted when she saw a fifth person.

“I guess things went well?”

“Sorry for intruding again, mother. We will be staying here for another night before we head back to the ship.” 

Kyungmi looked at her son fondly. “Seokjin, you are never intruding.”

She let them in and quickly made them all some dinner before sending them off to bed.

Unfortunately, Byeongkwan ended up sharing a room with Jimin and Seokjin that night and tried to be as far away from them as possible. “If you ever try killing me, I will hex your asses into oblivion.”

Seokjin leaned back against where he was laying. “I promise we are just trying to protect you. We still have three more demigods left to find before we can properly go after Hani.”

“Whatever.” Byeongkwan said in frustration.

“I know it’s hard to trust people at times, but you need to believe us.” Jimin said softly.

Byeongkwan listened but didn’t respond. Truthfully, he had always been looked down upon for practicing witchcraft. Most demigods had always been respected, but people treated Byeongkwan like he was evil simply because of who his mother was. Hecate, goddess of witchcraft. It had never been fair, so he enjoyed his simple life away from humanity. He only went into the market to buy groceries once a week and even then, he avoided everyone there. And especially lately, it had been even harder to go anywhere after what had happened in the palace. Witchcraft had always been banned, but now they were cracking down on it even more so than they had in the past. 

Byeongkwan shivered.He supposed he would need to get over his fear of other people.

“Alright, is everyone ready to head back to the ship?” Seokjin had woken everyone up around dawn that morning for an early start.

“You might be surprised, but yes. I miss Nayeon, Sunmi, and Chungha.” Jiwoo said.

Byeongkwan perked up. “Chungha? The oracle is on your ship?”

Seokjin nearly facepalmed. “Yes, yes she is.”

Byeongkwan’s eyes lit up. “Why did you not tell me this before?”

“If I had known…” Seokjin muttered under his breath, but he supposed it was a good thing for the boy to finally put some energy into the mission.

The market was still quiet when they made it back there. Seokjin even spotted wanted posters of his friends' faces hanging around everywhere. “This is so creepy…”

Seokjin tore off a picture of Hoseok’s face and stuffed it into his cloak to show Hoseok later. 

Jimin shuddered.“Can we please get out of here? I don’t like this.” 

Seokjin brought them back to the port and they were stopped by the same palace guard again. “Halt!”

Seokjin cursed under his breath and then smiled at the guard. “Yes?”

“There is one more person with you than before.” The guard said obviously, staring at Byeongkwan in suspicion.

“Yes, we are heading back to Busan and we picked up someone who has business down there. He is paying us finely for us to take him.” Seokjin stated, voice calm.

The guard narrowed his eyes. “He has blond hair.”

“Yes? Is that a problem?” Seokjin put his hands on his waist. 

The guard shrugged. “It is a witch trait to be able to change hair color.”

Jiwoo stepped forward. “I grew up with him and he was born with blond hair.”

“If you say so…” The guard considered this.

“Yes, now please let us go. We have business to attend to as soon as possible.”

The guard decided to let them leave thankfully and the five of them stuffed themselves into the small boat much to Byeongkwan’s dismay.

“This does not look like much of a pirate ship.” He hissed at Seokjin under his breath. “Stupid fucking…”

“Did you really think we were going to dock our ship at this port of all places? Do you think us stupid?” Seokjin whispered back.

Byeongkwan grunted and looked off into the distance. You could not even see any ships from there. “Whatever.”

Seokjin rowed them off the shore and into the sea at a far enough distance before turning to Jimin. “You ready?”

Jimin nodded and stripped himself of his shirt and jumped into the water.

“What the fuck?” Byeongkwan yelled 

“You are going to give me a headache.” Seokjin said to the demigod and he glared.

Jimin surfaced next to the rowboat and grinned at Jiwoo. “Do you wanna see my tail?”

She nodded eagerly and Jimin showed it off. Byeongkwan almost fell overboard in shock.

“You’re so pretty, Jimin!” Yeji exclaimed and Jiwoo nodded.

“Thank you!” Jimin beamed. “Alright give me a few minutes to locate the ship.”

Jimin swam under and could sense the ship far off to the right. He came back up.

It took them five hours of taking turns with the oars to get back to the ship, the huge vessel towering over them.

“Holy shit.” Byeongkwan murmured. 

the ship. You got anything else you wanna say?” Seokjin stated before calling up.

Byeongkwan cursed under his breath, annoyed.

 Jungkook poked his head over the side of the ship and grinned down at them.

“You look so tiny down there! I could squash you with my fingers!” 

“Get Hoseok, you little shit.” Seokjin yelled back and they could hear Jungkook cackling with amusement. 

Soon, a rope ladder was thrown down to them and they sent Byeongkwan up first with Jiwoo and Yeji following close behind him.

Seokjin pulled Jimin out of the water and they waited for his legs to reappear before the two of them went back up.

The crew greeted them excitedly on the deck, Hoseok looking like he was seconds away from passing out (probably from how worried he had been, he had never sat back and waited during a quest before).

Hoseok stood in front of Byeongkwan with a huge smile adorning his face. Byeongkwan glared and Seokjin could see Hoseok’s smile falter only slightly. “Nice to meet you! I am Captain Hope and this is Captain Yoongi.”

“Whatever.” Byeongkwan said and refused to make eye contact.

“Watch your attitude.” Yoongi said to Byeongkwan who sized up the ex prince. 

“Your Highness.” Byeongkwan said sarcastically.

Seokjin nudged Byeongkwan and glared at him. “I know you are not thrilled with the situation right now, but you don’t need to be rude.”

“I’ll take him to the bunks.” Jiwoo volunteered quickly and Seokjin nodded as she basically dragged Byeongkwan off.

“What the fuck?” Hoseok questioned Seokjin who sighed.

“It has been quite a journey… Also I brought you back something.” Seokjin took the wanted poster out of his cloak and handed it to Hoseok who examined it, amused.

“I am going to hang this above my bed.” He smirked and Yoongi whacked his arm.

“Why?” Hoseok whined before looking back at the poster again. “They made me ugly…”

Yoongi ignored Hoseok and turned back to Seokjin. “How are things in Hanyang?”

“Terrible. They made it seem like Hoseok took you hostage and the King seems to be putting up some weird fatherly act of trying to get you back. They’re saying Hoseok used black magic on you and now they’re targeting all pirates and magic users. That’s why Byeongkwan is so mad.”

“I’m surprised they even let us into the city. They are monitoring every single person who docks there and there are palace officials roaming all over the place.”

Yoongi kicked at the ground. “I am going to kill that shithead of a father the moment we are done with Hani. He has seriously taken this too far.”

Hoseok nodded. “And he made my wanted posters look ugly.”

Yoongi cracked a smile at that. “You are so unbearable.”

“I’m going to find Namjoon, I’ll see you both later, okay?” Seokjin said and Yoongi nodded. 

Seokjin found Namjoon and Jimin hanging out at the stern and cleared his throat. “I think it is time the three of us finally have a proper chat.”

Namjoon looked carefully between Jimin and Seokjin and smiled softly at the two loves of his life. “Did you both finally talk?”

Jimin nodded. “During the quest to find Byeongkwan, I talked to Seokjin’s mother and it gave me the confidence to confess to him properly.” 

Seokjin laughed. “How did my mother manage to do that?”

Jimin grinned up at him. “She told me she could tell you have feelings for me.”

“Ah, she betrayed me.” Seokjin shook his head in fake disbelief. 

“I think she sped this up in the long run, or else we would have kept making excuses.” Namjoon said and the two others nodded. “So what does this make us?”

“I think I would like to consider you both my boyfriends.” Jimin told them, his heart light in his chest.

“I would really like that.” 

Namjoon thought back to all those years ago where he pitifully followed Seokjin around like a baby duck, oh how he wished he could go back and time and tell his past self that he

worthy of dating not only Kim Seokjin, but also the most beautiful siren that the ocean had to offer. 

Life was going to be alright,

It took about two days before Byeongkwan finally came out of the bunks, and he did not seem happy about it. It seemed as though there was a permanent scowl on his face.

“I guess there is really nothing I can do about this predicament.” He told everyone after Hoseok gathered a meeting to talk about finding the last three demigods. “I know Sooyoung lives in Bangkok and she is close friends with Jinhwan so he may be there as well. Sooyoung sometimes sends me materials for my practice.” 

“Thailand… Alright. We need to head there immediately, chances are Hani might be ahead of us on that one. It will take some time to get us there…” Hoseok furrowed his eyebrows in thought and turned to Chungha. “Do you have any idea what’s going on with Hani?”

Chungha hummed, eyes looking elsewhere, but glowing slightly. “She is very angry, but I do not know her whereabouts. I’ve had a few visions of her on her ship, but nothing giving me a definite location. All I can see is how angry she is.”

Hoseok nodded, he hadn’t expected much. “Well. Prepare to sail! Let’s get going.”

Hoseok turned harshly towards the main deck, his long red coat swishing with his movements. Yoongi followed close behind him as they made their way up. 

Hoseok stared out at the ocean, hands stiffly on his hips. “Love, things are not looking so good.”

Yoongi stood next to Hoseok, looking up at the other’s stern expression. “We are winning. Chungha has not taken a single demigod out of our grasp yet. She is not as strong as she likes to believe. Also, I wanted to discuss with you something involving the fight we will inevitably have with her.”

Hoseok finally turned to look at Yoongi who was glowing in the early morning sun, small droplets of water from the waves splashing the sides of the ship, glistening on his black hair. “What is it?” Hoseok’s voice softened.

“Hani has power on water, she is useless on land. We never hear of her leaving the ship. If we manage to drag her off the ship in a trap on land, she would be easy to defeat.” Yoongi spoke each word with a newfound determination.

Hoseok slapped a hand to his forehead. “Fuck! You’re a genius, how did I never think of that?” He placed a kiss on the top of the ex prince’s forehead. “But how are we going to do that…”

Yoongi caressed Hoseok’s lower back. “All will happen in due time. Let’s focus on Jinhwan and Sooyoung, we can worry about trapping Hani later.”

Hoseok exhaled, trying to relax himself. “You’re right. I believe we have an advantage against her anyway, when you point it out. We have been fighting on water for almost ten years now, but we also are strong on land. We can do both very well while she only has one.”

“Exactly.” Yoongi’s lips quirked up in a smile as he could see Hoseok relaxing with each new work spoken. “We will be okay, my love.”

Hoseok wrapped an arm around Yoongi’s waist and looked back out on the vast ocean. “Yeah, we’ll be okay.”

Bangkok was busy when they arrived. Hoseok always found it intriguing, how people could just go about their daily lives, not even knowing they could be in possible danger at any given moment. 

He always loved coming to Bangkok, the city always had a sweet smell wafting from it and the food was almost like a delicacy for the crew. The sweetest fruits you could find were here, and the dishes never disappointed.

Hoseok wished they were here for leisure, but they needed to get straight to business. 

He paced up the deck looking at each member of his crew, hands clasped behind his back. “So, who other than Byeongkwan wants to come today?”

Byeongkwan scowled deeply. “I absolutely did

volunteer for this stupid field trip.”

Jiwoo sighed from next to him. “I will go, someone needs to babysit this one apparently.” She glared at Byeongkwan.

“I will go as well.” Namjoon spoke up and Hoseok nodded. 

“The four of us, then.” 

Yoongi tilted his head in confusion. “What about me?” 

Hoseok gave his lover a concerned glance. “Yoongi, I am still worried someone here could recognize you. I am not sure how far your father will go.” 

Yoongi looked hurt, stepping closer into Hoseok, almost sizing him up. “And what of you? Your face has always been recognized internationally where mine is not.” 

“Yoongi, darling, please. I don’t want to risk you getting injured or kidnapped.”

Yoongi looked aghast, the other crew members watching the two of them warily. “That’s bullshit, Hoseok. You are more at risk of getting hurt than me all the time. It’s not fair to leave me on this ship like some damsel who can't do shit, while you go out and do all the hard work. What am I? A sorrowful wife waiting for her husband, who probably had died, to come back from the war?”

Hoseok shut his eyes tightly in irritation. He could feel the anger coming off of Yoongi. “You are staying on the ship and that is final.” 

walk away from me right now, Jung Hoseok.” Yoongi yelled furiously as Hoseok turned around and walked towards the edge of the boat.

“Namjoon, Byeongkwan, Jiwoo. Come with me please.” 

Yoongi let out an angry huff. “What the fuck is your problem?”

“Seokjin, make sure he does not step off the ship.” Hoseok said his final words before jumping off the ship and onto the rope ladder leading down to the dock.

Yoongi went to follow him, but Seokjin held him back. 

“Let me go! This is not fair!”

“I’m sorry, Yoongi. I do not think it would be a good idea for you to follow after him with you both so angry.” Seokjin tried to sympathize.

“What are you? A fucking dog? Only want to listen to your owner?” Yoongi yelled at the older man who grimaced.

“Okay, that is enough. You need to go cool off somewhere. Hoseok has good intentions, though presented poorly. Go rest now.” Seokjin released Yoongi’s arm.

The ex prince stormed off to the Captain’s Quarters, locking the door behind him. 

Seokjin exchanged worried looks with Jimin. 

“I won’t lie, I would be pissed off also.” Jungkook spoke up, causing Taehyung to nudge him disapprovingly. 

Seokjin sighed deeply. “Hoseok is trying to protect someone who has been overly protected his entire life. He needs to understand that Yoongi is a pirate out of the freedom of it. Yoongi does not want to be protected. He is capable of fighting on his own.” 

Jimin nodded. “They are going to need to work this out when Hoseok gets back. I cannot deal with a lovers quarrel on the ship right now.”

Yoongi fumed on the bed he had come to share with Hoseok. Realistically he understood that he and Hoseok had gotten into a relationship in terrible conditions. They had always fought beforehand and never worked through the previous issues after declaring themselves boyfriends.

Neither of them had dated anyone before either.

Yoongi groaned and leaned back against the headboard. The room smelled like Hoseok and it was pissing him off at the moment. 

Someone knocked on the door and Yoongi threw a pillow at it creating a loud thud.

“Let me in!” He heard Jungkook yelling from the otherside. 

Yoongi slid off the bed and cracked the door open slightly. “Not if you’re going to tell me that I was an asshole, because I had every right to be mad.”

“No, no! I’m on your side.” Jungkook rationalized and Yoongi shook his head. 

“There is no taking sides, don’t be childish.” Yoongi chided but let the younger pirate inside. 

Jungkook took a running leap and landed belly first on the large bed, patting the side next to him for Yoongi to sit.

Yoongi begrudgingly sat next to him. 

Jungkook turned himself over to sit upright. “Let’s chat about this.”

Yoongi leaned back and slammed his head on the wall their bed was on. “Do we need to?”

on your side, I’ve known the Captain long enough to understand him.” Jungkook gave Yoongi an understanding look. 

“Speak then.” Yoongi said, giving up.

“You more than anyone understand Hoseok’s self sacrificial tendencies and his overprotectiveness. Homer would call that shit

“Homer? Who? Hubris?” Yoongi echoed softly.

“Yeah it’s like a weakness or some shit. When I was a child, I used to be really into those stories of the ancient Greek heroes. I used to sneak into plays and performances and everything. Hubris was always what caused the downfall of the tragic hero, it is their fatal flaw. Hoseok’s is his self sacrifice over protective tendencies. Though, most of the time the hero’s hubris often was their cockiness. Always thought they were better than the gods. Hoseok… He…” Jungkook looked up towards the ceiling, licking his lips in thought. “Hoseok is like that to a point. He becomes over confident when the situation provokes his protectiveness. He will take on anything and everything if it were to keep us safe. That would be the cause of his downfall. Genuinely I think he needs a reality check.”

Yoongi laughed a bit. “Since when are you into all that?”

Jungkook blushed a bit. “I used to think I could be like one of those heroes too. Taehyung is what keeps me humble. I believe that you could be to Hoseok what Taehyung is to me. That is why I came to you. I think I am very similar to Hoseok where I am way too overconfident in my abilities, and you saw what happened to me.” Jungkook looked down at his side where Yoongi knew there was a large scar under his shirt.

Yoongi smiled. “You are way smarter than you let on.”

Jungkook gave Yoongi a huge smile. “Of course I am.” He puffed out his chest.

Yoongi chuckled. “Thank you for talking to me and letting me clear my mind. Hoseok and I need to have this conversation for sure.”

Jungkook stood up to leave the room and then paused, turning around and giving Yoongi a sly look. “Also, I know neither of you have said anything yet about your relationship status yet, but these walls are only so thin and we can see the looks you give each other. Okay, bye.”

“Wait-” Yoongi couldn’t even finish the word before Jungkook had sprinted out of the room cackling.

“Are you sure you are okay?” Namjoon asked for, maybe, the millionth time in five minutes as the four of them made their way through the vendors in the city. 

“If you ask me that one more time I am going to put my sword through you.” Hoseok muttered under his breath.

Namjoon nodded and rolled his eyes. “Right. You’re totally fine.”

“Not gonna lie, Captain, but I’d be pissed off if I were Captain Min right now, too.” Jiwoo spoke up and Namjoon sent his deadliest glare her way, but she ignored it.

“And why is that?” Hoseok asked, his voice strained.

Namjoon cleared his throat. “I think I can answer that.”

Hoseok grimaced. “Seriously, Joon? You’re on his side? You know how dangerous it is for him.”

Namjoon deadpanned the Captain. “Don’t be a child. Have you even considered Yoongi’s reasoning for being upset? I know him better than anyone and that boy was basically held captive by his father for his entire

Hoseok, he could not even leave the palace without being surrounded by a bunch of guards. He could not do anything or go anywhere without someone else being there.”

Hoseok opened his mouth to say something, but Namjoon glared.

“Let me finish. Yoongi hated his life so much that he literally faked his death to be free. He finally finds someone who can love him, just for you to hold him captive on a boat. Consider this for a moment. Yoongi is perfectly capable of defending himself and you know it. You know it, Hoseok. Do not be a fool.”

Hoseok paused his steps and bit his lip.

Jiwoo and Byeongkwan looked on nervously, unsure of what the feared Captain’s reaction to being called out would be.

Namjoon, however, held his ground, staring down Hoseok with a fiery intensity.

“You're right. Shit, you’re so right. I am so dumb, I didn’t even think about that. Oh my gods he must hate me right now.” Hoseok’s voice broke. “We need to go back right now.”

Namjoon held Hoseok in place. “No. You need to give him time to cool down and we have something extremely important to do here right now. You can apologize later, we need to move on.”

Hoseok exhaled sharply. “Right, okay. Let’s get this shit over with so that I can go back.”

Byeongkwan led them through the streets with ease. He mentioned that he had only been here once before, but he glided through the city. 

“They own a greenhouse together.” The witch said to the others as they made it to the edge of the city. The heat was sweltering and Hoseok felt like he was going to pass out at any given moment if he did not get water.

“I came here before because they had asked me to cast a spell that protects the greenhouse from mortal view. You need to focus super hard to find it but it should be in this area…” Byeongkwan’s eyes flicked around the area around them. “aha.” 

The witch spoke an incantation under his breath and the air to the right of them started shimmering as a large greenhouse attached to a cottage came into view.

“That was so amazing…” Hoseok grinned at Byeongkwan who refused to make eye contact.

“Whatever, let’s knock.” 

Byeongkwan strolled up to the door of the cottage with the three pirates following close behind. He knocked and stood back, waiting for someone to answer. 

The dark oak door opened slowly, revealing a girl with long dark hair in two french braids with flowers tied in it. The darkness of her hair complimented the silky white dress she had on. Her lips were a deep red and her eyes black as night, staring at them with confusion. “Byeongkwan?” 

Hoseok bowed to the girl. “Are you Sooyoung?” 

She looked nervously between Byeongkwan and Hoseok. Byeongkwan nodded.

“Ah, yes. That is me. Why don’t you all come inside…”

They followed her inside the simple home, flowers and other leafy plants covering a large portion of the small wooden cottage.

“I’ve just brewed some lavender and rose tea, why don’t you all sit down. I will go get Jinhwan.”

Sooyoung put down a pot of tea and several teacups on the main dining table while the pirates sat down. She then went off to find the other demigod.

Hoseok examined the room around him and nearly jumped out of his skin when a plant started wrapping itself around his body.

“W-what the fuck is this?” Hoseok practically screeched and Namjoon had to hold back his laughter.

“That is Charlotte, I think she likes you.” A new voice said.

Sooyoung and a boy around the same as her came into view. He had golden brown hair that flowed down his back in waves. His eyes were the same color, and he was wearing gardening clothes.

“It has a name? Why are you talking about it as if it is living?” Hoseok’s voice went up several intervals.

Charlotte flicked his cheek with a leaf and Namjoon thought Hoseok was going to pass out.

“Charlotte, let him be please.” Sooyoung said as the plant slowly took itself off of Hoseok. “Sorry, she smells fear.”

Namjoon snorted into his hand and Hoseok gave him the darkest glare he could muster.

Sooyoung came to sit down with the others and gestured to Jinhwan to follow. 

“So, Byeongkwan is here and brought some guests. I do not believe I have seen your faces around here before. Oh, your wings are gorgeous.” Sooyoung looked lovingly at the wings on Jiwoo’s back. 

Jiwoo grinned, proud. “Thank you! I am Jiwoo, the daughter of the goddess Psyche.”

Jinhwan’s eyebrows shot straight up. “A demigod? My name is Kim Jinhwan, son of the goddess Hebe.”

Sooyoung looked just as surprised. “I am Park Sooyoung, daughter of the goddess Antheia.”

Hoseok cleared his throat. “Yes, I don’t mean to alarm you but my name is Jung Hoseok, the son of Ares.”

Sooyoung and Jinhwan gave him blank stares.

“Ah, another demigod… So all of us are here?” Sooyoung was not even fearful of Hoseok, she did not even react.

“He’s just a regular human.” Hoseok pointed at Namjoon. Then he leaned forwards. “You must be wondering what I am doing here.”

Jinhwan tilted his head in confusion. “You aren’t here to purchase plants?”

Hoseok stared at him. “What? No.” He cleared his throat. “We need you to come with us to our pirate ship.”

Sooyoung’s eyes widened a bit. “You’re a

Namjoon wished he could sear the image of the pure shock on Hoseok’s face after Sooyoung said that.

Hoseok composed himself. “You, uh, you’ve surely heard of Captain Hope?”

Sooyoung furrowed her eyebrows. “I do not believe I have? Is he your captain?”

She glanced at Jinhwan who was just as confused as she was.

Hoseok coughed a bit. “It’s… Ah. No, I am Captain Hope actually. Well, that’s my nickname anyway. I’m kind of a famous pirate, that's all.” He cleared his throat.

Jinhwan raised his eyebrows. “You’re famous?”

Hoseok looked embarrassed, then waved it off, but his slightly blushing face spoke to itself. “It’s nothing. We are here for a reason, though. You both need to come with us.”

Charlotte smacked Hosek’s face with a leaf causing the pirate to curse under his breath.

“We really can’t…” Sooyoung said, exchanging looks with Jinhwan. “We need to stay here and take care of the plants.”

Namjoon leaned over the table and clasped his hands together nervously. “There is a daughter of Poseidon who has been trying to kill off all of the demigods, and she is coming after you guys.”

Jinhwan’s eyes widened in shock. “A daughter of Poseidon? Since when?”

Hoseok nodded. “Yes, so it is really urgent, please.”

“Can I speak to my mother first?” Sooyoung ask, voice gentle. 

Hoseok and Namjoon nodded. Hoseok was especially curious how she was going to get in contact with her mother.

He never had a way to get in contact with his father.

Sooyoung gathered some dried lavender from her cabinets and nodded towards Jinhwan who held out his palms, faced toward the ceiling. 

A large flame burst from his palms and Hoseok nearly fell over. “What the fuck?”

Sooyoung stepped close to him, closing her eyes, dark black lashes over her honey colored skin. She placed the lavender in the flame and held both hands clasped towards her chest.

Hoseok waited for something to happen, but it was silent.

The scent of lavender wafted through the room, Hoseok’s eyes felt a bit droopy.

After a few minutes, Sooyoung opened her eyes. “Mother says that we should go with you and that she will watch over my greenhouse.”

Jinhwan diminished the flame.

Hoseok did not know where to start, he had never seen something quite like this. “How the hell does he have fire coming out of his hands?” 

Jinhwan chuckled. “I have the power of a Phoenix, the bird of regeneration.” 

Hoseok considered this for a moment before turning to Sooyoung. “Also how did you manage to contact your mother?”

Sooyoung cocked her head to the side. “Do you not pray to your father?”

“Pray for his destruction, maybe.” Hoseok grumbled.

Byeongkwan, who Hoseok had nearly forgotten was there with how silent he was, scoffed. “Not all of us have a terrible relationship with our parents.” 

Hoseok scoffed. “I don’t remember asking you.

Jiwoo whacked Byeongkwan’s arm. “Do you have any filter? Seriously?”

“Let’s get out of here.” Namjoon said after a moment of silence from everyone in the room. 

Sooyoung went to squat in front of the large leafy plant named Charlotte. “I’m going to miss you, sweetheart. Make sure my mother does what she needs to.”

The plant shuddered a bit and Hoseok scowled at it.

It was minutes after they finally left the cottage where Hoseok thought something was off.

“It was sunny out when we got here not even two hours ago, correct?”

Sooyoung paused. “Yes, it was.”

The group looked up towards the sky where dark, bruised clouds had formed above the city of Bangkok. 

Harsh rain suddenly poured down on them.

“Get out of here right now! We need to get to the ship right now!” Hoseok yelled out and they ran as fast as they could through the vendors until they reached the port. 

The waves were crashing against the dock which was creaking loudly under the pressure, wobbling back and forth in the current. 

Hoseok watched as the large waves slammed against the side of his ship, spraying the entire deck. 

The only time waves were like this was on the open sea during a storm, it was never this bad at a port.

“Hoseok, get them on the ship!” He heard Seokjin yell from above on the deck where he threw over the side the rope ladder.

“Namjoon help me get them up!” Hoseok called out and they helped Sooyoung get balanced on the ladder and climb up, petals from the flowers in her hair falling out and blown away in the wind. 

One by one they got up the ladder as the rain got worse, the waves nearly knocking Byeongkwan off the ladder, his feet slipping from each step.

The moment they got on the ship, the anchor was pulled up and they steered the ship away as fast as possible. Hoseok yelled out for non-trained crew members to wait in the berth. He could see Yoongi out the side of his eye manning the sails and getting them in position. His black hair whipping around all over his face in the wind.

The water on the ship was soaking into his boots and he had to hold onto the wheel with all his strength to not fall over from how slippery the deck had become.

The ship was rocking back and forth violently in the waves which Hoseok feared would follow them, but fortunately after sailing for a few hours, everything became calm again.

Taehyung scaled down the crow’s nest. “Her ship was coming in from the East side, but it was hardly a dot on the horizon. She does not seem to be coming this way, I think she is still headed towards Bangkok.”

Hoseok fell over and laid on his back on the deck, exhausted from how hard he had been gripping the wheel, nearly knocked over several times simply by the force of the waves.

“Fuck! How did she know we were there?” Hoseok slammed a first on the deck.

He felt someone sit next to him and place a hand on his own. “She probably was just on her way there for Jinhwan and Sooyoung and you happened to be there at the same time.” Yoongi said, voice gentle.

Hoseok turned to face his boyfriend. “Yoongi, you’re here.”

“Let’s go to our room to talk now that everything has calmed down.” 

The two Captains made themselves comfortable on the bed and were silent as they sat side by side for a few minutes.

“Yoongi, I’m so sorry.” Hoseok broke the silence and Yoongi turned to face him, eyebrows raised.

“Are you? Or are you just saying that because I am mad at you?” 

Hoseok sighed. “No, I really am. Namjoon talked to me and explained that I wasn’t even considering your position. You're really strong Yoongi, one of the strongest people I know. You managed to Captain a ship on your own and create a name and reputation for yourself in only a few years. I have zero right to hold you back from coming on expeditions that you want to go on.”

Yoongi’s face was serious, but he took Hoseok’s hand in his own, entangling their fingers. “You asked me to Captain this ship with you, you need to act like it. I am not a crew member, you cannot control what I want to do. We are a team, Hoseok, we need to act like it. What kind of example does it show the other crew members if we disagree all the time?”

Hoseok closed his eyes tightly before looking back at Yoongi. “I know, I’m going to work on it.

“I’m not done.” Yoongi said. “Hoseok, some crew members have expressed concern for me about your protectiveness towards the crew. They’re really worried about you, they don’t want you to feel like you need to die to save us.”

Hoseok exhaled. “You know I can’t change that.”

Yoongi rested his head against Hoseok’s. “I know you don’t want that to change, but nobody wants you to die. Nobody wants you to die for their sake. You deserve just as much happiness as everyone on this ship does.”

Hoseok’s throat hurt, as if he was holding back tears. “Sometimes I think I only exist to protect the people I love. If I can’t save you all, then who will?” 

Yoongi wrapped an arm around Hoseok and gently squeezed his waist. “Everyone on this ship has each other or someone special to make them happy, I don’t see anyone in need of saving right now except for the one right next to me.”

“I don’t need saving.” Hoseok murmured, pressing closer to Yoongi.

“Then why do you always talk as if you are going to die at any given moment?” Yoongi breathed his words on the skin over Hoseok’s lips. 

Hoseok pressed against Yoongi’s mouth with his own, just a gentle kiss, pulling apart to speak again. “I don’t know.” 

Yoongi kissed him again, his other hand gripping Hoseok’s upper thigh. “I don’t want you to die, Hoseok. This family is the only one I’ve ever had. If you don’t want to live for yourself, can you please live for the six of us?” 

Yoongi kissed the spot where the lump on Hoseok’s throat was, trailing his kisses down to his collarbones.

Hoseok took in a sharp breath. “I’ll try. I’ll try to live for my family here, I will.”

Yoongi ran his hand up Hoseok’s chest and raised his head up again to kiss Hoseok’s forehead, keeping his lips on the soft skin for a moment. “Thank you.” 

“Yoongi, I love you.” Hoseok’s warm breath grazed Yoongi’s face. 

“I love you too, always.” 

Hoseok pressed back into Yoongi, their lips colliding. Hoseok wrapped his hands around Yoong’s head and gripped onto his hair, hands rough against his scalp.

Yoongi groaned and pushed Hoseok forward, until he was laying back on the bed with Yoongi on top of him.

Yoongi straddled Hoseok’s lap, their lips not breaking apart even once, Hoseok licking into Yoongi’s mouth.

Yoongi sucked on Hoseok’s lower lip causing the younger one to groan.

“Oh, by the way.” Yoongi broke apart from Hoseok, giving him a humorous look. “Jungkook mentioned that they all know about us. Apparently the walls are quite thin.”

A blush dusted Hoseok’s cheeks. “Oh my gods.”

Yoongi laughed hard before kissing Hoseok again.

A knock on the door interrupted them. They broke apart once more.

“Come in.” Hoseok spoke, eyes still locked on Yoongi who was still laying on top of him.

The door opened slowly, revealing Seokjin who was glowering at the two of them. He rubbed at his temple.

“Uh, nice to see you guys made up. Chungha requested both of you on the main deck.”

Hoseok sighed and pressed a final kiss to the top of Yoongi’s hair and they made their way to where Chungha was on the deck, hand in hand.

“Hani is pissed off.” Was the first thing Chungha said when the two Captains walked over.

Hoseok snorted. “Yeah, I would assume so. That is old news.” 

“She destroyed Bangkok in anger that we had gotten there before her.” Chungha spoke slowly. 

Yoongi shook his head. “What is wrong with her? Nobody there was even involved with us?”

Hoseok’s face was dark. “We need to find the last demigod, Byun Baekhyun. Immediately.”

Yoongi nodded. “He is the hardest to find, I would assume even for her. I am going to the berth to see if Sooyoung or Jinhwan know anything.” 

Hoseok agreed. “I’ll leave that to you, I’m going to talk with Seokjin about what we need to do next if we cannot find them.” 

The berth was packed, Yoongi had not even considered this predicament before. He and Hoseok had been sharing their bed ever since they got together and Yoongi had not even thought about what the berth would be like with so many new people. It was cramped in there, Yoongi winced in realization.

Jungkook was the first to see him, laying on top of Taehyung. “Hey Captain! How did things go?” 

Yoongi gave him a smile. “It went well Jungkook, thank you. Are Sooyoung and Jinhwan down here?” 

“We are!” Sooyoung called out, she sat with the other girls, Jinhwan and Byeongkwan close by.

“I was wondering if you know anything about Byun Baekhyun? He is a son of Hermes.” Yoongi asked.

Sooyoung’s eyes lit up. “Oh! Yes I do! He used to bring my deliveries to Joseon for Byeongkwan.”

Yoongi stared at Byeongkwan who shrugged. “You never asked.” 

Yoongi ignored the witch. “Do you by any chance know where he is?”

Sooyoung paused to think. “Last I saw him, he had said he was going to Jakarta. That was about three weeks ago after he dropped off a letter from my friend.”

“Three weeks ago…” Yoongi muttered to himself. “Do any of you know how he travels?”

Taemin spoke up from where he was hanging out with Jimin. “I do, Your Highness. He sneaks onto cargo ships. He is extremely quick and sneaky, if he does not want to be found, then he won’t be.”

Yoongi huffed. “I guess Jakarta will be our best shot. He is the last demigod that we need before we can go after Hani properly. I do not suppose he has gone far from there anyway. If anything we can ask around and see if anyone there has seen him.” 

Taemin shrugged. “I don’t think we are going to get anywhere with him but we can try.”

Yoongi nodded. “I’ll go talk to Hoseok and Seokjin and see what they think.”

Yoongi saw Chungha walking towards the berth on his way back to the deck and he stopped her.

“Do you by any chance know if we will be able to find Baekhyun in Jakarta?”

Chungha paused, her eyes glowing. “I suppose it would be a good place to go.”

Yoongi sighed as Chungha continued walking, but that response at least made him a bit more confident.

Hoseok and Seokjin were hanging out where the wheel was, arguing. Yoongi shook his head at them.

“What are you both arguing over?”

Hoseok’s face lit up when he saw Yoongi walking over. “Please tell me you got information, because we cannot for the life of us decide on a location. We have just been going straight forward with zero direction.”

“I do have some information, surprisingly. Sooyoung told me that Baekhyung was headed to Jakarta three weeks ago.” Yoongi explained and Hoseok cursed.

“Three weeks ago, he probably isn’t there anymore.”

Seokjin clicked his tongue. “It’s worth a shot to go anyway.”

Yoongi nodded. “I agree. Taemin said he takes a ship to get places, so it probably took him at most a day or two to get from Bangkok to Jakarta, but at least we will be on his trail. People there are destined to know him.” 

“Alright, let’s set sail towards Jakarta. Seokjin, go to the berth and get the crew in position for sailing.” Hoseok said, determination evident on his face.

As usual, Hoseok called a meeting once they had arrived in Jakarta. 

“Jungkook.” Was the first thing out of the Captain’s mouth.

The youngest crew member was shaking with excitement, easily figuring out what was about to happen.

“I am finally releasing you to go off on a mission.”

“Yes!” Jungkook screamed before Hoseok could even finish his words, bouncing up and down.

Hoseok had talked to Sooyoung and Taemin prior to arriving and was told by both of them that Baekhyun is extremely sneaky. Not only that, but he likes messing around. It would be very hard to get a hold of him.

“I only need Jungkook and Taehyung going on this mission, actually.” Hoseok continued, and the two boys grinned at each other.

Taemin had graciously drawn them a picture of what Baekhyun looked like for them to show people in hopes that someone would recognize him.

Hoseok knew that if anyone else came with them, they would only be slowed down. Taehyung and Jungkook worked best as a duo and Hoseok knew they were perfect for this mission. If anyone could catch a child of Hermes, it would be them. Well, at least Hoseok hoped.

Jungkook and Taehyung jumped off the boat and walked side by side into the tiny port town. It was not often they came here.

The sun was scorching down on them as they looked around the small town. Not many people docked here, and there was barely anyone milling around. There were a few vendors and shops, but it shouldn’t be too hard to find information on the missing demigod.

“Where should we even start?” Jungkook asked his boyfriend. 

It was their first mission since the incident at the palace and neither of them wanted to mess it up. 

“We don’t even know if he is here for sure, we just need to find his trail.”  Taehyung bit his bottom lip in thought. “I suppose we can talk to some of the vendors here?”

Jungkook shook his head. “But we still have the language barrier to worry about…”

Taehyung held up the picture that Taemin had made for them. “At least we have this…” 

The two boys went up to a vendor who seemed to be selling clay products, he was the first one they saw after coming off the ship.

The vendor looked at them suspiciously. Pirates had a terrible reputation with vendors, oftentimes playing cheap tricks to get things that they wanted. 

Taehyung held up the picture and the vendor gave them an annoyed look, not moving. 

Jungkook groaned and put down a few gold coins that he carried on him.

The vendor continued to give them dull looks until Jungkook put down another coin. The man nodded before reaching to a shelf behind him and grabbing a piece of paper to hand to them. Jungkook took the page and the two boys looked at the scribbled words on it.

I have heard you are looking for me. I am not going to give in that easily.

Good luck finding me.

I suppose you could continue asking around some more. 

Doesn’t it sound fun?

“Son of a bitch.” Taehyung cursed. 

Jungkook bowed to the vendor and the two of them walked away. “It sounds like he may still be here in Jakarta, though? Somehow he knew we were coming.”

Taehyung and Jungkook examined the picture they had of their culprit. 

“Where should we try next?” Jungkook asked and Taehyung looked around as they walked, hoping to see something that would stand out to him. 

“Wait.” Jungkook stopped suddenly, reaching over to stop Taehyung as well. The older boy gave him a concerned look.

“Do you see something?”

Jungkook walked up to an advertisement board on the side of the street. Naturally, a picture of Hoseok was on it under the ‘Wanted’ section, but there was something pinned over Hoseok’s picture. Another note.

Taehyung took it off and the boys looked over it. 

Aren’t you a bit vain for looking at your own Wanted posters? 

Or, I suppose he might have sent one of his crew members to search for me.

Actually, as you read this I can see you. 

That’s right, the moment you anchored into the harbor, I watched you.

How am I writing these then, you might be asking?

I wrote them beforehand, and you’re just so predictable. 

Let’s make this more fun.

“This fucker!” Jungkook exclaimed, both of the boys looked around furiously. Neither of them saw anything out of the ordinary.

“What if he is lying?” Taehyung seethed, his teeth clenched. 

That was before a vendor who seemed to be selling fruit, jumped out from behind the cart with a huge grin on his face as he ran through the streets.

The two boys were in too much shock and were too late in the chase, the figure jumping out of sight as fast as they had seen him. 

“What the fuck?” Jungkook’s eyes widened. “Run after him! He was wearing a green shirt!”

The two boys bolted after the now hidden figure until they had reached the last spot they had seen him. 

They looked carefully at every vendor in the area, nobody seemed out of place. 

A little boy walked up to Jungkook and gently pulled on his sleeve. Jungkook looked down and the boy handed him a letter. 

Taehyung and Jungkook both sighed with frustration as the little boy ran off.

Wasn’t that trick funny? 

I run pretty fast, don’t you think?

Where do you think I should send you next?

There’s always one place where you are certain to find a pirate, isn’t there?

The smell of alcohol and sweaty men. 

Disgusting, isn’t it?

“He went to a tavern.” Jungkook spoke, but they were both thinking the same thing, anyway. “I can’t tell if I would be best friends with this guy or absolutely hate him.”

Taehyung nodded in agreement. 

There was one tavern at the port, and it was smaller than the normal ones. Taehyung and Jungkook walked inside.

The room was dark and there were a few pirates sitting at a table gambling with some dice, smoking as the room filled up with the smell of tobacco. 

The owner of the place was sitting on a wooden stool, watching them from the moment they walked in.

“We should ask the owner if he saw Baekhyun.” Taehyung said and the two walked over to the counter where the owner was sitting, eyeing them suspiciously. 

They knew something was off almost immediately. The tavern owner had an eyepatch covering one eye, which was not too odd, but he also had a mask covering his lower face. He also seemed to be only a little bit older than them. Much younger than the normal tavern owner.

He was wearing a white shirt tucked into brown pants. His legs were crossed and his eyes never left the two boys. He tapped his fingers on his thigh, patiently waiting for them to walk over to him.

Taehyung supposed that he recognized them from Hoseok’s crew.

Or worse, from a description Baekhyun might have given.

They both decided to share a drink anyway while they were there, and hoped that Baekhyun decided to show up and sit with them since he had led them there to begin with.

“Have you seen this man?” Jungkook asked after they had gone up to the owner who had now stood up.

The man did not seem to understand them, or at least showed zero expression to what they had said, but could at least tell when they wanted something to drink.

He had barely looked at the picture, more focused on getting them their drink. He pointed to the counter, waiting for them to put down some coins.

Jungkook reached into his pockets and pulled several out, slapping onto the table.

The owner seemed satisfied.

After about a minute, the man handed them a small jug filled with rum. They were about to walk away until the man held out something else.

Taehyung wanted to slam his head into a wall. 

The two boys sat down with their drink and opened up the carefully folded letter.

I wish I could have seen your face when you realized that I had been the one you just spoke to.

Yes, me! I was playing the role of a tavern owner.

Ah, don’t even bother going back, I have already gone.

It’s so much fun pretending to be someone you’re not.

I love putting on disguises as well.

Did you like the eyepatch? It was a last minute decision.

Maybe if you had been a bit quicker, you would have seen me before I changed outfits.

Alas, you were too late again and I have gone.

I bet you’re wondering why I am going through all of this trouble.

Where will I go next…

Don’t worry, you can finish your drink first. 

Oh, I forgot to mention.

There’s quite a lovely lake right outside of this little town.

You should go see it.

I think you’d quite like it.

“I seriously do not think I have been this annoyed with someone in my entire life.” Taehyung slammed down the letter on the table.

Both boys had looked over where the ‘owner’ had been and saw that Baekhyun was replaced with an older man who was staring at them. It was the actual tavern owner. 

The man sneered at them.

Taehyung wondered how Baekhyun was getting all of these people to go along with his stupid games.

The boys glowered as they drank, not even going over to provoke the other pirates in the room. Things were serious now. 

They needed to find Baekhyun before Hani stepped onto the port.

“Where do you suppose this lake is? He did not exactly give us much information except that it is outside of the town... “ Jungkook was deep in thought as he took his turn sipping on the drink.

He passed the jug to Taehyung who also took a sip. “I don’t know, but I just hope he will actually talk to us if we get there.”

Jungkook agreed, this game was getting really tiring. Baekhyun was the final demigod they needed before they could officially confront Hani. This was the last step, once they had him the battle would only be on the horizon. 

Jungkook glanced over at Taehyung who was sitting across from him, still drinking. He was not one to worry, but after the incident at the palace, Jungkook had become much more aware of the dangers of piracy.

You may consider him a fool for taking this long to think of it, but Jungkook always had things go his way. There was not exactly a time where he remembered fearing for his life except when he had been captured by Jimin and Namjoon. 

Near death experiences change people, Jungkook supposed. Maybe he had just finally grown up.

Or maybe now he just had someone who he wanted to protect with his entire heart.

Jungkook had been in love with him, maybe the entire time he had known the boy. Jungkook remembers clearly, seeing the struggling child barely clinging onto life walking through the streets of Shanghai.

There were rules to being homeless in that city, and Jungkook broke all of them that day. You should not talk to other homeless people, you should not share your shit with other homeless people, and you should not befriend other homeless people. It was a cruel world and you could not trust anyone. Every man for themselves.

But something about Taehyung had made Jungkook approach him. Something about him...

Jungkook may have been younger than him back then, but he still has a clear memory of what he had looked like. Taehyung then, and the one in front of him now were the same yet so different.

Jungkook was not sure when he knew he was in love, but he thought maybe he always had been.

Jungkook was willing to die for him.

“We should go.” Taehyung said, breaking Jungkook from his deep thoughts. “We need to find him before it gets dark at least. I wish he wasn’t always one step ahead of us, stringing us along like toys.”

Jungkook nodded. “Let’s get out of here.”

They walked around the outskirts of the town for what felt like hours. Taehyung was nearly at his breaking point.

“Right now I really don’t give a fuck if Hani waltzed in here and killed this guy, maybe she would be doing us a favor.”

Jungkook would normally laugh, but he was starting to think the same way. “I doubt she would even be able to find him.”

Taehyung groaned. “Where the fuck is this lake, I just want to go back to the ship and crawl in my bed.”

Taehyung was about to continue speaking when Jungkook shushed him. “Wait, wait. I hear something.”

The two pirates stood still, and completely silent. Faintly, they could hear someone singing, just a bit further into the woods. 

Taehyung scowled. “Is that motherfucker singing a sea shanty?”

Jungkook shook his head. “Fuck, that better be him or I am ready to give up.” 

They followed the voice into the woods. They had to push past bushes full of thorns, but were uncaring at the moment. They just wanted to find Baekhyun and get this over with.

Finally, they came across a clearing where a massive lake loomed in front of them. And sitting on the shore was Byun Baekhyun. Still in his white shirt and brown pants that he had been sporting in the tavern. However he had ditched the extra accessories. 

“What the fuck is wrong with you!” Taehyung practically shouted at the man who grinned. 

“Calm down, sweetheart. I wanted to meet you here so that nobody would listen in on us.” Baekhyun replied, his voice sweet.

“You could have just gotten us when we arrived! Why bring us on a wild goose chase of all times?” Jungkook tried to reason, but Baekhyun leaned his head back and giggled.

“Where is the fun in that? Come closer so we can talk.”

The boys begrudgingly listened and came to sit next to Baekhyun on the lakeside. The moist sand sticking to their pants.

Taehyung hated this mission. “You knew we were coming for you.”

Baekhyun nodded his head, while he stared over the still lake. “Yes, I did. I have known you would be coming for a long time now, which was why I decided to stay in one place so you would have an easier chance of finding me. See, I

The boys ignored that. “Are you aware of Hani and what she is planning?”

Baekhyun watched as a duck flew down and landed on top of the water, creating a ripple. “Yes. I do understand that she is trying to kill all of the demigods. Her plan is faulty, everyone knows that. She thinks that just because she is half god half siren she can come to the human world and be stronger than us all. She is sorely mistaken. Her anger will be her downfall, as it blinds her. Even if your captain has all of us on board, she still thinks she can defeat us so easily. But get her on land, and it will just be a fish out of water, flopping around with absolutely no purpose. Holding on, trying to stay alive.”

Taehyung paused, thinking about what Baekhyun was saying. “I think I heard our Captains talking about something similar. They were thinking of ways to corner her on land.”

Baekhyun clapped his hands together, disturbing the quiet of the lake. “Congratulations. But how do you plan to get her out of the water?”

Jungkook furrowed his eyebrows, thinking hard. “Was she not coming off of her boat to try and find the demigods?”

Baekhyun hummed softly. “No, my dear. You forget she has her crew members and the fact that she is a siren. You do know what sirens are capable of, yes? I’ve heard you have one on board.”

“Jimin was not sure if she would be able to control humans or just regular sea creatures.” Taehyung spoke and Baekhyun tsked.

“Hani and her mother are tyrant rulers of the ocean, they can really do as they please. Of course sirens have always been able to control humans, but they need to be in the water to do so. You get Hani out of the water and off the boat and you win the fight.”

“Baekhyun…” Taehyung started saying. “How do you know all of this?”

Baekhyung laughed again. “I am the son of Hermes, of course I know information. I have contacts in every big city. I’m able to sneak on boats with ease and overhear conversations. Hell, I knew things about the so-called Ghost Prince before your captain even did. How else would I have kept up with your whereabouts? I know everything, Kim Taehyung and Jeon Jungkook. People underestimate Hermes because he is just a god of travellers and thieves, but who knows things first? The traveller. I could blackmail most of the continent of Asia if I so please. Never underestimate me, pirates. You may think we are similar types of people, but we could not be more different.”

The boys were dead silent, exchanging worried looks with each other. They needed Baekhyun to come with them.

“Are you planning on coming to our ship with us?” Jungkook finally asked, not knowing how to reply to Baekhyun’s tangent. 

“Hmmm should I?” Baekhyun pretended to be deep in thought. “Well, yes I suppose I will. I will, of course, have rules. No Captain is in charge of me. I do as I please and I can leave at any time if I so would like.” 

“You can discuss that with our Captains when you come with us.” Taehyung spoke, choosing his words carefully. He already knew that Hoseok was not going to like this guy at all. 

“Ah, of course. The two of you are so easily deflecting. I know your captains are not going to like me very much, and I really don't care. I also know that they are willing to do anything to have me on board, and so I will go. I have to say, I have been oh, so curious to meet your lovely siren crew mate. Word has it that he came from the same colony as our dear Ahn Hani. What a coincidence it would be if they somehow knew each other?” Baekhyun’s eyes flitted between the two pirates who tried to show zero emotion between them. It would not be common knowledge for people to know that Jimin is Hani’s half brother off of the pirate ship. Only the seven of them knew that.

But Baekhyun seemed to be onto something and neither of them wanted him to find out.

“We should leave now.” Jungkook said, ignoring Baekhyun’s comments. The conman smirked, knowing he hit a rough spot.

“Yes I suppose we should leave. Ah, it was nice to stay in Jakarta for some time, but the traveller should never settle for there is always more to see.” Baekhyun looked out on the lake before stepping away. “Let’s go now.”

Baekhyun was an extremely fast walker, in fact Jungkook and Taehyung could barely keep up with him. 

“By the way, how did you get the people here to go along with your game?” Jungkook asked while he followed Baekhyun out of the woods. He tried not to sound like he was already out of breath.

“They owed me.” Was the small reply he got.

“There was a child that handed us one of the letters! How could a child owe you anything?” Jungkook responded.

Baekhyun shrugged and turned to look at Jungkook. “That is his business now isn’t it? He paid his debt now and it is fine.” 

Jungkook shuddered. Baekhyun was someone he did not want to be on the bad side of.

The rest of the walk was in silence. They passed through the town quickly, vendors avoiding eye contact with any of the three boys coming through.

Taehyung thought they must be scared shitless of Baekhyun and were probably glad he would be leaving.

Eventually they finally arrived at the massive ship that was looming over the small town. It was just in time as the sun was setting, Jungkook internally thought that he was thankful that hadn’t needed to search for the lake in the dark.

Someone from the deck threw down the rope ladder and they started to climb up.

“I can’t even remember the last time I was on a ship as an actual guest and not a stowaway!” Baekhyun said gleefully as he landed on the deck.

“Baekhyun!” Taemin called out as he ran to meet his friend. He turned to look at Jungkook and Taehyung.

“I am honestly surprised you found him here!”

Jungkook scowled. “You have no idea what we went through.”

Hoseok stepped over to them and gave Jungkook a questioning look. “What do you mean?”

Baekhyun chuckled. “These boys are just being so dramatic. We only played a little game.”

“This fucker-” Taehyung started but Jungkook held him back.

Taemin winced. “I see.”

Hoseok looked where Baekhyun was standing and ran a hand through his hair. “So I am assuming that they caught you up on what is happening?”

Baekhyun laughed. “Hardly. I was the one who caught them up. Captain Hope, it is a pleasure to meet you. I have been waiting for you to come find me for

Yoongi came to stand beside Hoseok and Baekhyun turned to look at him as well. “And the Crown Prince, His Highness Min Yoongi. So much for black magic, I don’t know how anyone believed that bullshit.”

Nobody knew quite what to say to Baekhyun.

Yoongi looked back and forth between everyone. “I have never seen Taehyung so riled up before…”

Jungkook and Taehyung grimaced.

Hoseok cleared his throat. “Our new goal is finding Hani and cornering her. Yoongi and I have been talking and we think the best plan of action is to get her on land. She has all of her power on and in water, so on land she will be weaker. Currently we will set sail heading northeast, and we will decide a good location for battle. Everyone, prepare to sail.”

The crew cheered and ran into their respective positions. Taemin led Baekhyun down to where the berth is. Hoseok and Yoongi walked over to Taehyung and Jungkook.

Hoseok ruffled Jungkook’s hair. “Good job today, both of you. I am not entirely sure what happened, but it seems to have been a stressful mission. Both of you are unharmed?”

Jungkook glanced at Taehyung before nodding. “Baekhyun is a fan of games and led us on a wild goose chase, unfortunately. Though, Captain, I daren’t say this to him or anywhere where he would be able to hear me, but he has valuable information that will really help us in this battle.”

Taehyung agreed and Hoseok and Yoongi exchanged surprised looks.

Taehyung spoke up. “We did not need to explain anything to him. He already knew everything we knew, and I believe he knows even more than he let on. The way he spoke, he acted as if he knew the secret to killing her. It was a bit patronizing, but I do agree that he is valuable to this battle.” 

Hoseok hummed and scratched his forehead. “He is a very mysterious person, I think. I am thankful we got to him before Hani did based on what you have said.”

Jungkook nodded his head. “I do not think she would have been able to find him, if I am so honest. We only were able to because he wanted us to.”

Hoseok chuckled to himself. “Very interesting. In any case, you both did very well today. You have the rest of the evening off to rest. Good job” 

The two pirates beamed at their Captains and then smiled at each other. Their first mission after the palace had been a success. 

Despite it being frustrating, everything had gone according to plan. The two of them ran off to wreak havoc elsewhere.

Yoongi watched as Hoseok smiled as the boys ran off. “I love seeing how much you care for them.”

Hoseok took Yoongi’s hand in his own. “I don’t know where I would be without them. Love, let’s go to our room. I would like to go over maps with you and discuss our next form of action against Hani.”

Hoseok had Yoongi pressed up against the door in the Captain’s quarters. His hands were trailing up and down his boyfriend’s body as his mouth latched onto Yoongi’s neck.

“H-Hoseok, this is not, ah, this is not looking at maps.” Yoongi groaned, melting into Hoseok’s tight hold. 

Hoseok trailed his lips up to where Yoongi’s ear was. “Did you really think we were going to come in here and look at maps? When I could have you all to myself instead?” 

Yoongi gasped, feeling the hot breath against his neck, goosebumps covering his skin. 

Hoseok's grip was rough on Yoongi’s waist, and threatened to leave bruises. Not only that but the way Hoseok was now sucking on his skin should be illegal with how good it felt.

“Can we move to the bed at least?” Yoongi breathed out.

Hoseok laughed before reaching down and lifting Yoongi up, causing the elder to wrap his legs around Hoseok’s waist while he carried Yoongi over to their bed and practically threw him down.

Hoseok crawled over Yoongi and straddled his thighs, breathing heavily while he looked at the pirate below him.

Yoongi’s black hair was splayed out around his head while his swollen red lips were slightly parted, his dark diluted eyes stared up at his boyfriend.

He looked like a dream.

No, he looked more of a god than any demigod would ever dream of being.

Aphrodite herself could not even compare to Min Yoongi. 

“Are you going to do something or are you just going to stare at me?” Yoongi rasped, his voice deeper than usual.

Hoseok shuddered. “Sorry, I was just admiring the view.” 

Hoseok leaned down and put his hands on either side of Yoongi to hold himself up as he attached himself back to Yoongi’s neck.

He reached lower and found the spot where Yoongi’s shirt was tucked in and pushed it up to expose Yoongi’s skin.

Hoseok slid his cold, long fingers up Yoongi’s stomach, feeling how the pirate shivered at the change in temperature.

His other hand now gripped back on Yoongi’s hip where a few of his fingers were sliding underneath the fabric of his pants.

“Please.” Yoongi moaned as Hoseok’s right hand grazed one of his nipples.

“Hold yourself up a bit so I can take off your shirt, baby.” Hoseok’s voice was soft, almost a whisper.

He lifted Yoongi’s shirt off and threw it somewhere on the floor. He then reached down and took off his own. 

Hoseok grabbed Yoongi’s pants and underwear and slid them off easily, throwing them aside as well before doing the same with his own.

He reached for Yoongi’s smooth thighs and pushed them back until he made himself comfortable in between them.

Yoongi wrapped his legs around Hoseok after he had released his thighs, as the pirate was now attacking his collarbones with his tongue, sometimes biting down on the glassy skin. 

“H-Hoseok, need you, please.” Yoongi was unknowingly rutting his hips against Hoseok, and the younger could feel how turned on Yoongi was at this point.

He pressed his lips back against Yoongi’s and bit down, tugging Yoongi’s lower lips before letting his tongue slide against Yoongi’s.

Hoseok reached his hand farther down until he reached Yoongi’s crotch area and he slid his fingers over the tip of his cock, spreading the precum that had built up.

Yoongi groaned into Hoseok’s mouth and wrapped his arms around Hoseok’s neck, holding him even closer. 

Their lips were soft and swollen, sliding against each other with desperation.

Hoseok pulled himself off of Yoongi, and kissed his forehead. “I’m just going to grab the oils, my love.”

Yoongi nodded and watched Hoseok with half lidded eyes as the Captain went over to their shared dresser and grabbed one of the lavender oils that Sooyoung had randomly gifted them.

“I’m going to open you up now, is that okay?” Hoseok asked, looking over at Yoongi who nodded.

Hoseok poured a generous amount of oil onto his fingers before teasing Yoongi’s rim with his index finger.

Ever so slowly, he slid in his middle finger, looking up to make sure Yoongi was okay. 

This was not their first time having sex, but Hoseok always wanted to make sure Yoongi was comfortable.

After being given confirmation, Hoseok slid in his index finger, thrusting both of his fingers in and out carefully so that Yoongi would get used to it. 

He angled up his fingers so that they would graze Yoongi’s prostate. 

Yoongi’s head was thrown back on the pillow while he let out soft moans as Hoseok kept this up.

“Hobi, more please.” Yoongi begged and Hoseok put in a third finger, just for safe measures.

When he was sure that Yoongi was comfortable with the slide he took his fingers out and oiled up his cock, stroking himself a few times before lining himself up with Yoongi’s hole.

“You good?” Hoseok breathed and Yoongi groaned out a yes.

Hoseok pushed in as slow as he could manage until he was fully inside of his boyfriend.

Yoongi gripped the bedsheets, so Hoseok reached and took his hand and intertwined their fingers.

“Move please.” Yoongi whispered.

Hoseok pulled back and thrusted himself back into Yoongi, both of them moaning.

Hoseok found a comfortable pace, thrusting in and out.

It was easy to get lost like this in Yoongi, with Hoseok throwing his now sweaty body on top of Yoongi’s and crashing their lips together.

Yoongi reached up and gripped tight at Hoseok’s hair, pushing him as close onto Yoongi as was possible.

Hoseok treasured moments like this, where he and Yoongi were one. Where none of the outside moments mattered and they could just be together like this. 

Where it was just them, and their soft moans and hushed cursed words, sweaty bodies pressed up against each other and lips covered in spit, struggling to stay connected.

Hoseok loved Yoongi, he knew that. He just wished he could stay like this with him forever, wished that nothing else in the world mattered.

Well, at least at that moment, nothing else except each other did.

After they both released and had come down from their highs, Hoseok held Yoongi close to him, pressing soft kisses all over his face.

He never wanted to let go.

It had been a week since they got Baekhyun and Hoseok was ready to throw him overboard.

He seriously missed when his boat was just him and the six others. 

The sooner they get this fight over with, the better. 

Jimin had gone back in the ocean once they reached the area around Jeju again to try and find out where Hani would be located.

So far things had just been oddly quiet, and that worried everyone. Jimin hadn’t even been able to find anything on her either and nobody really knew what to do. 

Hoseok felt dumb for just sitting around and not doing anything and it was driving him crazy.

“You know we aren’t going to get anything done by just staring angrily at the ocean, right?” Yoongi came up behind him, putting a hand on his lower back and leaning up against the Captain.

“That’s the thing though, I can’t get anything done anyway. It’s like she disappeared.” Hoseok scowled. 

“Jimin is back swimming around again, maybe he will be able to find something to help us, we are prepared for when she comes, so we just need to be patient.” Yoongi replied gently, looking up at Hoseok’s pinched face.

looking, and so has Hongjoong. I just don’t understand why we don't have any inf-” Hoseok was cut off when Jimin appeared, splashing frantically.

“Captain!!” Jimin screamed from the water.

Hoseok and Yoongi ran over to look over and see where Jimin was. “What’s going on?” 

“I have an idea.” Jimin said, eyes glinting.

Jimin had been swimming around a lot lately, and he had gotten quite used to the feeling of the cool water against his skin as his fins propelled him deeper and deeper every time.

He had spent most of his life on land at this point, and everytime he went back into the ocean now it felt like he had found something he had searched his whole life for.

Especially now that he knew the truth of what happened to him, it had become a bit easier to get used to the ocean again.

So overall he had been very okay with searching the waters to find out information on Hani. 

In fact, he was able to figure out her exact location after swimming around for quite some time and had been delighted to share his findings with the captains.

Not only that, but he had come up with a plan and he was excited to finally do something to help Hoseok in this adventure.

Jimin loved the feeling of the cool water gliding against his skin as he sliced through the water, he loved swimming right above the ocean floor and that speed he was going was making the sand blow up behind him.

He could feel Hani’s aura polluting the waters, it was so strong and prominent and it showed in the emotions of the sea creatures around. They all seemed terrified and swimming around pointlessly almost as if they were hypnotized.

Jimin knew that if he came across Hani, she would be able to control him. He knew they would be able to get information from him. 

that and yet he was swimming towards her ship. 

Sirens attacked with their voices, any good sailor knew that.

If you heard the song of the siren, you were basically dead.

Hoseok and everyone else on the ship knew it too, and that was how Jimin helped them learn how to protect themselves from her.

Jimin could feel the effects of her aura start to infect him as well and he could feel his tail start to work on autopilot, leading him to her ship.

All according to plan.

Jimin was swimming right into the mouth of the beast.

His mind was starting to get fuzzy and it was almost like his entire body had gone numb, almost as if he was stuck in his own mind, not able to escape.

Jimin let himself get carried closer and closer to the shadow looming above the water, the bottom outline of her ship. 

His heart was pounding in his chest as if it wanted to jump out and sink to the ocean floor.

Closer and closer…

Jimin could start hearing a soft voice singing a song that sounded sickenly familiar.

He had heard his mother sing this song in the past before, and it sounded haunting coming from Hani who was above the water on her ship.

And yet, somehow her voice sounded like it was inside of Jimin’s head.

Now the dancing sunbeams play

On the green and glassy sea,

Come, and I will lead the way

Where the pearly treasures be.

Come with me, and we will go

Where the rocks of coral grow.

Follow, follow, follow me.

Jimin was not himself, he could feel, but he could not think. His entire body was taken. 

The ship was nearly directly above him now.

Come, behold what treasures lie

Far below the rolling waves,

Riches, hid from human eye,

Dimly shine in ocean's caves.

Ebbing tides bear no delay,

Stormy winds are far away.

Come with me, and we will go

Where the rocks of coral grow.

Follow, follow, follow me.

It was all Jimin could hear as he felt himself swimming upwards until he broke through the surface and was able to view her ship in its full glory. 

It was made of dark wood, with sharp corners and a powerful mast. It loomed above, looking as if it were a shadow rather than an entire boat.

“Oh, brother, you’ve come to meet me.” The voice he had heard earlier was now saying.

Jimin’s glazed over eyes looked up to meet the stare of a beautiful woman with soulless brown eyes and long dark hair, coming down to her waist. “Come aboard, brother.”

Jimin felt himself move forward, his tail shifting into human legs as he climbed up the rope ladder onto the deck of the ship. 

He knelt down in front of Hani, head lowered. 

She paced slowly in front of him, tsking.

“What were you thinking, swimming around where you knew I was.” Hani squatted down to meet Jimin’s eyes, her pointer finger lifting up his chin to face her as she patted his wet hair with her other hand.

Jimin was completely hypnotized.

“Were you not aware that once I have complete control of your body I can then find out any information I want? Oh, dear. I don’t think you knew that. Quite a shame.” Hani stood back up and kicked Jimin’s chest, her feet donned in thick black boots.

Jimin fell backwards, his head hitting the wooden deck hard, but he couldn’t even react.

Hani burst out laughing. “It’s no wonder our mother hated you. The way you just fell over, huhu, oh gods. If I had you as a child I would pretend you didn’t exist either.”

Hani had a white blouse with a deep v-neck tucked into black pants. She was gorgeous and there was no denying it, but Jimin could feel how disturbing her aura was.

“I would love to play with you more, but I think I have a long overdue meeting with your lovely Captain.” Hani tapped her foot on the floor. “You’re going to tell me how to find him, aren’t you darling?”

“Yes, Hani.” Jimin replied with his voice monotone and lacking any emotion.

“Oh, lovely. I was hoping you would say that. Why don’t you lead me there?” 

“Jimin is doing WHAT?” Seokjin screamed, gripping Hoseok by the shoulder, his knuckles so pale that they looked like bones from how hard he was holding on. 

Namjoon was standing frozen next to his boyfriend, not even knowing what to say. 

Hoseok sighed and put a hand on Seokjin’s shoulder, patting him slightly. “It was his idea.”

“He went to get willingly kidnapped and you LET him?” Hoseok could not tell if Seokjin sounded like he wanted to punch Hoseok or if he just wanted to cry.

Seokjin swung and knocked Hoseok right across the face.

Hoseok groaned, putting a hand over where Seokjin had punched him. “Fuck! Gods, just listen to me for a second.”

Seokjin let go of Hoseok but he was fuming. “I’m waiting to hear whatever you’ve decided is a good enough reason to send one of our crew to his death.”

“He came to Yoongi and I and begged us to let him go to Hani. He said he could feel her aura all the way here from wherever she was. I didn't want to let him, b-but,” Hoseok swallowed sharply, trying not to cry. "  He told me he had to do it. He said it was the best option for us to win against her if we bring her to us here rather than us going to her. He begged me, Seokjin. I couldn’t stop him.” Hoseok clenched his fists at his side, his fingernails digging into the skin on his palm. 

Seokjin’s face was red and angry as he glared at Hoseok. Without saying another word, he turned and walked away. 

Namjoon gave Hoseok a pained look and then quickly followed after his boyfriend. 

Hoseok stared at the floor, it was not as though he had wanted Jimin to go, but the siren had been so adamant about it.

Hoseok knew that Jimin was strong enough to do this, and Seokjin and Namjoon needed to realize it as well.

Their judgement was clouded by how much they wanted him safe. Hoseok himself had first hand experience in feeling that way about someone.

Hoseok left and went to find Yoongi who was currently making ear plugs after Jimin had given them instructions on how to. 

Ideally they would have used cotton to do so, but nobody had any on board so they had to melt down wax and mold it to fit in the ear and block noise when the time came.

“They are quite mad at me.” Hoseok said, pulling up a stool next to Yoongi.

“They are worried for him, but Jimin can do it.” Yoongi said as he continued molding earplugs.

“Can I try one out?” Hoseok asked, holding one of the small makeshift plugs in his fingers.

“Sure. Put it in and I will say something.”

Hoseok grabbed two and put them in both ears and signalled for Yoongi to speak.

Yoongi’s voice was muffled, but it seemed to work well enough. Jimin had said that if you could not understand her then it would work.

Hoseok took them out and smiled. “It works. We should pass them out, Jimin had said that she seemed to be only a few hours away so she could get here at any time with how fast she can move her ship.”

Yoongi nodded, his mouth shut tight in thought. “Hoseok.”

Hoseok took Yoongi’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “I’ll be okay. Let’s go.”

They had docked their ship on a deserted island off of the coast of Jeju. Originally, Yoongi had asked if they should dock

Jeju, but Hoseok was not sure how disastrous this would be and did not want to harm the island anymore than it already had been.

Taehyung sat up top of the crows nest, eyes focused on the horizon where Hoseok said Jimin had headed toward.

The rest of the crew was milling around on the deck, talking nervously amongst themselves, waiting for Taehyung’s call. 

Baekhyun, however, was sitting on the edge of the deck, hanging his feet over the edge and swinging them back and forth.

Hoseok paid him no mind, he was a very confusing person.

Everyone knew it could be any moment that they would be sent into war and the air around them was heavy as they waited, just wanting to get everything over with.

“SHIP SIGHTED AHEAD.” Taehyung called down, his voice shaking. “COMING IN AT ALARMING SPEED.”

“Shit.” Hoseok cursed before taking Yoongi and kissing him hard, not knowing if they would ever have a chance to do so again. 

“Taehyung get down!” Hoseok screamed up at the younger pirate and Taehyung wasted no time in speeding down to the deck where Hoseok handed him earplugs to put in. Everyone in the crew was wearing them now, even Baekhyun.

“I’m going up.” Hoseok said, before squeezing Yoongi’s hand and running to climb up the mast to where the crows nest was.

Everyone could see the ship now, it was massive in size and the waves flowed around it almost as though they were pushing the ship forward.

Hoseok stood tall and watched as she got closer. There was no turning back now.

It was seconds before Hoseok could see Hani standing in front of the ship, her face fierce and eyes sharp.

She looked exactly what you might think a siren should look like.

Behind her were 4 others, also very beautiful women, all with sharp glimmering swords at their waists. 

“AHN HEEYEON!” Hoseok screamed as loud as he possibly could. “Come to your death!”

He could see her look up towards him, her mouth moving rhythmically but it mattered not, as he could not hear a word she was saying.

Waves pounded against the ship, shaking it back and forth, Hoseok needing to hang on for dear life up high as he was.

“Ahn Heeyeon!” He screamed again, his voice cutting against the wind.

She curled her lips at him, then said something to her crew before jumping onto Hoseok’s ship.

Hoseok was almost glad he could not hear the screams of his crew below him as the wind whipped through his hair and threw him all about the crows nest, the only thing keeping him upright was the way he was holding on.

Hani stepped around all the fighting, easily dodging the crew members that were swinging weapons at her, her eyes only on Hoseok.

Jung Hoseok, the son of Ares.

Hoseok laughed as she reached the bottom of the mast and jumped off the crows nest, grabbing onto one of the ropes that would have held the sails had they been up at the moment.

He swung around, throwing himself towards ropes towards the back of the boat where they were docked at so he could easily jump off the boat and onto the sandy shore.

His feet touched down, his knees buckling slightly with his land. He was still on his ship and he looked warily down at the island.

Hani was close behind.

Hoseok’s view of the ship behind him as he turned around was frightening.

Waves, as tall as the mast, were going over the boat and throwing people around, everyone slipping and falling in the midst of battle. The waves would crash down and spray everything in their vicinity. 

The air tasted like salt.

Hoseok was not afraid, everyone had tasks to do. 

He was just hoping that Yeji, who had jumped onto the enemy ship would be able to find Jimin, cure him of his hypnosis and give him the ear plugs.

He hoped Jimin was safe.

He stared at Hani who glared at him from where she was standing mere feet away.

The waves crashed all around her, the sky bruised and winds rocking the ship back and forth.

“Hani! You fucking coward!” Hoseok screamed with all his might. “I heard that the moment you touch the ground, you become weak.”

Hani’s face got dark as Hoseok continued yelling at her.

“I heard that you’re worthless on land! The only thing you’re good for is the ocean. How would you feel if a pirate like me could even defeat you when you’re strongest?”

Hoseok could show her that he was even stronger than the daughter of the god of sea in her strongest place.

Hani lunged forwards, her sword aimed towards Hoseok’s chest.

He dodged and continued yelling. “How bad would it make you look to lose on the ocean, how pathetic would you be! You’d be the laughing stock in Olympus for years to come!”

She opened her mouth, but between the earplugs and the sound of the waves, her voice was nonexistent to him.

Hoseok swung his sword at her, hitting hers.

He moved forward even closer to her. “You are so bad at fighting you constantly try to resort to brainwashing! How sad is that?”

Hani’s eyes turned to slits as she moved around, blocking Hoseok’s attacks and dodging them.

Hoseok was in his element. 

Fuck being related to a god, any god for that matter.

The sea was where Hoseok belonged, and this was just any other fight.

Hoseok started cracking up as he spun and parried, thrusting his swords at her. Waves came at him at alarming speed, but Hoseok had fought crowds of over 20 before and this was no different. 

He knew how to watch his blind spots.

He jabbed and hit her shoulder, pulling back and causing blood to seep down her forearms and drip onto the deck below them.

The deck, however, was now flooded with salt water and the blood just disappeared as quick as it dripped down.

Water flew at Hani, drenching her. Hoseok could see the wound slowly closing up.

“So you’re a cheater? You can’t even fight properly without cheating?” 

Hani snarled and launched herself at Hoseok who was grinning.

He was soaked by now, his entire body wet and starting to freeze. He needed to end this soon.

Yoongi could no longer see Hoseok as he had left the crow's nest.

He was currently going against one of Hani’s crew members who was a young woman with completely glazed over eyes.

Jiwoo was fighting across from him, also with the same member. These girls fought for their lives under the hypnosis.

They fought like this because to them, dying didn’t matter. The only thing that mattered to them was Hani.

Nearby, he could see Jungkook and Taehyung fighting with someone else.

They easily outnumbered the enemy crew, but Hani was sending harsh waves over and onto the deck, strong enough to knock someone out easily.

Dodging the waves was becoming taxing on all of their energy.

That, and they were unable to use their hearing to help them with blind spots. 

Byeongkwan was doing amazing for someone who hated all of them with a passion, he was sending spells flying back and forth and often using protection charms to save them from the waves that were coming at all angles.

Sooyoung, Jinhwan, and Nayeon had asked to step out of the battle and that was fine for Yoongi, he sent the three of them with Chungha down to the brig to stay away from all the fighting, it was not fair to send people like them to their deaths when they still had their entire lives ahead.

Hoseok had told them not to kill any of the women from Hani’s ship as they were under her spell, and they could not use Yeji as she was searching for Jimin.

They just needed to fight off the enemy long enough until Hoseok managed to kill Hani.

Yoongi had to keep trying to convince himself that Hoseok could do it.

The plan was for Hoseok to lure her onto the land and get her when she was weak.

Ideally, if she was on land, she would not be able to control the ocean around the ship and they would not need to worry about it.

The waves were still harsh, so Yoongi knew Hoseok had not gotten her on the island yet.

If Hoseok was not able to lure her, then Yoongi was fearful for him.

made sure of was that Hani would be unable to sink the ship. They were too close to shore, and if she tried it would be pointless as the ground was right below them.

Yoongi continued to dodge attacks, but he was becoming exhausted and cold. 

She had sent hurricane weather at them, and Yoongi had no doubt that this was the tactic she had used to destroy multiple towns throughout this journey.

A wave crashed right into him and he flew onto the floor, sliding down the deck as the ship rocked back and forth harshly. 

Yoongi grabbed hold to the edge of the edge of the ship before it could throw him overboard.

The ship leaned to the other side and Yoongi struggled to hold on.

“Fuck! Hoseok!” Yoongi yelled out frustrated, hoping that Hoseok would be able to beat her.

Jimin was tied to the deck. Even so, he was just a shell. Just a body. 

He was unable to move, he was unable to even think. He could only feel and see.

Someone came up in front of him, a young girl.

If Jimin was not brainwashed, he would have been able to tell that this was Yeji.

“Hold on! Let me help you.” She said before putting two objects in his ears and then placed a cold trembling palm to Jimin’s forehead.

Slowly, the fog in his head started to fade. He blinked, and looked around.

“Yeji?” Jimin spoke, his vision clearing and he was able to see who was in front of him. Suddenly, his body felt heavy and in pain.

Jimin groaned and clutched at his stomach. 

Hani had a lot of fun beating Jimin up on the ride to find Hoseok. He shuddered to think of her boots among other things.

His entire body was bruised from her vicious attacks.

“Are you okay?” Yeji asked, her worried eyes looking at him.

“Not exactly, but it is what it is. What’s going on?” Jimin finally looked past Yeji to where his ship should be. “Shit.”

It definitely looked to be war. He could see wood planks breaking away from the side of the ship as waves crashed into it.

The ship looked like it was ready to break at any second. 

“Hoseok wants us to stay here until it's safe to go back.” Yeji whispered, before crouching next to Jimin.

He wanted to go back and help as much as he could, but he was in so much pain that he knew he would do absolutely nothing to help anyone.

He just wanted them all to live.

Seokjin could see Yoongi hanging onto a railing on the side of the ship and tried to get over there. 

He passed by Namjoon who had tried to stay close to, but Yoongi looked like he needed help.

“I’m coming!” Seokjin called out, even though Yoongi could not hear him at all. 

Seokjin felt terrible. 

He had literally punched Hoseok across the face earlier, and stormed out without being able to say anything else before this.

If anything happened to Hoseok during this fight, he was not sure how he would be able to live with himself ever again.

He finally reached Yoongi, after slipping about ten different times.

The prince was shaking from the cold.

The ship was not even leaning anymore, but Yoongi was still gripping as if it still was, almost as if the cold and fear had deluded him.

Seokjin grabbed onto him. “Yoongi!”

Yoongi stared up at Seokjin. He had been laying in the ocean water for who knows how long until this point, the entire deck had flooded up to about 3 inches and Yoongi had just been laying in it.

Seokjin could see Yoongi mouthing his name. 

“I’m here, don’t worry. It’s okay.”

Seokjin had no clue where he would be able to bring Yoongi to warm up, everything on the ship was flooded.

They had several drains around the ship that were supposed to let the water out, but the waves kept crashing so constantly that it would not even matter.

Seokjin held Yoongi close to himself, arms wrapped around the prince. “Stay with me.”

The prince slowly lost consciousness.

Jungkook and Taehyung, of course, were working well together.

Hoseok had told them they were not allowed to kill, and it was proving to be much more difficult than one may think.

The enemies were coming at them with the intent to murder, and Taehyung and Jungkook had to just dodge continuously.

Jungkook had seen Yoongi get swept away from a wave about a half hour ago, and he was trying his best not to think too hard about what that could mean.

The rest of the crew was spread out all over the ship, Jungkook could not keep track of everyone.

He had seen Baekhyun most recently, and the man was more terrifying than he even thought. Baekhyun fought with only his fists, not a weapon on him. Somehow he managed to avoid all blades coming at him and get punches in during the entire process, it was madness.

Sunmi and Taemin were working together with some daggers, but neither of them were very good at it and it started to worry Jungkook a lot. Jiwoo had gone to help them after Yoongi washed away, and Jungkook thought she was the only reason why neither of them had gotten hurt yet.

All he knew was that Taehyung was fighting with him, and that was what he needed to focus on for the time being.

Jungkook looked at Taehyung’s face, the older pirate starting to look tired out.

It took a lot to tire out the boys, but they had been fighting for about two hours now without stopping, and all while being thrown around by waves.

If this had been going to plan, the waves would not have been a problem.

Jungkook tried not to think about what that could mean, either.

Right now all that mattered was that he and Taehyung were safe, he would do anything to keep Taehyung safe at the given time.

“So what is it,” Hoseok continued to badger Hani as they fought. “Nobody likes you, so you have to hypnotize them? Imagine being so unlikeable.”

Hoseok brought his sword down on an angle, just missing her thigh.

Her movements were very shaky at this point, rather from anger or just from how tired she was.

Hoseok could keep going, he could keep fighting forever.

“What, I thought a daughter of Poseidon would be able to beat a land boy like myself?” Hoseok snarked, jabbing at her again, grazing her side.

Hani clutched at it before dodging another one of his attacks.

“What even was your plan going to be if you killed all the demigods? Like, what was even the reason for all of this?” Hoseok kicked at her, hitting her stomach and sending her doubling over and into the water below on the soggy deck.

The cut on her side started to heal. 

Hoseok jammed his sword down, hard piercing through her right thigh.

He could hear Hani screaming now, her voice shrill and loud, even through the earplugs.

He pushed the sword down deeper. “What, the water can’t heal this wound?”

She struggled around the sword, but Hoseok kept it in her leg, unmoving. “Ah, ah, don’t squirm around like that, you’ll make it worse.”

Hoseok stepped forward, over on top of her until one of his boots was on her chest, pushing her down against the deck.

He leaned back against his sword that had gone all the way through her thigh at this point. “Mmm, not so strong even in the amount of water you’ve managed to flood my ship with now are we? It’s so dirty…” Hoseok ran a hand through his hair, acting as if he was not bothered by the fact that he was currently piercing through someone’s leg. It was all an act. “If I had the right mind, I would make you clean up this mess. Right, I should do that.” 

Hoseok hummed and looked down at her. 

The waves around them were starting to cease as Hani was running out of power in her weakened state.

“What’s this? Are you tired? I was just starting to have fun though…” Hoseok tapped his foot over her chest then moved it to step over her cheek, digging in his heel. “You know, you’ve caused me some real problems lately.”

He pushed harder against her cheek, until he was sure his shoe had left a mark. “So much unnecessary trouble. I almost find it troubling that I am going to just kill you and make it so easy. You don't deserve to go that easily, but I guess we cannot always get what we want.”

Hoseok looked down at her, eyes stern. “Oh, I almost forgot.” 

Hoseok twisted around the sword in her thigh, causing her to scream again. “Hmm, I almost forgot that it was there. By the way, I almost forgot to tell you. I guess the only thing I can thank you for, is for allowing me to meet the love of my life. I suppose that is all.” 

Hoseok threw his head back and laughed before looking back down at her, digging in his heel as she started to thrash about. “Stop that. Ugh, I am a bit annoyed right now. You put up

a chase and could not even keep up in the final fight. That is very embarrassing for you. I’ll make sure to make an account of this in Olympus. You know, I was always told that I am such an embarrassment to my father. Yes, he actually said that.” Hoseok chuckled, but Hani did not look amused at all. “Oh, lighten up. Anyways, I think it’s quite funny that apparently

the embarrassing one when I was able to easily defeat you in your own element. Hmm, I know. It's quite sad. Now I suppose I should put you out of this embarrassing misery. Let’s show everyone who actually belongs on this sea.” 

Hoseok could tell the drains on the ship were starting to work as the water started draining away and the skies were beginning to clear up.

It was time to finish things for good.

Hoseok dug the sword out of her thigh, the bloody sword glinting in the sun and dripping all over the two of them.

“Ahn Heeyeon, this is farewell.” Hoseok plunged the sword directly where her heart was, not even giving her a chance to scream, watching as the light left her eyes, her body motionless.

He took the sword out slowly, still standing over her body. He stared at his sword in disgust before sighing. “I got it dirty.”

Slowly he took the ear plugs out of his ears and could hear a commotion from the other side of the ship. 

He looked down at Hani before picking up her body and carrying her over his shoulder as he trudged to the other end.

Blood dripped out of her wounds and all over the deck, someone would have to mop all of that up later.

He saw Namjoon first, who was comforting a sobbing woman. Namjoon looked up and sighed with relief when he saw Hoseok.

“You’re safe. The other crew… they’re realizing what happened to them…” 

Hoseok winced. “Follow me to find the others.”

Namjoon had seen Seokjin and Yoongi earlier and knew that Seokjin had brought Yoongi into the captain's quarters to be under the blankets of the bed after the waves calmed down. He would mention that again later.

Finally, everyone else was coming into view. Hoseok looked around at everyone, and the few women who were sobbing uncontrollably. 

Yeji and Jimin even came into view, Yeji supporting Jimin who seemed to be a bit injured, but he was alive. 

Hoseok looked around at everyone again, before fear suddenly struck him. He dropped the body onto the floor.

“Where are Seokjin and Yoongi?” He demanded and Namjoon sighed.

“Yoongi got swept away by a wave, but was able to hang onto the side of the ship. When Seokjin found him, he had passed out from the cold. He is currently resting in your quarters.” 

Hoseok took a moment for that to sink in. They were alive, everything was okay. 

“Captain, what are we doing with her?” Jungkook pointed down at Hani.

Hoseok smirked. “I have the perfect place to put her.”

Hoseok did not think that Hani deserved the pleasure of being put to rest in the ocean, instead he decided to finally jump onto the island, after throwing Hani over the edge onto the shore.

He was going to bury her on land, the one place she hated the most.

The crew did not work too hard to make her a burial site, and did the bare minimum before burying her and finishing the grave.

Hoseok finally felt like he could relax.

Back on the ship, everyone was finally starting to calm down when Baekhyun came up to Hoseok.

“I have a proposition.” 

Hoseok raised his eyebrows at the demigod.

Baekhyun pointed at Hani’s ship. “Do you have plans to use this vessel?” 

Hoseok shrugged. “I was just going to leave it here.”

“I will take it.” 

Hoseok stared at the other, until realizing he was serious. “What the

are you going to do with a pirate ship???”

Baekhyun grinned. “Well, I don’t suppose you exactly wanted to drop off everyone back home? I don't mind doing it myself, besides I’ve always wanted a ship of my own. It’s so troubling sneaking around on cargo ships.” 

Hoseok deadpanned him. “I-... Okay. Sure, that’s fine. If they don’t care about you taking them home then I seriously don't care. I also don’t want to know what you plan to do with a pirate ship of that size. I have stopped caring, seriously.”

Baekhyun smirked. “Good to hear.” 

Surprisingly, everyone was very okay with the idea of Baekhyun taking them home for some reason. 

Hoseok thought that perhaps, everyone was sick and tired of being paraded around on a pirate ship and just wanted to go home and for their lives to go back to normal.

He thought Yoongi might be a bit sad about missing everyone heading off, but Hoseok also thought it would be better for Yoongi to wake up after all the stress had gone down.

A less crowded boat would help.

It was a bittersweet goodbye to everyone.

Luckily for Baekhyun, being aboard Hoseok’s ship had taught them all enough knowledge to become a good crew set for sail. 

Jiwoo had the hardest time saying goodbye which surprised Hoseok quite a bit. She sobbed into a hug after throwing herself into his arms. “I’m going to miss you and everyone s-so much…” 

Hoseok rubbed her back slowly. “Don’t get into any trouble, okay? Chungha is going to take good care of you and Yeji.”

Jiwoo nodded, her tear streaked face blotchy.

Yeji held her hand tightly, and also hugged everyone goodbye.

Byeongkwan nodded at Hoseok, but that was all there really was from him.

Sooyoung and Jinhwan told Hoseok to visit and said that Charlotte would quite like to see him again, Hoseok disagreed heavily but said he would come some day.

Taemin had given Hoseok a solemn look. “I suppose I might see you at the palace again soon.. Please stay safe. Everyone will support His Highness Min Yoongi if he gets a chance to explain, I know it.”

Hoseok smiled, but it was tense. “Yes, Taemin. I do suppose we will be seeing you again soon, though I wish it was under much better times.

Sunmi smiled at Hoseok before taking him in her arms. “Cousin, you’ll never hear this from me again, but I am so proud of you.” She released him and her face went stern before she pointed a finger and shoved it into his chest. “Never visit my house ever a-fuckin-gain. I swear to the gods, everytime you come over it’s like the Earth is going to collapse. Fuck! I will be enjoying my time alone!”

Hoseok chuckled, knowing she was still joking around. (Maybe). He would visit whether she liked it or not.

Nayeon took him in a tight hug, also crying. “Please stay out of trouble this time?”

“I promise.” Hoseok said, but everyone knew he was lying.

Chungha stared at him, as if she was looking directly into his soul, her eyes glowing bright white. “Let’s meet under better circumstances next time, Jung Hoseok.”

Hoseok nodded carefully before bowing to her.

Baekhyun clapped his hands together. “All right! Welcome aboard, I am your Captain Byun Baekhyun! Let’s get outta here!”

The demigods cheered as they all got on the boat and got it set up for sail. They waved as the boat started to sail away, Hoseok’s heart heavy.

As soon as all of them had become part of his crew, they left along with Hani’s old crew who Baekhyun promised to take home. Hoseok would miss them a lot, even the ones he hadn’t gotten a chance to become all that close to. Anyone who was on his ship as crew was family, and if any of them ever needed him in the future, he would be there within seconds.

That night, Hoseok stepped into his room and saw Yoongi sleeping peacefully beneath the covers. 

Taehyung had gone in to check on him before determining that he would be alright after everything. Yoongi had not woken up yet, but Taehyung did not think it would be long before he did.

Hoseok sat on the bed beside his sleeping lover. “Love.” Hoseok said, placing a hand over Yoongi’s back.

The other Captain stirred in his sleep and wearily opened his eyes looking up at Hoseok.

“Seokkie…” His voice slurred. “You’re alive.” 

Hoseok hummed, rubbing his hand up and down Yoongi’s back. “Of course, I will always come back to you. You really thought some simple demigod could take

out? Do not be mistaken next time.”

Yoongi hummed in his half asleep state. “I was still worried. I’m happy to see you are here. Please hold me.”

Hoseok laid down, throwing an arm around Yoongi’s back and pulling him in close. He buried his face in Yoongi’s hair. “I love you so much, I’m glad you’re okay.”

Yoongi curled up against Hoseok’s chest. “I love you too, I’m glad this is over.”

Hoseok nodded, both of them going into silence as they let sleep take them again.

Things as it seemed, were only over just for that moment, as it was the only two of them. 

Kim Hongjoong liked to think he led a pretty nice life before he died. He worked for the palace, his family was well off because of him, and he had many friends. It was quite good.

In fact, the underworld wasn’t even that bad, Hongjoong liked it a lot. 

A lot of his friends ended up there as well (from the same battle, yes, it was very bloody) and he had been able to reunite with many others, including his seven closest friends.

Though, as he lay dying in a battlefield, he hadn’t expected to be brought back as a ghost.

He had only been dead for maybe 5 years and it had been a lovely time. The underworld had a lot of parties, and he had met many people of all time periods. It was the vacation he never knew he needed when he was alive.

And yet years later and he had been minding his business, doing what dead people do, and suddenly he had felt light headed and a moment later staring at his dear Crown Prince Min Yoongi.

“What the everloving fuck?” Hongjoong sputtered out, in shock.

His first thought was that the Crown Prince must have died, and that would be

for the palace but also, not Hongjoong’s problem because he was dead.

He figured up above would be pandemonium. 

Hongjoong shook his head, he would not have been surprised if the second prince had done something, or even the King. 

Royals these days, always killing each other. He had heard about things like that ever since he started training to be a guard. Naturally, they needed to learn the history of the throne, and it had blown his mind how violent things could get for that huge position of power.

Hongjoong always thought that Min Yoongi would be the best option to be king. Every commoner had adored their Crown Prince. He would come often to the village and help out by giving money or food to anyone who needed it. Not only that, but oftentimes (if his guard allowed him to), he would sit and talk to some of the elderly villagers that came to see him. As the Crown Prince had gone from adolescence to his late teenage years, he was not allowed to go into the village as much. Perhaps the King felt threatened by how much people loved the Prince when he knew how much they hated him.

Overall, Min Yoongi was the best type of person who could be a royal, and even better, king.

“Your highness?” Hongjoong was looking at everything, the room he was in looked oddly like the Prince’s quarters, or even just somewhere in the palace.

Hades must have been going all out to accommodate the Prince!

“Hi Hongjoong.” Yoongi said and Hongjoong paused, thinking about what he wanted to say next. How do you greet your Crown Prince in the underworld? Do honorifics still matter? 

“Did you die? Why am I with you right now? Gods, this is extremely unfortunate.” Hongjoong sighed and shook his head, continuing to look at things.

Really, Hades did so well with the place! It looked just like the palace!

“I did not die, I summoned you to me.” Min Yoongi stated, as if it was obvious.

At that moment, Hongjoong’s afterlife changed for good.

So much for death and relaxation.

Being a ghost, well, it was good sometimes, but Hongjoong also wished he could just go back to chilling in the underworld.

Min Yoongi asked for a lot of things to be done and Hongjoong was lazy. He wasn’t even getting paid for this! He had spent his entire life training to protect the royals and then died at war before he could even turn 20! And now while he’s dead he’s

Though, it was the Crown Prince and Hongjoong had sworn loyalty to him back when he was alive and he felt he should continue to honor that.

Even when Min Yoongi asked him to get a fucking pirate ship.

“Seonghwa, I’m serious, he wants us to build a fucking pirate ship.” Hongjoong was complaining to his close friend, who was also a ghost now.

“Well, it’s the Crown Prince. So I guess that is what we will be doing.” Seonghwa said, yawning.

“A fucking pirate ship!” Hongjoong continued on, because clearly nobody else was understanding him.

Not only was he now working full time and not getting paid, but he was going to be a pirate.

Hades have mercy on his poor soul, what had he done to deserve this?

 The first few months as a pirate ghost were not that bad, Hongjoong will admit. The Prince acted like some tough shit, but literally everyone saw through the mask.

Hongjoong let him get away with it because he thought the Prince might have been acting up because he wanted attention.

Usually you would see that with younger kids rather than a royal in his mid 20s, but Hongjoong had gotten small pieces of information from the Prince as to what his life had been like growing up in the palace, and it hadn’t seemed good.

Hongjoong knew that Yoongi just needed people who could love him and care for him, and he could not get that with a bunch of ghosts.

As much as the eight ghosts truly did care for the Prince, they were not flesh and bone, they were not alive to give him what he truly needed.

And Hongjoong knew that they could not be there for him forever.

One fine afternoon Hongjoong was lazing around the river Styx down in the underworld and felt Yoongi calling for him.

So much for his relaxing afternoon.

Hongjoon transported through the realms and took in his surroundings. A dirty tavern filled with gross pirates. Lovely.

Hongjoong nearly cried when he saw the situation at hand. Jung Hoseok, the most dangerous pirate captain in Asia, was standing directly across from him, shoving a sword at the Crown Prince.

“What the fuck?” Someone yelled and Hongjoong could honestly agree with that sentiment.

“Put the sword away or I’ll have Hongjoong here do something to you.” The Prince said eerily, staring Captain Hope dead in the eyes.

Of course, send the ghost after a feared pirate captain, sure, sure.

Hongjoong had to muster up some courage to not look like a damn fool. He smiled at Jung Hoseok, and looked at the sword which was only inches away from the ghost.

“I’d put that away if I were you.”

Hongjoong really tried to come off as creepy as he could manage, because ghosts were definitely meant to be creepy, but he was not sure if he had hit the mark.

Jung Hoseok withdrew his sword to Hongjoong’s excitement. 

the sword could do nothing to his translucent body, but if the pirate had decided to fight the Crown Prince it would be

much trouble to deal with and Hongjoong truly did not want to go through that.

Jung Hoseok stared at Hongjoong with disdain. “Why do you obey this pirate?” 

Hongjoong could have rolled his eyes. Pirates are seriously so annoying, why do they care about trivial things like that? “That’s none of your business.” 

Hongjoong placed his hands on his hips and hoped he looked menacing. 

He definitely did not, but Jung Hoseok looked surprised enough, so he would take this as a success.

“This is my first mate, Kim Hongjoong.” The Prince announced, gesturing to the ghost and Hongjoong really just wanted to wither away and die a second time, and yet, he bowed nonetheless to the other pirates.

“What is my Captain to you?” Hongjoong asked Jung Hoseok because he truly had no clue what was going on and just wanted some information. 

“He’s a fucking nusiannce is what he is. Namjoon, we are leaving.” Jung Hoseok said and Hongjoong really wanted to say ‘Amen to that!” but held himself back out of surprise. 

Very interesting turn of events!

What was the ex-best friend of Crown Prince Min Yoongi doing with Jung Hoseok?

Jung Hoseok grabbed the Crown Prince’s drink and drank it all up right in front of him. “See you later, Prince.”

Hongjoong watched the retreating figures of Jung Hoseok and Kim Namjoon with intrigue.

Who would have thought that Kim Namjoon left the palace to be a pirate! The Crown Prince was going to be really pissed.

Back on the ship, the Crown Prince recounted Namjoon’s disappearance from the castle, with a frown on his face. “Little did I know he left to be a pirate.”

Hongjoong could feel the bitterness radiating off of the pirate.

Kim Namjoon had been the only family that the Prince had ever had, only to leave suddenly one day without a word. And to become a pirate on top of all of that?

Hongjoong would be pissed, too. 

The next time Hongjoong saw Jung Hoseok was after the Crown Prince’s ship had been sunk off the coast of Jeju Island.

Of course, Min Yoongi had seen the enemy pirate before this when he had gone to the oracle, but Hongjoong had not been there.

Oracles freaked him out.

Hongjoong and Yoongi had been sitting on a little row boat, trying to row their way to Jeju Island when they spotted Jung Hoseok’s ship in the distance.

Before the ship could get close enough, Hongjoong transported himself back to the underworld, not wanting to deal with the confrontation at that moment. 

Of course, he wanted to protect the Prince. There was nothing he valued more than his Prince’s safety, but for some reason, he thought the Prince would be alright on his own. 

That night, the Crown Prince had called Hongjoong up to update him on what had been going on.

Apparently he was going to team up with Jung Hoseok and his crew of pirates to try and defeat some other evil pirate.

“Your lovely respectable Highness, I would just like to know

Hongjoong asked after the entire explanation.

Why would anybody willingly work with a pirate that was notorious for loving to murder people? Why? Hongjoong could not wrap his mind around this.

The Crown Prince sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Not only did the oracle suggest that I should work with him, but I honestly really like being irritating. He really dislikes me and I just think its

“Hold on.” Hongjoong really just wanted to die for a second time. The Crown Prince could

be serious. “You-. Okay. I understand the point about the oracle, I truly do. But is it really about being annoying? Is that really what this is about?” 

The Crown Prince licked his lips nervously. “Yes, Hongjoong. That is exactly what this is about. Also we are going to Hanyang tomorrow, so please be ready if I need you. I will be taking my leave now, goodnight.” 

The Crown Prince walked away hastily before Hongjoong could ask any other questions.

seem to be more going on.

Hongjoong got called up every so often now and again to help out with minor things on the boat, but there really was not much for him to do.

He had spoken to the crew members a few times, and they were fine, Hongjoong did not mind them at all.

He’d even become happy to learn that Kim Namjoon and the Crown Prince had gotten over their problems and had become close friends again.

But Hongjoong knew he did not really have a purpose any longer. 

True, the Crown Prince had said before they might need him and the others for the fight against some demigod named Hani, but the Prince had not really even bothered calling up the other’s for anything anymore.

It was only really Hongjoong, and even he was rarely needed there.

Min Yoongi had found actual living humans that he enjoyed being around.

So, Hongjoong was finally getting used to his afterlife in the underworld. He finally had a chance to sit and relax and actually enjoy being dead.

“Yes, we are going to meet with my father. We will be needing you there.” the Prince was attempting to explain to Hongjoong who was having none of that.

“You’re going to the palace after everything you went through to leave?” 

The Prince sighed. “It’s part of a distraction to get one of the performers out and onto our ship. I’m not going to let my father do anything to me.”

Hongjoong shook his head. “I will help you, but I definitely do not support this plan. Is Captain Hope going with you to meet your father? How are you going to introduce him?”

“I-. I know this is very unsafe, I know that. I’ve been so worried, I can't even sleep lately. But we must do this, not only for Lee Taemin, but also because I need my father to know I am alive, and I need him to fear me.” The Prince admitted in a soft whisper before adding, “I’m going to tell him the truth about my relationship with Hoseok.”

Hongjoong took this all in with a very deep sigh. “You’re going to give that man a heart attack.”

Yoongi laughed for the first time that night. “Gods, I hope so.”

Hongjoong and the seven others were going to be at the ready all night for whenever the Prince would call on them, and this time, they knew he would.

Hongjoong knew there was not an actual plan to fight the King yet, but even confronting him was extremely dangerous.

It was about 2 hours of waiting before they felt the pull taking them from the underworld and into the middle of the court room at the palace.

Hongjoong felt adrenaline rush through him, something he had not felt in so long. Guards he recognized from his past among new faces shouted in fear upon seeing the eight ghosts appear in the center of the room.

Hongjoong watched at Jung Hoseok and the Prince fought tooth and nail working towards the exit of the room.

That was the plan, to escape.

Hongjoong watched as men tried to come up behind the pirate captains and he worked hard to use his energy and throw them aside, as best he could.

His energy as a ghost had improved heavily in the time since the Prince had first summoned him, but it still was very draining and he needed to do as much as he could in a short amount of time to get them out.

“Kim Hongjoong you have betrayed the throne!” One of Hongjoong’s old friends screamed out and Hongjoong just felt irritated.

Betrayed the throne? Hongjoong laughed bitterly. The only people he could see here that had betrayed the throne were the fuckers fighting against their Crown Prince.

Sure, Min Yoongi had left the palace, but he was the one they had sworn to protect. 

“No, I have always been loyal to His Highness the Crown Prince.” Hongjoong stated and sent the guard flying.

Jung Hoseok and the Prince managed to slice their way up to the exit after what felt like hours and they started running immediately.

Hongjoong and the other ghosts did their best to hold off the guards that were trying to go after them.

“Hongjoong, go after the Prince!” Seonghwa screamed over to Hongjoong. “We can hold them back! Go keep him safe!” 

Hongjoong nodded and went to follow after the two pirate captains, only to see them splitting up. Yoongi was carrying Jungkook who was passed out and bleeding with some other man that Hongjoong did not recognize. The three of them seemed like they were going to make it out alive.

But Jung Hoseok, on the other hand, was running straight back into the fight.

“Motherfucker.” Hongjoong muttered.

He had been raised his entire life to protect the Crown Prince. He had always been told that he needed to make sure the Crown Prince was constantly safe.

Yet, this time, Hongjoong found himself running towards Jung Hoseok and not the Crown Prince.

The pirate seemed short on breath and his energy seemed to be on its last straw. Hongjoong knew that Yoongi would be beside himself if anything ever happened to Jung Hoseok, so Hongjoong made the quick decision to protect him as well.

It was obvious to everyone that the two Captains were lovers, it was extremely obvious.

In fact, Hongjoong had watched as six pirates had become family to his dear Crown Prince.

Min Yoongi never had a family before, and Hongjoong was not about to let one of them die right after Yoongi had found love.

Jung Hoseok was fighting about ten guards all by himself and Hongjoong knew that normally Jung Hoseok would be able to do that with ease.

“Hoseok go!” Hongjoong screamed, hoping that the pirate would hear him. “I can take care of them, I can't die twice!

Hongjoong needed Hoseok to run, he needed him to be safe. 

Thankfully, Hoseok went and ran after Taehyung who had left the fight when Hoseok had shown up and Hongjoong stared at the guards.

“Let’s fucking go!” 

Hongjoong was not needed by the Crown Prince after that. He rarely even updated Hongjoong much, his visits to the human realm decreasing each time.

Hongjoong knew that the Prince had finally found a family and that he did not need his ghosts anymore.

Of course, Hongjoong would always be there if the Prince needed him, but he had only needed him to begin with out of loneliness.

Hongjoong knew he would need to say something to the Prince soon, and it was going to be a goodbye.

The fight with the evil demigod would be coming up soon, but the Prince had told Hongjoong that they may not even need ghosts since there would be so many demigods helping with the fight.

Hongjoong did not even think that the Prince noticed how much less he had been around.

The fight came and went, and Hongjoong only knew it had happened from the reactions from everyone in the underworld.

Ares and Poseidon had been at each other’s necks over this entire situation and it had created this huge controversy within Olympus, the human world, and the Underworld. 

Hades himself had sided with Hoseok, much to Hongjoong’s happiness, but he knew it was only because Hani had caused so many unnecessary deaths and the paperwork had been piling up for poor Charon, Hades’ secretary.

The fight aftermath resulted in celebrations all throughout the underworld, parties raging everywhere. 

Jung Hoseok had killed Ahn Heeyeon on the ocean where she was strongest, he had done the unthinkable.

Poseidon was furious from the embarrassment his daughter had caused, all three realms treating him like a joke.

Ares, on the other hand, had been acting like he had purposely caused Hoseok’s win, but nobody bought it. Everyone knew how terrible their relationship together was.

It was about a week from then that the Prince finally summoned for Hongjoong’s presence on the ship.

It was time for Hongjoong to say goodbye.

It took about a week after the fight for Yoongi to recover completely. Well, it would have been less, but Hoseok absolutely smothered him in affection and care, not wanting Yoongi to hurt himself again. They had been floating around the Jeju Island coast, not wanting to go anywhere yet until Yoongi had healed properly. The first few days after Hani died had been a disaster on the ocean, and even trying to get from their deserted island to Jeju had been a huge struggle. Poseidon’s wrath had caused huge storms across the sea, following Hoseok wherever he went. Eventually, it died down along with the wrath of the god, and Hoseok had finally been able to sail.

“Hoseok it is time we have a meeting about the next step in our journey.” Yoongi told his lover after they were both awake and cuddled together on their bed.

“Ah, I was wondering when we would talk about this.” Hoseok yawned, looking concerned.

Yoongi placed a gentle kiss on Hoseok’s lips and smiled. “It’s okay, I am looking forward to it this time.”

Yoongi gathered everyone together on the deck, dressed up in his luxurious black coat and standing confidently next to the love of his life. “It is time we talk about the fight against my father. I understand if you all do not want to be involved, we have just gotten out of a very tough fight and you do not need to join me in this next one.”

Seokjin gave Yoongi an incredulous look. “How

you suggest that we would not join you on this! How dare you! We are your family, Min Yoongi, and wherever you go, we go. That is final. Everyone on this ship is doing this together, because you are one of us now.”

Yoongi did his absolute best to hold back tears. “Ah, it’s-, I just wanted to give everyone a ch-choice.” 

Jungkook came up and wrapped Yoongi in a tight hug. “We all care for you and love you so much, Yoongi. We want to do this with you.”

Hoseok nodded at his crew with a fond smile on his face. “Thank you everyone for agreeing to help.” He turned to look at his lover. “We are always going to be here to help you, Yoongi.”

Yoongi took a deep breath and nodded. “Okay. Let me call Hongjoong, because he needs to be here for this as well. I have not spoken to him in a while…”

Hongjoong appeared readily and gave Yoongi and Hoseok a huge smile. “I heard about what happened with Hani! Good job everyone.”

Yoongi grinned at the ghost. “Thank you, Hongjoong. I actually wanted to discuss a plan about fighting my father.”

Hongjoong had a far away expression on his face. “Right, there’s actually something I wanted to say to you first, though.” 

Yoongi looked puzzled, but asked for Hongjoong to continue.

The rest of the crew looked on curiously as the ghost began to speak.

“Min Yoongi, I care about you a lot, but I fear this will be the last chapter in our time together. After we finish the fight against your father I would like to retire from my ghostly services forever.”

Yoongi paused, his face stunned. “You, what?”

Hongjoong smiled at his friend. “My Prince, I would like to be relieved from my duties.” The ghost bowed deeply in front of the Prince.

Yoongi looked like he was about to tear up again. “Did I do anything wrong?”

Hongjoong came closer to Yoongi so that they were face to face. “Your Highness, you needed me at a time when you had nobody else. I was with you for years as your confidant and close friend. I’ve watched you for the past few months as you have needed me less and less. You have found the family you have been looking for your entire life, and I now would like to finally be able to relax in the underworld. Thank you.” 

Yoongi’s shocked face quickly turned into a huge smile, his gums on display. Hoseok stood beside him, looking equally as happy. “Hongjoong, thank you so much. I would love to relieve you of your service after we finish this fight against my father. You have done so well.”

Hongjoong looked down at the floor before looking back up at Yoongi. “I wish I could hug you right now.” The ghost coughed, clearly because he was feeling awkward. “Alright, I would like to hear what you have to say now.” 

Yoongi nodded and looked over at the crew who seemed happy to hear that Hongjoong considered Yoongi to be their family. 

“Alright, let’s get this shit over with so that Hongjoong could enjoy retirement.” Yoongi said and everyone else laughed. 

Yoongi cleared his throat and became serious once again. “Logically, we cannot just walk into the palace and immediately confront my father. We need to figure out a way to get in for starters.”

Everyone quieted down in thought, trying to figure out a way to get in. 

Jungkook was the first to speak up. “Hongjoong can use his little teleportation powers and just put me across the wall, and then I can knock out the guards before they alert anyone.”

Taehyung heavily disagreed. “Okay, wait no. That might be risky, because we aren’t sure if they have added guards or not since then.”

“We need to back up a bit, because how are we going to even get in the city when a guard is checking each and every person that docks? And somebody has to stay behind on the ship when we go.” Hoseok said and everyone groaned.

“Wait.” Seokjin paused. “I have an idea. What if we anchor off the shore from where Byeongkwan lives and sneak through into the village. We can stay with my mother if we need to for good measure.”

Hoseok clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth. “That is a good idea, but it is possible if we go the correct direction to get to the gate from the woods that separate Byeongkwan’s village to my aunt’s village. If we go towards the left side rather than straight, we can get to the gate without going through the market.” 

Yoongi nodded. “Yes, also I do have something else to suggest. I think we should send a ghost in to go find Taemin and alert him that we may need a distraction to get in. I am sure he will manage to do something.”

“Taemin said before he left to go back that he was not entirely sure how he was going to explain why he was gone for so long upon his return. I suggested that he say we held him captive, but that could also mean they have him in questioning.” Hoseok said.

Hongjoong hummed in thought. “What if me or one of the other ghosts sneak in and tell Taemin to pretend that black magic from being on our ship caused him to go crazy suddenly? The palace would eat that up right now.” 

Yoongi agreed. “Okay so Taemin causes a distraction and then we send Jungkook in to check what the guard situation is. If, and I mean if you can handle it, Jungkook, knock them out and open the gate for us.”

Taehyung sent Yoongi a look of betrayal, but it was a good plan. 

“So we open the gates and go in, but there are still going to be a ton of guards nearing where the court is, we should have the ghosts dealing with those while we try to get in. I know Yoongi wants to get to the King himself, so we need the ghosts to deal with the extra guards while we go in.” Namjoon stated and everyone nodded their heads, including Hongjoong.

“My father is not going to be in court.” Yoongi said. “I want to go late enough where he will be in his quarters and either about to sleep, or sleeping already. I think we should split off into small groups, also. One group should go to the court to handle anyone in there as a distraction, and another group should go to my brother’s sleeping quarters and make them think we are attacking there, and then Hoseok and I will go to see my father. I want to see him alone, so Hoseok can hold off any guards that come by while I go in. Each group should have a few ghosts to help out.” 

Everyone thought about this plan for a moment before Hoseok spoke. “Taehyung and Jungkook will be one team, Namjoon, Seokjin, and Jimin another team, and then Yoongi and I. We can figure out which ghosts are going with who later. These teams work the best together and will be best in a fight.”

Taehyung laughed, dryly. “I guess I am just a bit worried about Jungkook going back to the palace after last time, but I will be happy to know that there will be ghosts with us.” 

Jungkook grabbed Taehyung’s hand and held it tight. “I will be fine, please do not worry. We killed a demigod where she is strongest, we can do anything.”

Jimin fidgeted a bit where he was standing. “Actually, I think I have something to add.” 

Everyone turned to look at him and he blushed a bit. “Well, after what happened with Hani, I had been curious about my, uh, siren capabilities. Everyone knows that sirens are able to control people with their singing and well, I believe I am able to do so as well. I used to try it back after I had been captured, but I had never been properly trained to do it and was never able. I would like to learn and figure out how to do something so I can help on this journey. If you would let me, I have someone who can help me in Shanghai’s sea. I would like to swim out and then meet you all at the planned destination when we go.”

Namjoon and Seokjin looked shocked that Jimin had suggested this and traded looks with each other.

“Jimin, that is fine. We didn’t know you wanted to do that.” Seokjin said and Jimin smiled at him.

“I never felt in tune with my siren self before after all that self hatred, but lately I have really wanted to learn about my culture and what it is like to be a siren. I would like to learn how to use my voice.” Jimin said, his tone final.

Hoseok nodded at him. “I think you should do that. Would two weeks be okay with you to meet at Byeongkwan’s?”

Jimin agreed. “Thank you so much, Captain. I will not let you down with this.”

Hoseok laughed. “You could never let me down, Jimin. Why don’t you leave after dinner tonight?”

Jimin agreed with that. 

“Does anyone else have any ideas for the fight, or do we all agree with the plan?” Yoongi asked and looked carefully at everyone’s faces. 

Everyone ended up agreeing with the plan, and Yoongi’s heart felt heavy.

It was finally going to happen.

He was going to kill his father.

“Alright everyone, let's start the preparations.” Hoseok called out.

Jimin had been swimming for a few hours now, almost making his way into Shanghai. Sirens were able to swim extremely fast, using their tails to propel themselves through the ocean.

Ever since the fight with Hani, he had been thinking about how it must be possible for him to use his siren powers as well. 

He had known just who to see upon arrival, an older siren named Mei who he had promised to visit once again. The last time he had been in Shanghai had been when they were still trying to figure out information on who Hani was, and Mei had helped Jimin a lot back then.

Truthfully, he owed her debt for helping him and definitely should not be asking her for another favor, but he also knew that she would not mind.

He knew he had finally reached the Shanghai colony when he got stopped at the border by two guards that Jimin had remembered from the time prior.

“Halt!” A guard shouted out, swimming up to Jimin and eyeing him carefully. “Who are you and why are you here?”

The same words that had always been said when a siren arrives at a colony.

Jimin bowed his head towards the guards before speaking. “Hello, I was here a few months ago to rest while on a journey to Busan. I am here to come and meet with a guest house owner named Mei.”

One of the guards looked him up and down, assessing the situation. “I believe I remember you because of your accent. Because of this, you are free to enter.”

Jimin thanked the guards and swam into the Shanghai colony’s borders. He knew exactly where he would be able to find Mei, the path to the guest house coming back to his memories easily.

Jimin entered the guest house and saw Mei chopping up a swordfish. “Pardon me…”

She looked up, confused that someone was entering her home, until her eyebrows raised in recognition. “Ah, Jimin from Busan! You have returned.” 

Jimin lowered his head in respect. “Yes I have, if I may intrude on your home again?”

Mei chuckled, a small smile on her face as she swam over to greet him properly. “My dear, you are never intruding. I did say you could visit again anytime, yes?”

Jimin smiled back at her nodding. “There was actually something I wanted to talk to you about. If you remember, I had mentioned that I grew up around humans as I had been captured when I was a child by fishermen… There is a bit more to the story and I would appreciate it if you let me explain.”

Mei hummed. “Yes, I did think you were holding back a bit. I will keep your secrets close to my heart, darling. Let’s hear what you would like to say. Sit down, I have prepared swordfish that we can eat while we talk.”

The two of them settled on neighboring piles of sand and started to eat the swordfish as Jimin began speaking. 

“My mother is the Queen of the siren colony of Busan. A few years before I had been born, she had a child with the god of the sea, Poseidon. Her name was Hani. Poseidon left my mother to try and protect Hani in Atlantis. My mother, distraught, started seeing a human man and had a child with him. That child was me, Park Jimin.” Jimin paused, trying to judge what Mei might have been thinking, but her face did not change. She encouraged him to continue. 

“My mother was ashamed of my existence and purposely let me get captured by fishermen who put me into slavery on land. I despised humans for most of my life until being saved by a pirate named Captain Hope, or I know him now as Hoseok.” Jimin took a deep breath, holding back tears. Mei took his hand in her own, face sad. 

“The pirates on that ship became my family. They never treated me differently even knowing I was half siren, and they never did anything to hurt me unlike the other humans I had known. I became very loyal to that group of people. Years passed, and two more people joined our family. At first I was terrified of something consistent in my life changing, but I grew to love them as well. They became my best friends.” Jimin smiled at the memory of meeting Taehyung and Jungkook, his eyes hurting from how red they were from crying. (Crying underwater is a bit different, you just have all of the sadness without actual tears.)

“A few more years passed and the assumed dead Crown Prince of Joseon joined us. Apparently, humans do royalty a bit differently than us and he is quite a huge deal. When he joined, I was okay with it. I knew that our Captain would never let someone on our ship if he thought they would hurt us. So I trusted this Prince who I came to know as Yoongi. Together, our crew and some other demigods were able to defeat Hani, my half sister. During the fight we had, I had been under her control, and it made me start to think about myself. I have never been able to use siren powers, but I also have never been taught. I have never had a siren in my life who has taught me how to be one, and when I considered learning, my first thought was of you.” Jimin finished, choking down more tears.

Mei rubbed circles into his hand, humming softly as he finished his thoughts. “You’ve been through quite a lot haven’t you?”

Jimin knew that if he was above water at that moment, he would have broken completely down in sobs, uncontrollable. “Y-yes.”

Jimin’s throat was burning up but Mei looked at him like he was precious, like Jimin was valuable. Like he meant something to her.

“I can teach you how to use your voice. How long would you like to spend with me?” 

Jimin squeezed her hand. “I have two weeks.”

“We can make it work.” Mei concluded and Jimin’s frown turned quickly into a huge smile, he knew he had made the right choice coming to see Mei.

“Sweetheart, you need to do it from your soul. Clear your mind, let yourself be free of all thoughts. Reach down into your soul and use the powers from there.” Mei instructed.

It had been a week already that Jimin was with Mei and still he was struggling a lot.

He had only had one successful attempt and it had been the day prior, and it had not lasted for long. Mei said that Jimin had been influenced by humans for far too long. 

Sirens got their power from their souls. Normal sirens are much more in tune with their body and soul than Jimin was. Sirens did not even need to concentrate to pull the power from themselves, but Mei had Jimin going through intense meditation each day.

He needed to become one with himself, his soul, and the ocean to be able to use his powers. Jimin was far too used to human thought and stress, and not enough used to clearing his conscience from it all. 

“I’m trying.” Jimin said weakly. 

Jimin swished his tail back and forth, frustrated but Mei reprimanded him. 

“Darling, you are not clear of any thought. You are still mad that you cannot get it, and that is the reason why your soul refuses to speak to you.”

Jimin sighed, closing his eyes again. He tried to reach down to his soul, he tried to search for it. 

‘I’m sorry that I have not talked to you or gotten to know you.’

Jimin thought, trying to reach his soul. Mei would probably laugh at him if she knew that was how he decided to speak to it, or reach it for that matter.

“Try to control me again.” Mei told him and Jimin started singing.

His singing voice was one he was still unfamiliar with, and yet it felt as though he had been singing for his entire life. His voice was like a bell, clear as it rang out, making anyone nearby just stop and listen.

The harder part of using his powers was concentrating on what he wanted of the person he was controlling. Mei had him trying to get her to swim in a circle.

‘Please work with me’

Jimin thought again, as if his soul was actually sentient and could understand him. 

Jimin let his mind go blank except for what he was willing Mei to do and before he knew it, she was swimming in a circle.

Jimin gasped and Mei stopped, giving him a huge smile. “This time you got me to go in a full circle and not just a half! I am so proud of you, Jimin. This is amazing progress.”

Jimin beamed at her, feeling extremely confident in himself at that moment. 

“Let’s try again!”

Jimin was getting much better at using his powers. He was successful in getting Mei to turn in circles each time he tried.

She told him that his soul was finally getting comfortable with him and that he could move onto harder tasks. 

“Try to get me to walk outside of the house and then come back in.” Mei said from where they were in the kitchen. 

This was going to be a much harder task for Jimin, but he knew that he was improving and that was what mattered.

Jimin failed the first three times, but on the fourth he was able to make her leave the house, but not come back in. 

Yet, Jimin was still excited about his half success because he was managing to learn at a faster pace now.

By the seventh try, Jimin managed to accomplish the entire task. 

“There you go! Now I would like to work on farther distances with you.” Mei said and Jimin nodded his head.

If he was to use his powers in a fight, he would need to be able to do so from a distance. 

Mei left her house and told Jimin to wait three minutes before trying to get her to return. She was going to swim a bit farther from her home, and hoped that Jimin would be able to make her come back to the house.

This time, it took Jimin only three tries before he had a successful attempt. His powers were coming so much easier to him and it was only a matter of time before it was second nature, according to Mei.

“Child, the ocean is still getting used to your soul. You were gone for so long and she is confused. Let her speak to you. You must learn to understand the sea, she is trying to get to know you. Listen to what she needs to say.” Mei would tell him.

To sirens, the ocean was much more than a body of water. To them it was like a god, to them it was their entire being.

Sirens worshipped the ocean more than even the god Poseidon. They spoke to her, and let her guide them. 

Jimin was just her lost child, the missing son of the ocean.

By the day that Jimin needed to leave, he had gotten extremely good at using his voice. By now he had managed to learn how to use it from afar and to use it for multiple things.

He had finally understood what it meant to love the sea, to reach for his soul. He understood and he had become one with himself. 

Jimin had found this trip therapeutic and he had come to have a new appreciation for where he had come from, he had come to love the siren half of him. 

As for Mei, she had become so much more than a friend to Jimin. She was like a grandmother for him, someone he loved dearly and wanted to protect, and someone he knew would do anything to protect him as well.

He was almost pained knowing that he must leave her.

“Mei.” Jimin said as the two of them floated in her kitchen, together for the final time before Jimin had to leave. “Thank you for taking care of me and for teaching me to love a part of myself that I had zero connection to before. Thank you for keeping my secret safe and not judging me for my affiliations to humans. Thank you for being the siren family I never had.” 

Mei wrapped her tail around him affectionately and took him in her arms in a tight hug, holding him as close as she could. “Jimin, sweetheart, this home is always welcome to you. If you ever need anything, I will be waiting here, ready to cut you up a fresh tuna. I will be ready to listen and be someone you could rely on.”

There was something else that Jimin had been considering for the past couple days, and something that he wished to talk about with Mei. “Would it be possible if I went to Queen Yongsun and asked to become part of this colony? If I made it so I could come here freely whenever I need? I currently have no home here, I have no colony in the ocean to go to when I need it most.”

“Jimin, I would want nothing more than for you to be able to call my home yours as well. Why don’t we talk to the Queen before you go back on your journey?” Mei said, eyes shining with love and affection for the half siren.

Jimin had always wished he had somewhere to go back to when he swam, sometimes he wished he could take a break from his life as a pirate and go rest underwater for a bit, but he had never had a home where he could. He never had a colony he could call his own.

Sure, there was the Busan colony, but he had no record of ever being a part of them. He had no record of even existing. Joining the Shanghai colony would mean the world for him. It would mean the world to Mei.

The guards seemed surprised to see Mei bringing someone along with her.

“We would like to meet with Queen Yongsun.” Mei started, holding Jimin’s hands. “He would like to register as a member of this colony.”

The guards looked to Jimin with shock, it was not often that siren’s from other colonies migrated into a new one. It was seen as a huge betrayal to the original colony and sirens took territory very seriously.

The guards brought the two sirens in to meet with the Queen who was swimming around her throne room as other guards stood on duty, watching the two that had just entered.

Queen Yongsun was as beautiful as Jimin remembered. The same long blonde hair and silver crown. The same red ruby jewelry and beautiful red scales along her body.

Jimin and Mei bowed to the queen who looked at them with a fierce stare. “I hear that this one would like to join our colony. They say you hail from Busan, but you want to join here? Explain.”

Jimin’s breath was shaky from the intense look he was receiving from the Queen. “My mother is Queen Jangmi of Busan.”

There were several gasps that came from other sirens in the room, and even Queen Yongsun’s eyebrows shot up in shock. “Queen Jangmi? I have met her on a few occasions and she never mentioned having a son. Only that demigod.”

Jimin nodded, body trembling slightly from talking about this in front of so many people. “She was ashamed of my birth, as I am a half siren. She had an affair with a human and thus I was born. She hated me so much for existing that she allowed for a fisherman to come capture me when I was all but a child. I was sold into slavery on land, and only found freedom in my late teenage years when I was rescued.”

Jimin did not want to mention the fact that he was rescued by pirates as they have very bad reputations with sirens. 

Queen Yongsun’s face was one of disgust and it worried Jimin immensely. She sighed. “This… I do not know how that woman can call herself a Queen when that is how she treats her own child.”

Jimin’s mouth fell open. “You believe me?” 

Queen Yongsun’s eyes turned gentle as she looked upon Jimin. “You look almost identical to her now that I think about it. Why have you chosen Shanghai as your colony of choice?” 

Jimin bit his lip. “Mei has become like family to me. I came through here once a few months ago and she took me in then, and now she has helped me learn how to be a siren in the past two weeks of staying with her. I could not imagine being in a colony anywhere else.”

Queen Yongsun’s eyes shone. “Our elder Mei has always taken on the role of helping others so I am not surprised you have taken such a liking to her. I accept your offer to join this colony.”

Jimin nearly lost his balance in surprise. “A-ah, well, there’s just one more thing.” Jimin cleared his throat at the Queen’s questioning look. 

“I spend most of my time on land with humans. I would never allow humans to disturb the lives of sirens or for them to know where the sirens are living. I am telling this so you know I will not live here permanently, but only when I am seeking the comfort of the ocean.”

There was murmuring throughout the other siren’s in the room and Jimin suddenly felt even more nervous than before.

Queen Yongsun nodded slowly. “I understand. I still would like to accept you into our colony. You have come through here before and have never shown any harm to the sirens here, and on top of that Mei trusts you. I trust her judgement more than any other siren I know, and if she brought you here personally to get you to join us, then I believe you are going to fit in our colony very well.”

Jimin bowed deeply. “Thank you so much, my Queen.” 

She nodded at him, and swam over. “I must give you the mark of our colony now.”

Sirens who are in a colony bear the mark of it right over their hearts, so that any other siren would know where they are from, and so if they have traveled and returned to their colony, they are let in with no questions asked.

Jimin had seen Queen Yongsun’s mark on the other sirens that lived in the Shanghai colony and he quite liked it a lot. It was two mermaid silhouettes, wrapped around each other lovingly. Jimin thought it represented the warmth that the people living in the colony had. The love that they shared.

Jimin nodded at the Queen who put her palm over his heart. “It is going to hurt.”

Jimin had never been given a mark before, his mother never bothering to. He had no idea what to expect.

There was an intense burning sensation where her palm was, Jimin gasped in pain. It felt like his skin was searing, melting away.

Jimin whimpered as the Queen kept her palm placed over his heart for a few more seconds that felt way too long for him.

Finally, she released him and smiled at the mark. “Welcome to our colony, Jimin of Shanghai.”

Jimin had said goodbye to everyone after that and decided that it was now time for him to head off to Hanyang. He was to meet the others at Byeongkwan’s village at any point, and then leave for the palace the following day with everyone. 

Jimin swam through the ocean with ease, somehow much lighter than when he had swam to Shanghai just two weeks ago. He felt as though he understood the ocean better, the flow, the glide, the other creatures that inhabited her.

Jimin felt at peace with himself, he finally belonged somewhere as both a siren and a human. He had two places he could now call home.

It took some time to find Byeongkwan’s village. The demigod radiated a lot of energy that Jimin now knew how to become in tune with. He had been able to lock onto Byeongkwan’s aura and find his way to the village.

He had felt Hoseok’s aura a bit further out and thought that the crew would arrive later around evening rather than afternoon like Jimin.

That was fine, Jimin could catch up with Byeongkwan.

Jimin trudged his way out of the water and up onto the rocky shore, his tail flapping around trying to hoist himself up.

He changed into his human form and realized that he lacked clothes. Byeongkwan would have some he could wear, but it would be very awkward walking to his home in this state.

Jimin sighed but did so anyway, walking up to Byeongkwan’s door and knocking.

Byeongkwan’s cottage was a cream white color with a dark oak door. There was smoke billowing out of a chimney from the roof and Jimin thought it must be so cozy inside.

The door opened just a crack and Jimin heard Byeongkwan scream before slamming the door shut. “What the fuck! Why are you naked!?”

Jimin sighed. He should have known that the demigod would give him trouble. “Byeongkwan, can you let me in and give me some clothes?”

Jimin heard some shuffling on the other side of the door before it opened again, revealing the son of Hecate. “Why the hell are you at my house and why the hell are you naked? Explain immediately.”

Jimin laughed. “I swam here from Shanghai in my mermaid form and, well, don’t have clothes when I change forms. I was wondering if I could borrow some?”

Byeongkwan stared in dismay. “If you are here does that mean that the fucking pirates are around too?”

Jimin winced. “They’re on their way…”

Byeongkwan grumbled curses. “When he said he was going to visit I did not think it would be only three

weeks after I last saw him. I just got home after this shit, and what do you know, pirates are back at my door again.”

“Byeongkwan, please let me in. I am naked and freezing.”

The demigod rolled his eyes but relented. “I’ll bring you some clothes, go sit down.”

Byeongkwan’s cottage was very simple, but well lived in. He had herbs and potation bottles lying all over the house. 

There was a tiny living area, with bookcases lining the walls with a wood burning fireplace across from a table where one could sit and enjoy a warm cup of tea.

Jimin sat at the table and patiently waited before Byeongkwan came over and threw a hanbok at Jimin. “Here.”

Jimin put it on, the fabric clearly having been sewn by Byeongkwan himself, but it was very comfortable nonetheless. “Thank you very much.”

“Great, now tell me why you lot are invading my home

Jimin chuckled, letting the fire warm up his cold body. “We are going to assassinate the king tomorrow.”

Byeongkwan stared at Jimin without saying a word. 

“I’m going to put tea on, then I am going to really think about what you just said, and then I am going to return and you can explain.” Byeongkwan decided and Jimin saw him shuffling around in the kitchen, grumbling to himself as he gathered up a kettle and tea cups.

A moment later, Byeongkwan returned with tea for the both of them and put the kettle on the table. “It’s green tea.”

Jimin thanked him and took a sip. “Very good.”

Byeongkwan nodded. “So let me get this straight. You are all going to kill the king tomorrow?”

“Yes.” Jimin agreed.

“There is no way in hell I am joining you.” Byeongkwan said and Jimin smiled.

“I know, don’t worry. We only wanted to meet up at your cottage for the night because they would not see our ship here. We are anchoring it a bit farther off the coast, and then everyone else is going to take row boats over here.”

Byeongkwan sighed dramatically. “Well, as long as you do not expect me to join this suicide mission then I suppose this is fine. I do not have any spare bedrooms so you will all need to sleep on the floor, I do not care where, just as long as it is not in my room.”

Jimin looked around at the very limited space. “We will figure it out.”

A few hours later there was another knock on the door and Byeongkwan cursed. “Fuck they’re here already.”

Jimin watched as the demigod walked over to the door and cracked it open just as he had done earlier. 

“I fucking hate all of you,” Byeongkwan stated after seeing Hoseok through the crack.

“Please let us in.” Jimin heard Hoseok say and Byeongkwan scowled but opened the door anyway, letting the six pirates come inside the small cottage.

“Here are my rules. Do not fucking touch anything and do not go into my room. There is no bed for any of you so you must sleep on the floor. I don’t care where, as long as it is not anywhere near me.” Byeongkwan stated as he had done with Jimin and Hoseok laughed nervously.

“Alright. Thank you for letting us into your home.” 

“Whatever.” Byeongkwan said. 

The night was brutal for all seven of the pirates. Byeongkwan had retired to sleep in his bed and the rest of them attempted to figure out where to sleep on the floor. 

“Do you mind if I use your stomach as a pillow?” Yoongi asked Hoseok who shook his head.

“I want you to be as comfortable as possible so that you sleep well and do not feel sore tomorrow.” Hoseok responded. 

Tomorrow was the big day, the day that Yoongi was going to kill his father.

None of them were quite sure what would happen once the king died, they were not sure if the guards would continue to fight them, or if Yoonsuk would do something. It was all a mystery to them, but it was also part of the thrill.

Tomorrow, Yoongi will be free, officially. 

Yoongi rested his head against Hoseok's stomach and took a deep breath. Hoseok reached over and put a hand where he could reach Yoongi's forearm. 

“It is going to be okay, my love. We can get through this.” 

Yoongi was silent for a moment before responding. “I really hope so.”

The night was terrible. None of them got much sleep between the hard floor and the thoughts of what was to come, so when the sun rose, they were quite thankful that it was over with.

Now, to get through the rest of the day.

Byeongkwan forced all of them to do his morning chores as payment for his lovely hosting services.

They cleaned around his house and cooked breakfast and lunch for everyone. 

At least it let them distract themselves for just a moment. 

By late afternoon Hoseok announced that they needed to start heading out. 

“If we leave now, by the time we arrive at the palace, it will be night.” Hoseok said, looking at the position of the sun in the sky.

Everyone agreed, tensions high. Still, they all thanked Byeongkwan for letting them stay.

“I may not particularly like any of you, but I also don’t think I would like it if you died. So stay alive, or whatever.” Were the demigod’s parting words.

To them, it was like a confession of love from the otherwise grumpy boy. 

Bushwhacking through the woods was almost as tiresome as sleeping on Byeongkwan’s floor. Vines and thrones jumped out at them, and roots caused them to trip over themselves.

The forest was unkind, not appreciating the large group of people wandering through an otherwise inhabited spot.

Jimin took the time to explain to everyone what had happened when he was with Mei and about how he joined the Shanghai colony.

Jimin had been nervous at first, worried that the crew would think Jimin had replaced them. That was never the case, Jimin loved them too much.

Yet, the response was overjoyed. Taehyung had leaped into Jimin’s arms giving him a tight hug, and Jungkook had requested to see the mark of the colony.

Namjoon and Seokjin had each pressed a kiss to Jimin’s lips, congratulating him and asking to one day meet Mei if she ever felt comfortable coming near the ship.

Jimin said he would ask next time they visited Shanghai as a crew.

Yoongi, on the other hand, was overcome with nerves. It was quite different thinking about killing your own father, and then going to actually do it.

He hated his father so much, more than anyone else in the entire world. Yet, he still wondered at the back of his mind if he was wrong to do so.

Yoongi’s guilty conscience rang strong, but he pushed those thoughts aside. He needed this, he needed it so badly.

Ever since he had been a young boy Yoongi dreamed about standing over his father’s dead body one day. 

It might sound disturbing to some, but Yoongi had craved it. Craved to see the king dead and gone.

After many hours, the sun had started to disappear behind the horizon and large shadows of trees started to loom in front of them as the daylight was replaced by the dark.

But up ahead, the palace was shining in all its glory, and they were getting closer and closer with each step.

Finally, they reached the gate. A long cement wall that protected the palace grounds from the outside world, they just needed to head further to the right and they would be at the entrance. It was time for the plan to commence. 

“Hongjoong.” Yoongi whispered and the ghost appeared in front of him, with a smile adorning his translucent face.

“At your service, my prince.” 

Yoongi felt so much adoration for the ghost, he was so thankful for the help that Hongjoong had given him for so long.

“It’s time. Go see Lee Taemin and tell him the plan.” Yoongi said, voice hushed.

Hongjoong nodded and disappeared, but Yoongi knew he was just traveling discreetly through the palace grounds to where Taemin would be.

Hongjoong floated fast through the grounds, knowing the palace like the back of his hand. He had spent so much of his life there, it had been his home.

He located Taemin’s demigod energy in the performer’s building, but something was off. Normally, the performers were free to go to and from as they pleased, but there were guards there, standing in front, faces strict.

It must be for Taemin. After all, it would have been problematic for him to come back off of Captain Hope’s ship. Hongjoong knew that the King would be suspicious.

Hongjoong floated past them as they were unable to see them and into the small building. Taemin was chatting with some other boys, and Hongjoong was not sure how he was going to do this without causing anyone fright. 

“Taemin.” Hongjoong whispered in the boy’s ear, still invisible to everyone.

Taemin flinched, looked around frantically. “Did anyone hear that?” 

The other boys looked confused and told Taemin just that.

“My name is Hongjoong and I have come to see you from Min Yoongi.” Hongjoong said again and Taemin’s body relaxed as soon as the name of his prince had been said.

“Sorry, it was just the wind.” Taemin said, but Hongjoong knew he was listening and just trying to play it off to the other boys. 

“We have come to kill the king. If you would please put on the performance of your life pretending as though you have suddenly become possessed by black magic. We need the distraction.” Hongjoong murmured.

“Okay.” Taemin said under his breath.

One of the other boys gave him a weird look. “Did you say something?”

Taemin gave him a look of complete fear before letting out the worst blood curdling scream Hongjoong had ever heard in his entire life and afterlife combined.

What a pair of lungs that boy had!

Guards rushed into the room at full speed, but Taemin was still going. He doubled over and convulsed on the ground, continuing to screech. 

“It’s the black magic!” One of the guards yelled, his voice almost unheard from the absolute pitch of Taemin’s screaming. “We need to alert the other guards immediately.”

Too easy, Hongjoong thought, before heading back to where the pirates were.

There was absolute silence after Hongjoong left to go find Taemin. The group of pirates did not want to make even a sound.

None of them risked even moving.

It took what felt like hours until they heard a scream in the distance. 

Yoongi thought it must have been Taemin, and what an excellent job he was doing.

They just needed to wait for Hongjoong to arrive for the rest of the plan to get into action. 

The ghost appeared right next to Yoongi. “He is doing an excellent job! You can even hear him from here, huhu.”

Yoongi nodded. “Now you just need to take Jungkook onto the other side.”

Hongjoong looked to Jungkook who actually seemed a bit nervous. “Don’t worry, kid. Most of the guards were too freaked out by Taemin and ran to see what was going on. Let’s get you across that wall.”

Hongjoong walked up to Jungkook and let their energy intertwine, focusing on sending Jungkook to the otherside. 

It always took so much out of the ghost, but sure enough, Jungkook transported over successfully.

Jungkook took in his surroundings, he was in an all black outfit, so he blended in with the wall. Guards were running all over the place, many heading over to see what was going on with Taemin who was still screaming like his god damn life depended on it.

They truly owed him for that.

Jungkook noted two guards that had stayed posted at the gate entrance. It was going to be a bit difficult because he needed to be able to knock them out right away, rather than just stabbing them or injuring them somehow. 

If they made any noise indicating something was happening to them, the plan would be in jeopardy,

Jungkook snuck around, sticking to the wall where nobody could see him. Luckily the guards did seem peeved by what was going on, and that would work in Jungkook’s favor. 

The wall was his best bet. 

Jungkook took a deep, silent breath, and lunged forward, wrapping his arm around the neck of a guard and throwing his head at the wall. 

The guard crumpled to the ground, knocked out completely. 

Jungkook did not have time to celebrate, because the other guard, who truly had been caught off guard, finally realized what was happening and was about to yell out for help.

Jungkook, however, was faster. All his years living on the streets had nothing on trained palace guards.

Jungkook kicked at the guard, right in the chin, and sent him flying down, out of commission.

He needed to open the gate before either of them woke back up.

Jungkook pushed it open with all of his might, and thankfully it started to creak open. The door was loud, and this was an extreme disadvantage. 

Yoongi and Hoseok pulled the gate from the other side and they got the gate open completely. The six pirates rushed inside and Yoongi called on the other ghosts he had at his will.

“Split up!” The Crown Prince whispered, and the pirates ran off into the teams they had decided on the two weeks before.

Namjoon, Jimin, and Seokjin ran towards Yoonsuk’s quarters along with three ghosts named Wooyoung, San, and Jongho. 

They had been acquainted with their palace teams throughout the two weeks leading up to the assassination on the ship, so everyone knew how to work together.

They thought that it would be best to send Namjoon to see Yoonsuk because the prince would at least recognize Namjoon from his childhood. Overall, it worked best that way.

Plus, it would look as those there was going to be an assassination attempt on Yoonsuk, and not the King. It would be a cause for confusion.

Guards were already starting to swarm them, but the ghosts worked their best to send them flying away in another direction. 

All seven of the pirates made it seem like they were going towards the courtroom at first before splitting off to do what each team needed done.

There were not as many guards as there should have been originally, but Taemin’s distraction had worked well enough where a lot of the guards had gone over to the performance building and had left their original stations.

They would only be lucky for so long because soon the guards would get the news of what really was happening at the palace. 

Yoonsuk’s quarters were off to the side of the palace, on the upper right corner of the royal court.

The six of them ran as fast as they could, the ghosts doing everything in their power to help. Arrows were being shot from all directions, and things were starting to get dangerous as the guards seemed to figure out where they were going.

“Hold on! Let me try something!” Jimin screamed. He was extremely nervous to try using his powers on so many people at once as he had only done one at a time before.

But he knew he could do it, he trusted himself.

Jimin asked internally as he started to sing.

Guards ran in all directions, dropping their weapons, hitting each other, and falling over.

Jimin kept singing, and the five of them kept running.

“Jimin, don’t stop!” Seokjin screamed, but Jimin was so concentrated that he barely heard what Seokjin had said. 

The royal quarters was a huge building with two rooms situated on the inside. Yoonsuks on one side, and Yoongi’s on the other.

Namjoon was extremely familiar with it.

“Jimin and Seokjin, stay out front and keep singing. I’m going inside to speak to Yoonsuk.” Namjoon yelled.

Seokjin agreed, but he and Namjoon exchanged worried looks, not knowing how long Jimin would be able to continue for.

Namjoon walked through the hallway and past cowering women who were only servants that worked for the current Crown Prince.

“It’s okay. I am not going to kill him.” Namjoon spoke, voice gentle. 

He slid the door to Yoonsuk’s room open and the Prince was already standing up inside, thrusting a sword at Namjoon.

“Who are you and what are you doing here?”

Namjoon tried to remain calm, but his nerves were through the roof. He had expected Yoonsuk to be asleep. “My name is Kim Namjoon, I knew you when you were a child.”

Yoonsuk’s frown deepened, his eyebrows furrowed, but the sword remained pointed at Namjoon’s neck. “So? What is this, are you planning to assassinate me? Are you under the spell of black magic as well?”

Namjoon sighed, of course the King would lie to his own son, of course. “There was never any black magic controlling Yoongi! Your father made that up to make people turn against our Captain. Yoongi left the palace of his own free will, and joined Hoseok to face a threat a few months back. The two of them ended up falling in love.”

Yoonsuk was sweating. “Liar!”

“I’m not lying! You know how much Yoongi hated his father, we both saw the abuse he went through! Your Highness, please believe me.”

Yoonsuk pushed the tip of the sword against Namjoon’s skin. “Then why are you here now? To kill me? Does Yoongi suddenly want the throne after all this time?”

“No!” Namjoon yelled back. “He doesn’t want you dead, just the king! He wants nothing to do with the throne, he just wants revenge!”

Yoonsuk’s breath was shaky, as well as the hand holding up the sword. “He doesn’t want to kill me?”

Namjoon could have cried. “He loves you, Your Highness. He would never want you dead.”

“He…” Yoonsuk’s stern face crumbled as the Prince fell to the floor. “He loves me?”

Namjoon squatted down in front of him. “He would never want to hurt you.”

Tears fell freely from the Prince’s face to the floor. Namjoon thought that perhaps Yoongi had not been the only one affected by the king for so long.

Jungkook and Taehyung fought for their lives. Their main goal was to hold off guards between the royal quarters and the king’s quarters while everyone else did their part. They were not having any trouble from the royal quarter’s section, very weirdly, so they focused all their energy on the guards running around the King’s quarters.

There were so many, coming from all directions. Their ghosts were named Yunho, Yeosang, and Mingi and the three ghosts fought just as strong as the two human pirates.

It was not long before the three ghosts that were supposed to be with Namjoon teamed up with them. 

“What are you doing here? Go back to help them!” Jungkook screamed as he plunged his sword through a guard’s stomach.

One of the ghosts, San, spoke up. “The siren is using his powers and everything over there is controlled! We came here to help.” 

Jungkook and Taehyung accepted that answer and continued the fight. They had no time to question anyone, plus having three extra ghosts made things so much easier.

Jungkook saw Yoongi and Hoseok out of the corner of his eye manage to get to the King’s quarters. 

Jungkook continued fighting, he would fight until he was dead if it meant Yoongi could get his revenge.

Hoseok was barbaric, and absolutely insane. Yoongi watched the man kill any person that even tried to come close to Yoongi, the pirate waving his sword around methodically and with a type of courage he had never seen in him before.

Blood was everywhere, it was sticking to his skin, to the grass, and to Hoseok’s sword. It could practically be dripping from the sky like rain with the amount of people that Hoseok was killing.

Yoongi would consider it a bit alarming, but he knew Hoseok just wanted Yoongi to be safe.

Hongjoong and Seonghwa helped out Hoseok, taking out the guards that were too scared to go near the pirates.

Yoongi watched with amazement, but he couldn’t stare for too long, he had other things to do.

Finally, they reached the King’s quarters. 

“Go!” Hoseok screamed at Yoongi, his hair red and wet, Yoongi did not even want to think about how bloody the man was.

Yoongi barged into the quarters and saw about ten servant girls, all shaking with fear. 

“It’s okay.” Yoongi told them. “You will be safe soon.”

None of the servants even tried to stop him, they all just watched as he slid the door to the King’s room open.

Min Yoongi, his royal highness the crown prince.

He looked fucking terrifying.

His hair had been tied up into a high bun, similarly to how he would have as prince. His hair had gotten quite long over the months since he had cut it.

He wore a black and golden hanbok, hand made by Seokjin.

Blood dripped down his face, and his scar was frighteningly white as it covered the half of his face. 

The King sat up suddenly in his bed, staring at Yoongi with a look of fear that Yoongi wanted to drown himself in.

The King himself looked disheveled, his sleeping robe slipping off, and his hair a mess. 

Yoongi laughed. “Hello, dear father. I have come to kill you.”

The King glared, but the fear was still evident in his soulless eyes. “So do it.”

There was silence as the two stared between each other. 

Screams were heard from outside along with the clanging noise of swords hitting other swords.

Yoongi smirked, taking his own sword out and holding it in front of him. “Dear Father. I have come back to haunt you.”

Yoongi stepped next to the bed, looking down at his weak father who had nothing to protect himself with. “I would like to take a moment to torture you in the way that you deserve, but I fear I am short on time. Hades will deal with you appropriately, I’m sure.”

“I hope you see my dead body every single time you close your eyes, and remember the sins you have comminited against your own flesh and blood.” The king spat out.

Yoongi giggled. “I hope I do.”

He raised the sword up and brought it down, fast, going right through the King’s stomach and right down into the mattress of the bed he had been on.

Blood soaked underneath, the mattress letting it in like a sponge.

The King choked, blood coming out of his mouth, but Yoongi wasn’t done. 

“Whoops, I missed. Sorry. Let me try again.” Yoongi ripped the sword out of his father and held it up to his neck. 

The King Just stared at him, bleeding out, groaning in pain.

Yoongi could have honestly just left him there to die by blood loss, but that was not enough. He had to do the final hit. He had to finish him off himself.

Yoongi sliced through the King’s neck, his sharp sword cutting through like putty.

The King did not even have a chance to scream, his last breath done from choking on blood.

The lifeless body fell flat on the blood soaked bed and Yoongi just stared, emotionless. 

The sword dropped to the ground, and Yoongi continued to stare.

His hand that had held the sword was trembling, and Yoongi felt light headed.

He had killed the king, he had gotten his revenge.

“The..” Yoongi whispered and then cleared his throat. He took a deep shaky breath before screaming with all his might.

“THE KING IS DEAD.”

Tears fell down Yoong’s face involuntarily. “THE KING IS DEAD.”

Yoongi kept screaming, he kept telling the world that the king was dead. That he had done it, he had killed the king.

Nobody even entered the room, there was silence outside.

Yoongi picked up his sword from the floor and held it limply to his side as he left the room his own father had died in.

The servants on the other side stood frozen, staring at Yoongi. 

Yoongi did not even look at them, he just headed towards the exit of the building. 

Hoseok was on the other side of the door, breathing heavily, but looking expectantly at Yoongi.

“You… You did it.” Hoseok managed to say in between breaths. 

Bodies were scattered along the palace grounds but the ones that were still alive, bowed the moment Yoongi had appeared.

“ALL HAIL HIS MAJESTY, THE KING, MIN YOONGI.”

Yoongi let in a sharp intake of breath as more guards joined in the chanting. 

Why were they calling him the King?

Yoongi barely registered when Namjoon and Yoonsuk ran over to them, tears streaming down Yoonsuk’s face.

Yoongi looked at his brother, who was still crying. “Yoonsuk. I killed our father.”

Yoonsuk gripped onto Yoongi’s arms. “You.. You killed him. You’re king.”

Yoongi didn’t understand.

Why was everyone saying that?

“I don’t understand.”

Yoonsuk bowed on his knees in front of Yoongi, who continued to stand there without emotion. “All hail his majesty, the King, Min Yoongi.”

“Yoonsuk, what?”

Yoonsuk repeated himself, continuing to stay bowed in front of Yoongi.

“But I don’t want to be king, I don’t understand.” 

“My love.” Hoseok spoke up, taking Yoongi’s hands in his own and squeezing tight. “You killed the King and you were the Crown Prince.”

It was all too much, Yoongi was so light headed. What was Hoseok saying?

Yoongi’s vision started deteriorating, it was starting to look like a blur as white took over the majority of his sight, before he fell over completely, passing out on the palace grounds.

Yoongi woke up to see sunlight streaming in through the window. He was in his room, the servants must have been running around trying to get him ready for the day. 

Yoongi rolled over in his bed and rolled onto someone else. 

Who would possibly be in his bed?

Yoongi was not allowed to have anyone stay the night, his father had forbidden it and all the servants knew to check beforehand.

Yoongi gasped, sitting upright. 

Why was he in his room…?

He had left the palace, he had run away, he had joined a pirate ship.

He had fallen in love.

So why was he in his old room at the palace, and why was Jung Hoseok sleeping next to him as if nothing was wrong?

Flashes from the night prior ran through his head. Flashes of blood splattering all over, flashes of his blade being plunged into his father, flashes of people bowing down to him calling him the King…

Yoongi shook his head, gripping the sheets tightly with his shaky fingers. 

“Hoseok.” Yoongi shook the sleeping man next to him in a panic. “Hoseok, wake up.”

The pirate groaned, blinking his eyes awake wearily. “Huh? Oh, love, go back to sleep, it's still early and I’m tired.”

Yoongi scowled and continued to shake him. “Hoseok, you need to explain what happened. Hoseok, wake up.”

Hoseok sighed and opened his eyes fully, looking up at his beloved. “Hm?”

“I do not remember what happened after I… After I killed him.” Yoongi shivered.

Hoseok sat up and wrapped his arms around Yoongi, putting his chin to rest on Yoongi’s shoulder. “You were still the active Crown Prince. Well, technically I suppose your father had chosen Yoonsuk after you left, but you made quite an impact on the palace officials and they decided they want you.” 

“No.” Yoongi shook his head dismissing the idea completely. “What happened last night? Please explain everything.”

Hoseok pressed a kiss to Yoongi’s cheek. “You came out from the King’s quarters and you looked terrifying, my love. You had come out, and announced your father’s death. The guards started bowing to you as the new King and even Yoonsuk who had come running over, bowed to you as well. Then you passed out and, well, I might have freaked out a bit, haha, I thought you might have been injured.”

Hoseok licked his lips and Yoongi chuckled, thinking about what that might have been like for Hoseok to think he was hurt.

“Well, then Taehyung said you must have just passed out from shock because there were no injuries on you. Yoonsuk said that we should bring you to your old bedroom to sleep and that we would figure out everything when the morning came.”

Yoongi nodded his head, thinking everything over. “Was anyone from our crew hurt?”

“After Namjoon talked to Yoonsuk, your brother had gotten a good majority of the guards to stop attacking, he kept saying that the black magic claim was false and they decided to believe him. Jungkook got a nasty stab wound on his leg, but one of the palace healers stitched it up after I brought you here to sleep.”

“This is a lot to take in.” Yoongi said and Hoseok squeezed him tight in his arms.

“I know. I guess we should get ready and see what is going on outside.” Hoseok kissed Yoongi’s lips and got out of bed, offering a hand to help Yoongi up.

The palace grounds were a mess, to say the least. It was clear to Yoongi that some of the servants had done their best to clean up, but there was only so much you could do after the absolute terror that had gone on.

The crew had worked hard to defend themselves, and them being safe mattered most to Yoongi.

“I think we should just burn it.” Yoongi heard what sounded like Yoonsuk saying to someone. 

Yoongi followed the voice and saw Yoonsuk talking to a very flustered looking official. 

“Sir, what about tradition?” The official responded, irritated.

Yoongi walked over to them, the official bowed deep to Yoongi’s presence, and Yoonsuk smiled at him. “Good morning, I see you are feeling better?”

Yoongi looked at his baby brother, who must have been about 26 years old now, only two years younger than Yoongi. “What are you talking about?”

Yoonsuk grimaced. “They want to have a proper ceremony for our father, but I proposed we just burn down the entire King’s quarters with him in it.”

Yoongi shuddered, not even wanting to know what that building must look like after the night before. “Burn it.” 

The official clearly wanted to argue, but as of that moment, Yoongi was being treated as the active King and decided to follow his orders. “Yes, your majesty.”

The official walked away, as fast as possible.

Yoongi looked carefully at his younger brother. “Yoonsuk, can we talk?”

Yoonsuk looked a bit uncomfortable, but nodded anyway. He hadn’t had a proper conversation with Yoongi since before Yoongi had left the palace, but even when they had lived together, the brothers had not been close. 

“Somewhere private.” Yoongi said and led Yoonsuk to a building just below the royal quarters, it was the old classroom where he and Yoonsuk had taken classes growing up. 

Nobody would be currently in the building.

“I don’t want to be King.” Was the first thing that Yoongi said to Yoonsuk. “You have always been more successful than me, and I want you to take the position.”

“No.” Yoonsuk said, not even stopping to think.

The two brothers stared at each other.

“Yoonsuk, everyone always said you would be the better choice and I am here offering it to you.” Yoongi tried again.

“No.” Yoonsuk said once more.

Yoongi was a bit frustrated. “Why not? Have you not always wanted this? When we were younger you used to call me lucky for being the Crown Prince, you used to envy me.”

Yoonsuk looked fondly at his older brother. “Sure, the people within the palace loved me. The nobles, the teachers, and our parents wanted me to be King. Do you know why I’ve always been envious of you, though? The

love you. The servants adored you, the guards always wanted to spar with you, the town folk throughout the entire country loved you. I do not think you realized what your death had done to the palace. Our father did not allow any time for mourning, but the people did it anyway. They wore white funeral robes for a

Yoongi. Our father was furious. You have what I never could, the love of the common folk. And that is why I think you should be King.” 

Yoongi was shocked. He had no clue about what Yoonsuk had said. He knew the common folk loved him, but he did not know how long they had mourned him for. He had not thought anyone cared.

“Yoonsuk.” Yoongi said. “You did so well in all of the military training classes, you did so well in the etiquette classes. You are amazing at talking to other leaders, and you are what people think of when they see a King. It is ideal for you to take on that role. Also,”

Yoongi paused, fiddling with his fingers.

“I, uh, fell in love with that pirate Captain. The people don’t want someone like me to be King. Besides, I want to sail with him. I would not be here for long periods of time. I want to be on the water with my love.”

Yoonsuk smiled at his brother, face softening. “Brother, everyone knows of your affections with the pirate. He, uh, made it very obvious after you passed out last night. They do not care, they still want you. Though, I do have a second proposition that I’ve just come up with.”

Yoongi was shocked that everyone knew and yet did not care, how could that be?

“What is your second proposition?” 

Yoonsuk looked out the window, smiling to himself. “What if you and I became dual Kings. I stay here permanently and take care of the intra-palace tasks, and you, take on foreign relations and pleasing the people. You could come visit maybe once a month, and we go over what we need to do, and then you can continue to sail with your crew. How does that sound?”

Yoongi raised his eyebrows. Truthfully, he had not wanted anything to do with being a royal, but after hearing what Yoonsuk had said about the people wanting Yoongi, he had begun to consider. Dual Kingship was not a bad idea…

“As long as everyone else is okay with this.” Yoongi finally said after a moment of thought.

Yoonsuk gripped Yoongi’s shoulder. “Thank you, brother. I am sorry we did not have a good upbringing, and I am sorry for being so distant with you before. I would like us to have a proper relationship as brothers, I have thought you hated me for so long. I always wished I could go back in time and fix our relationship. I was destroyed when you died, thinking I had lost my chance. But we are together now, and I want this.”

Yoongi took Yoonsuk into a hug, something they had not done since they were small children. “Yoonsuk, I want nothing more than to be close with you again. Our father was who tore us apart, and I wish things could have been different. Let’s do our best.”

Yoonsuk nodded into the hug, before the two brothers released each other.

“It is time to announce the news.” Yoongi said as he and Yoonsuk left the old classroom and back onto the palace grounds.

News spread fast that there was going to be a meeting in the royal court, and all the palace officials gathered inside.

Yoongi and Yoonsuk stood in front of everyone, and Yoongi would see his crew in the crowd of people that had come to listen.

Normally, outsiders were not allowed inside the royal court and it was only open to palace officials, but Yoongi wanted everyone to hear, he needed them to know.

“I have gathered you all here as your King.” Yoongi started and saw the crew grin proudly back at him. Everyone else paid rapt attention.

“My brother, his highness prince Yoonsuk and I have talked things through and we have come up with a new plan of action. We are to run this palace as a dual Kingship. Both he and I will take on the position of King, but with different tasks at hand. Yoonsuk will stay within the palace and deal with things here. I will go back with my pirate crew and continue sailing with them. I will deal with foreign affairs and communicate with the common folk to learn how we can assist them as their new leaders.”

Yoongi paused, looking at the reactions of each person in the room. What stuck out to him the most, was the absolute happiness on Hoseok’s face. Yoongi knew that Hoseok must have thought Yoongi would leave the crew to take on the duties as King. 

He would never leave Hoseok.

“Also,” Yoongi continued. “You all must know by now that Captain Jung Hoseok and I are in a romantic relationship. I will not be breaking things off and I will not marry a woman nor will I produce an heir. Yoonsuk can do as he pleases. If that bothers any of you, then just leave now because I will not be changing.”

About half of the palace officials walked out, but that was much less than Yoongi had anticipated. He had expected all of them to leave.

“The same goes for palace servants, palace guards, palace performers, and palace scholars. If my relationship bothers you, just leave. However, the pay each of you receives will be increasing greatly. What my father offered you for your work is not nearly enough and I will be compensating you all well.”

Yoongi saw a few scholars and guards walk out, but it was much less than before.

“Yoonsuk and I will do everything to be the best leaders this country has seen, we will work hard for every single person in this country no matter their status. We will be the Kings that this country needed, but did not have under my father’s rule. Thank you.”

Yoongi bowed deeply to everyone in the room and Yoonsuk followed as well.

“All hail, King Yoongi and King Yoonsuk!” Someone that sounded suspiciously like Jungkook yelled out.

The rest of the crew shouted it out next, creating a chain in the room as everyone shouted their appreciation for the new Kings of Joseon.

Afterwards, the two brothers went around and talked to as many people as they could, getting to know the people who worked for them in the palace, and letting people express concerns and things they would like to see happen.

Many people said that they were already better than the previous king, and they had just started.

Many people expressed their affections for the two brothers, welcoming them warmly.

Once everything calmed down, Yoongi knew there was still one last thing he needed to do before he left to go sail with Hoseok.

Yoongi went back inside the old classroom building and called upon his close friend Hongjoong.

The ghost appeared in front of him and bowed. “Congratulations on becoming King.”

“Thank you, Hongjoong. I wish that was why I called for you, though.” Yoongi responded.

Hongjoong smiled, his face sad. “Yes, it is time for us to say goodbye.”

“I will be forever thankful for what you have done for me. Without you, I never would have gotten to this place nor would I have become a better person. You have guided me for so long, but now, I officially grant you permanent leave.” Yoongi said, trying to hold back tears.

“You know, I complained a lot. I know I must have been annoying, but I did love every second we spent together. I am glad I had the chance to watch history happen as you took down the tyrant ruler everyone despised. I am glad I saw the beginning of your new journey. I am glad I saw you succeed. I officially accept my leave, and I hope that I do not see you in the underworld for a very long time. If you die early, I will be very mad.” Hongjoong stated, the humor lost on Yoongi who was now sobbing.

“T-Tell the others I am thankful for them as well. Hongjoong, I hope the underworld treats you well. I hope you get the vacation you always talked about wanting.”

The ghost started fading away, Yoongi finally letting him free.

“My King, make me proud.” Was the last thing Hongjoong said before disappearing completely and for good. 

“I will.” Yoongi whispered, but there was nobody there to hear him.

Yoongi and the crew stayed at the palace for a week to see things through, to get paperwork done, and to get to know the entire staff at the palace. 

Yoongi and Yoonsuk had gone down into the market and talked to each vendor, promising to listen to their concerns and help them out in the best way possible.

Yoongi finally met Seokjin’s mother and thanked her profusely for taking in Hoseok.

Yoongi also went and apologized to a certain tavern owner, who still looked absolutely terrified of him, though for different reasons this time.

Yoongi thanked Taemin for all of his hard work the night of the assassination and the demigod was quite proud of himself, claiming that he always knew his vocals would come to great use.

And the last thing they did was burn down the King’s quarters. Nobody had even stepped inside the building since the night that Yoongi had killed his father.

Nobody cared enough about the previous king.

The fire burned strong, giant flames going up into the sky, bright orange and angry. 

Yoongi thought those flames suited his father.

Hoseok had gone back to get the ship that he had asked Byeongkwan to watch before they had left. 

The ship had been anchored close enough to the shore where Byeongkwan would be able to keep track of it and make sure nothing bad happened while they were gone.

Originally, someone would have stayed on the ship while the assassination attempt would happen, but everyone wanted to be involved and help Yoongi, so they had enlisted the help of Byeongkwan. 

He said that if someone attacked the ship, he might try and protect it depending on his mood, so Hoseok really hoped that nothing bad had happened in the week they were away.

Sure enough, everything was fine.

Byeongkwan was even happy to see Hoseok, claiming that he was glad they would be leaving soon. Though, he did request Hoseok to tell Yoongi to get rid of the ban on magic.

Hoseok said he would pass along the message as they owed Byeongkwan for all he had done for them.

Hoseok took the row boat back out to the ship and sailed the ship around and into the harbor at the Hanyang market where they usually dock, and for once, the common folk were not scared to be seeing his pirate ship.

That was another thing.

Hoseok did not believe he qualified as a pirate any longer. Pirates are all about going against the rules, and doing things on purpose to mess with authority. And here Hoseok was, dating the King of an entire country.

So Hoseok made peace with his decision to now be referred to as a sailor. A feared sailor, yes, but still a sailor.

Yoongi had said he should just still call himself a pirate, but Hoseok whined and said that it went against the entire point if he was to be with Yoongi.

Yoongi had rolled his eyes, but went along with the decision, anyway.

Yoongi said goodbye to his brother and to the rest of the palace, and for once, he was excited about the next time he would return and see everyone again. 

He had made peace with his decision to be King, and he was excited to see where it would take him, may the ocean guide him on this journey.

Their first set of action was to sail along the entire coast of Joseon and head into each harbor to spread the news and meet the people. 

When they set off from the harbor in Hanyang, Yoongi waved goodbye to everyone standing at the harbor who had come to watch their King leave. They loved him so much, and it showed.

“I have something to request.” Jimin said one afternoon as they were headed towards Busan.

“What is it?” Hoseok responded as he steered the ship towards the harbor.

“My father lives in Busan and I would like to meet him.” Jimin told Hoseok.

Months ago, Seokjin and Namjoon had run into Jimin’s father while they were trying to find information about Hani in Busan. 

Jimin had said that when everything calmed down, he would like to meet the man, though he was quite nervous.

“Jimin, as long as you are comfortable and happy, you can do whatever you please.” Hoseok told the half siren who smiled back at him.

“I am going to ask Namjoon and Seokjin to come along with me.” Jimin ran off to go find them, and Hoseok smiled at the retreating figure. Jimin, who used to be skittish and full of fear, was now confident, in love, and full of happiness.

At Busan, Hoseok and Yoongi were to go around and spread the message about the two Kings, though, based on the other villages they had already visited, word of mouth had already spread the news. 

What they had been doing was asking for people to express concerns in their government and critiques so that Yoongi and Yoonsuk knew what they needed to improve upon.

Everyone had a say, the country would be nowhere without the common folk who worked their asses off just for some food.

Namjoon, Seokjin, and Jimin followed the path to where the two older pirates remembered Jimin’s father living.

Jimin’s father lived in a tiny cottage near the ocean, the village itself was made up of about 5 other cottages, all lined up on the water.

Seokjin and Namjoon brought Jimin up to the door of his father’s house, and each held his hands as the siren was overcome with nerves.

Jimin mustered up the courage and knocked on the door.

Moments later, it opened slowly, revealing a middle aged man who looked tired beyond his years. His eyes went directly to Jimin’s hair and his mouth fell open.

Jimin used to always dye his hair black, but after getting over his fear of the ocean, had let his golden hair free to show off to the rest of the world. 

“You… You’re Park Jimin?” He managed to say, tears streaming down his face already.

“You are my father, Park Junsu.” Jimin replied, his voice shaking.

“Please, come in.” Junsu said, wiping his tears and leading them inside of his home.

It was just as messy as Seokjin and Namjoon remembered, dust on every surface, random objects scattered all over the place, and a musty smell that invaded their lungs.

“Please, I apologize for the mess.. I was not expecting… When you left last time, I hadn’t thought… I never… I can’t believe that my son is actually here.” The man said, voice cracking.

“I wanted to meet you once the other things in my life got better.” Jimin told him, not knowing how exactly to talk to the man.

“I see… Last time, these two young men told me you were going to visit your mother? I don’t suppose that went very well, and I would like to apologize on her behalf and for myself. I wish I had fought her for your custody, I wish I had been there to be your father.”

The man continued to cry, his face beet red and nose runny. Jimin could not find it within himself to cry with him. Jimin had not known him.

“It is nothing you can control. My upbringing was terrible, but it got me where I am now. I am not quite sure how to speak to you, as I do not know you, but I would at least like to know what you are like as a person. I do not think I will ever see you as a father figure, and perhaps, in another life things would be different, but I am not sure how to feel right now.” Jimin said and the man nodded.

“I do not expect you to see me as your father, I was never there for you before. It is enough for me right now that I have seen you as you have grown up and I can tell that you are happy. That is all I could ever ask for.” Park Junsu said, and Jimin knew that he would be able to leave there today with his heart much lighter. He finally had the closure on his childhood that he had always needed.

“Where to next?” Hoseok asked Yoongi as they were cuddled in bed. Months had passed and they had finally finished their journey around the country, meeting as many people as they could.

“It is the first time in a year that I do not know the answer to that question.” Yoongi replied, letting himself nuzzle into Hoseok’s neck, the warmth of his beloved running through him.

“There is a wonderful festival this time of year in Hong Kong if you would like to go?” Hoseok asked, rubbing circles in Yoongi’s back, holding the King as close to himself as possible.

“Mmm, I never was able to enjoy festivals for myself growing up. I think it would be quite fun.” Yoongi replied, letting Hoseok’s movements lull him.

“Also, we have never had a chance to have a proper moment between the two of us, like, you know, as lovers. We have been so focused on trying to fix things that we never had time to act like normal people in a relationship.” Hoseok pressed his lips to Yoongi’s forehead.

“Yes, I want that.” Yoongi whispered, his voice so soft as he was about to fall asleep.

“Min Yoongi, I am very excited to spend the rest of my life with you, wherever the ocean takes us. I love you so much and I always will.” 

Yoongi chuckled, his hot breath hitting Hoseok’s neck. “Is that a marriage proposal?” 

Hoseok smiled against Yoongi’s skin. “I do not think either one of us are the marriage type of people. However, it is me saying that I would do anything for you at any time for the rest of my life. I love you that much.”

Yoongi picked his head up and kissed Hoseok’s lips. “I love you that much as well. We now have a new journey, the journey of our lives together.”

And they were going to love every second of it.

