PROLOGUEBriar Rose knew everything was wrong a week into living at the castle. If she was being honest with herself, she knew things were not right the night of her sixteenth birthday. A ball was thrown in celebration of her surviving until her sixteenth birthday. Surviving. Rose was cursed at birth, something she did not know of until she woke to find Prince Philip’s face hovering over her own. She didn’t know why she was asleep in that tower. The last thing she remembered was that Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather had left her alone in a room in the castle. She was thinking about how desperately cold the room felt with its stone walls and high ceiling.  She missed the cottage. She missed the forest. She wasn’t thinking about the boy she met earlier that day at all. She was thinking about how she was a princess and her whole world had turned upside down.    Rose learned that her aunts were really not her aunts at all- they weren’t even human. Aunt Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather were fairies, something Rose didn’t even know existed in the world.  And that night, Rose danced with Prince Philip, which was absolutely divine. She felt as if she was flying, her feet barely touching the ground, as he swung her around on the ballroom floor where dignitaries from far and wide watched entranced.Earlier that day, Philip had snuck up on her in the forest, back when she thought he was simply a village boy and not a prince at all. She was surprised when he came upon her dancing and singing to herself with the forest animals prancing amongst her feet. Even though she didn’t know anyone outside of her aunts, she wasn’t frightened. He had a kind face. That was what she remembered most about him. He had a kind face because he was kind.He didn’t deserve what she did to him.Rose left two notes. One for her parents, King Stefan and Queen Leah. Though they tried desperately to accept Rose as their own daughter, to begin raising her as a true princess, Rose faltered. She couldn’t tell the difference between the different sized spoons and when to use them at dinner, didn’t know how to address the fellow members of the aristocracy (she made the blunder of curtsying to the maid or footman one too many times and outright ignoring a visiting king), and she hated wearing shoes and never did so whenever she could. She played with the children in the surrounding villages, chatted away with beggars, and spent hours upon hours planting flowers alongside the gardeners. She could see the exasperation on the king’s face and the disappointment in the queen’s eyes every time she returned to the palace with the hem of her gown brown with dirt and sweat plastering her hair and making it stick out in odd ends. Rose would never be the princess, the daughter, they wanted. The second note was for Philip explaining why she couldn’t be with him. If she could not survive as a princess, she never would as his queen. She watched what her mother did day in and out, sitting quietly embroidering elaborate patterns into miles and miles of unending fabric. Rose asked once what the queen was doing, and she said she was making a tablecloth. Later, when Rose asked again when she saw the queen begin a new project, she said she was now decorating some curtains. To Rose’s disappointment, it was always a tablecloth, curtain, bedspread, or pillow that needed to be decorated. It was an unending chore where Rose joined her mother and spent hours hunched over her thread and needle until it felt as if her back would break and her eyes would stay permanently crossed. She could take no more.  It tore her heart to write the letter to Philip, but if she was to be free of the royal life, she would need to be free of him as well. She kissed the letter before sealing it and disappearing into the night.

CHAPTER ONEMaribelle watched the redheaded boy tuning his lute as she picked up the dirty bowls and mugs from a nearby table and carried them back to the counter. It was a little after noon and luncheon was slow as many of the villagers planned on coming to The Gray Stag later in the evening for the performance. The boy in the corner would be performing, an event that no one dared to miss. Maribelle sighed and Emile, the barkeep and tavern owner, smirked at her.“No luck today lass?”“He hasn’t even looked at me once,” she said with a pout. “Maybe he ain’t interested. I know it is hard to believe.” Maribelle blanched and Emile laughed a little harder. The boy looked up from the corner to see what was so amusing. Maribelle blushed brightly and slapped Emile across the arm with the dishrag she was using to wipe down the counters. “Go offer him another ale,” he said. “On the house. He would be dense not to understand your meaning.”Maribelle quickly filled a clean mug and walked over to the table. She could feel Emile’s eyes, filled with amusement, bore down into the back of her head.  “Another drink?” she asked. The young man who sat there, with the bright shock of curly red hair, light freckled face, was the most beautiful man that Maribelle had seen come through the tavern in a long while. Though the boy wasn’t tall, nor very old (he couldn’t have been much older than Maribelle’s own sixteen years), the boy had a look in his eyes that set him apart from any other young man that had come courting Maribelle in the last two years. His violet eyes were steady and serious, as if they looked upon the world with care and not with frivolity as other boys his age. It made him seem older, more mature, than his actual years.    What set him apart the most was that he seemed completely disinterested in Maribelle. And, Maribelle knew that her glass did not lie. Her black hair was long and thick and curled at the ends and never tangled. Her eyes were a bright green and many men have said they reminded them of a warm, spring day. And, her best asset, she thought as she leaned forward towards Jacques, dipping low, were her plump breasts that she corseted tightly so that they pushed upwards and forward. Every man she served looked not at her face when they spoke to her. All except Jacques. He didn’t even look up from his lute as he strummed it idly, his eyes looking out of the window into the middle distance.Maribelle frowned and leaned forward even more, her breasts straining against her blouse. “Jacques, would you like another drink?” Still no response. Did he not see her? She reached across the table as if to wipe some wet stain on the table though there was nothing there. Suddenly, Maribelle shrieked and tipped forward and onto Jacques’s lap. The ale she carried went flying across the table drenching them both.  Jacques leaped to his feet, grabbing Maribelle by the shoulders and holding her away from him.“I am so sorry,” Maribelle said as she heard an eruption of laughter coming from Emile across the room. “No, it’s okay,” Jacques said, his voice low. Maribelle reached for a clean dishrag tucked in her apron and began to wipe off Jacques’s tunic. Jacques snatched it away from her and finished himself, his face so red that it matched the hair on his head. Maribelle felt that hers must have burned even brighter. Rose swung her lute over her shoulder and headed out the tavern door. She was still sticky with ale, but beated a quick retreat instead of returning upstairs to her room to clean up. She had ignored the barmaid’s overtures all the past evening and this morning, but the latest stunt was too close. Rose breathed a sigh of relief when the barmaid made no mention of her taped down breasts.It happened in every village she stopped at. Girls would throw themselves at her. In this case, quite literally. Rose smiled wryly at the thought. Despite being disguised as Jacques, men would also pursue her and it took a bit more effort to shake them loose. Rose took in a deep, cleansing breath. Pine Hollow was a small village in the country of Staiton near the border of both Liyonne and Valenris. As its namesake, the village was surrounded by pine trees, creating a sharp, clean scent that filled the air year round. The Fleur Chantante Circus, the performing troupe that Rose was formerly a member of, often traveled through Pine Hollow as it was known as a safe harbor for gypsies. They welcomed strangers, particularly performers, as they did not see much entertainment so far from the main road. It would be time to leave soon, go onto the next village or town. But, Rose found that after five years, her feet felt sluggish below her. For the first time, she did not know where to go.  No, that wasn’t true. She knew where she needed to go. She was just too much of a coward to do so.So she kept wandering from village to village, town to town, until, what? Until her death? Rose shook her head. No, it won’t come to that. I will find my courage before then.The dark mood was unusual for Rose. Most days, she found joy in playing, in performing for the villagers or whatever audience she could gather with her lute, bringing just a small bit of music and magic into their lives. But, today, she couldn’t stop thinking about Philip and what could have been.It was because Emile had told her that the king and queen had given birth to a baby boy. A prince. She could have been that queen. The boy could have been her child, the heir to the throne. She felt a pang of regret in her heart. The whole kingdom was rejoicing except for her.Rose shouldered her lute and turned to glimpse a gaggle of girls waving coyishly at her from across the plaza. Rose groaned inwardly but smiled back and gave them a small wave before making her way to them. The girls squealed in delight as she approached. It didn’t do to upset the customer.Maric whistled at the bartender. The older man frowned and walked over. “Another one?”Maric grinned widely. He knew he had one too many but it was a day of celebration. He had killed a nest of giant rats that were eating all the chickens and goats and terrorized one child from a farm just outside Pine Hollow. The farmer whose child was maimed prostrated himself in front of Maric in thanks, but could not provide any coin as a reward. Instead, Maric left with a bag of potatoes, enough to feed him for three days.It was better than nothing.  The bartender poured him another mug of warm ale. To his delight earlier, it had the hint of something sweet like elderberry honey unlike the swill that tasted of piss in many of the other taverns he patronized over the years. It was delicious, but after the fifth mug, he could barely tell how it tasted anymore.The Gray Stag tavern and inn was the only of its kind in Pine Hollow. The village was too small and too far from the main road to cater to more than a few travelers at a time. From Maric’s best guess, there were probably four rooms upstairs for guests and the innkeeper probably used at least one of them for storage during the low season. Maric didn’t have enough coin to stay at the inn, and had already made arrangements of his own for the evening. He felt the lightheadedness that was a sure sign that he was becoming inebriated. Too much ale on an empty stomach. But, he had to watch his spending carefully and ale was cheaper than food. With enough of it, he would forget about the hunger soon enough. Maric smiled widely and the barkeep looked at him askance probably wondering if he would have to carry him out at closing time. Maric turned around in his stool and pushed his back up against the counter. The main floor of the building consisted of the tavern. Several wooden tables and chairs were strewn around the floor haphazardly. A few men were drinking and talking loudly in the corner, every once and a while casting a curious eye at Maric and the broadsword he had leaning up against the counter, though none approached him. The counter, where Maric sat, was made of a single long piece of a tree, cut down smooth on one side and stained dark. It shone brightly in the candlelight and Maric could tell that Emile took great care in it.It was covered in knicks and scratches from use over the decades and errant names of lovers carved into it. A Willem and Clara had their names carved with a heart encircling it and Maric wondered idly if they were still together. The building, like the rest of those in the village, were most likely built with pinewood from the trees surrounding the village. A large head of a gray stag was mounted over the front door, which when questioned, the barkeep, Emile, said his great grandfather hunted down nearly five decades ago. Apparently, Emile’s great grandfather spent nearly a month chasing down the stag, which ended in a life and death struggle between man and beast. Maric sipped politely from his ale while he listened with half an ear to the tall tale. Around sunset, the tavern began to fill up with the locals. Men, women, and children began crowding the tavern floor, all dressed in their best, which consisted of starched white shirts for the men and simple cotton gowns for the women. Some of the women, Maric noticed, braided late blooming flowers in their hair or their caps. There would be no jewels here.It was a small village, probably only about ten to twenty families in all, with another five or six who lived outside of town. Everyone was either a farmer, sheep and goat herder, baker, or tavern owner (in this case, the tavern owner also operated the town’s only inn). There was a mayor, but nothing quite as official as a bigger town. The mayor was also the town doctor, and Maric was sure, performed many other miscellaneous tasks as well. Fabienne was young for a leader of the locals. She was no older than in her mid-thirties if it was Maric’s best guess. And, her best quality was that she was a widow. Her husband, from what Maric had learned, was a tradesman and died in an ambush by bandits two winters ago. His loss, Maric’s gain.  Fabienne had invited him to stay over at her house in town for the night. She left him a key to use after night fell and the villagers went home. When she pressed the cold metal into his hand, she had leaned in close so that Maric had an eyeful of what was just under her bodice.    Maric looked down at his mug which was already half empty. He would need to slow down if he wanted to be conscious enough to enjoy Fabienne later in the evening. She would be at the tavern herself tonight. Apparently, a traveling bard was also visiting, causing quite the commotion. The village rarely had any visitors and on this day, they had two.It was close to eight in the evening when Maric saw a redheaded boy descend the staircase and onto the main floor of the tavern with a lute slung over his shoulder. He couldn’t quite make out what the boy looked like, but a hush fell on the room.  “Jacques Aguillard here played for King Stefan and Queen Leah of Liyonne last year during the midsummer festival,” Emile whispered to Maric. “He comes by every time he is in the area to play for us. None of us ever miss a single performance. Well, Old Quincey was sick once with the flu. Something terrible, was puking up his insides all week, and he still dragged himself out of bed to hear Jacques play.”“I take it that the boy is good,” Maric replied. Emile snickered. “Just listen.”The boy went to stand on a makeshift stage made by pushing two large tables together, so that he could be seen above audiences’ heads. There weren’t enough seats for everyone, but it didn’t matter because as soon as Jacques descended the stairs, everyone stood. The children sat on the shoulders of their fathers, the elderly stood feebly on their feet until someone pushed some chairs together up front for them to sit in. The tavern filled with whispers of anticipation while the boy tuned his lute. When he was finished, he looked up and Maric caught his first clear look at the boy.His first thought was the boy was beautiful. Not handsome, but beautiful. From across the room, the boy’s hair sparkled like fire, golden at the roots, and bright fiery red at its ends. His hair was curled in large loops around his head, and when he reached up to run his fingers through it, Maric could have sworn he heard every woman in the room sigh. The boy had a heart-shaped face with a small, but full lips that any woman would have envied. But, the most striking feature was his eyes. They were the color of true violets in full bloom.  Maric could see why the women in the room were taken with the boy. He felt a little uncomfortable himself.  The boy looked around the room with a small, shy smile. “I would like to play something new, if that is okay with everyone.”There was a rush of yes’s.  And, when the boy strummed his first chord and opened his mouth to sing, Maric discovered that everything around him disappeared.Rose sang a song she had written about a mermaid who loved a man and how when she became human to be with him, he betrayed her by taking another. It was a ballad that she had worked on all last summer and it was her first night performing it. She was pleased by all the wet eyes she saw in the crowd afterwards. Then, she sang a funny one about a princess and a frog. This one ended with the frog being revealed to be a prince that was cursed, but a kiss from the princess transformed him back to his human self. They, of course, lived happily ever after.  She sang a few others before taking requests from the crowd. Every town or village wanted to hear their local songs, ones about farmers and their wives, chickens coming home to roost, and the beauty of spring and the harshness of winter. Later in the evening, when the children were taken home for bed, Rose sang some dirty limericks, which caused an uproar of laughter to burst through the windows.  And, at the end of the night, she always sang the one song that changed her life. The one that set her down the path of a traveling bard. She sang the story of Sleeping Beauty.Maric sat transfixed throughout the night. When the boy started singing, Maric was taken aback by surprise. His voice was light and airy, and then dark and heavy, and everything in between. It floated amongst the heavens and brought tears of joy into Maric’s eyes or it fell low and dark and brought tears of sadness. But, when the boy began to sing the song of Sleeping Beauty, Maric felt strange, as if the song was calling out to him. The boy did not look up from his lute as he played. But, when it was over, he did and Maric was surprised to see tears streaming down the boy’s face.  If it was an act, it was a good one.The night ended with Emile standing at the door with a coffer. Villagers dropped coins into the small box and it clinked loudly enough that Maric could hear it from across the room. He guessed that the boy split the profits with the tavern keeper for room and board and for arranging the performance. But, based on how many clinks he heard, the boy would make enough to keep his belly full and a roof over his head for several weeks.Maric whistled low. The boy was making much more than he did at killing monsters. Maybe I should take a turn at the bard business, Maric thought wryly to himself.   After putting her lute away upstairs in the room she rented, Rose returned to the main tavern floor. Only one man remained at the counter. The rest of the villagers had already traveled home for the night. It was nearly midnight and many would be awake in a handful of hours before sunrise to tend to their farms. Though they indulged in a night of entertainment, the peasants of Pine Hollow did not have the luxury to sleep in the next day. There were always clothes to mend and stalls to muck out.  The man at the counter looked familiar, his hair long and in a bad need of a haircut, a thick beard that was a darker color than his light brown hair on his head, nearly black, and his crooked nose that looked to have been broken sometime in the past. Maybe broken a few times, Rose thought. A bright red scar ran from his left eyebrow down to his jaw. Rose winced as she resisted touching her own face. The cut was deep. He was lucky he hadn’t lost his eye.He must have been a handsome man once. Emile stopped wiping the portion of the counter before him and waved at Rose. On the counter, she saw a bowl of stew and her stomach rumbled loudly. The man raised an eyebrow. Rose flushed and sat down on the stool next to him.“An excellent show again, Jacques. Made my heart sing, truly,” Emile said, filling up a large mug of ale and placing it in front of her. “On the house as usual.” The man looked enviously at the mug and Rose noticed that his own was empty. Her throat was dry from the performance and she took a large gulp before turning her attention to the stew in front of her.“Thank you, Emile. It is always a pleasure to play in Pine Hollow,” Rose said between bites. She could still feel the man’s stare on her, but ignored him. It was not the first time she has caught a man staring even though she was disguised as a man herself. She was blessed with beauty after all and it was something that men and women were transfixed by. Every village or town she passed through, Rose spent more time than she would like rebuffing advances from people of all ages, shapes, and sexes. And, by the way the man stared at her, she felt she would need to again soon. Rose kept two daggers tucked into her belt and one in her boot for just the occasion.Luckily, Emile was present and she was confident that she would not need to resort to violence.  Maric turned his attention back to Emile who moved on to arranging the wooden mugs behind the counter.“Any news?” Maric found that the person in every village and town that had their ear closest to the ground was always the barkeep. They spent hours each day talking to people and tended to know things well before the criers did. Most of it was shameless gossip, but every once and awhile, Maric would discover a nugget of some interest.    “The queen gave birth to a…”Maric cut him off with a grunt. To his surprise, the boy also grunted in disgust as well. “Not gossip. Real news. Any rumors of attacks in the area?”The boy turned to him with interest, his soup spoon stopped in midair between his bowl and his mouth. “You’re Maric the Monster Hunter,” the boy whispered in awe.Maric ignored the boy while Emile looked at Maric with renewed interest. “Monsters, you say?” He tapped his chin theatrically as if really giving Maric’s question some serious thought. “No goblins, not that I have heard. But, there have been some mysterious disappearances out east. Mostly livestock, chickens and the odd sheep or goat. Most people think it might be a fox or a wolf.”Maric slouched down disappointed. “Most likely is.”“But, Old Matthieu came in the other day and said that his neighbor, Samuel, found the strangest thing in his chicken coop. All the chickens were there all right, but all the eggs were black as coal. Every single egg. He didn’t dare eat them and took them into the forest to be buried. The next day, the eggs in the coop were back to white. Didn’t know what that meant, but was odd, truly.”“Yes, that is very strange. Do you know the location of the farm?”“Well, Matthieu lives about ten miles off east. Samuel’s farm is nearby. A large windmill on property, you can’t miss it. I don’t know his neighbor, but you can ask Matthieu himself about the story.”The boy said nothing more while Maric indulged himself and ordered another mug of ale and downed it one long swallow. It was getting late and it wouldn’t do to keep Fabienne waiting much longer. As he pushed aside the large wooden doors of the tavern, he felt a tug at his cloak. He wasn’t surprised to find the boy standing there behind him. A sliver of moonlight illuminated the boy’s eager face.“I want to come with you.”“To Fabienne’s?” Maric asked, his head feeling light and swimmy under the boy’s watchful gaze. His eyes are truly violet, Maric thought, too beautiful to be wasted on a boy.The boy snorted. It was light and delicate like the boy’s features. “No, of course not. I want to come with you when you go see Old Matthieu. And, I want to go with you to whatever you do afterwards.”“Why?” Maric asked, suddenly suspicious. The boy looked innocent enough. He was thin, though not in the sickly sense. Under the tunic and cloak, Maric suspected the boy was fast and nimble. His fingers were as much when he played the lute. They danced across the strings faster than anything Maric could follow with his eyes. If the boy did try to cut his throat while he slept, Maric wouldn’t stand a chance.  But, then again, why would the boy do such a thing? Maric didn’t have two coppers to rub together. He spent the last of it on ale tonight instead of bread and cheese and other things he direly needed, like a new set of boots, and he sniffed, a bath. He was forced to sell his horse months ago just to survive.  It was as the boy read his thoughts. “I have money. I can pay you. And, I can make more of it on the road. Every town likes to be entertained for an evening or two.”“You didn’t answer my question, boy.”“Jacques,” the boy corrected.“Jacques. Fine, but why do you want to come with me?”“Because I am tired of singing about love stories and happily ever afters.”Silence fell between them. Rose flushed deeply and hoped the shadows hid her face. The monster hunter, Maric Landry, stood there and just stared at her and Rose felt uncomfortable under his gaze. She had heard of him through her travels. He had become quite a legend amongst Staiton and Valenris for, well, slaying monsters. It was just last week when she heard a tale of him killing a dragon out in the Wilderwoods, though how much of it was true, she did not know. But, it was a great story, and that was what she was after. Finally, Maric broke the silence. “So, you want to sing about slaying monsters?”“I want to sing about heroes.”Maric grunted and crossed his arms. “I’m no hero.”Rose looked Maric up and down. He was leaning heavily to one side from too much drink. Rose had already accounted his face as being ugly from all the scars and bruises. His clothes were ill-fitting and dirty. And, she could smell him from several feet away. It was musky and masculine and he stank of it.No, he was no hero, Rose thought. He certainly didn’t look like one, which made him perfect. Who didn’t love a story where a rogue turned into a shining knight in armor? Rose smiled and she saw Maric look at her warily. “You will do.”“How old are you?” he said.“One and twenty.” Instantly, Rose mentally admonished herself for revealing her true age. Disguised as Jacques she knew she didn’t appear any older than sixteen. And, it didn’t seem Maric believed her either.Maric sniffed in disbelief and leaned in close to her face, scrutinizing it. “And, not one whisker. Pity.”Rose took a step back. “That’s none of your concern.”Maric grunted again. “Can you fight?”“What do you mean?”“Are you good with a sword? Knife? Anything besides your lute? I expect you wouldn’t want to damage that.”Rose stood up straight. “I can handle myself.”“Can you?” Maric rested his hand on the hilt of his sword. It was a large broadsword that hung off of his waist and looked no different than the ones Rose had seen being peddled at many weapon shops. “I won’t be coming to save you if a mob of orcs drag you off.”“I said I can handle-”The point of Maric’s sword dug into her neck and pressed her up against the tavern. His eyes held hers and Rose was shocked to see how clear they were. Rose’s mind stuttered trying to figure out how he could move so quickly. He reeked of alcohol as if he wasn’t just drinking it but bathed in it and was barely standing up on both feet.  “Can you? I could gut you now and steal all your coin,” he said. “I bet your lute would fetch a pretty penny too. I wouldn’t need you dogging my steps for the next couple of days. I can take what you are offering right now.” Maric blinked twice and pushed back. Before he could sheath his sword, Rose leapt out of the shadows with two daggers slashing into the air, knocking back Maric’s sword and causing him to fall back a few steps.Maric smiled widely. “That is more like it.” He thrust forward with his sword, clashing it loudly against Rose’s knives, which she crossed in front of herself to prevent Maric’s blade from coming down on her head. She pushed back hard causing her knives to spark brightly against his sword until Maric fell back again. He came at her with large, but precise, swings forcing Rose to hop back until she found herself pressed against the side of the tavern. She knew he had her pinned, but planted her feet and shoved off the side of the building, flinging herself at him and ramming her shoulder into his chest. For a second of panic, she didn’t think he would fall. It felt as if she threw herself into a brick wall, but Maric caught her in his arms and they both tumbled over into the dirt.  Rose found her head laying across his chest, their limbs entwined, and pushed off quickly. She grabbed his sword with both hands and held the point to his throat. Maric chuckled in the darkness.“Help me up, boy,” he said. Rose threw his sword away from them in case it was a trap before bending over and helping Maric to his feet. He was a good foot taller than she was and twice as wide. His shoulders were broad and Rose could feel the tightness of the muscles that laid just beneath the ill fitting armor he wore. She resisted the urge to run her fingers along his chest and down to his narrow waist and wondered idly what he looked like naked. Like a Sakoraan god, she imagined. When he stood she suddenly realized that she was playing with fire.  “Meet me tomorrow outside the tavern. I think mid-morning. We will head out to the farm then,” he said.  Rose nodded, but stood watching him until he gathered his sword and walked away into the darkness. She could feel the night air charge with electricity.  This man is very dangerous, Rose thought. What was I thinking?

Dark shadows danced across the stone walls and Maric had to bite down on his tongue to keep from screaming. Laughter cackled loudly through the darkness. Something uncoiled behind him, snapping as it hit the floor.A flash of pain and a scream was all Maric remembered before waking. He tumbled out of bed, his breathing labored.“What’s wrong?” a voice asked, muffled with sleep. Maric stood, his naked body glistening with cold sweat despite the heat of the fire in the room. He shivered until the arm reached out and pulled him close. He looked down to see Fabienne, her blond tousled hair framing her face, her blue eyes wide with concern.“What’s wrong, Maric?” she repeated.“Nothing. A bad dream is all.” The same dream that had plagued for months after his accident years ago. He thought he was free of them. It had been years since he dreamt of them last.Until tonight. He rubbed his forehead with the heel of his hand until the ache began to dissipate.Fabienne stood and the blanket that covered her fell to the floor. Maric discovered that she was naked as well. Fabienne was gifted with the body of a goddess. Her breasts were large and topped with rose-colored nipples. Her blond hair, her crowning glory, hung down in waves to her waist. A rush of memories of what they did only hours before replaced any traces of the nightmare.“Come back to bed,” Fabienne said as she lightly traced her fingers across his chest and down lower between his legs until he gasped.Maric smiled and fell into her.

It was nearly dawn when Maric woke again. Fabienne was deep asleep in the crook of his arm, her face nestled against his chest. Maric moved slowly under her until his arm was free. She murmured quietly but did not wake.Silently, Maric began to dress. He poked the fire in the hearth until it was bright again before leaving Fabienne. He would see her in a few months time, but he knew she would not wait for him. Fabienne kept busy enough without him. Despite all the tender caresses and soft whispers, Maric knew that he wasn’t the only man to warm her bed. And, he didn’t hold it against her. She wasn’t the only one who warmed his either.Maric opened the front door and slipped out into the cold morning. The sun had yet to rise and a deep fog covered the village. Maric smiled to himself. The boy would still be in bed at the inn and wouldn’t wake until Maric was long gone from the village. He pursed his lips and whistled softly to himself, but stopped abruptly when he realized that it was to the tune of the Sleeping Beauty ballad the boy sang the night before.He pushed open the gate of Fabienne’s small garden and stepped onto the dirt covered street.

Maric jolted, his hand flying to the hilt of his sword. The boy stepped out of the fog like a ghost. Trailing behind him were two horses ladened with supplies.“What are you doing here so early? I told you to meet me in front of the tavern at ten.”“What are you doing up so early yourself?” the boy said, turning the question back on Maric. “You weren’t thinking about leaving me behind?”Maric ground his teeth and frowned. It was precisely what he was thinking. “Well, now that you’re here, we might as well get an early start.” Maric’s stomach rumbled loudly. The boy shoved a packet into his hand and when Maric opened it he discovered a roll stuffed with ham and cheese inside. “You’re making me breakfast now too?” Maric said between bites.“You are my muse. I need you to be healthy and fit for the adventure ahead.”Maric growled and considered throwing the roll onto the ground but he was surprised to find it all gone. Instead, he crumpled the paper and threw it, but it didn’t have quite the effect he had hoped for as it got caught in the wind and flew away into the nearest tree. The boy scowled and went to retrieve it.“You need not litter,” the boy said when he returned, tucking the paper away in one of the satchels on the horse.“And, I am not your kept man, your pet. I can look after myself.”The boy arched an eyebrow. “So you do not need my money?”“No, I have survived long without it and I am sure I can continue to do so.” Maric watched the boy out of the corner of his eye. The boy looked thoughtful for a second before placing his boot into the stirrup and swung himself on top of one of the horses.“Then, I will meet you at the farm.” The boy kicked and the horse galloped off, it’s mate following close behind. Maric cursed. It would be a long walk to the farm, one that he could have travelled comfortably on the back of a horse. Maric looked longingly into the fog where the boy disappeared. It had been months since he ridden a horse. Maric cursed again, loudly enough to scare a flock of chickens in a nearby coop.

Men are more stubborn than mules, Rose thought unkindly. Especially Maric. She laughed to herself when she thought back to the look on his face when she rode off. He had been about to reach for one of the horses himself before she took off with them both. Let him walk, she thought. Let him starve. He needed her money as much as she needed him. It was a day’s ride to the farm. Longer on foot.Rose slowed the horse down to a trot when she knew she had put enough distance between them. Sighing loudly, Rose leaned forward to pet Daffodil on the nose. Rose had purchased both Daffodil and her mate, Clover, this morning from the stablemaster in town when she went to inquire about Maric’s horse. When she learned that he did not have one stabled there and that the stableboy said he had seen Maric walk into town the other day, Rose bought two horses for the journey. Even though it would only be a day’s walk to the farmhouse, Rose was hoping that she could use the horse as leverage so that Maric would allow her to join him after they figured out what happened at the farmhouse.Rose slowed the horse to a stop.Because she feared that Maric was right all along, that he wouldn’t need her money, and that would leave her with… what? Nothing, again. Just traveling aimlessly from one village to another. The feeling of being lost was unbearable.Rose gritted her teeth. No, Maric would come back, crawling. Rose smiled at the image of Maric, a large man as he is, on hand and knees begging her for her forgiveness for his rudeness. Well, he would be too proud to crawl. But, he would be walking. She hoped his feet would be sore by the time he caught up with her.

Maric swore again as he pulled a pebble out of his boot. His leather boots, though old, were sturdy and nearly up to his knees, yet, defying all possibilities, he fished out pebbles every few steps. The boy would be able to afford new boots, Maric grumbled to himself.He had walked all morning without a sign of the boy and he wondered if Jacques would be true to his word and meet him at the house. Maric hoped not for many reasons. The least of which was that his feet were getting tired and he was hungry. The sun was high in the sky burning off the fog hours ago. And, Maric neglected to fill his waterskin before he left Pine Hollow.His throat was scratchy with thirst.Maric cursed the boy again. He is going to be a problem, Maric thought. The boy was pampered. He had handled those knives nicely, enough to ward off the run-of-the-mill ruffians, but against a true monster, the boy wouldn’t stand a chance. Maric just hoped that Jacques would listen to him when the time came. He can’t watch both of their asses.After rounding another corner on the path, Maric’s hopes fell. The boy wasn’t lying, he didn’t intend to wait for Maric. Maric looked up at the horizon. The sun burned high in the sky and there was still no sign of a windmill.

The sun was beginning to set when Maric reached the windmill. The barkeep was right, it would have been hard to miss. The windmill was constructed out of gray stone and rose high above the treeline. For the past mile, Maric walked towards it, a beacon in the setting sun.“I was wondering when you would arrive,” Jacques said, putting his lute aside. Maric heard the faint strumming of the lute before exiting the woods, a reassuring sign that Jacques was safe. Maric grunted, not that the boy’s safety was any of his concern.“How long have you been here?”“Two hours at most.” Jacques looked towards the farmhouse. “I knocked on the door, but there was no answer.”Maric followed Jacques’s gaze and saw the lone farmhouse sitting on top of a small hill. It was dark, as he had expected. Whatever lived in there now wasn’t alive anymore. “No there wouldn’t be,” Maric said. “We need to make camp. It’s too late to get started now. And, we need to get away from here. It’s not safe.”Jacques sat up with alarm. “What do you mean? We just arrived. Shouldn’t we stay inside the farmhouse at least?”“I wouldn’t dare.” Maric looked into the woods that he just stepped out of. It wouldn’t be any safer in the forest tonight either. There would be a full moon and strange things happened during a full moon.He turned his attention to a barn standing alone across a field of wheat. “We can sleep in there tonight.”“Why not the farmhouse?” Jacques repeated.Maric ignored the boy and took the reins of the horse closest to him and began making his way to the barn. It was eerily quiet, no birds chirping in the air, no chickens clucking in the pen. Maric cast an eye around the farm and to his dismay he did not see one cow, goat, or horse. Nothing stirred amongst the fields.He wasn’t surprised when he opened the barn doors to find it empty.

Rose pouted to herself. There was a warm farmhouse just across the field with what she would assume would have nice soft beds, food, and hot water for a bath. It didn’t help her mood that Maric ignored her as he methodically went from stall to stall checking every dark corner. The barn was empty, but clean and smelled of fresh hay.“What are you afraid of finding?”

Rose snorted. Maric returned to where she sat in the middle of the barn. They had put Daffodil and Clover in two of the cleanest stalls and found fresh hay for them both. Maric went to fill their troughs with fresh water from the well, but told Rose to stay put. Night had fallen.“Nothing is what I am afraid of. Have you ever been to a farm that had no animals? No horses, cows, goats, or chickens?”Rose stilled, a prickle of fear crept up her back. “No… do you think something is wrong?”“Yes.” They couldn’t start a fire in the barn. It would be unsafe with all the dry hay and wood, but Maric said they could not because it would draw the attention of someone or something else. When Maric would say no more, Rose went to the saddlebags and took out a loaf of bread, aged yellow cheese, and dried meat. They ate supper in silence before going to bed.Maric fell asleep quickly, from what Rose could hear. She laid awake listening to the night. It was quiet, far too quiet. Not even a breath of wind could be heard rustling through the trees. Shivering, she found herself moving closer to Maric.

Maric woke with the faint light of dawn to find Jacques spooned down along the right side of his body. The boy’s right hand rested on Maric’s chest and one of his legs was thrown over his. Maric gently lifted Jacques’s arm and set it down to his side and did the same with his leg. He smiled wryly to himself at how embarrassed Jacques would be if he were awake.Maric looked down at Jacques’s face. There was a smattering a light freckles across his pale skin, the only blemish if one would consider it a blemish. Maric did not and thought it only enhanced his beauty. His hair was short and curled naturally and was a bright red that reminded Maric of a rose in full bloom. And, his lips were pursed as if expecting a kiss.Maric’s eyes fell to Jacques’s lips, as if they were unwillingly drawn there, when Jacques woke and screamed, slapping Maric across the face so loudly that it resounded through the empty barn.

Rose dreamt about dreaming, if there were such a thing. In her dream, she was laying in the tower in her father’s castle in a bed so warm and soft that it felt as if she was floating on a cloud. A cool spring breeze blew through the window. She felt a hand stroke her cheek and brush across her lips. And, then there was a kiss, so soft and light that she wished there was more of it. She felt a hunger in her awaken, a desperate desire that she did not know existed until that moment.The kiss woke her and she opened her eyes to see him… her Philip.Only, Rose woke and saw an ugly face hovering over hers, and she screamed.

“How dare I? You were the one wrapped around me this morning,” Maric said standing and gingerly touching his cheek. He felt a bruise forming. It had been a long time since he was slapped last and never by a male.“I would never do such a thing,” Jacques said, standing himself and fiddling nervously with his tunic. Maric watched curiously as Jacques smoothed down the front of his tunic several times.“Well, you did.”Maric could feel Jacques glare through the back of his skull as he stuffed his bedroll into the saddlebag. “Since you’re awake, we might as well make an early start. You want your adventure or not?”All Maric heard was Jacques noisily getting ready for the day ahead.

The sun was rising quickly in the sky as Rose paced impatiently waiting for Maric. She was eager to begin. Even though she had only spent a day in Maric’s company, lyrics and tunes were swirling around madly in her head. Rose felt the fluttering excitement that this would be her best work yet. They left the horses in the barn. Maric said they were safer in there than out in the open. He made a show of barricading the barn doors. He had spent the last hour doing so, with Rose assisting whenever he asked, which wasn’t much. “What do you think will happen?” she asked. “That we come back to two dead horses. Worse, that whatever killed them is still here.”Rose felt a shudder pass through her. “But, we will find the monster first, right?”Maric turned to the woods. “I hope.” He glanced at Rose and scowled. “What are you holding?”Rose had a scroll in one hand and a quill in the other. The inkpot was tucked away safely in her pocket, cushioned by rags to prevent the glass from breaking. “I plan on taking notes,” she said, flourishing the quill in her hand.  Maric grunted. “You will be lucky to be alive by the day’s end. Don’t forget why we are really here.” He pushed one last barrel into place before stepping back. The entrance of the barn was blocked by all manner of wooden pallets, barrels, wheelbarrows, and farm tools. It didn’t look like it would hold much back, but Rose kept that to herself.  “My ballad.”“No, to kill a monster.”It was a cold morning, the air piercing Maric’s nostrils with each breath and burning his lungs. The days would be colder from here on out, Maric thought, and the night’s worse. They were deep into fall and moving quickly into winter. The trees had already shed most of their leaves, which crunched softly under their boots. It was the only sound they heard, which chilled him more than any cold fall wind could.They had left Samuel’s farm and were walking deep into the surrounding woods. Maric remembered what the barkeep in Pine Hollow had said. That Samuel had buried a clutch of eggs, black as coal, in the woods. Maric needed to see these for himself to confirm his fear. The barricade he created around the barn wouldn’t hold for long. If what I think is haunting these woods is true, Maric thought. He hoped it wasn’t. Despite his sword, he was ill equipped. He would need a whole army behind him to fight what was coming.Instead, he had a bard. Maric smiled grimly to himself. Jacques had the audacity to accuse him of trying to steal a kiss, or much worse. His cheek still felt tender but he would be damned before he checked to see if there was a bruise there. Hopefully there was to remind the boy of his humiliation.After Jacques calmed down, he seemed almost apologetic, fixing them a cold breakfast of stale bread and cheese and hot mint tea. Though, Maric heard no apology and wasn’t holding his breath for one. The boy was stubborn as a mule and Maric feared he would continue to dog his steps for many more days to come.“You’re not my type anyway,” Maric said, breaking the silence around them and startling himself. He startled Jacques too, who was looking at the woods with interest as if trying to memorize every detail. Maric had forbidden him from bringing the scroll and quill with them and instead was happy to see that the boy had his hands ready on the hilt of his knives.  “You don’t like redheads?” Jacques said.“I don’t like boys.” Jacques flushed at that. “You like what you like,” Maric continued. “But, I can’t return your affections.”  Jacques sputtered, his face reddening. “I wasn’t expecting you to. I mean, I’m not attracted to you either.” Maric turned suddenly causing Jacques to stop short right behind him. Maric hadn’t realized that Jacques was walking so close, his steps were so light that his boots seemed to barely touch the ground, and now he found him chest to chest with Jacques. Jacques’s violet eyes crackled with anger and Maric found himself falling deep into them. They were beautiful, truly the boy’s best feature. When the boy laughed, they were light as lilacs, and when he was angry, like he was now, they were dark as the heart of a storm. Maric’s eyes dropped to his lips and Jacques’s tongue darted out and licked them nervously. Maric wondered how they tasted.   “I… I don’t like men either,” Jacques said as he stepped around Maric and continued walking.  Maric just shrugged and turned back around, but felt his heart beating hard against his chest as if he just ran miles upon miles. He took in a deep, ragged breath and  unclenched his fists and followed Jacques deeper into the woods.   It didn’t take long for them to find the black eggs that Samuel had buried, or what remained of them. Egg shells as dark as obsidian were strewn all around the forest clearing. Rose stepped carefully into the opening, followed by Maric.“The damned fool buried them too close to the farm. And,” Maric looked at the hole that Samuel must have dug. It wasn’t even half a foot deep. “Not nearly deep enough.”“Is it what you suspected?” Rose asked as Maric picked up a shell. She did the same. It was thick, much thicker than a regular chicken egg. And, from the piece that she held, which was the size of her hand, the eggs were much, much bigger. It reminded her of an egg that Athena had bought once when they traveled through the Golden Desert. Athena traded three barrels of water for an egg the size of Rose’s head. The egg shell was white, different than the one Rose held now. It took Athena several strikes with a hammer to crack the egg open and the whole caravan ate omelets for breakfast that morning.  Rose had asked Athena what laid eggs that large. Athena grinned, her teeth sharp, and said griffins.  Now, Rose held the black shell up to the sunlight. It glistened, as if covered with thousands of tiny diamonds. “It’s beautiful.”“And, it’s worth a fortune,” Maric swore and dropped the shell he held. “It’s a basilisk egg. Eggs,” he corrected, standing up and narrowing his eyes. He peered into the shadowed woods around them. “It is used in potions.”Rose followed suit. The forest floor was covered in egg shells. There must have been at least a dozen. And, they all hatched.It wasn’t until that moment that Rose noticed all the toads. Their dark brown and black speckled skin camouflage them perfectly among the fallen leaves. They sat silently watching Maric and her with their bright yellow eyes. Rose swallowed and backed up out of the clearing. Maric, noticing the toads, did the same. The toads’ eyes followed their movement, but they did not blink or croak. They did nothing at all but stare.Rose whispered,“What are they waiting for?”“Legend says that a basilisk is born from a cockerel and it is the toads that hatch them.” Rose’s fingers itched to write down what Maric said. Who had ever heard of such a thing?In the distance, a high pitched scream shook Rose from her thoughts. “Daffodil!”Rose ran after Maric as they crashed through the woods. Maric reached the barn first, his sword drawn. Rose clutched a knife in each hand but stopped abruptly when she saw what was attacking the barn.Her first thought was that Maric was right to put up a barricade. Though, shoddy as it was, the barn door was still closed and the creatures were scratching along the edges trying to get inside. Rose could hear Clover and Daffodil crying out, their screams deafened by the excited screeches from the monsters. Maric had left the horses in their stalls and Rose could hear them banging against the barn walls trying to escape. What they didn’t know was that it was much worse outside than in.Rose’s second thought was that the monsters were kind of cute. Several cat-sized creatures were frantically clawing at the edges of the barn with their feet, which were clawed like a chicken. They had the body and face of a chicken too, but something was strange. The feathers that she expected to see sprouted between large, glittery black scales. And, its most prominent feature was a snake-like tail that whipped back and forth violently. At the end was a sharp barb.All the creatures stopped and turned to them when Maric bursted out of the woods with Rose closely following behind.  “Watch out for the tail! It’s poisonous.” Maric shouted over his shoulder. The basilisks began charging at Maric and he rose his sword high and with one cleave cut three down. This seemed to enrage the others as a high, sharp screech pierced through the air as they jumped onto Maric as one. Rose rushed forward and swiped one off of him, the basilisk turned it’s glare at her and for a moment Rose froze.Her whole body went numb and her fingers loosened, dropping the knives. She couldn’t swallow, couldn’t breathe. She tried to scream but only a soft strangled noise escaped her lips. Maric kicked the basilisk and Rose watched as it flew and smacked hard against the side of the barn. Instantly, she was freed and picked up her knives.  “Don’t look into its eyes. They have some kind of power-” Another basilisk launched itself at Maric and he sliced down and hard, cutting it into two. The reptilian tail kept twitching as if trying to strike a foe it could not see. Rose danced backwards away from it.Rose felt a fear grow inside her causing her to falter in her steps, but she was still able to cut two more down, spinning and kicking and slashing at the air, the basilisks falling in their steps around her. More came from the woods, following the screams of their siblings. Rose felt a strange stab of guilt. They were just babies. They were just animals. They didn’t know what they were doing.In short order, there were only two basilisks left and they watched Maric and Rose warily from the top of the barn. They must be the smarter ones of the clutch, Rose thought. Despite being caught in the gaze of one, the fight against the basilisks was easier than Rose had thought it would be. Carcasses of the monsters were strewn around them. A quick glance at Maric and she could see that he was uninjured, though winded like herself. She gulped in a breath of fresh air. If Maric hadn’t killed the basilisk and freed her from its spell, she could have died. “Why don’t we just let them go?” Breathing hard, Maric said over at her. “We will need to kill them all. If we let them live, they will keep breeding until the whole area is overrun. And, we don’t want them to grow into adults. They become much-”A dark shadow fell on them. Rose felt her skin prickle.A terrifying screech rang in Maric’s ears. He turned quickly to see a basilisk nearly the size of the barn standing behind him. No wonder the smaller ones took shelter on the roof. This was their mother. Or father, to be exact.“Run!” Maric yelled, pushing Jacques out of the way of the basilisk. The boy stumbled but then found his feet and ran off. Maric planted himself and clutched his sword with both hands. He kept his eyes lowered to the ground. If the young ones could freeze a person in their steps, an adult could paralyze them for life. Maric watched as the basilisk danced from one foot to another, it’s large orange beak thrusting forward towards him. He slashed away at each jab causing the basilisk to rear up in fury. Taking advantage of the moment, Maric threw himself towards the ground, slashing at the basilisk’s legs, which were as thick as a tree trunk. He cut away one of the basilisk’s claws, causing it to cry out in pain, and to stomp down violently.Maric rolled away, the ground shaking underneath him, from the remaining claws, each one as long and as sharp as a dagger. The basilisk turned suddenly and swung its tail. The tail seemed to move independently of the rest of the beast, snapping back and forth in front of Maric’s face, it’s stinger stabbing into the ground around him and kicking up dirt into his face. With another wide swing, the basilisk’s tail knocked hard against Maric’s wrist, causing him to drop his sword. Another whip and his sword flew away into the heavy brush.He had never faced a basilisk before. There were stories from other hunters and survivors, though none truly prepared him for this moment. It was more powerful and much faster than he had imagined. Each strike to the ground caused it to shake, leaving Maric unable to find his footing. He rolled beneath the monster’s feet and knew he could not keep evading the attacks forever.Maric always knew that he would die this way- fighting some kind of monster. As he laid there with the basilisk’s tail whipping about in the air, he thought this was as good of a way to die as any other. His only regret was that he would die facing the backside of the beast. It was almost humiliating. He could see his tombstone now. Maric Landry the Monster Slayer. Death by Being Sat On By A Basilisk.  At least the boy would have his ballad and I will live on in song, Maric smiled to himself wryly. The smile froze on his face as his eyes fell on a sight that turned his blood cold.Jacques was screaming like a banshee and running at full speed at the basilisk with both knives raised.  Rose watched from the farside of the field as the large basilisk attacked Maric. She cheered him on silently as he slashed away at the monster, but watched on in horror as his sword was knocked away. Without a second thought, Rose snatched both knives out of their sheaths and ran screaming across the field. The screaming caught the basilisk’s attention, and a brief glance upwards, she saw that the two younger ones were watching her with interest. She felt her feet begin to slow and tore her eyes away from them.    Remember what Maric said, Rose hastily looked away. Don’t look them in the eyes. She was nearly at the basilisk when it reared up and stomped down hard causing the ground around them to shake. Rose fell, her knives skittering away as she hit the ground hard. She could taste blood in her mouth from where she bit her lip. The basilisk raised it’s clawed foot again and Rose curled up covering her face.“You stupid boy!” She looked up to see Maric’s furious face rushing at her. He grabbed her and threw her over his shoulder and began running deep into the woods. Rose could hear the basilisk crashing through the trees behind them. “I told you to run!” Maric yelled as Rose bounced up and down against his shoulder.  “You… needed… help!” she said between breaths. Even though she couldn’t see Maric’s face, she felt his glare. He was not a man that easily admitted when he needed help.  “Now, you’re going to get us both killed.” They entered the clearing where they had found the basilisks’ egg shells. Maric tossed Rose to the ground, knocking the breath out of her chest for a moment. They could hear trees being uprooted. They didn’t have much time.“We need a-” he began, scouring the area around them.Rose dug into her boot and pulled out a knife, this one long and thin like a needle, and tossed it to Maric. He caught it deftly in one hand and raised an eyebrow before the basilisk burst through into the clearing, rearing up in a loud screech. Rose slapped her hands to her ears.  I’ll need to ask him where he got this from, Maric thought, as he clutched the hilt of the stiletto knife in his hand. It was a rare weapon, one specially used by assassins. As Maric turned to face the basilisk, his skin crawled thinking about who he was turning his back to. What did he know about the boy? Only what Jacques and the barkeep had told him, which amounted really to nothing. He would have to have a long conversation with Jacques when they survive this- Maric watched as the basilisk reared up again, it’s talons glistening in the morning sunlight- if we survived this, he corrected.  The knife was long and thin and glittered menacingly in the sun, but a poor replacement for his sword. He will have to get close to the beast to do any damage, much less kill it. With a quick glance over his shoulder, Maric was pleased to see Jacques hiding behind a large tree on the far side of the clearing. At least the boy learned his lesson. With this in mind, Maric threw himself at the basilisk, deftly evading each strike of the beast’s beak. The monster was enraged, its feathers standing on end, and its tail whipping back and forth in fury. It screeched loudly causing the forest floor below his feet to tremble.  Maric closed the distance between them and thrust out the knife. The point of it disappeared into the feathers of the basilisk and it screamed out in pain, but when Maric pulled out, the wound seemed to disappear. Maric cursed to himself, it was an assassin’s weapon, which meant it was only really effective in one part of the body.Maric looked back at the basilisk, but to his surprise, it wasn’t looking at him. It peered off to the trees and Maric briefly wondered what it was looking at when a sharp whistle of a rock flew by his head and hit the basilisk square in the beak. It cried out in anger and began rushing towards the trees. Maric saw Jacques waving at him and pointing at his own head before turning his attention back to the basilisk.   Maric’s blood grew cold when he saw the boy go still and his hand limp, dropping a rock to the ground, as if transfixed.Damn that boy!Maric ran after the basilisk, but he was too late. The basilisk raised its tail and struck. Jacques went flying and crashed against a tree. He didn’t get back up.  Maric pivoted in his tracks and ran over to Jacques as the basilisk followed close behind him. He could feel its hot breath on the back of his neck, but he reached Jacques first. Maric threw his body over the boy, flipped over quickly, and stabbed the basilisk through its cheek and into its brain- the only place the stiletto would be effective. The monster screamed out in pain, reeled, its large wings kicking up dried leaves and dirt into the air, and fell over dead.Maric gasped out in pain and exhaustion as he went over the monster, which twitched violently. Maric lifted the knife and stabbed it again in the head a few times for good measure before returning to Jacques’s prone form.  He was sure every bone in the boy’s body would be broken, but that wasn’t his greatest fear. If the boy was poisoned…Maric’s eyes fell onto the boy’s leg. His trousers were sliced open and covered in blood.

Maric carried Jacques back to the farmhouse. The two remaining basilisks watched him balefully, but remained perched on top of the barn. Maric paid them no heed. If he didn’t dress Jacques’s wound, he would be at risk of getting an infection and dying. But, Maric only thought that to reassure himself. If Jacques was poisoned, he would be dead by morning.  Fear gripped his chest as Maric ran up the steps of the house and kicked loudly at the door. There was no response inside, and he hadn’t expected there would be one. Throwing the boy over one shoulder, Maric braced himself and threw his weight against the door. By the third time, the door smashed open with Maric and Jacques tumbling through.The room stank of rancid, decaying flesh, and Maric turned to find, who he assumed was Samuel, hunched over dead on the far side of the room. His face was thin, starved, and his eyes wide and filled with fear as if trying to jump out of his skull.  Maric knew instantly that the old farmer had been trapped in his own house as the basilisks outside devoured each and every animal and farm hand until there was not a trace of them left. How Samuel escaped their notice, Maric didn’t know. But, it didn’t matter anyhow as Samuel probably soon realized his mistake of barricading himself inside his house. Maric looked down at the empty jars littered about the room. Samuel had run out of food and water and starved to death.  Maric carried Jacques to the bed, which was surprisingly clean, though everything permeated with the smell of death. He tore the leg off of Jacques’s trousers and saw that the cut wasn’t as deep as he had thought. It wouldn’t need stitches. But, it was red and angry, and Maric feared the worse. He took his waterskin and washed the wound and tore strips of the bed sheet to bandage it. He leaned back to examine his handiwork. It was the best he could do for now.Maric gingerly ran his hand up and down Jacques’s head and body to check for any broken bones. The basilisk had thrown the boy against a tree, and the sound of Jacques’s body crumbling against it still resounded loudly in Maric’s ears.  He started with the boy’s legs and feet, tugging Jacques’s boots free and throwing them aside, which, besides the large cut on his right thigh, both seemed uninjured. He ran his hands down the boy’s torso and chest. He debated about undressing the boy for a closer look, but the last thing he wanted was for Jacques’s to awaken and accuse him of more than he had the night before. Finding yourself naked in bed with another man was much more than stealing a kiss. Not that Maric was planning on either.  Jacques had a slim waist, much smaller than his loose tunic made him appear. Maric could almost span the entire width of it with his hands. And, his chest, Maric paused, something there didn’t feel quite right, but he ignored the niggling thought and moved on to the boy’s arms. He held the boy’s hands in his own. His fingers were long and tapered, the tips calloused from plucking at the lute strings. Maric smirked to himself. They were not broken. The boy will live to play on.    Lastly, Maric touched the boy’s head. He picked it up lightly and carefully checked the boy’s skull. There was a large lump on the back of his head, where Jacques hit the tree, and though tender to the touch, Maric didn’t think there would be any lasting damage besides one hell of a headache if the boy woke. Maric looked down, his hands cradling each side of the boy’s face. Jacques’s eyes were closed, and though unconscious from the blow, the boy looked as if he was simply sleeping. There was no tension on his face, no twinge of pain. His face felt smooth and soft in Maric’s hands and upon closer inspection he decided that it was almost feminine. He ran a thumb across Jacques’s eyebrow, it was a light blond unlike the bright red of his hair. The boy’s nose was petite and lightly freckled, and the lips, well…Maric tore his eyes away, his heart beating loudly against his ears. Why did this feel so familiar?After leaving Jacques to rest, he killed the last two basilisks, which wasn’t easy as they refused to descend from the top of the barn. Maric climbed up after them only for them to jump off and escape into the woods. He spent the better part of the afternoon tracking each one and killing it before bringing their carcasses back to the clearing where their father fell. He gathered the rest of the carcasses from the farm and brought them to the clearing as well. Maric piled firewood and kindling on their bodies and lit them aflame. He would take no chances.After the fire died down and left nothing but black ash behind, Maric returned to the farmhouse and buried Samuel under a lone apple tree near the edge of the property. In his opinion, it was the loveliest part of the property as it oversaw a small stream and he hoped Samuel would find peace there.When he determined it was safe, Maric let Clover and Daffodil out of the barn to graze in the fields. The horses stepped out of the barn cautiously, but when Maric led them out into the warm sun, they shook off their anxiety and began to graze. Though, Maric noticed that they stayed close to one another, with Clover looking up every few minutes to check the surroundings. Clover, the stallion, was a large black horse with a dark mane. Daffodil, the mare, was smaller, and light brown, with a white stripe that ran down the center of her face. The way Clover hovered close to Daffodil and the way Daffodil nudged affectionately against Clover’s neck, Maric could tell that they were a matched pair. He watched them idly for a moment before leaving them to their grazing.     Maric was also able to retrieve his sword and Jacques’s knives, including the stiletto. He put the knives in the boy’s saddlebag, but kept the stiletto tucked into his own belt. He still had questions that needed to be answered.  Every few minutes, Maric returned to the farmhouse to check on Jacques’s condition. He still appeared like he was asleep. Maric worried about the poison that might be coursing through Jacques’s  body, but there was nothing to be done but wait.   The house only consisted of one large room. A narrow bed, where Maric laid Jacques on, was in the top right corner of the room. Nearby was a fireplace, in which Maric set a small fire. Across the room was the kitchen, which consisted of a larger fireplace, where Maric had a small cauldron of soup boiling. He had hunted down a hare, one fat in preparation for its winter slumber, and dug out some potatoes and carrots from Samuel’s garden. Next to the kitchen was a small table with two seats, one, Maric presumed for Samuel, and one for a guest, if he ever had any. Maric sat in one chair himself and watched Jacques carefully from across the room.    Maric couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something odd about the boy. The stiletto knife surprised him. Jacques claimed to be a traveling bard, but was there more to his story? Was the boy hiding something? Maric pulled out the knife and held it out. It barely had any weight to it. Maric flicked it back and forth and it shined brightly in the firelight. It was easy to handle, quick, and silent as it cut through the air. Maric’s eyes fell on Jacques’s sleeping form.  Should he kill the boy now instead of waking up to find the point of this knife driven into his throat?Rose woke with a groan as she reached up to clutch the back of her head. She groaned louder when she shifted and felt a thousand needles shoot up her arm. She bit down a scream. It felt as if every bone in her body was broken and winced as she slowly opened her eyes.“You’re alive,” someone said. Rose blinked a few more times and thanked the gods that it was dark. Her head felt as if it was three times its true size.“I wish I wasn’t,” she said, her voice cracking. The room filled with laughter. “What’s so funny?”“You don’t know how close you were to death.”Rose blinked a few more times and the room came into focus. They were in a house. From the bed in the corner of the room, she could see that a fire had died in the hearth not too long ago, the wood still burned brightly with embers. There was a faint smell of blood and decay in the air that caused her stomach to churn, but she gulped a few times and swallowed the rising nausea. “Maric?”“Yes? That’s good that you remember me.”“Why wouldn’t I?”“You have a pretty nasty bump on your head when the basilisk slammed you against a tree.” Rose reached up again and touched the area gently. She instantly grimaced in pain. “You should be glad to be alive and with no broken bones.”Rose suddenly sat up, her head swimming, and ran her hands down her chest. It was still flattened by the bandages. When she looked up, she saw Maric sitting on a chair across the room watching her curiously.  “My leg…”“You can thank the basilisk for that. I thought you were poisoned. But, as you are awake now, you are not. You’re lucky, I’ll grant you that.”Rose touched the bandage on her naked thigh. It was tight and clean and expertly done. Her trouser leg was missing. “You did this?” Maric nodded, half his face hidden in shadow. “What time is it? Or, I’m afraid to ask, what day is it?”Maric smiled.  “Same day, or night, I should say. I expect it’s after midnight. You’ve been asleep for about sixteen hours.”“I feel like I slept none of it,” Rose said, falling back onto the bed. She winced when her head hit the pillow. With her eyes tightly closed, she said, “Thank you.”“For what?”“For saving my life.”There was a silence from across the room. Rose opened her eyes slightly to watch Maric under her lashes. He was staring right back at her. “You should go home.”“What?” Rose’s eyes snapped open.  “You were almost killed. This was what I warned you of. What if you were poisoned by the basilisk? What if you did break every bone in your body?”“None of that happened,” she said, not in the mood to argue with him. Her head was still aching terribly. “Don’t think you can get rid of me that easily.”“I could have left you there, you know, crumpled under that tree. You would have died then too. It was a cold night, and though there may not be any monsters in the woods any longer, there are other creatures that kill.”“But, the thing is, you’re not a monster Maric. You would never have left me.” And Rose believed it too. Even as Maric frowned at her, she knew that he was a good person.  “I could have.”“But, you didn’t.”Maric snorted. “Go back to sleep.”Cold metal bit into his wrists as he was pulled higher up the wall. He felt his shoulders stretch out until something seemed to pop and come loose. He clenched his teeth tightly holding back a scream. There was no point in wasting it now, there would be more pain coming.“Where is she?” a deep, sultry voice called out behind him. He felt a hand caress his back, long nails digging into his skin. There was a hint of sensuality to the movement. If his shoulders weren’t screaming out in pain, Maric would have wondered if he was trapped in a brothel about to succumb to some form of exquisite seduction. “I can stop at any time. Just tell me where she is.”Maric said nothing.  “Fine, have it your way.” He heard steps receding down a stone hallway.  “Now, it’s my turn,” a voice said coming out of the shadows. He heard something unravel and hit the ground with a sickening snap.  When Rose woke again, it was late in the morning. The warm sunlight filtered through the window and Rose laid there bewildered at the thought that she could have died. Everything felt so normal, so quiet. It was hard to believe that the farm was overrun with basilisks not one day ago.  Rose sat up to find the house empty. No, he didn’t, she thought, alarm coursing through her as she swung her legs over the side of the bed and stood up slowly. The blood rushed to her head, causing it to pound, though not as bad as it did during the night.Her leg still ached and her body was sore, but Rose carefully made it to the front door and opened it. Did he leave her? Was she wrong about him? Rose leaned heavily against the doorframe to catch her breath.  The sun blinded her for a moment. When a cloud passed over it, she saw Maric leaning forward against the fence watching Clover and Daffodil grazing together in the field. When he turned to her, Rose smiled. She walked down to him, her legs feeling steadier with each step.“How are you feeling?”She tilted her head, looking at him closely. His eyes were shadowed, and though there was no hint of any pain on his face. But, she felt a shift in him, a change. “Much better. Thank you again.” Maric just nodded.“They look happy.” Daffodil was brushing up against Clover. Clover whinnied and nudged her back.“It was a long day and night for them both. For you as well.” Rose swallowed, thinking of the night before. Maric must have carried her back from the forest and he certainly dressed her wound. The bandages on her chest were still in place when she woke again in the morning so she was fairly certain that he did not know her secret. The fact that he was still speaking to her now confirmed it. Rose smiled wryly to herself. He would be raging at her.She could feel Maric’s eyes on her and the air charge around them and cleared her throat. “What is our plan now?”“Our plan?”“Don’t start with me. I’m not going anywhere except with you. That fight with a basilisk is not enough for my song. One fight does not count as an epic.”Maric held up his hand. “And, that you nearly died, that doesn’t count for anything?”“As I said last night, I didn’t die. I’m not going to, not yet.” Rose frowned. If she had to fight Maric every inch of the way, she would. She didn’t know what it was, there was a sensation that she could not shake and every ounce in her being told her that being with him was simply right. They made a good team. Or, at least, she thought they did. He probably thought she was a liability.  “Then, we need to establish some ground rules.” Rose opened her mouth in protest, but Maric held up his hand again, his eyes rolling in exasperation. Rose snapped her mouth shut. “You will listen to me and follow my commands, especially during a fight. You were nearly killed and I don’t need your blood on my hands.”“You would be dead if I didn’t intervene. The basilisk was about to kill you yesterday if I didn’t attack it.”“First, you didn’t attack it, you ran at it screaming like a damned idiot and fell right on your face.”“I distracted it.”Maric gritted his teeth, his eyes flashing with anger. Rose didn’t notice until then that they were a soft brown, like the color of chocolate. Chocolates were her favorite, but she wasn’t about to tell him that. “I am prepared to die. Are you?”“I don’t plan on dying. Anyways, I feel great. I can handle any fight.” Rose didn’t feel great, but she felt better than she should have, thanks, she begrudgingly knew, to Maric’s care.“Then, get your horse ready. We’re leaving.” Rose looked at him in shock as he headed into the field and began saddling up Clover.

Maric was in a poor mood when he woke in the morning. He was relieved that Jacques had survived the night, more relieved that he had thought he would be. Though he would never admit it to anyone, when the boy woke in the middle of the night, Maric nearly wept with relief. Knowing that Jacques would be fine, he was able to sleep for the rest of the night. However, sleep did not come as readily as he had hoped. The nightmares were back. There was no denying them now. It’s been years since he’s been plagued with them. They were the only things he remembered about his past, if they were even about his past. That was the whole mystery, he couldn’t remember anything from before five years ago. All that he could were the nightmares that plagued him for months in the beginning until suddenly disappearing altogether.  But, three nights ago, the night he spent with Fabienne, they came rushing back. Maric hadn’t a night’s peace since then.  Maric thought about waking the boy, but Jacques needed another day’s rest at least. It was fine by him. He never got to settle down long in one place and Samuel’s farm had a beauty to it that reminded him of the Boucher’s farm. The sun was inching its way up across the sky casting the surrounding fields in bright gold. It was idyllic now that it was no longer overrun with basilisks. Maric took in a deep breath. He could settle somewhere like this place, work the land, marry a country lass, and fatten her up with children. He smiled wryly to himself. Maybe in another life.He heard the front door of the house creak open but didn’t turn. Jacques was awake and up on his feet, which was another good sign of his recovery. Another day or two of rest and the boy would be ready to continue on his journey home. Maric frowned at the thought. He was beginning to enjoy having company on the road. It was nice to talk to someone besides his horse (if he was lucky to have one) and, an added bonus with Jacques, to listen to the soft strumming of the lute at night before bed.  It will be lonely without Jacques. But, after what happened the day before, Maric knew Jacques would be a danger to both of them. In more ways than one.Maric watched as Jacques slumped low in his saddle. They had been riding for the rest of the morning and most of the early afternoon and it was hours still until sunset.  “Let’s make camp,” Maric said, annoyed with himself and Jacques. The boy needed more rest, but at hearing Maric’s command, Jacques sat up straighter in his saddle, his shoulders squared.  “It’s still early,” Jacques replied, his voice resolute. Maric frowned. The boy was stubborn and Maric feared that he would keep riding until he fell out of the saddle unconscious. He was a fool. Maric was too, but he didn’t readily admit it to himself. He allowed himself to be baited by the boy, to lash out in anger. And, now he was putting both of their lives in danger. If they were attacked by man or beast or something else entirely… Maric didn’t finish the thought. It was best to get them off the road.“We’re stopping,” Maric said as he rode up alongside Jacques and took his reins. Jacques didn’t fight him, his hands barely gripping the reins. Maric inhaled sharply when he saw the paleness of the boy’s face and the perspiration on his forehead. The shadows under his eyes made him look owlish. Without another word, Maric led Daffodil off the road and into the woods.  Rose fell asleep the moment they finished setting up camp in a small clearing next to a slow moving stream. When she woke again, it was late in the evening, and Maric was roasting trout over an open fire. The smell was intoxicating and she slowly made her way to Maric.  He didn’t say anything when he cut her off a thick slice of toasted bread and cheese and placed the tender white flesh of fish on top of it. She nodded in thanks and ate. It was soon gone and replaced with the same. She ate three before she felt full and relatively recovered.“I am sorry to have caused you so much trouble,” she began. She knew that she needed to mend the fences between them, otherwise Maric would never let her stay with him. Rose still did not understand why she felt this compulsion to remain in his company. She thought it was because of the ballad she desperately wished to write, or the future she was avoiding, but then she would catch herself staring at him as if entranced. Maric looked up from his own meal but said nothing. She continued, “But, I am not going home. There is no home to go to you see.”“No mother or father?”“No, they died a few years ago.” That part of the lie was easy to tell, after many years of practice doing so to every person she met. It was Athena who helped her craft her false past as the son of farmers whose parents died tragically in a fire. Fires happened often enough that no one would question her story. “Afterwards, I traveled with a troupe of performers, musicians, singers, dancers, the whole lot.”“Gypsies.”“Yes and, for the past couple of years, they became my family.”“Where are they now?”Rose shrugged. Athena said they were heading south for the winter, perhaps setting up camp outside one of the larger towns that could accommodate them. But, nothing was ever written in stone as long as you lived on the road. They could be anywhere and Rose did not expect to meet them again. Even though they parted amicably, Athena thought it was a huge mistake on Rose’s part to go it alone. But, Rose did not tell Athena what she had planned.“Why did you leave them?”“I needed to do something new, something different. And, that is why being with you is so important to me.”Maric stilled, one hand holding a wineskin halfway up to his mouth. “It is not what you think,” Rose added quickly, her face flushed. “I can’t seem to describe it.”Maric drank from the wineskin and handed it to Rose. She drank and was surprised to find it full of wine, dark and rich. She took a few more gulps before handing it back. Her body warmed as she felt the wine rush through her.“I think I understand.” He hesitated, as if debating about how much he wanted to say, before continuing. “I left the only home I knew myself four years ago.”“Your family?” Rose was instantly curious. Even though they have been together for the past few days, neither of them have spoken about their pasts. She had imagined Maric born as he was now straight from the ground. She could hardly imagine this dour man as a child.“Not by blood, but more family to me than anything I can remember.”Rose frowned. That was an odd way to phrase it.  “The Bouchers took care of me after an accident, or I believe it was an accident. I stayed with them for several months.”“What happened?”Maric paused again, this time for longer. Rose was unsure he would speak again until he did. “I don’t remember. I lost my memory. Pierre Boucher found me on the riverbank, half drowned, while he was out fishing. Him and his wife, Margot, nurtured me back to health. I was bedridden for weeks. And, it took many more to recover my strength.”“So, you don’t know who you really are?” Rose said, before snapping her mouth shut. What was she thinking? A pained look passed over Maric’s face.  “No. For the past couple of years I hoped someone would recognize me. But, alas, no luck. I must have been a nobody.”“Perhaps that is best. A new identity for a new beginning.” Rose wanted to confess it all to Maric right then and there. That he was not alone in being someone he was not. But, Rose kept her mouth shut. If he wanted to send her away as Jacques, he would certainly send her away as Rose.  As the fire began to burn down and their stomachs full, Rose felt drowsy as she strummed gently against the lute. Maric seemed to appreciate the music as he said nothing, but sat silently and listened. He watched her intently, but Rose pretended not to notice. When she paused to take down some notes of the melody she played, Maric cleared his throat.“Tomorrow, we will begin our journey south.” Rose sat up, dropping the quill.  “We? So you will let me join you?”“I don’t think I have any say in the matter,” he grumbled. “But, yes, I expect you to join me one way or the other, so you might as well know my plan. The constable in Pine Hollow told me a rumor of attacks on small farms and villages in the outskirts of the Valenris. More so, I believe it not to be rumors at all.”“You heard more?”Maric shook his head. “I can feel something dark growing there. Something powerful.” Maric stood and kicked dirt on the fire until it died. A chill swept through the woods, causing all the hairs on her arm to stand. It wasn’t wise to keep a fire lit in the woods during the night. Who knows who would come across them while they slept? A group of bandits would be just as bad as a curious bear.  Rose swallowed. Though, she couldn’t imagine anything more dangerous and evil than the basilisks. “We should bathe before it gets too cold,” Maric said looking up at the sky. Their campsite for the night was in a clearing near a large stream, the same where Maric caught the trout. He began stripping off his leather armor and Rose quickly turned away.Maric stood across from her naked and looked at her quizzically. “We may not have a chance again for a long while. There will be no hot baths on the road.”“No, no, I will be fine,” Rose replied stammering. She turned herself away. She could hear Maric splashing around in the water and only turned back when he was standing waist deep. Rose bit her lip. The water had looked inviting. It had been days since her last bath, and she was still sticky with blood from the basilisk fight.  Her hair was matted with grease. And, she knew she smelled sour with stale sweat.Rose picked up her lute again and began to play as she watched Maric from the corner of her eyes. His shoulders were wide and well muscled. Her eyes trailed down his broad chest to his waist. She bit her lip imagining what laid just below the water.  She looked up to find Maric looking at her with one eyebrow raised. Rose quickly turned away and plucked randomly at her lute, causing a cacophony of twangs to resonate through the woods. Maric splashed some more as he bathed and after a few moments Rose worked up the courage to look again.She gasped out loud at the sight of his back, which was lined with deep scars that criss crossed its entirety.          Maric heard Jacques gasp out loud and knew that he had seen the scars. Maric had spent endless hours wondering about their origin, but also thankful that he could not remember. They were red and purple and not an attractive sight. Once, a girl at a brothel even ran screaming out of the room when he undressed. Maybe this would finally deter the boy’s interest, Maric thought wryly.  With his broken nose and the long scar on his face, Maric knew he was not a handsome man. Sometimes, he would stare at his reflection in the mirror and wonder if there ever was one underneath the scars and his broken nose. Fabienne found him attractive enough to invite him into her bed, as did many others whenever he had the urge to, but Maric wondered if this was his true face. He had been travelling the roads for years and no one seemed to recognize him.  “What happened to you?” Jacques asked. Maric turned to see the boy staring at him wide-eyed. The boy, Maric thought, on the other hand was quite handsome, even beautiful. He would never have trouble getting girls to tumble with him in bed. But, from what Maric gathered, it wasn’t girls that interested Jacques. Suddenly, Maric felt self conscious under the boy’s steady gaze.“I cannot remember and am glad of it.” But, that was not entirely true. He was glad that he could not remember the pain. Maric gritted his teeth. The nightmares… they had something to do with the scars, but whenever he thought of them, his head began to hurt. Maric stepped out of the stream and reached for his clothes. Even though he was still wet, he pulled on his trousers. He felt fingers lightly touching his back and he turned to find Jacques standing there, his fingers gingerly tracing the scars.“They are deep. They must have been very painful,” Jacques said, his eyes turned up at Maric. They were filled with unshed tears and Maric gripped Jacques’s shoulder, pushing him away.“They are not your concern,” he whispered harshly. “I am not your concern.”By the evenness of Maric’s breathing and the slow rise of his chest, Rose knew that Maric was asleep. She laid there thinking about Maric’s scarred back. Something terrible happened to him and it pained Rose that he did not know what it was. Perhaps, he was a soldier captured by the enemy? A runaway slave? Whatever his past was, maybe it was best forgotten as he said. He may be happier without the memory. And, as he said, it was none of her concern.  Rose sighed and quietly she sat up and tiptoed away from the camp. She was glad the moon was out, which made the trip down to the stream much easier. She paused for a moment when she thought she heard something moving to her left, but when she heard nothing more, she kept walking.  Rose removed her vest and pulled the tunic over her head. As quietly as possible, she began to unravel the bandages around her chest. She breathed a sigh of relief once freed. Her breasts were numb and she massaged them gently. She felt the blood tingle them back to life.    Rose looked over her shoulder again before removing her trousers and stepped into the stream. She shivered. It was late fall. Winter was just creeping around the corner. In another couple of weeks, the whole forest would be covered in snow. She glanced back over her shoulder. Maric must still be asleep as she heard nothing from where they set up camp for the night.  Rose didn’t know what she would do when the winter came. In the past, the troupe would set up camp outside a village and wait until spring. This benefitted both the troupe and the village, as the Rose and the others would have warm beds and food for the winter while the villagers would have entertainment every night to stave off the darkness and boredom.  But, she left Athena and the rest of her friends early in the summer. Athena planned on heading south to new playing grounds, and, after spending five lovely years with her new family, Rose needed to be alone. She needed to think about her own future and what those choices may be.  And, prodding her from the back of her mind, she knew she had to go home. It was time.But, then Maric came along. Rose sighed. She was a coward. She latched onto another adventure to avoid, what? The truth? I’ll go home when this adventure is over. Rose sank into the water, flinching at the coldness, but relishing the fact that she would no longer smell like a pigsty. She used a small bar of rose scented soap that she carried with her in her saddlebag. It was an indulgence, a dangerous one as most boys didn’t smell like flowers after they bathed, if they bathed at all.  But, Rose was tired of being sticky and smelly.  She was tired of pretending to be a boy.  She was tired of Jacques.She wanted to be Rose again if just for a moment.  “What are you doing?”Startled, Rose sank down into the stream, clutching her chest. Maric stepped up to the bank and Rose could see him clearly as he surely could see her. He stepped closer to her, his sword raised, and his eyes peering into the dense woods around them.“I needed a bath.”  “In the middle of the night?” He turned to her and began walking in her direction.“No, stay where you are!” Maric froze and his eyes ran down the length of her body. She could see the astonishment on his face.“I can explain-”Suddenly, Maric dropped his sword and screamed. He doubled over, his hands clutching his head as if in great pain, before collapsing.

Maric sat in a dark cell. He did not know how long he had been imprisoned. Was it only days? Or months? Certainly, not years, he thought wryly to himself, his smile hidden by the shadows. But, even he could not trust his own hopes.  He sat on a small rotted bench, his arms and legs shackled to the wall in metal chains. A goblin stood guard outside his cell, leering at him whenever he was awake. Maric tried his best to leer back, but he knew his efforts were futile. This only caused the goblin to cackle out loud, the sound like nails driving into Maric’s head.In another few weeks, Maric thought, he would be thin enough to just slip through the bars. The chains that hung heavily from his wrists were much looser now than before. If he didn’t die first, he could have a chance of escape.  The sharp clicking of shoes resounding off the stone floor made its way down to Maric’s cell. He felt his stomach begin to churn and a cold sweat break out on his forehead. She was back.A sharp green face stepped out of the shadows. “Well, are you ready to talk?”Her hands stroked the bars of the cell. Maric felt a sick thrill shoot through his body. “Are you ready to tell me where the girl is?”Maric said nothing. He had told this witch many times that he did not know this girl she so desired. He pitied whoever the girl was. As much as the witch looked on Maric with hatred, her eyes burned anew whenever she said the girl’s name.Aurora.Rose stood still for a moment unsure of what happened before rushing to Maric’s side. He convulsed wildly on the ground, his eyes clenched shut, and Rose threw her legs over his body and straddled him. She pushed down with her entire body until he began to still. Rose cradled his head between both of her hands.“Maric! Maric!” Droplets from her wet hair hit his face, but his eyes were clenched shut. He slowly began to relax until his body was limp and Rose knew the moment of danger was over. Slowly, Maric opened his eyes and Rose saw that though they were clear, there was a spark of danger in them. His hands gripped her hips tightly, holding her down onto him, and it was then she realized something hard pressing against her. He was only wearing his trousers and she was wearing nothing at all. She blushed and sat up quickly, her arms covering her bare chest.Maric took his time running his eyes up and down her naked body before breaking out into laughter. Rose looked at him as if he had gone crazy as she scrambled off him and began to dress.  “What is wrong with you?” she asked over his laughter. Maric was doubled over on the ground, the laughter leaving him prone.  “You are a… girl.” The laughter began to fade away and he sat up looking at her, the mirth still playful across his face. Rose inhaled sharply. When smiling, Maric looked years younger, almost youthful. He couldn’t be much older than her. He is handsome, she thought. Dangerously so. There was a glint of amusement in his eye. “It explains a lot. Namely, your looks, and the roundness of your behind and-” He stopped himself short and sat up. “The next town we reach-”“No! You are not leaving me behind.”“This changes everything.”“How so? I am just as capable as when you thought I was a boy. I’m still the same person.”“Yes, but now I don’t know if I can trust myself around you.” Maric stood and slowly walked over to Rose, his eyes were hooded. “Before, when you were Jacques, well, you were safe from me. Now…” His hand brushed back her wet hair and cupped her cheek. He dipped his head down and kissed her. His tongue probed against her lips until she yielded. Rose felt a shock of electricity shoot from her head down to her toes, which curled against the soft ground. She pressed forward, kissing him back, until he pulled away. Suddenly, the forest felt cold.  “Yes,” Maric whispered. “Next town, you’re gone.”Maric had meant for the kiss to scare her, whoever she really was. He expected her to slap him in the face for his boldness, but when she pressed up against him, her arms thrown around his neck, and pushed deeper in for the kiss, Maric couldn’t help but feel the peaks of her nipples pressing against his bare chest. If he wasn’t hard before, he was rock solid after he pulled away. The kiss was a mistake. She didn’t look frightened at all. If anything, her face was flushed as it looked up towards him, her lips swollen. If he hadn’t stopped, she wouldn’t have stopped him from pushing his advances. They could be naked on the ground now, him deep inside her. Maric swallowed a groan and put more distance between them.“That was… pleasant,” she said. Maric laughed inwardly. Pleasant? His body was on fire. He beat a quick retreat back to his bedroll before turning to face her. She was still standing there frozen in place watching him with an odd expression on her face.  “What’s your name? Your real one.”The girl hesitated for a moment before answering. “Rose.” Maric raised an eyebrow. She frowned. “Yes, Rose is my real name. I’m not lying to you now.”  “Then what else have you lied to me about?” Rose frowned, but kept her mouth shut. Maric could see the anger rising inside her. This was much better. He didn’t want her to get the wrong impression of what just happened between them. Maric busied himself with starting a fire. The girl was still damp and she would catch a chill. Maric didn’t need the heat, his body was still on fire itself.  “Why are you disguised as a boy?” The fire lit and Rose sat down next to it. Maric sat across from her watching her through the flames. The flickering light bounced off of her red hair causing it to shine like gold. She watched him with her violet eyes and he felt a strange sense of familiarity.  “It was easier traveling the roads as Jacques than as a lone female.” Maric nodded. There was sense in that. It was dangerous traveling the roads alone, but as a male there were some advantages. Though, a male as beautiful as Rose would have been worse than if she was ugly. Even Maric noticed in Pine Hollow how people just turned to Jacques, their eyes drawn to him, against their will. He felt it himself.    “What happened to you just now?”“What do you mean?”“You collapsed suddenly and started convulsing.” Rose pointed to the ground where he fell.  Maric pressed his lips flat and frowned. “I suffer from nightmares.”“What of?”Maric gave her a flat stare. How much should he tell her? The nightmares themselves made him sound like a raving lunatic. He never remembered much when he woke, just scraps of pain and terror.  “I am imprisoned,” he started, poking at the fire. “I don’t know where, but the cell is old but sturdy. I am chained to the wall.” Rose gasped. “There is pain, blinding pain. And, then nothing. I cannot recall the rest.”“Do you think the nightmares have to do with the scars on your back? That they are memories?”Maric nodded, unsurprised that she leapt to the same conclusion as he had in the past. “Most likely, but I cannot remember much. The nightmares began again a couple of days ago. I haven’t experienced them in years before then. Not since, well… when I was found.”“So these nightmares are the key to your past, to discovering who you really are,” Rose said excitedly. “There must be clues within them.”“Perhaps, but I try not to dwell on them.” The more he thought of the nightmares, the more his head ached. Even now, as they talked, Maric could feel something needling into the back of his head- a short, sharp pain. He knew what Rose said was right, that the nightmares were a key to his past.  “I wonder why they started three days ago,” Rose said thoughtfully.  “We should sleep whatever is left of the night. We have a long ride ahead of us tomorrow. We will be entering Valenris.”  Rose and Maric rode for several hours until they reached the country’s border in the middle of the afternoon. The weather was nice, nicer still as they traveled farther south. The days would get a little warmer from here on out, Rose thought. She thought back to the cottage that she shared with Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. It wasn’t too far from where they were, maybe two days’ journey at most. As they approached the toll gate, Rose hesitated. This was Prince Philip’s kingdom, now King Philip, Rose corrected. Though, it was foolish to think that she would run into him on the road, Rose felt on edge.  “What is wrong with you today?” Maric asked, turning in his saddle. He leaned closer to Rose. “Are you not yet recovered from the attack?”“I’m fine,” Rose replied. She felt sick to her stomach.  “You’re pale.”“I’m fine,” Rose repeated as she dismounted. Maric followed. A soldier approached them both.“Where are you heading?” the soldier asked. He was an older man, perhaps in his late fifties. His hair was all white and tufts of it stuck out from under his helmet. His armor was freshly polished so that Rose could see her reflection in it. Maric was right, she did look pale.  “To Beaumont,” Maric answered. It wasn’t until that moment that Rose learned where they were headed. Beaumont was the seat of the kingdom, where Philip resided. Rose swallowed hard.“For the royal baptism? You must have heard the news. The king and queen had a baby boy named Tristan, Prince Tristan, not one month ago. He is to be baptized at the end of the week. If you hurry, you will arrive in time for the ceremony.”Neither Maric or Rose replied. The soldier cleared his throat. “I will need to search your belongings.” He called two other soldiers over, one a young man, and the other a middle-aged woman. It appeared that the group were a family. The woman, who was stocky, with a light blond hair tied back in a plait, began searching through Rose’s saddlebags. She pulled out Rose’s daggers and laid them on the ground. The young man searched Maric’s.  “There’s nothing here,” the woman called out. She approached Rose. “I’ll need to search you as well.” Rose nodded and the woman ran her hands up and down Rose’s body. She opened Rose’s tunic and stilled when she saw Rose’s bandaged down breasts. She looked up inquiringly, but stayed silent. “Nothing here either.”The old man grunted in consent as he began searching Maric. He set down a dagger besides Maric’s sword. Suddenly, Rose thought of her stiletto, the one given to her by Athena. Where was it? The last she remembered was that she tried to kill the basilisk with the weapon. Maybe it was lost in the woods. Rose swallowed, if it was discovered on either of them, they would be instantly imprisoned. The weapon was illegal as only assassins carried them. And, no guard in their right mind would let an assassin across their borders.  “You’re clear,” the soldier said to Maric. Maric leaned over and picked up his sword and dagger and placed them back in their scabbards. Rose did the same with her daggers. “You’re both free to go.”Rose remounted Daffodil and followed Maric and Clover past the gates. She sighed in relief. Maybe the stiletto was gone after all. She felt a pang of sadness. It was a parting gift from Athena and it was the only thing she had of hers besides the memories of their time together.  Once they rounded the corner and the guard’s gate was no longer in sight, Maric leaned over and pulled a dagger out of his boot.  “I believe this is yours.” Rose took the stiletto from him. “If you were caught with this…”“I would have been thrown into the closest cell- something, you understand, I would like to avoid for the rest of my life.” Rose thought back to his nightmares.“Why didn’t you give it back to me before?”“I knew we would be passing through that guard’s gate. If you were caught with it-”“But, it is mine, and if I get caught, well, more fool on me. You don’t need to take my punishments for me, Maric.”“Suit yourself. But, I have to ask, where did you get that dagger? You, obviously, know that such an item is forbidden in most kingdoms.”“Are you asking if I am an assassin?”Maric paused for a moment, watching her closely as if trying to catch her in a lie, before continuing. “Yes. Travelling as a bard certainly provides you with a decent cover. No one questions musicians when they come through towns. And, they have access to places that no normal person does, such as the royal courts.” He was astute, Rose thought. This was precisely why Athena disguised herself as the leader of a traveling troupe. Everyone invited a musician or actor into their homes, even the wealthy, elite, and the dangerous. Everyone can appreciate a good song or play.  Rose decided to err on the side of truth. “It was given to me by a friend. I am not an assassin.”  “But, your friend is,” Maric finished. He looked at her queerly. “You have strange friends.”“Well, you’re a monster hunter, don’t you think that is strange too?”“But, I am not your friend.”  The town of Perivin was too large to be considered a village but too small to be considered a town. It boasted of several markets, two bakeries, three inns, two taverns, and a brothel. After stabling the horses, where Rose paid the stableboy an extra copper coin for the best oats for Clover and Daffodil, Maric began walking off towards the closest inn.  “I bid you farewell,” Maric said with a wave of a hand.“Wait,” Rose called out. “You really mean to leave me then?”“Yes, what I am after is dangerous. Far too dangerous for an amateur, which is what I should have known even when you were disguised as Jacques. Go home, Rose. Go marry the boy you are running from.”Rose stood and watched Maric walk away. She ground her teeth in frustration. Of course, he would assume she was running away from marriage. It was the most likely story a female runaway would have besides already being married and escaping an abusive husband. The fact that Maric was right irked her even more. Alas, Philip was already married, so she was safe from that. Rose felt a stab of regret through her heart.It was hard not to look closely at the land around them as she and Maric rode through the forests and fields past the scattered farm houses and mills. Everything was quiet, peaceful, and Rose thought, perfect. And, it all could have been hers.Instead, Rose focused on how Maric would break their agreement the second that they came across a town and what she would do afterwards. And, she was right, she thought, as she watched his retreating back. He opened the door to the Lily Rose Inn, a decent looking establishment, and entered. The temptation of sleeping indoors may keep him around for the rest of the night, but it was no promise. She needed to enact her plan immediately.Rose walked quickly to the center of town which was lined with different shops. As the sun was setting and many were heading back home for supper, Rose ducked into the closest dress shop.“We’re closed,” a gruff old man said behind the counter. He was busily wrapping the day’s wares. A shopgirl, most likely his daughter, bustled behind him, cleaning up her workstation.“I need clothes…” The man looked up and eyed Rose in disbelief. “For my sister.”  “Come back in the morning.”“I need them now, we are leaving immediately for Beaumont for the celebration.” Rose dropped several gold coins on the counter. “The price is no object.”  The man paused, taking in the number of coins on the counter. It was enough to cover the profits for a whole year. “Have her come so we can take her measurements. We will do what we can tonight.”  “No need,” Rose replied, looking at the ready made dresses hanging up against the wall. “I will take those two,” she said pointing to two serviceable dresses, one in dark green and the other in blue. The dresses looked to be about the right size, though perhaps a little large around the waist. They could be easily altered. Rose spent years with Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather stitching and mending her own clothes, and those of her aunts. It didn’t strike her as strange that her aunts were completely clueless with most household chores until after they revealed themselves to her as fairies. Once she learned the truth, everything fell into place, like how the bacon was always burnt, the cottage always dusty, and how her dresses, until she took over, were always two sizes too big or too small with sleeves that either dragged on the ground and so large that she could have stuck her head through them. And, the fabrics, a mish mash of satins with calico with wool and cotton of all different colors stitched together into one dress. It wasn’t until Rose snuck out of the cottage as a child to the nearest village and saw how they dressed that she knew she looked ridiculous. As soon as her fingers were nimble enough, she took over her own sewing.  Rose took her parcels and tucked them under her arm. She turned down a dark alley and hid behind several empty wooden crates and barrels waiting to be picked up by a merchant in the morning. Quickly, she took off her tunic and trousers and changed into one of the dresses. She took a deep breath of relief as she undid the bandages on her breast and dumped them with her old clothes into the bag the shopkeep had given her. She said a quiet farewell to Jacques. She lived in his skin for five years and five years was enough. It was time to be Rose again.  It felt strange wearing a dress. Though she spent sixteen years of her life wearing one, the past five years of Jacques provided a freedom she never knew. Growing up under the watchful eyes of Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather, and then under the scrutiny of an entire kingdom as Princess Aurora, Jacques provided her anonymity. As Rose, she hoped for the same.  After she finished, she approached the Lily Rose Inn and pushed open the door. The innkeeper, a short man with a pair of glasses balancing on his sharp nose looked up from his book.  “Can you direct me to Maric Landry’s room?” she asked.  The man looked her up and down. “And who might you be?”“I am his wife.” Rose looked the man squarely in the eye as if daring him to question her. The man stared back, undaunted.  “The man did not mention he had a wife.”“He did not expect me to arrive today. I just arrived on the coach.” Rose had seen a coach full of people pull in front of one of the taverns on her way over to the inn. She hoped it was one that typically arrived  on schedule, and it seemed to be when the man nodded.“Thomas here will take you to the room,” the man said. A small blond boy jumped up from the stool he was sitting on. He took Rose’s packages from her and led her up the stairs. Rose followed the boy into a room at the end of the staircase and when he opened the door Rose knew immediately that it would not work. It was no bigger than a closet. If she stretched out her arms, she could just touch the walls on opposite sides. She saw a single cot with no mattress and Maric’s things at the foot of the cot.  “No, no, this won’t do at all,” she said, turning to Thomas. The boy stood warily just outside the door. “Tell the innkeeper I want the best room in the inn.” The boy looked at her skeptically until Rose sighed and reached into her purse and pressed a gold coin in the boy’s palm. The boy quickly turned and ran down the stairs only to return with the innkeeper himself.The man was all wide-eyed with an oily smile plastered on his face as he bowed repeatedly and directed Rose to the staircase once again. They walked up another flight to a door that led to the only chamber on the third and top floor. When the innkeeper threw open the door, Rose was immediately satisfied by what she saw. In the center of the room was a large four-post bed. Though, the sheets were not as fine as silk or satin, they were white and clean, and the pillows were thick and soft. To the far side of the room was a large wardrobe and a set of drawers made of thick dark oak. Next to it, to Rose’s delight, was an empty tub half hidden behind a fold out screen.  On the other side of the bed was a small dining table surrounded by four chairs made of the same oak as the wardrobe and cabinet. On closer inspection, she could see fine roses carved into the backs of chairs and along the outer ring of the table.“This will do nicely,” Rose said as she handed the innkeeper enough coins for the room. “When Mr. Landry returns, I would like you to bring up whatever is best on the menu tonight in the tavern.”“The best we have in house is a meat pie,” the innkeeper said. Rose frowned, meat pies were nice when you were on the road, but tonight she wanted to luxuriate. “But,” he continued, “there is a restaurant next door that does a lovely roasted pheasant in mushroom with a butter sauce.”“Yes, please send for it, including a nice bottle of red wine, cheese, and bread, and well, anything you can think of. Mr. Landry will be quite famished when he returns. We married this morning, and he was called off in a hurry.” Rose hadn’t realized how easy it was to lie after doing it for so long. “And, send a maid up to fill the tub. I will be taking a bath in the meanwhile and it will need to be refilled when Mr. Landry returns.”The innkeeper and Thomas hurried from the room and Rose collapsed onto the bed. She sank deep into the mattress, sighing in pleasure, and was nearly asleep when there came a soft knocking on the door. She opened to find a young girl, about the same age and look as Thomas, with a bucket of hot water. She curtsied awkwardly to Rose before rushing to the tub and filling it. Thomas stood behind her with another bucket and between the two children, the tub was filled in minutes. Rose thanked them both and pressed coins in their awaiting palms. Their faces broke out into gap-toothed grins.When the door closed, Rose began to disrobe. She sighed in relief and pleasure and she sank into the hot water. No more bathing in streams, not tonight at least. Hot baths were one the only things she missed about living in the castle. There she was able to bathe any time her heart desired, unlike in the cottage where she was the one boiling the water for the tub and sharing the water with Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. As Rose was the youngest, she bathed last, and by then, no matter how close the tub was to the stove, the water was cold.  Rose brought the thick piece of soap to her nose and to her delight it smelled sweet of her namesake. She lathered it up between her hands and began to wash every part of her body while her thoughts drifted to Maric. She smiled wickedly. She could already see the look of shock on his face when the innkeeper told him that his wife had arrived early and that she moved his belongings out of that closet of a room. But, that wasn’t all that she had planned for him. Rose blushed as she thought of how she was going to convince Maric to let her stay. She saw how he looked at her, especially now that he knew she was a girl. She touched her lips. And, she remembered how he kissed her that night in the woods. Her body felt hot, hotter than the water in the bath.  She hoped she knew what she was doing.  Maric spent the next hour nursing a mug of beer at The Wrong Turn tavern. He stopped because the sign made him laugh out loud, but stayed because of the three taverns in town, it served the cheapest beer. He spent the last of his coin on the mug before him and he wasn’t looking forward to spending the night in the broom closet the Lily Rose innkeeper set up for him. It was all he could afford.  Damn Rose, he thought as he took a small sip. He was about five more sips away from finishing and it didn’t help that his stomach was grumbling loudly. He should leave that night, immediately. At least that would give him a chance to hunt or fish before bed, but the thought of sleeping under a warm roof, sparse as it was, had its appeal. Also, he already paid and he was sure the innkeeper wouldn’t give him a refund. The man gave Maric the most detestable look when he walked through the door earlier that afternoon. Maric couldn’t blame the man, he did look a mess even when cleaned up. The scars and the broken nose plus the sword swung over his back made him look more like a criminal than any normal patron of that establishment. He had passed a merchant and his wife as he walked in and they both fell silent at the sight of him. He could have also sworn he heard a baby begin to cry.“Will that be all?” asked the barkeep, a dark man with large imposing arms. He eyed Maric warily. No one liked it when someone dallied over one beer with no intention of purchasing more. Well, intent wasn’t the problem. No one wanted someone who couldn’t pay either.Maric shook his head and stood. It was already past supper time.  As he pushed his way out of the tavern and walked back towards the inn, Maric looked over his shoulder cautiously in case Rose was waiting to ambush him. To his surprised disappointment, he didn’t catch one glimpse of her bright red hair. Maybe she listened to him after all, maybe she was gone.He felt guilty about leaving Rose. He made a deal with her, one that, as his stomach grumbled again, was as beneficial to him as to her. Even if she was a girl, Maric knew that Rose had proven herself with the fight with the basilisks. She performed better than most men that he met in the past couple of years. She didn’t swoon away with fright. She stood her ground. And, she saved his life.And, that should have counted for something, right? Maybe he was too hasty and maybe promises should be kept, he thought. If he could find her before he left tomorrow morning, he will allow her to accompany him. The trick, of course, was to make it seem like he wasn’t at fault. That he hadn’t changed his mind. Or, he would never hear the end of it from her.  Maric frowned as he walked into the front door of the inn. The innkeeper looked up from hisbooks to Maric’s surprise, smiled broadly at him with his hands outstretched.“Good evening, Mr. Landry. I was waiting for you. Delayed my own supper to wait for your return.” Before Maric could ask why, the innkeeper rushed ahead of him to the staircase. “Your wife is waiting upstairs for you.”Maric was about to ask which damn wife he was talking about when he tensed. The innkeeper led him to the upper floor and knocked gently. The door opened and Maric saw her standing there, her face flushed and her hair damp, the steam rising from her body, which was wrapped in a towel.And, the room smelled of roses. Maric stepped into the room and shut the door on the innkeeper without taking his eyes off of Rose. He could hear the innkeeper blustering on the other side of the door.“What are you doing?”“I was taking a bath. I had them bring up another tub for you.” Maric followed Rose’s finger and there was indeed another wooden tub filled with hot, steaming water, hidden behind the screen. She wrinkled her nose. “You could use one.”“What are you doing here?” Maric clarified, turning his eyes back onto Rose. She had the decency to look uncertain.“We had an agreement, but, let’s not talk about it now. Let’s just enjoy a night warm and indoors.”Maric felt the anger rise inside him, but he realized that it would take too much effort to fight her now. And, the bath did look very tempting. He began stripping off his clothes, his eyes holding hers, and saw her face flush a deep red. He walked across the room and sank down into the tub, a grunt of pleasure escaping his lips. She smiled at him from across the room.“Dinner will be here shortly.” She disappeared behind the other screen herself and emerged a minute later wearing a light robe tied at the middle. Her waist was tiny, he could probably circle it entirely with the span of hands. And, her breasts, he could tell, would fit nicely cupped in each of his palms. He wondered how he ever believed Rose was a boy. The more he looked at her now, the way the robe clung around her shapely bum and thighs, he felt a burning in him.She must have gone shopping, Maric thought, as he sank lower. There was a bar of soap on the ledge of the tub and he used it vigorously as Rose watched.  “Here, lean forward,” Rose said, as she took the soap from him. She lathered up a damp towel and began washing his back in wide circles. He sighed contentedly. He could get used to this. Maybe, he should keep her around. She did have deft fingers.  Her hands moved to the front of his chest and continued washing in wide circles. He leaned back into her and knew he was getting her wet again, but didn’t care. Slowly, her hands moved lower and lower until Maric snatched her hand.  “What are you up to?” He narrowed his eyes suspiciously. Before she could answer, there was a tentative knock on the door. Rose stood, draping the towel along the rim of the tub, and opened the door. A young woman stood at the threshold with a tray of food in her arms. She glanced over at Maric and flushed deeply before Rose directed her to the table in the corner. The woman was followed by a young girl and boy, who carried in a basket of bread and a bottle of wine.  The room filled with the rich scent of cooked meat and spices that smelled familiar but Maric couldn’t remember what they were.“My lady,” the woman curtsied. “We have a roasted pheasant on butter sauce with mashed potatoes and fresh picked peas. My husband has added on two meat pies made of lamb and carrots and potatoes from our own garden. And, we brought two slices of pie baked from the blueberries we picked this morning.”Rose thanked the woman before pressing something into her hands and into the hands of the children. They quickly left, with the woman casting one longing glance at Maric before the door closed.   Maric sank a little lower in the tub. He could feel his anger towards Rose dissipating with the steam. When the water began to cool, he regrettably, stood and dried himself with the towel left for him.  “Where are my clothes?”Rose scrunched her nose. “I gave it to the maid to be washed. It’s covered in grime and blood.”The anger instantly returned. “You have no right.”“Maric, I have every right. They were filthy. They could stand on their own with how much dried sweat and blood that encased them. Do not worry, she will have them returned, fresh, clean, and mended by the morning.”“And what am I supposed to wear until then?” The clothes Maric wore on his back were also his only set of clothes.  Rose’s eyes flickered down to the towel wrapped around Maric’s waist. “You are wearing as much as you will need tonight.”Rose flushed at the boldness of her words. She was really out of her element now.  “Whatever game you are playing, know that you cannot win.”“No game. I just want to spend a nice night with you.”“Nice? There will be no niceties, Rose. No, we are beyond that. If you want to play with fire, then so be it.”Rose let out of a small squeal as Maric dropped his towel and scooped her up from her seat and dumped her on the bed. He followed, his body coming on top of hers and his mouth on hers. Rose succumbed to his kiss, this tongue pressing against her closed lips until she yielded and she kissed him back. The room was suddenly too hot and she felt relief when Maric sat up and began to remove her robe. When he saw what she wore underneath, a thin white silk nightgown with fine lace sewn along the ends, he inhaled sharply. The fabric was so fine that it was nearly translucent.“You witch,” he said in a harsh whisper, his right hand reaching down between them and cupped her breast. His thumb brushed lightly across the tip of her nipple and she arched up against him and groaned. The tingling sensation between her legs deepened.  Maric lowered his head.“What are you doing?” Rose asked, suddenly alarmed when she felt his hand disappear and his lips take its place. He gently suckled at her nipple through her nightgown, licking it with the tip of his tongue before taking it all in his mouth. His other hand caressed her other breast until Rose cried out in pleasure.  “Do you want me to stop?” Maric asked, his face buried in her chest.“No, please don’t.” He smiled wickedly up at her and sat up on the side of the bed and adjusted the towel to his waist.“I’m famished, how about you?” he said as he walked back to the table ladened with food. Rose laid there flushed and bewildered and suddenly cold. He was right, she was playing with fire, and she didn’t know the rules of the game.  He was playing with fire, Maric thought as he forced himself away from Rose. He clutched the towel around his waist and felt particularly vulnerable in his naked state. He brandished the towel like it was a suit of armor. It didn’t help much even when he had half the room and a table between them.Rose rose slowly from the bed, her face bewildered. Maric suspected that she didn’t truly understand what she was doing. The moment he walked into the room, he knew instantly that she would try to seduce him as a way for him to allow her to stay with him for the rest of his journey, what she called the “adventure.”  But, this was no game. Maric spent the latter part of the day interrogating the barkeep at The Wrong Turn tavern. He was chilled when the man told him that there had been more monster attacks in the south, mostly goblins. From what the man heard, they were terrorizing some farmers near the border of the wildlands, mostly stealing livestock and crops, burning the fields, but, as of yet, no outright attack. The kingdom had sent a company of soldiers not two weeks ago. The barkeep figured that they settled the matter.  Maric felt uneasy. Goblins never acted alone. Never without orders. Maric settled down in his seat. Rose joined him and sat across from him. It was quite dark now and only the candles lit on the table provided enough illumination to see the food laid out before them. He watched as Rose lifted the silver cloche revealing the food beneath. They both gasped out loud when they saw the pheasant dripping in a butter sauce with small button mushrooms and tiny onions floating in it. Under the next cloche was the meat pies the maid had promised. They were thick with a flaky crust. Rose quickly uncovered the rest to find a bowl of mashed potatoes, a platter of roasted vegetables, and two slices of blueberry pie topped with fresh cream.  “My god,” Rose whispered. Maric looked up to see her face as stunned as his and they both broke out in laughter.  Maric grabbed the closest plate and scooped himself a hearty serving of mashed potatoes followed by one of the meat pies. Rose went for the pheasant first and a roll of bread, which she promptly slathered with butter.“What did you tell them to get this?” Maric asked, his mouth full. The crust of the meat pie melted in his mouth and he was pleased to find thick pieces of lamb inside.  Rose smiled through a mouthful of food herself. One hand held her fork while the other the roll and she was eating from them interchangeably. Though they ate decently on the road, it was nice to not have to eat something cooked over a campfire. And, in Maric’s case, it was nice to eat something that he had no hand in. Typically, he ate for survival not pleasure. Tonight, he would indulge.“I told them that tonight was our wedding night.”The food turned to ash in Maric’s mouth.Rose watched as Maric’s face went pale. “Of course it was a lie. I needed to tell them something to let me into your room.”“Yes, I suspected as much when the innkeeper told me my wife had arrived.” There was a slight pause. “You are relentless.” Rose was relieved to see that Maric continued to eat. There was a moment of fear that shot through her that Maric would get up and leave despite only a towel covering his nakedness.    Maric began chewing slower, a frown forming and growing deep. “I cannot prevent you from following me. I cannot even prevent you from interfering in my life.”“Does this mean I can join you?” Rose asked hopefully.  “Yes, but only because I do not believe I can prevent you from doing so. I shudder to imagine what else you have planned.”Rose was relieved that she didn’t have to go through with the rest of her plan either. Though, to her surprise, the relief was intermingled with disappointment. She had seen Maric naked twice now and appreciated the sight. He was sitting across from her now nearly naked and the valley between her legs throbbed with the memory of when just a short time before the weight of his body pressed down against hers.It was only then that she discovered that she was truly disappointed that she could not enact the rest of her plan. Maric handed her a slice of blueberry pie and took the other for himself. He dipped a finger into the cream and licked it and sighed deep in pleasure. “It has been a long time since I had dessert.” Rose’s body felt hot as Maric licked his other fingers before turning his attention to the pie in front of him. He had caught her eye and winked while doing so. Was he trying to seduce her? Rose quickly glanced at the bed beside her. Presumably, they would both be sleeping in it tonight. It was wide enough to fit three across comfortably.  Rose picked at her pie. She was stuffed full from the supper provided and based on her experience, it was excellent. Not even the cooks at the palace could compete with the food they had tonight.  “It has been a while since I ate this well,” Rose said.  “Nor, sleep so well,” Maric said, indicating to the bed. “The last night I slept in a bed-”“Was at Fabienne’s,” Rose finished for him. Maric had the decency to snap his mouth shut, though why Rose didn’t know. It wasn’t as if she had some kind of claim over him.  “Yes,” Maric began again cautiously.“Did you know that she invited me to her bed the first night I was in Pine Hollow?”Maric’s eyes opened wide. “Of course, she didn’t know you were a woman.” He paused. “Did she?”Rose laughed.  “No, I suspect not. She is a bold woman. I like her. She knows what she wants and she reaches out and takes it. It’s not so common in this world.”Maric joined in Rose’s laughter. “Yes, Fabienne is a rare one.”“Lucky too. She has no husband to mind her.”“Is that why you were disguised as Jacques? Did you run away from a bad marriage?”“No, not quite like that,” Rose said quietly. “I was engaged to be married. But, I didn’t run away because of the man I was to marry. He was a kind man, and he would have been a loving husband. I know that,” she said, holding her hand to her heart. Maric’s eyes softened.  “Did you love him?”“Yes, I think I did. But, the funny thing was that I don’t know if I loved him or if I was fated to fall in love with him.”Maric smiled widely at her.  “And, what is that supposed to mean?”“That I didn’t have any choice in the matter. That my destiny was decided for me long before. All woven in a tale to tell for generations.”Maric looked at her strangely. “How would you know if it wasn’t destiny?”“The only way was to run away. To see if our love for one another could be tested.”“And was it?”“Yes. And, it failed.”

Rose didn’t tell Maric about Philip, Prince Philip who was now King Philip of Valenris the country they were presently passing through. She didn’t tell him that after she ran away and joined The Fleur Chantante, she had learned months later that Philip had married someone else. She didn’t tell him how she cried for weeks until one day the tears just stopped and she moved on with her life. They weren’t fated to be with one another. That life, her old life, was truly just a fairy tale. Now, she would make it something real, something her own.However, though the tears stopped flowing, the pain never subsided. Every time she thought of Philip, her heart cried out for him. She was filled with anger at him for marrying someone else, for loving someone else, and anger at herself. Why did she run? She could be happily married, Queen of Valenris, with Philip by her side. She could be the mother to the new prince, Tristan. Rose imagined that the baby prince looked like Philip, with his soft brown hair and warm eyes. Philip’s eyes would sparkle with mischief whenever they thought of something clever to do or say, especially against his father, King Hubert. He loved teasing his father and his younger brother, Adrian, whom Rose only met once. The younger prince was only fifteen when they met, closer to her age than she was to Philip’s. She saw how much Philip loved him and how much Adrian loved him back.  Philip will be an excellent father, Rose thought, smiling sadly to herself. Father to children that will never be her own.  Maric watched her silently. There was a small knock on the door and when Rose went to open it, she saw that the maid had returned to remove the trays. She blushed when she saw Maric sitting there in only a towel, but Maric ignored her. Once she was gone, Rose knew that there wasn’t anything left to do but to go to bed.“I can sleep on the couch,” Maric said. The couch was small, with only enough room to seat two if they sat very closely together. Maric’s tall frame would mean that his whole bottom half of his body would hang off the end of the couch. He would be more comfortable sleeping on the forest floor, Rose thought.“Nonsense. There is plenty of room on the bed. We slept together for these past three nights, we can manage again.” Rose should have chosen her words more wisely as Maric had a look of hunger on his face even though he had just eaten. It was a different kind of hunger, one that Rose knew was filled with danger, but pleasure and excitement if he allowed it. For she knew that if Maric reached out for her now, she would be his entirely.Rose walked to the other side of the bed and sank down into the mattress. It was soft, softer than what she would expect from a bed at an inn. The quilt on top was clean and the sheets white. The pillows smelled of lavender and Rose wasn’t surprised to find a sprig of it tucked neatly into the pillowcase. She quickly removed her robe and slipped under the covers while Maric blew out the candles.  The room filled with darkness. Only a sliver of moonlight came through the window and Rose could just make out Maric moving back to the bed. He hesitated for a moment, before dropping the towel, and pulling the quilt over his body. Rose shivered at the thought of how she was sharing a bed with a naked man. She was tempted to reach over and touch him but feared where that would lead.Coward.  They both laid still, Rose afraid to make any movement. She knew Maric was still awake, his breathing was light and short, instead of the deep breaths and slight snore that she had become used to in the past few nights.  She didn’t know how long she laid there, her eyes staring up at the ceiling, but it must have been at least an hour until she felt Maric shift and sit up.  “This is the damned most uncomfortable night of sleep I’ve ever had.”“Is the bed too soft?” Rose asked, even though she felt the same. She could be laying on a bed of clouds and still feel as if it were a bed of rocks with as much tension that filled the room.    Maric stood and glared down at her. “You know why. I can’t stay here a moment longer. I-I-”“What?”“I don’t trust myself around you. Not with me like this,” he said, motioning to his nakedness. Rose’s eyes followed his hands and they widened when they saw his thick arousal. He seemed momentarily embarrassed and reached for the towel he dropped earlier and wrapped it around his waist. “And, not with you like that, in this bed, in this room that smells like damned roses.”“Where are you going?”“Out,” he said, pulling on his boots. It was the only article of clothing the maid did not take with her.  “I need some air. Some relief.”After haranguing the maid for his clothes back, and frightening the woman half to death, Maric dressed and stepped into the cool night air.  He took in some deep, steady breaths to calm himself, but still felt the blood raging through his body. Damn Rose. He growled in frustration.The clothes, still damp, stuck close to his body, but despite the chill, it did nothing to cool his blood and relieve the ache in his loins. There was only one way. He turned on his heel and headed to the town brothel.    The barkeep, a large man with a hooked nose and a thick black beard, scowled at Maric from the end of the bar. Maric would be scowling too if his best customer of the night was just drinking water. The bottom floor of the brothel was situated to be a small bar, with a few tables strewn about the room. Several girls came up to Maric during the past hour trying to tempt him upstairs, but when they realized that he had no coin, most of them disappeared with other customers. Only one, a rather plump lady that seemed to be about Maric’s own age, but the thick paste of powder and other makeup on her face made it impossible to tell. She looked at Maric as if he was something she would like to devour. Maric, himself, lost his appetite.  He would have tumbled her on any other occasion, there would be no need for even a bed, but his thoughts kept turning to Rose, so he kept on drinking his water.Men and, intriguingly enough, two women, passed through the bar area and up the stairs throughout the hour. Perivin, Maric learned, was a popular stopover to larger cities, including Beaumont. That was why such a small town boasted of three inns and a brothel. Many people didn’t stop for more than a night. And, by the constant foot traffic Maric saw, he and Rose were lucky to have a room for the night.Well, she was lucky anyway. Maric thought it was best to spend the rest of the night in the brothel, at least until the barkeep threw him out. The man glared at him and set down the glass he just filled for another man. He stepped towards Maric, a scowl planted on his face, when a voice called out.“Maric?”Maric turned to see a man walking down the stairs. He was quickly fixing the buttons on his trousers.“Alistair? What are you doing here?”“I should ask you the same,” Alistair laughed. “I thought you said you were heading south for the winter.”“I am.”Alistair fell down on the seat next to Maric and held up his hand. “Two ales,” he glanced down at the cup of water Maric was drinking and winced before adding, “and keep them coming.” Alistair dropped a few copper coins onto the counter. The barkeep instantly busied himself and two frothy mugs of cold ale appeared before them. Maric nodded his thanks to the barkeep, who ignored him and scooped up the coins into his hand and walked away to the farside of the counter.“I imagined you would be farther south by now. You left with such urgency. You didn’t even say farewell to-”“I was delayed. But, it is all handled now. I am still heading south.”Alistair leaned back and grinned. He was a handsome man, too handsome for his own good, Maric often thought. His hair was a golden blond that fell in thick waves across his head. His eyes a bright blue, the color of a clear sky. And, even his damned teeth were white and straight. Girls threw themselves at him wherever they stopped before, which begged the question.“Why are you here?”“Well, I ran into a spot of trouble at a farmhouse about two weeks back. I’ve been riding hell for leather since then. Just made it to this quaint little town tonight.”“Was she a comely lass?”Alistair’s eyes twinkled. “She had the longest legs, creamy white, like you have never seen Maric. And her lips, so soft, it was like kissing a cloud.”“Her father found you two.”Alistair snorted. “Likely, the father set it all up. It was him who invited me to stay at his home. I am certain he left the door to my room unlocked. I found the girl half naked in my bed when I woke in the middle of the night. What else was I to do?”“What else indeed?” said Maric under his breath. He took another long drink. “When her father came charging into the room, demanding that I marry the girl, I fled. Right out the window. I was lucky the bedroom was on the first floor. Would have broken my neck otherwise, or, worse, woken up with a leg shackle.”Maric chuckled to himself. He wanted to say that this was a rare occurrence for Alistair, but unfortunately once many papas and mamas discovered his true identity, they began scheming. Alistair Theriault was the youngest son of Lord Magnus Theriault, the Duke of Evermore and the king’s uncle and one of his closest advisors. This also meant that Alistair was the king’s own cousin. But, from what Maric gathered, Alistair was the black sheep of the family, running off joining reckless enterprises and unsuspectingly sleeping with women looking to be rich and powerful.Maric thanked the gods that he was not him.  “And you? I did not expect you here, not alone at least. Usually you’re cozied up yourself with a girl of your own. Unless-” He looked up the stairs from where he just descended. The upper floor of the brothel consisted of rooms for the ladies of the establishment. Maric didn’t need to go up there to know what he would find. The Red Orchid was much like the brothels found in any town, though, in his opinion, slightly cleaner than most. However, the girls were the same. Most of them were painted garrously with white paint on their faces and dark red lips. They were farm girls who moved to the town for more excitement, unwed single mothers, and just enterprising women like Fabienne but without the luck of being in possession of a dead husband’s money. Most of them choose this life as it keeps them off the cold streets and puts food in their bellies and those of their loved ones. Maric rarely used brothels himself, and if he did, it was only if the girl was willing as much as he. Much like Alistair, Maric didn’t need to look too hard to find companionship for the night. He was certain Alistair was pulled off the street by one of the girls when they clapped eyes on him. And, Alistair never turned down a free lay.  Maric held up a hand. “Not tonight. No coin.”“Ah, well, I have plenty of it,” Alistair said, jiggling his full coin purse. He dropped a few more coins and the barkeep brought two more mugs of ale. “Let us celebrate our reunion.” Rose woke with the first light. She was surprised she fell asleep at all. Her last thought was about Maric, wondering where he went and when he would return. She turned to her side and saw that the bed was empty and cold. He never came back during the night.  When she sat up, Rose saw that his sword and his pack were still there. He didn’t leave without me then, she thought as she swung her feet over the edge of the bed. She quickly put on one of the dresses that she bought the day before. As she suspected, it was a little too loose around her waist and she had to lace it up tight. Otherwise, Rose turned to see how she looked in the mirror, and she looked presentable enough. She splashed clean, cold water on her face that was left in a bowl on the stand near the tub. The maid must have snuck into the room early in the morning to fill it as there was also a fire burning in the fireplace.  Rose pulled on her boots and opened the door to find a tall, blond man standing there, his hand raised as if to knock. She gasped in surprise. He was the most gorgeous man Rose had ever set her eyes on. He smiled broadly at her and bowed slightly. He was incredibly handsome, his smile causing a dimple to show up on his left cheek. He also looked oddly familiar, like she had met him once upon a time. Once upon a dream, perhaps, she thought wryly.Rose pulled her eyes from the stranger to see Maric slung heavily over the man’s shoulder.“What happened to him?” Rose asked, her voice raised in alarm. Maric looked unconscious. Did he have another nightmare? Another collapse?“Too many ales, followed by some rum and whiskey,” the man said, helping Rose move Maric to the bed. “I am sorry to intrude. The innkeeper told me that this was his room.” The man dropped Maric rather unceremoniously onto the bed. Maric didn’t even stir.“Yes, it is,” Rose said, taking one of Maric’s booted feet in her hand and pulling the boot free. She began to work on the other. This would delay their departure. She suspected that Maric didn’t sleep all night. At least, she will have a few hours in the morning to replenish their supplies. Maric had been vague about their destination. Besides saying it was in the south, he did not specify how many days it would take to reach their destination, how arduous the journey, or what dangers they may face.Rose left the rest of Maric’s clothes on and pulled the quilt to cover his body. Though the room was nicely warm from the fire, Maric was out all night in damp clothes and would be lucky if he hadn’t caught a chill.Rose turned and to her surprise the man was still standing there watching her curiously.“May I introduce myself? I am Alistair, an old friend of Maric’s.”Rose raised an eyebrow. “Maric has friends?” The man laughed loudly, causing Maric to stir but not wake. Alistair took a step closer to her, his eyes hooded and a sensual smile playing on his lips. He grasped Rose’s hand in his and brought it up to his lips. Rose felt her heart flutter as Alistair kissed the back of her hand.   “And you, my beauty, are?”“My wife,” a low voice said. “And, you will be kind enough to keep your damned hands off of her.”Rose turned to see Maric propped up against the bed. He looked terrible as a night of drinking was wont to do.  Alistair turned slowly to Maric. “If you had such a lovely wife tucked away snug, why the devil did I find you at the brothel?”Maric’s jaw clenched and his eyes burned. Rose pulled her hand away from Alistair, surprised that he still held it on his own. Alistair smiled innocently at Rose. “If I had known, fair maiden, I would have brought your husband right back to you.”“But, instead, you plied him with alcohol.” Alistair opened his mouth but Rose held up his hand. “All that matters is he is back.” She looked at Maric with her eyebrow raised. They would maintain the charade of being a married couple then? Rose wanted to ask Maric why. Presumably, they would be leaving today, and though it is unusual for a man and woman who are not married to travel together, it wasn’t entirely unheard of. Of course, passing themselves off as husband and wife would make traveling a bit easier.  “You are a lucky man, Maric. Your wife does not easily get jealous.” Alistair returned his gaze to Rose and looked her up and down appreciatively. “She is a great beauty too. Where did you find her?”“I found him,” Rose answered, becoming increasingly annoyed that Alistair was referring to her as if she was not present while she stood there in front of him. “I pursued him.” Which was true, Rose thought.  Alistair’s eyes widened. “Then, my lady, you are a force to be reckoned with.”Rose and Alistair left Maric to wash up. Despite his protests that he was not tired, Rose knew he could do with a good night’s sleep as much as she knew that he would refuse to and demand to be on the road as soon as possible. They headed down to the tavern below where they ran into the maid on the stairs with a tray of food. Rose redirected her to follow her back down to the dining room. Alistair joined her at one of the tables, though Rose did not invite him to sit down.  “How do you know Maric?” Rose asked as the maid uncovered the trays. On the platters before them were sausages, bacon, and eggs, with thick slices of toasted bread, slices of cheese, and Rose was surprised to see a cluster of fresh picked strawberries with cream. She picked up a piece of toast and began slathering it with butter followed by jam, while Alistair helped himself to a sausage link and a large helping of eggs.“We traveled together for the past three years.”“Fighting monsters?”“Yes, and some other work.” When Alistair did not say more, Rose asked, “Why is it that I have not heard of you? All the stories are about Maric the Monster Hunter, not Alistair.”  A pained expression passed over his face. “I try to keep my movements quiet. My family, you see, does not approve.”Alistair was highborn, that was obvious enough by the way he held himself with confidence. He was tall and well muscled, like Maric, and did not have the stoop of someone who worked the land. Neither did Maric, but Maric’s face was dark from spending too much time in the sun, while Alistair was pale, though not sickly. But, it was his eyes that was the most telling. They lit up with humor as if everything around him was humorous somehow. There was always a joke to be had. It was the eyes of someone who grew up with money and never knew a day of hard work in their life. It wasn’t indolent, but, Rose thought, maybe naive.  He smiled at her from across the table and Rose smiled back. She wondered if he would smile at her if she knew what she was thinking. His smile began to brighten and his voice dropped to a whisper.“You are absolutely beautiful, Rose. You are wasted on a scoundrel like Maric. Run away with me.” One of his hands reached out and grasped hers. Rose would be lying to herself if she said she wasn’t tempted. Alistiar truly was gorgeous. Even the maid stammered nervously when she led them to the tavern floor minutes before. Rose was concerned she would drop the tray entirely, but Alistair swooped it out of her arms, like a true gentleman. The maid blushed furiously before standing back and gaping at Alistair until her husband called her away. And, Rose was an artist. She could appreciate true beauty when she saw it.Before Rose could pull away, a hand fell onto Alistair’s shoulder, causing him to sit up in alarm. Rose looked up to find Maric watching her closely as if reading her thoughts. A frown deepened on his face, but that was his usual look, so Rose ignored the flutters in her stomach. “You will leave my wife alone,” Maric said. “Though, I know she has enough sense not to run off with a wastrel like you.”  “It was only in jest,” Alistair said with a wide smile while he winked at Rose, he let her hand go, which was nice as she was able to use it to scoop up some eggs and bacon for herself and continue eating. Maric helped himself to the food before him, picking two large sausages and several slices of toast. He buttered them as he glared at Alistair.“When are you leaving?”“Maric!” Rose said. “That is rude. He is your friend. And, he hasn’t even begun telling me of all of your adventures.” She didn’t realize it until just then that Alistair would be a great source for her ballad. She didn’t even know Maric was capable of having friends, as prickly as he was.Alistair beamed at her. “Well, let me tell you of the time we came across a small village full of strigois. It was near midnight and Maric here wanted to sleep the night in the chapel until morning, but I told him that we would rush in there and kill the strigoi when they least expected it.”Maric snorted. “What Alistair is not saying is that the chapel was the safest refuge we could have taken. The strigoi would not cross the threshold of a holy place.”  Alistair waved his hand, dismissing Maric’s statement.“What he is also not saying is that strigois are most active at night. They fear the sunlight. And, that by the time we came across the village, they had not fed in days. We walked right into their clawed hands.”“Yet, here we are, alive, to regale the tale to your lovely lady,” said Maric. “As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted,” Alistair continued, his bright blue eyes falling on Rose’s own, “We crept into the village. There was not even the moonlight to guide our way.”“Another reason we should have waited until morning,” Maric grumbled under his breath. Alistair glared at him, but even Rose could tell he was not serious. Before he could open his mouth again, Maric said, “I followed him down the main road in town, where we were, predictably, attacked. We fought back and are lucky to be alive today. The day is getting late. Let’s go, Rose.” Maric stood and looked at Rose expectantly.Alistair frowned. “That’s not a way to tell a story at all. No drama, no subtly. Am I right?”“I will have to agree with you both. That was no way to tell a story, but Maric is right, it is time to leave.” It was already closing in on midmorning and there were still supplies to be purchased.  Rose bid Alistair a farewell. She regretted that she wouldn’t be able to spend more time with the charming man. He was a salve compared to Maric. And, he knew so much about Maric, so much more than Rose did. If she had a little more time with him, maybe it would help her write her song. The adventure with the strigoi would make a good little prelude.  “Well, I have nowhere to be anytime soon. I will join you on your adventures.” Alistair stood and pointedly looked at Maric, who seemed as if he was about to burst with indignation, before turning his gaze to Rose. “Of course, if you will allow it, milady.”Rose looked between Alistair’s grinning face to Maric’s frowning one. “Yes, of course, we would be delighted.”Alistair excused himself to go gather his possessions from the inn across town. He said he would meet them at the stables in an hour. It was more than enough time to purchase some supplies.“You are scheming.”“What do you mean?” Rose asked as Maric followed her through the markets.  “You invited Alistair to join us so you could interrogate him for information. Information about me.”“Well, you are not the most forthcoming. And, I like his company.” Maric grumbled something under his breath. Rose ignored him. “And, as you said many times before, we are walking into danger. It would be wise of us to include someone else that can fight. We will be safer in numbers.”  “Fine, have it your way. But, I will not be risking my neck for both you and Alistair. He’s reckless, which makes him more dangerous than many of the monsters we will encounter.” Maric stalked off leaving her standing in the middle of the street.  More the merrier, Rose thought, shrugging, and heading to the bakery. They would need more bread and cheese and whatever else Rose could find now that Alistair was joining them. She would also need to sharpen her knives at the blacksmith. Alistair may be reckless and Maric overly cautious, but Rose tended to agree with Maric. It was better to be prepared for the worse than be caught unawares and be dead. Despite what Maric thought, Alistair would be a good addition to their little group. She had seen a cloud of tension and worry on Maric’s face the farther south they travelled. There was something he was not telling her.The day was not turning out as Maric had hoped. He did not give Alistair a passing thought the night before as they sat drinking at the brothel, but seeing him breaking fast with Rose this morning, all smiles, Maric was overcome by the sudden urge to ram his fist down the man’s throat. Rose was right, Alistair was an old friend, well, as old as he could remember, and Maric was stunned by the weight of his jealousy. He is just too damned handsome, Maric thought. He would have Rose eating out of his hands in no time.That was unfair. Rose was a smart woman. She would know better than succumb to Alistair’s wiles. But, damned if Alistair wasn’t charming. Maric rubbed his chin with the heel of his hand in agitation. And, of course, he would join them. Alistair was always up for a lark. And, Maric suspected his intentions weren’t exactly pure with Rose, despite Maric’s claim that Rose was his wife.   During the night of drinking with Alistair, Maric had come to the decision that he would let whatever happened between him and Rose to happen. She was as much attracted to him as he was to her. Why did he stop last night? She wanted him as much as he wanted her. Maric reached up and touched his lips. He could still taste her.  It’ll be all the harder now with Alistair dogging their steps. There won’t be one moment of privacy.  Maric growled in frustration, before stopping dead cold in his tracks. In front of the stable, he saw Rose talking with Alistair and a woman with long dark hair. She didn’t need to turn for Maric to see the sardonic smile playing on her lips and her dark green eyes sparkling with sensuality.Odette.  “Milady!”Rose turned to see that Alistair was leading a large white horse out of the stable and waving at her. She smiled to herself. In the daylight, with the large white horse, and the silver on his armor shining brightly in the sunlight, his golden hair, sparkling blue eyes, Alistair truly looked like a knight of legend. Who people thought of when they imagined a hero. Not at all like Maric.Alistair paused and rushed over to help her carry the parcels she had balanced precariously in a large stack in her arms.   “Thank you,” she said. A woman stepped out of the stable with a black horse of her own and she looked over to where Alistair and Rose stood. She looked at Rose curiously with a toothy smile on her face.“This is Odette Delevingne,” Alistair said. “She is my companion and stated that she will be joining us.” The lady bowed her head slightly to Rose, which Rose returned. “This is the one I told you about,” Alistair said to Odette, his eyes lingering on Rose and filled with mischief. “This is Rose, Maric’s wife.”Odette was beautiful, though not in the classical sense. Her face was narrow, and her eyes were large and slightly tilted upwards at the edges creating an exotic slant. They were green with speckles of gold and it was her loveliest feature, though they looked at Rose with a hard glint. Her lips were turned up in a sardonic smile. Rose was taken aback and wondered what she did to offend the woman.  Odette looked over Rose’s shoulder and her face transformed into a brilliant smile. Rose turned to see Maric make his way to them. He was frowning, but for the first time, his frown wasn’t directed at her.“Odette,” he said, standing by Rose.  Odette smiled at him and leaned in for a kiss. He turned away so that her lips fell on his cheek.  “What are you doing here?”“I invited her to join us on our quest,” Alistair said, amusement plastered on his face. He placed a hand on Rose’s shoulder. “The more the merrier, right?” he said, echoing Rose’s earlier thoughts.Rose caught Maric’s eye. He looked at her as if he was expecting her to make the decision. “Yes, I don’t see why not,” she said, filling the awkward silence that descended on them.Alistair laughed and began to guide Rose into the stables to Daffodil leaving Maric standing outside with Odette. Rose turned to see Odette sidle up to Maric, her face hard and angry.“Who is she? Who is that bitch?” Odette seethed.“I won’t let you disparage my wife,” Maric said.  “Your wife? I do not believe it, neither does Alistair.”“Believe it or not, she is. If you do not like it, you can go. I did not invite you here.”Odette smiled, her lips curling like a cat that got into the cream and Maric was suddenly wary. “No, I will stay. You walked away from me before, I won’t let you do so again. Your wife cannot do for you what I can,” she said, trailing her hand down his chest until it lingered there on his belt. Maric swallowed. It didn’t help that he was filled with pent up need from being with Rose these past few days. Having Odette here was a temptation that he did not ask for.“We’re finished. I told you months ago.” Maric pushed past her and walked into the stable to see Alistair helping Rose on top of Daffodil. Rose was laughing at something he had said and Alistair was smiling up at her. They looked perfect together. Like a prince and princess in a fairy tale. Maric wanted nothing more than to throw Alistair down to the ground and beat him within an inch of his life.  “Are you two ready to leave?” Maric asked louder than he intended. Both stopped laughing instantly and Rose frowned. She nudged Daffodil forward until the horse reached Maric.“Are you okay? You seem pricklier than usual.”Maric ground his teeth. “I’m just impatient to leave. We will have to ride hard and fast to reach the next village before nightfall unless you want to spend another night in the woods.”“Fine by me,” Alistair said from on top of his own horse. “Nothing is more romantic than sleeping under the stars, I say.”

The group left immediately riding out of the south gate of Perivin. Maric took the lead as he was the only one who knew where their final destination would be, but, even when Rose pressed him, he could not say it was nothing more than a feeling. Rose could tell it was more than that by the way his lips pressed flat and how his face paled even under this dark tan. Maric was hurting, and he was hurting more and more the farther south they traveled. Despite what Maric thought, Rose was worried and glad to have Alistair and even Odette in their party now. She suspected that whatever they faced next would be much more terrifying than the basilisks.  Odette rode alongside Maric, while Rose rode with Alistair several paces behind. Maric glanced over his shoulder every few minutes and locked eyes with Rose, before turning abruptly away. This seemed to amuse Alistair endlessly.“He keeps a close eye on you,” Alistair began, “I would too if you were my wife.” He leaned in close to her. “More than just an eye.” Rose ignored the remark. “How long have you known Maric?”“About three years,” Alistair replied, sitting back down on his saddle.  “After his accident then?”“After he lost his memory, you mean? Yes, it was afterwards. We met in a small town called Bredon at the house of a, well, a lady we both had a close acquaintance with. He seemed familiar to me, like I had met him before in some place at some other time. We talked much of the night and he told me that he was tasked with killing an ogre in the area, one that had killed two children within the past fortnight. We found the beast two nights later in a cave alongside a rocky mountain and brought its head back to the mayor and was rewarded with a few gold coins from the town’s coffer and another night at,” Alistair began coughing, “well, all I shall say was we were well rewarded for our troubles. We found that we worked well together.”“And you have been with him ever since?”“More or less. We separated at times. But, our paths often crossed. We parted last in the beginning of summer. I did not expect to see him so soon, and, of course, with a wife.”“I don’t believe he did either,” Rose muttered under her breath.  “Excuse me?”“What about her?” Rose stuck out her chin to Odette, who was sidling up to Maric and speaking to him in low tones.  “Odette? I discovered Maric and her together cozed up in an inn, much like how I found you this morning. She’s a half-breed.”Rose’s eyes widened in surprise. “She’s fey?”Alistair nodded. “Partly so, I believe on her father’s side, which is unusual. It is typically the fey women who sleep with mortal men and run off with his seed in their belly so they can raise their child in their world.” Rose found herself blushing. “Odette was different. Her human mother raised her and she has never been beyond the veil.” Rose was astounded. She knew that Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather were of the fey themselves but she knew no others.  “Who is she to Maric?” Rose asked, though she feared the answer.“Oh, they were lovers. Up until a few months ago, and before yourself of course. But, I would not worry, milady, Maric will not succumb to her charms as he has many times before. You are quite safe in trusting him.”“Even though he spent the night in a brothel?”Alistair shrugged and said no more but smiled at Rose.  Maric looked over his shoulder again to see Alistair talking animatedly with Rose. Rose, in turn, damn her, smiled and laughed in return and began speaking just as enthusiastically. Both of their eyes fell on Maric’s before turning away and talking some more. He wanted to know what they were talking about, and he felt a chill down his spine that it was most likely about him. He forced his eyes forward.“Who is she? You didn’t answer me before.”Maric looked over at Odette, who had been riding silently beside him until that moment. She had watched him warily over the past few hours, as if unsure how to broach the topic of Rose. This was unusual with her as Odette was typically all lightning and thunder, her anger easily sparked.  “Her name is Rose. She is a traveling bard.” Odette sniffed at that. She disdained women who were not trained as fighters as she was. She particularly detested women who married and let their husbands dictate their lives for them.  “And you married her?”“Yes,” Maric lied. He did not know why he kept it up if only to irk Alistair. Though, Alistair seemed more pleased than anything else. It certainly did not deter him from flirting shamelessly with Rose. And, it didn’t prevent Rose from flirting back at him. A tinkling of laughter drifted up from behind him and Maric turned again to see Rose smiling broadly at something Alistair said.  “If she is your wife, she may not be yours for much longer,” Odette said with a toothy smile. “You know how women are around Alistair.”Maric only knew all too well. Maric had his fair share of women. It came easily to him, but he did not have Alistair’s fair face or his lineage. While women invited Maric into their bed because he exuded an aura of danger, which meant a promising coupling, women invited Alistair because he looked like an angel and he was rich as Palti. While Maric left women well pleased, Alistair left broken hearts and dreams. One could do worse than being the wife of the duke’s son and a king’s cousin.  The only female that seemed immune to Alistair’s charms was Odette herself. She seemed to prefer him, though Maric did not know why. They destroyed many a room with their lovemaking whenever they met on the road. Odette was a fierce lover and Maric wondered how many scars on his back were from her and not from his nightmares.  Maric cleared his throat and his thoughts and, as if Odette could read his mind, she reached out to him and placed a hand on his thigh. Her green eyes looked up to him, sparkling with mischief. “I would love to become reacquainted. It’s been too long, far too long.” Her lips turned up sensually and her eyes grew heavy and hooded.  There was a soft cough behind them. “Maric, dear, I was wondering where we will be stopping for the night,” Rose said, sidling up to Maric’s other side. She arched her eyebrow when she saw Odette’s hand on Maric’s thigh, but Odette, the nerve of the woman, did not withdraw it immediately. Instead, she looked at Rose as if she would tear her face off.  “There is a farmhouse not far from here.  I know the couple who lives there.” Maric knew that they would be passing close to the Boucher’s farm. Originally, he did not intend to stop, the driving urgency to head south propelling him forward, but when Rose came upon him and Odette, her face pinched with annoyance with Odette before turning to him and smiling- a true, genuine smile, the words were out of his mouth before he could stop them.He suddenly had the urge to introduce Rose to the Bouchers and his only family to this woman who he was still struggling to understand his feelings for. If he quieted his mind for a moment, he was astounded to learn that how he felt for Rose was more than just lust. He truly enjoyed her companionship, her laughter and the lightness he felt around her. There was a sense of rightness. Of belonging.The others followed Maric through the woods down a beaten path until the trees broke free around them and they saw a small farmhouse in the valley below. From the top of the hillside, Rose could see the dotted white specks of sheep ambling along the opposite hill. Three cows and one steer were corralled in a distant field, while two horses, a matching pair of large draft horses grazed nearby. They were surrounded by wheat and barley fields.  “What do you think?” Maric asked Rose. She turned to see a fleeting smile on his face.  “It is absolutely lovely.”“Do you think you could live in a place like this?”“I often dream of a place like this, a home to call my own.” She smiled up at Maric and was surprised to see him smiling back at her in return, his eyes watching her carefully.  He nodded at her response. “Let’s go down. I want you to meet the only family I know.”A sense of calm passed over Maric as he led Clover down a dirt path towards the farmhouse. A woman stood just outside the door and when they got close enough she let out of a shout of excitement and began waving wildly. It was good to be home.  The throbbing in his head seemed to ease the closer they got to the farmhouse. Rose looked about her with a smile on her face, as if she could truly be content living here, perhaps, Maric thought, with him.  Two children broke free from the house running towards Maric. He jumped off Clover and was tackled by a boy and girl.  “Maric! You’re home!” the girl smiled up at him. Her younger brother clutched onto one of Maric’s legs and whooped in joy.  “I’m home. How have you been Lina, Hugo?”“We helped papa bring in the harvest this year,” Lina said, her smile wide and revealing a row of missing teeth. Hugo looked up at Maric with an identical smile before looking around Maric’s legs and gasping out.  “You brought friends!” Hugo detached himself from Maric and walked boldly towards Odette  and reached out to touch her hand. Odette flinched away with a frown on her face.  Maric laughed. “Let me introduce you all. This is Lina,” Maric said, indicating to the girl who hid shyly behind Maric’s hand. “And this is Hugo.”Hugo called out. “And, we’re Maric’s brother and sister.”Rose knelt down by Lina and reached out her hand. Lina took it hesitantly and Rose gave it a soft shake. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Lina. Are you happy to have your brother home?”“Yes, it has been a long time.”“I was home last only two months ago,” Maric said. “It wasn’t too long, was it?”“Yes, it was,” Lina scowled up at him. “But, it does not matter. You are home now. Are you home to stay?”“Only for the night. I am sorry, but we will make it worth our while.” Lina huffed and stalked off towards Hugo, who was chatting animatedly with Alistair. Alistair was showing Hugo his horse, Regent.  Maric gave Rose a wry smile. “She is hard to please.”“She just misses you,” Rose replied. “They both love you.”Maric snorted, watching as Lina latched onto Odette as the woman sidled away from the girl with a look of mild panic in her eyes. Hugo took the reins of Clover and Daffodil and was leading them both to the stable, with Alistair and Odette following behind. Maric held out his hand. “I would like to introduce you to the rest of my family.”Rose placed her hand into his and to her surprise, he laced his fingers with hers and led her to the farmhouse where a man now stood joining the woman.  “Maric, what a lovely surprise,” the woman said. The man beamed at them both. She looked over at Rose curiously.“Rose, this is Pierre and Margot. They saved my life.” Rose opened her mouth, but Maric continued. “You can ask them all the questions you want later. Pierre, Margot, this is Rose, my wife.”Margot let out a high-pitched shriek of glee before throwing herself into Maric and hugging him tightly. She then turned to Rose and pulled her into a hug just as tight and long as the one she gave him.  “Congratulations, my boy,” Pierre said, slapping Maric on the back.  “Please, please come in,” Margot said, looping her arm into Rose’s and patting her hand. “There is so much you need to tell us. I knew Maric would find his true love one day. No one deserves it more.”Rose shot Maric a sharp glance before they all went inside the house.  Rose took another handful of peas and began to shell them. The simple act of doing so was soothing, it reminded her of when she lived in the cottage with Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. There was a sense of peace in doing something as simple as cooking. Rose often cooked for her aunts, or the fairies as she now knew them, typically simple yet filling recipes like the one they were making now. Margot was busy cutting up some potatoes and carrots beside her.  “How long have you and Maric been married?” Margot asked, placing the vegetables aside and began mixing flour and water to make dough for the chicken pies she planned for dinner.  “Not long,” Rose said. Though it was not a lie, not really, Rose felt a stab of guilt. What was Maric thinking when he told them that they were husband and wife? Why would he lie to the people he loved most? And, it was obvious that he loved the Bouchers.  Rose looked out the window to see that the sun was just above the tops of the trees. It will be dark in another hour or two, but the pies will be ready before then. She could see Alistair brushing down the horses and leading them, one by one, to the field to graze. Odette was walking briskly with Lina and Hugo dogging her steps. By their expressions, Rose could tell that the children were asking her questions, especially after Alistair let it slip that Odette was half-fey. Odette was doing her best to outpace them. Maric and Pierre had gone off to slaughter the chickens, but they were gone for far longer than the task would have required of them. Rose assumed that Pierre was asking Maric the same questions that Margot was asking her now.  “Where did you meet?”“In Pine Hollow,” Rose hesitated. She certainly wasn’t going to tell Margot that she was disguised as a man at the time. “I was performing at the local tavern.” Margot raised an eyebrow in question. “I play the lute and sing.”“A musician! How lovely! If you don’t mind, will you play for us tonight?”“Of course.”“I am so happy that Maric has found you. Was it love at first sight?”Rose blushed. It was certainly not love, not from Rose’s end anyways, but something more carnal. “Not love, no, but there was… an attraction.”“He is a handsome boy,” Margot nodded.  Rose cleared her throat and changed the topic. “Maric told me that you rescued him.”“Yes, that was,” Margot looked off into the distance as if thinking, “about four years ago this past spring. Pierre and the children were the ones that found him. They had gone fishing for the day, having finished all the chores early. He wanted to teach Lina and Hugo how to fish, even though they were only three at the time.” She smiled. “I suspected that they spent more time in the water than out of it.”“They had fished for an hour in a nearby pond with not much luck, so they moved to the river. It was there that they found Maric washed up on the bank. Pierre sent the children home immediately. He didn’t know then if he had found a man or a body.” Margot pounded the dough with her fists, before smoothing it out and grabbing a roller. “After seeing to the children, I took one of the horses and the cart down to Pierre. I had my kit with me.” Margot stilled, her hands laying flat in the dough. Her eyes filled with tears. “He was such a frightful sight. Nothing but skin and bones. He was half the size he is now. And, when we turned him over and saw his back… I was certain he was dead. But, Pierre was the one to tell me that there was a heartbeat, very faint. We rushed him home. It took him weeks to wake.”“You both saved his life.”“We only did what was right.” Margot wiped away a tear from her cheek and gave Rose a trembling smile. “For weeks, I worried that he would die, that he would give up fighting. Every night he thrashed as if in pain. Then the fever came and all I could do was to keep him cool. But, you are with him now. You do love him right?”Rose bit her lip. “Yes, I think I do.”“Good. He has no one else, besides us, of course. He cannot remember his past.”“The nightmares. I believe that they show what had happened to him.”Margot nodded. “Yes, he was plagued with them even when he was here, especially during the first few months after we found him. He never told us what they showed, and we had no right in asking him. They must be painful.”Rose was certain that Maric’s nightmares would reveal to him his past, his true identity. But, his reluctance to speak about them, perhaps to even think about them, did not help. At times, she wondered if he ever wanted to know and return to his old life. Rose peered out the window and saw Maric laughing with Pierre. She was stunned. The laughter completely transformed him and for a fleeting second, he looked familiar. Her heart seemed to skip a beat.Maybe I am in love, Rose thought. She smiled to herself, almost with relief. She did not think she could love another man besides Philip. It tore her heart in two when she learned that Philip had married another, that he did not seek her out, or wait for her to return. But, Maric, she thought as she watched him begin walking towards the house, she knew would come for her. Rose didn’t know why, but he would.Maric looked up at that moment and Rose inhaled sharply as he smiled at her.“Who is the lass?” Pierre asked as he plucked the feathers expertly off the chicken he just slaughtered.  “Rose?”“Yes, your wife. Don’t avoid the question. I am sure Margot is interrogating her now as we speak.”Maric sighed, unsure how much he wanted to reveal to Pierre. Pierre, who stepped in as a surrogate father despite only being ten years older than Maric himself, had saved his life. And, more so, had put a roof over his head whenever he needed one. He gave Maric a home to return to when Maric didn’t even know if he had a home elsewhere. “She is bard, a rather good one. I met her a few days ago in Pine Hollow.”“A few days? Isn’t that a bit fast?”“I don’t know how to explain it, but I know she is the one.” Maric touched his chest. “I feel it in here.”Pierre gave him a sly smile. “You are in love then? I am glad for it and I know Margot will be as well. We had secretly hoped this for you, that you will begin to build new memories with a family of your own. Not that you are not part of ours,” he quickly added. “But, a man needs his own family to care for as much as a woman needs her own husband, children, and household. The love between a man and his wife, it is special. You get to choose who you want to be with not who you are born to.”Maric handed Pierre another chicken to pluck. Maric often wondered what his life was like before he lost his memory. He must have had a father and mother, perhaps farmers like Pierre and Margot, and even brothers and sisters. Did he also have a wife out there, one who was worrying over him? Or, even children? His heart told him no, despite it being a real possibility at his age. It was as if he was waiting his whole life for Rose. He just wished he could give her himself completely, his memories, his past, his whole being.  Maric let his mind touch on his most recent nightmare. He felt a pang in his head as he probed the dream, or was it a memory?In the most recent nightmare, he found himself outside his cell being led down the corridor by two guards, goblins. They were short in stature, only coming up to Maric’s waist, but they were wiry with muscle and in the time Maric had been imprisoned, he had lost all of his. One held a spear that he used to poke Maric in the back whenever he faltered, and the other a long knife that could have been a sword for something of its height. They both grinned up at him in delight as if what was to come next was a real treat.  Maric, hands bound in front of him with a fresh rope, stumbled forward until they came to a stone staircase that spiraled upwards.  “Go on now,” the goblin with the spear said, poking Maric in the rear with the sharp end of the spear. It wasn’t hard enough to draw blood, but the shock of pain propelled Maric forward and up the steps. The stairway was too narrow for all of them to stand side-by-side, so the two goblins fell behind him. Maric began to climb.He woke before he reached the top of the tower. Whatever was there throbbed with a green, nauseating energy, that had Maric falling against the walls to keep up his strength. Once, he fell backwards knocking the goblins over and they tumbled down two flights of steps before stopping. Instead of getting angry, the goblins cackled wildly as if it was some great trick, before pushing Maric to his feet. They seemed to wait in delight for him to fall again.  The climb went on for hours, or it seemed to. Maric sweated profusely, his tongue swollen, and the stairway blurred before him. He thought he would die there.  And then, he passed a window and the breeze cooled his face. He looked out and saw that he was several stories above the ground. The goblins running back and forth outside looked like ants. He was in an abandoned castle, one that looked familiar. Below him was a rushing river and Maric imagined what it would be like to dip into its cold water.  “Keep climbing!” The goblin smacked him across the face. Maric could taste the sharp, coppery warmth of blood in his mouth and spat it out onto the floor. The goblins cackled again. With a deep breath, Maric pushed off the wall, away from the window, and began climbing again. To his relief or horror, in a few steps he came to a large wooden door. A light escaped from the cracks casting everything around him, including himself, in a yellowish green. Maric felt sick to his stomach, but there was nothing to heave up. He hadn’t eaten or drank anything in days.One of the goblins pushed Maric aside and banged his small fist against the door.“Come in,” a low voice purred.Maric blinked his eyes quickly to force the memory of the dream away. His head was pounding again.“… is a lovely lass,” Pierre said. “And, Margot seems to have taken a shine to her.” Pierre nodded to the open window and Maric could see the two women laughing. Margot was rolling out some dough while Rose was shelling peas. Rose was wearing one of Margot’s canvas aprons, and had her sleeves rolled up. She looked completely at ease, as this was all familiar to her. Maric felt his chest grow warm and the headache begin to fade. Rose glanced up from the bowl of peas in front of her and caught Maric’s eye. She blushed becomingly before looking away.“She will make you a good wife,” Pierre said standing, holding up the chickens. “Let’s bring this in.”Rose and Margot looked up when Maric and Pierre entered the house. Pierre held four plump chickens in his hands and passed them over to Margot. Rose sat frozen in her chair as Maric smiled at her, leaned in, and kissed her on the lips. She blushed and looked up to see Margot and Pierre smiling back at them.“Ah, young love,” Pierre sighed. “Remember those days?” Margot slapped his hand gently, which was making its way down to her rump.  “Why don’t you take Rose and give her a tour of the farm?” Margot said. “Pierre can help me with the rest.”After taking off her apron and handing it back to Margot, Rose followed Maric out the front door. It was a beautiful afternoon, the sun was just on it’s way down from the sky, bathing an orange glow across the fields. Maric began walking towards a small pond at the edge of the property and Rose followed. A family of ducks paddled across the water, and when they saw Rose approach, the ducklings swam up to the edge. Rose laughed and knelt down, petting one of the ducklings on the soft, downy feathers on its head. The father and mother duck watched on indulgently.  “You have a way with animals,” Maric said.  “I always have,” Rose said standing back up. The duckling squawked out in protest, but soon rejoined its family. “I grew up in a cottage in the woods. Many of my friends were the animals that lived in the surrounding forest.”  “There weren’t any children your age?”“In the village nearby, but,” Rose hesitated. How much should she tell Maric? “I wasn’t allowed to go there. There were some bad… people after me when I was a child. I was kept hidden away from the world. I wasn’t allowed to talk to strangers.” Rose smiled wryly. As a child, she always knew there was a wider world beyond the woods. She longed to go there, but the farthest she ever reached under Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather’s care was to Oar’s Rest, the small village just outside the woods where her aunts bought most of their supplies. Once she was old enough, Rose often snuck out of the cottage and followed one aunt or another to the village, making sure she kept a safe enough distance to avoid any detection. Fauna was the easiest one to follow, as she often walked slow as if through a dream. Merryweather was the worst, as she cast suspicious looks over her shoulder constantly in the hour long walk. Flora caught Rose once when she was ten, was so flabbergasted that she rushed Rose home immediately and sent her to her room. Rose only stayed inside for an hour before sneaking back out the window. Her aunts found her two hours later taking a nap in a field of sunflowers. They didn’t have the heart to punish her anymore.  “It must have been lonely.”“It was, but I learned to appreciate the quiet and stillness of the woods. When I first moved to the city, the constant noise was alarming. It took me weeks to be able to fall asleep at night.” Even in the middle of the night in her room in the castle high above the street below, Rose could hear the merchants making their deliveries, farmers coming in to sell their produce at the market, and the constant soft footsteps of servants walking up and down the halls. For being Sleeping Beauty, those nights left Rose pale with large dark circles under her eyes.  “And the people who were after you?”“They were stopped. It was then that I was able to return home.”“The home you ran away from.”“Yes.”Maric leaned back against a tree, taking Rose in. She stared right back at him unwilling to break the gaze. “You are an interesting woman, Rose. I will grant you that.”“And you’re not? Not a woman, mind you, but your story.” Maric let out a dry laugh. Rose continued, “Just the fact that you cannot remember is interesting in itself. Do you not wonder who you were before you lost your memory?”“Constantly,” Maric sighed. “Or, I did before. Used to drive myself mad trying to find someone, anyone who remembered me. I’ve traveled all over this kingdom and others for the past several years and not one soul recognizes me. It was as if I appeared out of nowhere four years ago. After a while, I stopped searching for my past and focused on the here and now.” He pushed off the tree and closed the distance between them. “Rose… after this is all done-” He reached over with his hand and brushed his fingers against her cheek. She tilted her head until he was cupping her cheek in his palm.“I told you they were here.” Rose turned abruptly to see Alistair and Odette walking down the path towards them. Odette scowled at Rose before smiling at Maric. Lina and Hugo followed closely on Alistair’s heels, chattering loudly about the new horses.“Papa promised me a pony for my next birthday,” Lina said.  “Me too!”“No, he said you were too young still.” Hugo’s face began to scrunch up and redden with the familiar look of a tantrum. Rose went to him and scooped him up in her arms.“Maybe not your next birthday, but when you are Lina’s age now. Also, I am sure your sister will let you ride her pony whenever you wish.” Lina nodded. The boy’s face began to smooth out but for a moment there Rose wasn’t sure she had diverted his tantrum after all. Maric took Hugo from Rose’s arm and threw him up over his shoulder. The boy squealed in delight.“I’ll be your pony until then,” Maric said, galloping off down the path with Lina chasing them. Laughter filled the air. Odette took one long look at Rose before following Maric leaving Alistair and Rose alone at the edge of the pond.“Well, I never thought I would ever see a sight such as that,” Alistair grumbled, shaking his head. “Tis a shame. A warrior like Maric cut down. You’ve domesticated him.”“No, not I,” she said, watching Maric and Hugo gallop across one of the fields towards the grazing horses. Clover looked up curiously. “This is who he was all along.”Alistair grunted again and held out his arm, indicating for Rose to go ahead of him, as they headed back to the house.    Rose helped Margot set the table for dinner. The table only had enough seats for five as the Bouchers rarely had company. The children ate on the floor on a blanket spread out by Rose, while Pierre stood by the counter to eat. The rest sat at the table.“Where will we be heading?” Alistair asked Maric as he passed around a plate of chicken pie that Margot made earlier. They drank from mugs filled with red wine from a bottle Pierre dug out.  “A little further south from here.”“What are you feeling?” The table fell silent waiting for Maric to respond. Only the sound of Lina and Hugo chattering brightly about Alistair’s helmet, which Hugo was wearing over his head at the moment.  “Just an ache in my head,” Maric said.“It is more than that,” Margot said. “I haven’t seen you worse since we found you by the river. Granted, you do look much better than you did then, you’re not all skin and bones, but,” Margot reached over and held his face between her hands and brought her face close, her eyes scanning his face, “you haven’t been sleeping.”Rose knew Maric hadn’t, not well at least. Last night, Maric spent the night at the brothel instead of at the inn with her, not that she was going to volunteer that information out loud. The night before that he had collapsed, succumbing to some kind of attack. And, the night even before that, he had stayed up and cared for her after the basilisk attack. The last night of good sleep he had may have been when he slept at Fabienne’s, but even then Maric had admitted to her that the nightmares had begun that night. It’s been five nights of disturbed sleep or none at all. How much more could he handle before collapsing entirely from exhaustion?“Your nightmares,” Rose whispered. Everyone turned to her. “Are they related to what is happening down south?”“Yes, I believe so.”“What do you see in them?” Odette asked, her hand reaching across the table for Maric’s. She seemed genuinely concerned. He took her hand, held it for a moment, before releasing it and turning to Rose.  “There is a witch, a sorceress, I think. She wants something, someone. She wants me to tell her, but I can’t. I don’t know the person she is talking about.” Maric paused. “She is amassing an army.”Pierre inhaled sharply. “Then you must tell the king.”Maric shook his head. “They are just dreams. At least, they are until I see this castle with my own eyes.”“You need proof before you can approach the king,” Rose said. “I will come with you.”“As will I,” Alistair added. “Tomorrow then?”“How much farther?” Odette asked.“Maybe another day or so of hard riding. The feeling is getting stronger.”“You mean more painful,” Margot said, her hand resting on Maric’s shoulder. She stood and began clearing the plates. “You will all need your rest. It will be a long couple of days of riding.” Everyone stood and Rose helped Margot clear the table. Maric was talking quietly to others by the fire. Their faces were filled with concern. It seemed like everyone was taking Maric’s nightmares seriously. Even Alistair’s face, which usually looked as if it was a moment away from laughter, was grim. Had Maric been right before? Why did the others believe him? Why did she?Lina walked up to Rose and tugged at her sleeve. In her arms was Rose’s lute.“Will you play for us?” Lina asked, her smile wide. The others stopped talking and looked up.  “Maybe it is a good idea,” Maric said. “Something soothing to help us sleep.” Rose nodded and took her lute from Lina’s hands and sat down near the fire. The others crowded around her, except Odette who stood apart from the group leaning against the far wall. She watched Rose carefully under hooded eyes.“Is there anything you would like me to play?”“Sleeping Beauty,” Maric said, his eyes holding Rose’s. “Play Sleeping Beauty.”Maric saw Rose’s eyes fill with alarm before she looked away quickly. Her fingers trembled as they strummed the lute, but she took in a deep breath and began to play. As the song filled the room and washed over Maric, he leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes. It was the night he first heard this song that the nightmares began again. He knew it was this song that seemed to cause a crack into his memories, his past. He just didn’t know why.Maric opened his eyes and saw that everyone was watching Rose play solemnly. Margot held a handkerchief up to her eyes as tears flowed freely. Even Odette frowned with sadness. The song was new to Maric, well it was the night he first heard it in Pine Hollow, but the story was not. Every town he passed through, every tavern, people had their theories about where Sleeping Beauty, the Princess of Liyonne, disappeared off to.  Murdered by mercenaries? Did she run away with a secret lover? Kidnapped by a fairy prince? Or, was she somewhere closer by? Maric thought. Maybe, she never disappeared at all.    The last notes of the song faded away before Margot and the children began to applaud enthusiastically. Rose blushed and set her lute aside. “You have a real gift,” Pierre said. “Thank you for playing for us,” Margot added, standing up and hugging Rose tightly. “Please take good care of him.” Before Rose was able to respond, Margot released her quickly and hurried off to get the children ready for bed. “Our room is at the end of the hall,” Maric said as he placed his hand on the small of her back. Rose turned and looked up at him, surprised.  “Our room?”Maric only smiled.The room at the end of the hallway was small like the other rooms. There was a single bed in the corner, one just large enough for a single person. Against the wall was a small table with a basin of cold water and a clean cloth. A single candle burnt near the basin, casting a soft glow. The sun had set over dinner and all Rose could see out the window was the darkness of night. “This was my room when I lived here,” Maric said. Rose turned to see him leaning against the doorframe.  “I’m not comfortable lying to your family.”“That we are married?”Rose nodded. “I don’t want to hurt them. They are good people. And, they obviously care about you.”Maric stepped into the room and held Rose’s hands in his own. “Don’t worry about them. They love you. I…” He looked away suddenly, his lips pressed flat. Rose’s breath caught in her throat. He turned to face her again, his eyes hard and serious. “Would it make you uncomfortable if I slept in here with you? Otherwise, I can sleep outside on the floor with Alistair.”Rose slowly shook her head. “No, you can stay.” Maric smiled widely and tilted his chin to the basin. “I will leave you to clean up.” He closed the door behind her. Rose quickly approached the basin and undressed. She washed her face and then wiped the day’s sweat and grime away until she felt clean and refreshed. Then, she reached into her pack and withdrew the nightgown she wore the night in Perivin and drew it over her head. She was pulling together the laces when the door opened again and Maric stepped in closing the door behind him. He took a few steps towards and took the laces out of her hands and gently tied them together. Rose looked up to find Maric’s face only inches from hers and she inhaled sharply and took a step back. Her nerves felt raw.“If you do not wish me to stay,” Maric said as Rose retreated to the bed. “No, I want you.” Rose almost choked on the boldness of her words. “Come to bed with me.”Maric smiled and began undressing while Rose dove under the covers. She brought the quilt up to her chin as she watched Maric undress. Maric slowly removed his leather vest and pulled his shirt free from his trousers. Bare chested, he washed himself quickly. Rose bit back the gasp when she saw his naked back. The scars rose up out of his skin and glistened angrily in the candlelight. “I am sorry that the sight disturbs you so much. I can leave my shirt on.”“No, come here.” Maric sat down at the edge of the bed. Rose dropped the quilt and moved to sit behind him. She traced her fingers along the scars. There was no beauty in them, only pain. Maric’s breathing became more shallow. She leaned in close and brushed her lips against his back and she felt Maric’s body tense underneath them. She kissed his back lightly, tracing each scar.  Maric turned, his hand catching Rose’s face and he leaned over and kissed her. It was soft and light, his lips barely touching hers, until Rose pushed up into him and fell into his arms. He held her, his arms tight around her waist while her arms wrapped around his neck. Maric’s tongue licked the crease in her lips until she parted them. Rose moaned when his tongue touched hers and he deepened the kiss between them. One of Maric’s hands pulled up Rose’s nightgown over her head while the other held her as they fell back into the bed. Rose wondered if it would always be like this with Maric, her body on fire, always aching for his touch.Suddenly, Rose felt Maric shift off of her as the door slammed open. Alistair stood in the doorway.“Maric! Come quick!” Rose looked around Maric to see Alistair in a state of half dress as if he had suddenly thrown on his own clothes. He was in the motion of pulling on his armor. Behind him, the room glowed a bright orange and Rose wondered if it was dawn. But, dawn was hours off yet.  Alistair mustered one word: “Fire.”

Maric bit back a curse and grabbed the edge of the quilt and threw it over Rose’s naked body. He dressed quickly and hurried to the outer room and found Alistair and Odette standing just outside the front door, their eyes locked at the glowing brightness in the distance. He could smell the air thick with smoke.“It’s coming from Berxley,” Pierre said, having joined the others. Margot stood behind him, her hands covering her mouth in shock.“How far?” Alistair asked.“A little less than two miles.”“For the fire to be burning so bright…” Margot didn’t finish her thought. Maric knew that if they could see the flames from the farm then the whole village must be burning. “We must hurry,” Alistair said. “There may still be time to help put out the fire.” Before Maric could agree with him, a loud crash broke through the trees and small, dark bodies breaking free from the shadows. Glints of metal caught in the fire light showed that the enemy was armed. From the size of them and the hairs raising on the back of his neck, Maric knew they were goblins. “What is it?” Rose said over his shoulder. Maric turned to see that she had put on her dress. Her hands clutched tightly on the hilt of her knives sheathed in her belt. “We are under attack.” Alistair and Odette jumped into action, racing across the field to meet the growing number of goblins pouring into the fields surrounding the farm. Maric saw Rose’s eyes widen as she saw the number. “Get in the cellar!” Pierre called over to Margot as she steered the children white-knuckled to the trap door in the floor of the kitchen. Lina was pale, her eyes wide with fright. Hugo cried into Margot’s nightdress. It was only then that Maric noticed that they were barefoot and still in their nightgowns. “Go with them,” Maric said, his hands on Rose’s shoulders shaking her until she looked at him.“I can fight. I can help you.” Maric’s lips pressed into a flat line. It was no time to argue with Rose. “Stay with them then. I trust you to protect Margot and the children. Don’t let anyone pass through the door.” He pulled her in and kissed her hard on the mouth. When he pulled away, he could see a dazed look on her face before her violet eyes turned steely and she gave him a sharp nod. Maric heard the thud of the cellar door closing and Pierre stood, his face pale in the moonlight. He wasn’t a trained fighter like the rest of them. He was a simple farmer. But, from the look of grim determination on his face, Maric knew that he would fight hard, if not harder than the rest of them, because he had a family to protect. He would die long before any harm fell on his wife and children. Maric took one last look at Rose. Her face was hard and focused, her grip tight on her knives which she had withdrawn from their sheaths. Maric knew he would do the same for Rose, that he would die for her long before any goblin reached her.The loud clash of steel against steel pulled Maric’s attention away from Rose. He reached for his sword and ran out into the night.The moon shone brightly in the sky, bright enough to light Maric’s way to Alistair and Odette, who fought viciously against the rising numbers of goblins spilling out of the forest. A few already laid dead at their feet. Maric resisted the urge to look back at the house, to Rose who he knew was pacing in anticipation. He trusted that she could take care of herself, that she would take care of his family. Yet, worry gnawed at his chest.Maric breathed deeply, raising his sword with both hands and threw himself into an oncoming goblin who brandished a short curved knife. The goblin fell mid scream which drew the attention of others and Maric soon found himself surrounded. He made easy work of the first few that launched themselves at him. Goblins weren’t the smartest creatures, but what they lacked in intellect they made up with tenacity, Maric thought as six of them charged him at once. An arrow zinged through the air and hit one square in the middle of its forehead. Maric turned to see Odette string another arrow into her crossbow.“You’re getting slow,” she called out to him. A goblin crept up behind her and Maric reached for the knife at his waist and threw it until the hilt stuck out of the goblin’s chest. A surprised look passed over Odette’s face.“And you’re getting too cocky,” Maric yelled back.“If you two are done showing off,” Alistair said between gasps, “we aren’t quite done-” A goblin threw itself onto Alistair’s back and he grabbed it flung it over his shoulder, sending it flying across the field.“Where are they coming from?” Odette asked through clenched jaws as she let a volley of arrows fly. When a goblin got too close, she cut it down with the short sword from her back. Her loose black hair flew wildly around her and Maric thought she looked like a demon unleashed. He pitied the goblins that circled her. Most of them wore a wary expression on their face.Maric felt a sharp bite in his arm and looked down to see that an arrow had sliced through his tunic between his pieces of leather armor. A goblin, about a head taller than the rest, reset its crossbow and aimed at Maric’s head and fired. Maric knocked the arrow away with his sword, slicing it into two as it fell to the ground.“I aim to find out,” Maric called back to Odette, who threw a goblin over her shoulder when it had jumped onto her back. She stomped down heavily on its chest. The large goblin readied the crossbow again and scowled at Maric as he waded through the onslaught, his sword clearing the way. It was obvious that this one was the commander. Though it dressed no differently than the goblins around him, as they all wore an assortment of random pieces of old armor, most several sizes too big and causing them to look like children playing war, this one had an air of intelligence surrounding him. Rare for a goblin. The goblin’s crossbow clicked into place and it smiled widely revealing rows of black jagged teeth. Maric smiled back causing the goblin’s eyes to widen as it swallowed nervously and raised its crossbow. In the last second, the goblin swung it away from Maric’s head and fired just beyond his shoulder. A man screamed and Maric turned to see Pierre collapsing onto the ground, the arrow buried deep into his chest. Maric roared and threw his sword, pinning the goblin through the gut into a tree. It cried out in pain as it tried to wriggle itself free from the blade. Maric ran to Pierre. Blood was already darkening the ground when he reached him.Rose’s jaw clenched when she heard the scream. It sounded like a man, which meant it was either Maric, Alistair, or Pierre who was hurt. But, to her ear, it sounded like Pierre. After settling his family in the cellar, Pierre had grabbed an old, rusted sword from the bedroom. He wore no armor, just the tunic and trousers he wore earlier in the day. Rose had tried to convince him to stay behind, to get in the cellar with his family. He refused saying that it was his farm and his family and he was determined to protect them both. By the way he held his sword, Rose could tell that it had been a long while since the man fought anything besides an ornery goat. He was more danger to himself with it than without. But, she could not convince him to stay and he ran out into the night to join the others leaving Rose alone in the house pacing. Rose’s stomach soured at the idea that he was hurt, that any of them was hurt and, perhaps, dying or dead. But, she could not leave her post. She promised Maric that she would protect Margot, Lina, and Hugo. And, she would with her dying breath if it came to it. Something slammed hard against the front door and Rose stilled in her pacing. She raised her knives as she heard something slam against it again and the wood frame began to crack under the attack. A small whimper came from the cellar door. Lina or Hugo was crying again and she could hear Margot hush them. Rose swallowed as the door began to splinter with each attack. Her palms felt sweaty and she wiped them hastily against her dress before clutching her knives. “Breathe, just breathe,” Rose whispered. She thought back to her days with Athena and the troupe, of how Athena taught her to take in slow, deep breath before every performance. The prickliness in her arms and fingers began to subside and Rose risked closing her eyes and tuning out the maddening sound of the door splintering at its hinges. She kept breathing, her hands no longer clutching her knives. Instead she held them loosely at her side as she waited for the door to fall in.“Remember to breathe.” Rose could hear Athena’s calm, even voice. Rose took in another breath, her heartbeat slowing until she felt a heaviness in her limbs. The door crashed loudly against the ground and Rose fluttered her eyes open. A goblin stood in the opening, his black eyes leering at her. She slowly pulled her knives free of their sheaths and the goblin followed her movements. His mouth broke into an ugly smile, his teeth jagged and snapping at her.Rose waited for the goblin to move first and she didn’t need to wait long. It threw itself at her, his sword swung high over his head. Rose moved deftly to one side and as it crashed forward, she stuck one of her knives into its back and twisted. The goblin fell and did not get back up. The doorway darkened again and several more goblins fell through the opening. Rose dodged each attack. She felt as if she was moving through water, her movements slow but precise. The goblins attacked, each falling to her side dead as her knives sliced through them.A thundering roar from outside distracted her for a moment and she heard the soft hiss of a sword slicing through her tunic. Forcing herself to focus, she twisted away from the sword and fell backwards into another goblin, tripping over each other and both falling flat onto the floor, both their weapons thrown away from them. Rose tried to stand, but the goblin below her held her tight. She looked up to see a goblin, one that was head and shoulders taller than the others and dressed in armor that seemed to be made for it, walk slowly towards her.“You are a pretty thing,” he said, his hand reaching down to his belt as he began undoing it. The goblin pinning her arms down from behind began to cackle wildly. “Do not worry, I won’t spoil your flesh… not too badly at least.”When the goblin got within reach, Rose shifted, raising her elbow and driving it down onto the goblin that held her. She heard a satisfying crack as his nose broke, and the goblin wailed freeing her arms. The taller one stopped and smiled, his teeth gnashing at her. “I do love a good fight before a good fuck.”They circled one another. The goblin glanced at Rose’s knives, which were thrown away to the side. As she tried to reach for them, he slashed out with his sword, nearly slicing Rose’s hand off. “You don’t want to lose any of those pretty fingers of yours,” he said. He began to slash widely at her, driving Rose up against the wall. She crouched, making her as small as possible as the goblin stood above her. He began undoing his trousers in earnest again.“You ugly humans. You think you are better than us. I will show you who is your master now.” His pants tugged free and fell to his ankles. Rose reached into her boot and in a quick motion drove the stiletto knife up into the goblin’s groin. He gasped out in pain and fell backwards clutching his crotch.“No one is my master but myself,” Rose said standing up. The goblin looked at her as he howled in fury. Rose stepped over the bodies of his fallen brothers and sisters and drove the stiletto through his right eye and deep into his skull. He twitched then died. The ground shook violently and Rose stood, retrieved her fallen knives before rushing out the door.The arrow was deep, but to Maric’s relief, it missed Pierre’s heart. It was lodged into the upper right of his chest and when Maric flipped his body over despite Pierre’s groans of pain, he saw that the arrow’s head had passed through him.“I will need to push it through,” Maric said. He could not pull the arrow free. It was lined with barbs and if he did so, they would pull back on the wound causing greater damage. Pierre looked up at him, his face white and tight with pain. He gave him a short nod. Maric leveraged Pierre over his leg and took the end of the arrow firmly in his hand. He began pushing quickly taking care not to create any greater injury.Pierre stifled a scream, his jaw clenched tightly. The arrow pulled free from Pierre’s back and he sobbed with relief. Maric grabbed Pierre’s hand and pushed it down on the wound in front of his body, while tugging the sleeve of his tunic until it came free. It was dirty and covered in goblin blood, but there was nothing else he could use now. He just prayed it wouldn’t cause an infection as he bound it tightly around Pierre’s chest. Maric helped him to his feet and they quickly retreated towards the house.The house was swarming with goblins and Maric swallowed the lump of fear in his throat. He hoped Rose was holding her own.Turning abruptly, Maric headed to the barn. Once inside, he gently dropped Pierre’s body on a clean pile of hay. “Stay here until it is over.”“I can fight,” Pierre said weakly. Maric smiled. “Save your strength. Margot needs you, as well as Lina and Hugo. Live for them.” His words were unnecessary as Maric realized that Pierre was unconscious. Running out of the barn, Maric wondered briefly when the wave of goblins would stop spilling out of the forest. His arms burned from exhaustion, and from what he could see of Alistair and Odette over the masses of goblins, they seemed to be tiring as well. He reached down to the ground and pulled a sword free from under one of the fallen goblins. He used it to cut another one down ahead of him. The goblins stood little chance against any trained fighters, as they were, and Maric knew that the only way for the goblins to win was through attrition or if they brought in something much stronger. As he thought those words, a crash broke through the forest and Maric saw trees toppling left and right as something big made its path towards the farm.Rose stopped suddenly on the threshold of the house. She promised Maric that she would stay and keep Margot and the children safe, but her hands twitched at her side as she watched Alistair and Odette fight off the remaining goblins. A few of the goblins have broken off from the attack and were setting the outbuildings on fire. She watched as a shed went up aflame, while more moved off towards the barn. Maric stepped out of the barn. He was covered in blood and Rose watched as he picked up a sword and cut the goblins down in his path. He looked exhausted, his face pale and his eyes hollowed even from where Rose stood. He caught her eye briefly and she smiled at him, something encouraging she hoped. A look of relief washed over his face and he opened his mouth as if to say something to her when they both looked up suddenly as they heard a loud crash come from the woods. She could see the tops of trees swaying violently before toppling over in a large crash.A large creature, as tall as two men and as wide as five, came crashing through the trees swinging a large axe. It was wearing an amalgam of armor much like the rest of the goblins, makeshift from pieces scavenged off of humans that Rose assumed they had killed in the past. However, while the goblins swam in the stolen breastplates and glaves, the troll had strapped on several shields onto its body. They clanged loudly against one another as it charged through the woods towards Maric, it’s axe raised over its head. Its roar caused the goblins to fall down to the ground and Rose clutched the side of her head. It shook through her skull and felt as if it would shake her into pieces before it stopped and swung its mighty axe down on Maric.Maric, who seemed to have been prepared for the attack, leapt away nimbly only for the troll to roar again causing him to drop flat on the ground. Rose stood on shaky legs and watched as the goblins began to clear the area. They hurried back into the shelter of the trees, many stopping at the edge to watch the fight. Their black eyes filled with evil delight gleamed in the moonlight as they cheered on their champion.Rose watched anxiously as Maric dragged himself off the ground and held the sword before him unsteadily. The troll swung again, snapping the blade of the sword in half. Maric rolled away as the axe slammed into the ground inches from where he had stood. She heard Alistair call out to Maric and throw him his own sword, which Maric caught deftly with one hand in the air, before spinning around and slicing the troll across the belly. It roared again, shaking the ground underneath their feet.Maric felt the sharp hiss of the axe’s blade as it sliced passed his face into the ground. He leaped to his feet and turned when he heard Alistair’s shout. Maric caught Alistair’s blade in his hand. It was heftier than his usual blade, a long sword, which will work perfectly against his fight with the troll. It was to his advantage to keep as far away from the beast as possible. From the corner of his eye, Maric could see Odette kneeling on the ground and firing several arrows into the troll. The troll didn’t blink as it swatted the arrows off of its body as if they were nothing but mosquito bites. From what Maric knew of trolls, their hide was thick. It would take far more than arrows to pierce it.The blade Maric held, he hoped, would do the trick. He stood again and watched carefully as the troll pulled its axe free from the earth and swung down towards Maric’s legs. He jumped, raising his own sword only for the troll to use its free arm to swat Maric down hard onto the ground. His head bounced off the ground causing the world around him to spin wildy. To his dismay, a loud banshee like cry split the air as Rose threw herself up the troll’s back. She clung to her knives, which were sunk to the hilt into the troll’s back. It roared in pain and began thrashing back and forth, reaching around to grab at Rose. She was just out of its reach. Rose began inching her way up the troll’s back, pulling each dagger free and stabbing it higher and higher until she made it to the troll’s shoulders. The troll sensing what she intended to do began running back towards the house. Maric watched as Rose held on tightly as the troll turned suddenly and threw his back against the wall of the house, smashing Rose against it. Maric roared out in anger as he forced himself to his feet and began to limp his way towards the troll. Alistair and Odette ran alongside him, reaching the troll first. A thick sense of dread filled Maric’s heart as the troll pushed itself off the house, the roof now caved in from its weight. He expected to see Rose’s broken body amongst the pieces of the house, but there was nothing there. Instead, he saw that Rose was struggling to stay on top of the troll, her hair wild, her clothes covered in debris, and a determined glint in her eyes.“She’s going to get herself killed,” Alistair said to Maric when they were within steps of the troll. They circled it warily as it thrashed about trying to dislodge Rose from its back. Odette shot another arrow, this one planting itself in the troll’s right eye. It screamed in rage.“Hold your fire!” Maric yelled at her as she was setting another arrow in her crossbow. “You’re going to kill Rose.” Half-blinded, the troll threw itself towards Maric. He easily dodged out of the way.“What is the plan then?” Alistair said, breathing heavily. “We do nothing.”“Nothing?” Alistair asked incredulously. “Anything we do will jeopardize Rose.” Maric grit his teeth. “She knows what she is doing.” When he got his hands on her, he didn’t know if he would strangle her himself or hold her tightly against him never letting go. Rose’s head was swimming with pain and she shook her head to clear it. Her daggers were still lodged solidly into the trolls back, but she could tell that it barely injured it. It’s skin was as thick as an elephant’s. It took all her strength to dig her knives deep into its back as she made her climb upwards.Suddenly, the troll stopped thrashing and turned to run to the house. Rose’s face paled as she soon realized its intent, but it was too late to move. She braced herself as the troll flipped backwards and fell into the side of the building. Everything went dark for a moment and Rose was certain she had died. When the troll righted itself, Rose was astounded that she was still gripping tightly onto the hilt of her knives. It felt as if her whole body was broken, but to her relief she still had the strength to cling on and continue her slow climb up the troll’s back. It screamed out in frustration when Rose lifted one knife and stabbed it again. Black blood oozed all around her, causing her feet to slip. It roared in pain and she turned to see Odette ready another arrow before Maric yelled something at her. Odette glared bitterly at Rose before lowering her crossbow.Rose didn’t dare look at Maric. She didn’t want to see the look of fear in his eyes. It would make the whole moment too real. Instead she climbed higher and higher until she straddled the troll’s shoulders. It reached up to grab her leg but an arrow lodged into its hand and it howled. Rose looked up to see Odette smiling at her, her teeth bared in the moonlight. Rose gave her a quick nod of thanks before reaching into her boot and pulling out the stiletto knife. In a silent prayer, Rose placed it on the base of the troll’s nape and drove it hard upwards into its skull. She could feel the knife’s tip scratch along the troll’s thick skull and with one final push, the end of the knife disappeared with a soft crunch of the skull giving way. The troll stilled suddenly and Rose clutched onto its shoulders as it fell backwards.Rose screamed as the weight of the troll crushed down on her.“Rose!” Alistair called out, running towards the troll’s body. Maric was behind him, but Alistair reached her first, her head cradled in his lap while her lower half of her body was crushed under the troll.“Pull her free when I tell you,” Maric said, as he braced himself against the troll’s shoulder and began to push. “Now!”Alistair hooked each arm under Rose’s and pulled. She didn’t budge. “Get me out of here,” Rose pleaded to Maric. She grasped onto Alistair’s arms again as Maric braced himself against the troll and pushed. He grunted out in pain until Alistair pulled Rose free, her legs scrambling to get from under the troll.Rose gasped out in pain as she and Alistair fell backwards. Maric hurried to her and lifted her skirts, running his hands gently up and down her bare legs. “Nothing seems broken,” Maric said as he continued checking her torso. Rose winced in pain. “Maybe a few bruised ribs.” His hands came to rest on each side of her face. “What were you thinking?”“That you would be killed if I didn’t do anything.”“You stupid girl,” Maric said, pulling Rose into his chest. He felt her wince, but he didn’t let go. The fear in him that he almost lost her again would not abate. His heart pounded loudly in his ears. After a moment, Maric let her go and Rose looked up at him. Something unspoken passed between them before Maric stood and Alistair helped her to her feet. “We will need to leave. We don’t know when the goblins will be back. It is not safe here.”Alistair nodded and Maric noticed Odette standing behind him, her eyes hard on him. “Pierre was shot through the shoulder with an arrow. I left him in the barn. Alistair and Odette, bring him to the house and get Margot to tend to him. After that, I need you two to check the perimeter and help put out the fires.” A few out buildings were ablaze and one of the smaller fields had caught fire. “Rose, go inside and help Margot tend to Pierre. You need to clean the wound and then stitch it. We will be lucky if he doesn’t succumb to an infection.”“And, what will you do?” she asked.Maric turned to the goblin pinned to the tree. “I’m going to get my sword back.”Maric approached the goblin. “You’re still alive,” he said. The goblin looked up from where it was trying futilely to remove the sword from his chest. “You do know that if you take it out, you will bleed to death instantly.”“You stupid human filth,” the goblin growled, his mouth filled with blood. “You do not know what you have done. You will die for this.”Maric leaned in close, one hand on the hilt of his sword as he pushed it farther into the goblin. The goblin screamed. “No, I believe you will. Tell me, where did you come from?”The goblin cackled. “You do not remember? You do not remember me?”“I would remember an ugly face like yours.”The goblin laughed again, it grated harshly against Maric’s ears. “You have me to thank for the scars on your back.” Maric stilled. In his mind’s eye, he could hear a whip tipped with a metal snap against the ground. “You…” Maric drove the sword deeper. The goblin screamed out in pain. “Where is your stronghold? Who is your master?” But, it was too late. Maric looked down to see that he had driven the sword down to its hilt. Fresh blood pooled beneath his feet. The goblin was dead.

After stitching up the wound in Pierre’s chest and making sure he was comfortable in the back of the wagon that they dug out of one of the barns, Rose spent the rest of the early morning hours helping Margot pack up the wagon with supplies for their trip to Beaumont. Maric and Alistair were seeing to the horses and the other farm animals, many of which would need to be turned loose to fend for themselves as it was uncertain when it would be safe for Pierre and Margot to return. It had been a late night. After Rose helped Margot tend to Pierre, she spent the rest of the night dragging the bodies of the goblins into a large pit dug out by Maric and Alistair. There they burned all the bodies, stripping them first of their armor. It was to prevent any spread of disease. The troll’s body was burned where it fell as it was too large to move. Rose’s nostrils still stung with the acrid smell of smoke and foul stench of the burnt bodies. Afterwards, Maric and Alistair buried the remains. They all took a quick dip in the pond to wash off the caked blood and grime and stench of smoke and death from the attack. Rose discovered new bruises along her body and her ribs were painfully sore, causing her to wince every time she raised her arms. Maric was covered in new cuts, but none deep enough to be serious, though Margot tended to him as if they were. Alistair was exhausted though unmarked. Rose did not know how Odette fared as she refused to let anyone tend to her.   Rose stood up after bundling a set of clothes for the children. The days were getting cooler and they would need their winter clothes soon. She wasn’t surprised to find Odette watching her with open dislike from the open door.“What is it that you want?” Rose asked when Odette said nothing. “I came to say something to you.”“And?” Odette was cryptic around everyone except Maric. When she was with him, Rose noticed that her stern exterior melted away. She only smiled for Maric. “You take care of him.” Rose didn’t need to ask her whom she was speaking of. Rose knew that Odette loved Maric. She didn’t know if Maric returned those feelings. But, seeing Odette here, she suspected that he did not. “You are giving in easily,” Rose replied lightly. “I did not expect that after these past couple of days.”“I have come to realize that it does not matter what I do,” she said, her eyes looking beyond Rose to the space around her. Rose turned to follow her gaze and saw nothing. “Fate binds you to him and him to you.”Rose froze, she felt a trickle of fear run through her. “What do you mean?”Odette smiled wryly. “The ties between you and Maric are strong.” She turned and left before Rose could ask her for an explanation. Fate, there it was again. Fate, Sleeping Beauty, her story, and happily ever after. But, how did Maric fit into it? He was no Prince Charming, no prince at all.“The king will need to be informed of the attack,” Maric said. The group sat around the table drinking coffee that Margot brewed and ate a cold breakfast of bread and cheese. Daylight was breaking over the tops of the trees and none of them had slept. Dark circles shadowed everyone’s eyes except Odette, who seemed oddly refreshed. From personal experience, Maric knew that she was rarely tired.“I will go. I am the king’s cousin. He will grant me an audience,” Alistair said, his lips pressed thin and white. “Odette. Go with him.” Maric didn’t need to explain that if anything happened to Alistair, then she would be the one to carry the message to the king. Odette gave him a sharp nod. “We will see the Bouchers safely to their kin first,” Alistair said. “If we travel swiftly, we will be in Beaumont by the end of the day.”“Thank you.”“And, what do you plan? Will you be haring off to cut the head off the snake? Take all the glory for yourself,” Alistair asked with a large smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.“Rose and I will investigate what happened in Berxley. Perhaps, we will discover enough information about where our enemy is encamped. Once we do, I promise I will not act without you,” Maric said, holding up a hand. Alistair grinned. “We will meet you in Beaumont in a day or two.”“Agreed.” The two men shook hands sealing the promise. Rose watched as the others left. Odette took the lead, followed by the wagon which Margot drove, and Alistair in the rear. They would ride in that formation for the next few hours until they reached Margot’s sister’s farm outside of Beaumont. Pierre was still unconscious with a high fever, and Lina and Hugo tended to him in the back of the wagon. Margot, with Rose’s help, had cleaned out the wound caused by the arrow the best they could and applied a poultice Margot made with herbs she found in the woods, but the wound was bright red with infection before they could apply it. Rose prayed that Pierre would survive the trip. He needed his rest, they all did.“Are you ready?” Maric asked. His brown eyes were dull and his face pale. He held out his hand to Rose and helped her up into the saddle. Daffodil pranced a little, anxious to be on their way.“Yes,” Rose replied as she watched Maric swing up into his own saddle. They rode up the path to where they stood only the day before. Rose looked down at the farm. Yesterday, when she stood there, she felt the peace and love radiate from the land. Today, with the charred fields and buildings, blood soaked into the ground, and the stink of death still thick in the air, she felt like crying. Would the Boucher farm ever be the same again?As if able to read her thoughts, Maric rode up alongside her and said, “Do not worry. We will return one day. It will be different then.”Rose nodded and wiped away a single tear away. They turned and continued down the path which led to the main road that would lead into Berxley.They rode quickly not knowing if the goblins were watching them from the trees. It was unlikely as goblins rarely made appearances during the day, but Maric wouldn’t count on it. Goblins rarely attacked humans outright either. They were scavengers and thieves by nature, scrounging around in the dark picking at the leftovers. They would not have attacked the night before unless they were under someone’s command. But, who would have sway over the goblins? They were mercurial at best and cowards at the very worst.Maric rode ahead of Rose, his eyes darting into the thick growth of trees surrounding the path. It felt as if someone was watching them, but whenever he turned his head to look, all he saw were shadows. Rose sat silently in the saddle, her eyes bleary and unfocused. They needed to rest. But, as the sun rose higher in the sky and they rode closer and closer to Berxley, Maric willed himself to stay alert.Maric had gone into Berxley plenty of times when he resided on the farm. He rode in with Pierre every Sunday to trade their excess crops for items they needed. Usually it was a bit of fabric for Margot to make new clothes for the children, or Pierre would trade a bushel of potatoes to the blacksmith to repair an axe or the plow. Every time, Maric would buy a bag of sweets for Lina and Hugo, which they all indulged in after dinner Sunday night. Some times, though not often, the whole family would join them and they would attend the small chapel in Berxley. Margot knew many of the villagers and would spend the hours after church visiting each one with the children in tow. Lina and Hugo would run around the yards with the other children playing until it was time to leave while Pierre and Maric would go to the village’s only tavern to drink ale and catch up on news. Over dinner that night, Pierre would share what he learned from the men while Margot shared the gossip she learned from the women.Even if Maric didn’t know the way to Berxley, all he had to follow was the trail of black smoke in the sky. They reached the outskirts of the village within the hour. Maric rode alongside the village with intent to enter through a side path instead of the main road. Though he heard nothing, he did not want to be taken by surprise by any lingering enemies. A caravan of wagons were parked just outside the main entrance in an open field.Rose cried out and slid off of her horse and ran towards a wagon parked in the adjacent field. Maric leaped off Clover and followed her. By the time he reached her, Rose had thrown open the wagon’s door and climbed into it. She reappeared seconds later. “She’s not here.”“Who?”“Athena…” Rose didn’t stop to explain as she went from wagon to wagon checking the interiors. “No one is here.” Panic was rising in her eyes. Maric reached out and pulled her close to his chest. As she clutched onto him, her head buried into his chest, he heard a crossbow being cocked.“Don’t move,” a voice called out from over his shoulder.Rose pushed against Maric’s chest and ran towards the woman standing at the edge of the forest. Maric tried to grab her arm, but she slipped out of his grip.“Oh, thank the heavens, Athena,” Rose said. The woman lowered her crossbow.“Rose? What are you doing here?” Rose ran her eyes over Athena. Though she had not seen her in months, Athena looked older, tired. Large bags shadowed her eyes and her skin looked pale even under her dark skin. “A farm nearby was attacked by goblins last night. We came to investigate.” Rose nodded towards Maric. Athena stilled, raising her crossbow and pointing it at his chest. Maric raised his arms in surrender.Rose put her hand on Athena’s crossbow and pushed it down. “He’s a friend. His name is Maric.” Rose turned to Maric. “This is Athena Alarie.” Maric nodded in greeting. Athena narrowed her eyes at Maric, but lowered the crossbow and smiled tentatively at Rose. “Then he is a friend of mine.” She turned and placed two fingers in her mouth and whistled loudly. People began walking out of the trees. Many of them were women clutching sleeping children in their arms. Rose recognized many of her old friends.“What happened here last night?” Maric asked as he approached Athena. She turned a wary eye to Maric.“Much like yourself, we were attacked. It started early in the evening. The goblins came from the woods, surrounding the village.” She shuddered. “Many were killed in the first few minutes.” She looked to the village behind her, most of the buildings gone or burned black from the fire. “We fought as many as we could before taking the survivors and retreating into the forest.”“How many survived?” Maric asked.“Not enough.” Athena’s lips thinned. “It was a slaughter.” She turned to Rose. “We lost Sebastian, Roberta, and Lily.” Rose stifled a cry. “The villagers lost many more. They caught us completely unawares. Most of our troupe survived only because we were awake, planning our next performance. The villagers, though, were all abed. Many did not even wake from their slumber.”“Do you know where they came from?”“It seems to be from farther down south. I sent Matthias to scout the area and he followed the goblins’ trail down to the river. Beyond that, I don’t know.”Maric nodded. “We will help you clear the village.” He turned to Rose. “Then, we will go and locate their encampment.” Athena shook her head. “No, you both need rest and a hot meal. Come with me.” Maric hesitated, perhaps taken aback by Athena’s commanding tone, but Rose pulled at his hand until he began following her. Athena pushed past the people who were grouping together. Women brought out pots and began to cook soup over an open fire. Bread and cheese was being passed around. Buckets of clean water were brought to each group as people sat down on the grass to eat.Rose thought it looked much like a picnic if not for the weary and heartbroken looks on their faces. It was silent except for the occasional wail or cry from a child. Athena led them to her covered wagon and opened the door and ushered them inside. It was a tight space, especially with all three of them, but it was exactly how Rose remembered it. When she was with the troupe, she spent many nights sitting by the small hearth in the wagon drinking tea with Athena. They would spend the nights talking about anything on their mind. For her part, Athena never asked Rose where she came from or who she really was, and she even helped craft her false backstory. She was the one that decided to dress Rose as a young man, cutting her blond hair close and dying it red with beetroot. She was the one that taught Rose to play the lute, though after Rose began, she seemed to take to it naturally. And, most importantly, she was the one that put a roof over her head and hot food in her belly for the past five years. Rose owed her much, and as she watched Athena fill a basin with warm water and leave only to return with two bowls of hot soup and a loaf of bread and cheese, Rose knew she owed her again. Much as she didn’t want to admit it for herself, Rose was on her last legs. She needed rest. And, by the look of the dark shadows under Maric’s eyes, he did as well. Athena drew back the covers of the narrow bed and left them to eat and wash up. She told them to take their time to rest. Before she left she said she will be helping the villagers bury their dead.Maric sat down on one of the small chairs at the table while Rose sat down across from him. She slowly began to eat and didn’t realize how hungry she was until she was dredging up the last bit of the soup with her bread.“We shouldn’t be here,” Maric said, as he finished his own meal. Rose broke off another large piece of bread from the loaf and gave it to him. He nodded in thanks.“We need our rest. Athena is right.”“How long have you known her? I imagine this is the troupe you spoke of.”“For nearly five years,” Rose replied, chewing her piece of bread slowly. “She was the one that taught me how to play the lute.”“And, more I suspect,” Maric said, his eyes falling to the knives at Rose’s sides.“Yes, she taught me to fight as well. It is not always safe to travel the roads, even in a group. We were attacked by wild animals, bandits, and monsters enough to know that we also needed to know how to defend ourselves. Also, Athena believed that if you did not work, whether performing with the troupe or defending the caravan or both, you did not deserve to stay.”“That’s a little cold.”Rose shrugged. “We all needed to play our part. And, we all understood it. She is a businesswoman above all.” Rose never made the mistake of thinking Athena did anything out of the pure goodness of her heart. She was out to make money, and more importantly, to take care of her family of ragtag performers. She loved them, but if there ever was a bad seed, they would find themselves out in the cold. And, the troupe loved Athena. Everyone was willing to work hard for her, for the others. Athena and the others felt more like family to Rose than her own father and mother. Maric nodded and yawned widely. He eyed the bed behind Rose. “If we are going to stay, we might as well take advantage of the bed.” Rose flushed at what Maric was suggesting as he began to peel away his armor until he wore only his tunic and trousers. Rose pulled off her boots and washed up in the basin of warm water that Athena left behind. Then she climbed into the bed, pushing up closely against the wall so Maric would have enough room. He followed her and pulled her close, until Rose rested her head on his shoulder and her body tucked tightly along his right side. Maric stroked Rose gently down her back until she felt the weight of exhaustion overcome her and succumbed to sleep.Maric felt Rose slip into sleep, her breath even and deep against his neck. He brushed his lips against her forehead and she murmured sleepily. It was coming to an end, whatever this was, Maric thought. His headaches were getting stronger. And, he knew that he was getting closer to discovering what happened to him and who he truly was. His arm tightened around Rose and she slipped an arm free to wrap around his chest. That was the problem. Did he want to know who he really was? What if he was already attached to someone else? What if he was someone that Rose would despise? It would be better than to never know, to have Rose here with him now. To stay in this moment forever.Rose sighed contentedly and Maric felt the pin prick of tears in his eyes. Yes, he loved her and he feared what was coming next. He feared losing her forever.Maric stood at the edge of the tower room. His eyes blinking hard adjusting to the green light that seemed to emit from the corner of the room. Whenever he turned his head towards it, his eyes clenched shut unwillingly as if he could not bear to see what laid within the light.“You have been my guest for these past three months,” a voice called out from the shadows. Maric shuddered. It was deep and sensual and familiar. It was the voice that haunted his dreams, that called out to him in the middle of the night. It caressed his skin until he was left in a fine sheen of sweat. Or, it was cold and his body tensed in pain. “Where is the girl?”Maric gritted his teeth together. He knew what would come next. There were no whips here, the witch didn’t need them. “I do not know who you are speaking of. As I told you, I know no girl.” The witch cackled and Maric felt a shiver of fear run down his body. The witch stepped out of the shadows and Maric had to suppress the scream on his lips. She was dressed in a large black cape and whenever she spread out her arms, it looked like large bat wings. She wore a large horned crown on her head which made her face appear sharp and narrow. Her yellow eyes watched Maric carefully, though they were sparking with anger and impatience. This was not their first meeting. This was not the first time the witch had interrogated Maric until he bled and sweat and was too weak to stand, only to be dragged back to his cell and torture to continue at the end of the whip. But, being in the witch’s presence was much worse than the lash of the whip. Maric could close his mind to any physical pain. He could not close his mind to her.As if on cue, he felt the ground below him begin to shift. The goblins holding him quickly jumped out of the way as thick thorny vines appeared out of the ground and began to circle his legs. They wrapped up his body and Maric flinched away from the thorns. They would leave no mark on his body, unlike the whip. If his skin is pierced, there will be no scars. But, he will bleed until there is no more blood to give. And, he would scream until his voice was sore and gasping.The vines crawled their way up to his head, the sharp, black thorns digging into his body, until he was entirely entombed in them. They pulsed with dark energy and he felt a sharp, white pain digging into his head. He screamed.Maric did not know how much time had passed before the thorns pulled away and he collapsed onto the ground heaving in pain. “Will you tell me now where Aurora hides?” The witch said, crouching low to his head. She wiped beads of sweat off her brow and Maric relished that she looked tired from her exertions. “I do not know who you speak of,” Maric ground out between gasps. In a fury, she clutched her hand into a fist and Maric flew across the room slamming up against the wall of the tower. Even though she did not touch him, he could feel her hand clutching his neck, squeezing every breath out of his lungs.He dug his fingers against his neck futilely as he watched her fly towards him, her eyes flashing with fury. “You stupid man. If you say you do not remember then you will not remember anything ever again. You will live the rest of your short, pathetic life never knowing who you really are. You will be no one. And, you will die never knowing, never remembering. You will die alone in your own mind.” She flung her hand and Maric crashed down onto the ground. The witch turned to the two goblins who cowered in the doorway. “Take him back to the dungeon. Leave him there to die.”Maric felt the two goblins lift him under the arm and drag him out of the room. He did not know where he was, but he knew he was in pain and in danger. As they began the journey down the tower, a breath of fresh air filled his lungs and he took in deep, rejuvenating breaths. He eyed the window as the goblins dragged him closer and closer to it. With his last drop of strength, Maric wrenched himself away from the goblins, causing them to cry out in surprise, and he threw himself out the window. He was free, he thought as he flew towards the rapidly approaching ground.      Rose woke to the sun streaming in the small window above the bed. It was quiet outside the wagon and she gently removed Maric’s arm from her shoulder and slipped out of the bed. Maric slept on while Rose dressed and stepped out of Athena’s wagon.Though it was quiet out, Rose saw that many were awake. Several women hunched over open fires cooking breakfast. When she passed one, an old woman pressed a bowl of cooked oats into her hands. Rose took it gratefully and ate while keeping her eye out for Athena.She walked into Berxley and saw that many of the villagers were packing what little possessions escaped the fires. Horses and wagons were rounded up and filled with goods from several households. She saw Athena’s dark head bobbing next to one of the wagons.“Ah, you’re awake,” Athena said as Rose approached. “You and the man have been asleep for over a day.”Rose’s eyes widened in alarm. “Then, we must leave immediately. There are people waiting for us in Beaumont.” “There will be time,” Athena reassured her. “You both needed your rest.” Athena was right, as usual. Rose felt much better, energized even. Athena looked at her from the corner of her eye and hesitated before speaking. “How much do you know about the man you are traveling with?”“Maric? We met a few days ago. He is a mercenary, a monster hunter.” Athena nodded slowly. “And, you have never seen him before?”“No, but I heard of him. He is well known in the area.”“I’ve seen him,” Athena said. Rose looked up in interest. Athena had never mentioned meeting a monster hunter before. Someone like that would have been invited back to the camp to tell their stories. Athena collected stories and songs as much as she did people.“Though he looks much different now than he did then. When you first came to us five years ago, when we were performing outside Whiteridge,”  Rose nodded, she remembered the time. It was a few days after Athena had found her wandering around the woods lost. It was at Whiteridge that she took up the new identity of Jacques Aguillard. “There was a man hanging around the camp. He was younger then, no beard, no scars, but I am certain he and Maric are one in the same.”Rose froze. “What do you mean?”“It appeared that he was looking for someone.” Athena eyed her. “Perhaps, looking for you. He left soon after and I hadn’t set eyes on him again until yesterday when you both arrived. So, I ask you again, what do you know of him?”“Nothing besides what I told you. Except, he lost his memory about five years back as well. He was attacked, tortured, and was found not too far from here. He does not remember who he was. He does not even remember what happened to him.”“Are you certain he is not lying?”“Yes,” Rose replied. “I am certain he is not.”Athena bit her lip, her face filled with concern. “Then, be careful. There is something much larger at work here. I cannot help but feel as if the attack on Berxley, you, and Maric are not all intertwined in some way.”Fate, Rose thought. Was this all fated to happen?

Maric woke to the sunlight beaming down on the narrow bed. He reached over to discover that it was empty and turned to find Rose bustling around inside the wagon. She had lit a fire in the small hearth and he welcomed the heat.“What time is it?”“Less an hour after dawn,” Rose replied as she handed him a mug of hot tea. It smelled of flowers. He thanked her and took a sip. She slipped out of the wagon giving Maric time to wash up and dress. He caught his reflection in a small mirror and winced at the sight. Though he had a restful night of sleep, he still looked as if a wagon had driven over him. He ran his hand along his beard, which had grown wild in the last few days. He wondered if anyone in the village had a straight razor he could borrow. Rose returned soon after with a large bowl of boiled oats drizzled generously with honey. She also carried with her two bright apples. She set all of the food on the table and sat across from him, her eyes watching him expectantly.“Thank you. For yourself?”“I already ate.” Maric nodded and tucked in. He didn’t realize how hungry he was until he had finished the bowl of oats. He pulled out a small knife and began to peel the apple in one long strand. Rose watched him with interest until he finished. He sliced off a bit of apple and handed it to her. She bit into the piece. Maric leaned in, rubbing his thumb along the edges of her lips. He drew her face close and kissed her.“Sweet,” he murmured. When he pulled away, he saw that her face was filled with anticipation. Her lips darted out of her mouth and licked her lips. Maric growled, dropping the apple and pulled her from her seat and onto his lap. Her lips crashed into his as her arms and legs wrapped around until she was straddling his lap. His arms held her tightly, crushing her body into his chest. She tasted so sweet, like the slice of apple she just ate and a touch of honey. And, she smelled of roses, a deep heady scent that drove him right of his senses. She kissed him ferociously and it took all of Maric’s energy just to hold onto her writhing in his lap and all his willpower not to embarrass himself. He was about to lift her and dump her into the bed when the wagon’s door opened and Athena’s head poked through the opening.“Oh good, you’re awake,” she said, her face lit with amusement as Rose scrambled off of Maric’s lap. Maric glared at the woman. He did not know how many more interruptions he could take. “I have your horses ready, Rose, as you asked.”“Thank you,” Rose replied, her face bright red. “We’ll be right out.”“Take your time,” Athena replied, closing the door soundly behind her. Rose began to walk away, but Maric caught her hand and brought the inside of her wrist up to his lips.“When this is all over-” he began. Rose flushed brightly again and snatched her hand away and rushed out of the wagon. Maric sat there in the quiet wagon willing his blood to cool before he followed her out. Athena pressed a packet of food into Rose’s arms as she and Maric prepared to leave. “Thank you,” Rose said, before turning and putting it away in her pack. “What will you do now?”Athena looked towards the village. “We will stay long enough to see everyone away from here. It is no longer safe. We do not know if the goblins will be back at nightfall to burn down the rest of the village.” Athena’s lips pressed into a thin line, her gray eyes hardening. “We will not survive another attack. Tis a miracle we survived the last one.”Rose nodded. The villagers were made up of farmers and merchants. No one had to tackle anything more dangerous than a wily goat or a grumpy rooster. It wasn’t an attack, it was a slaughter.“We will continue on to Beaumont,” Athena continued, “and seek refuge there.”“We sent others ahead to inform the king of the attack,” Rose said, thinking about Alistair and Odette. She hoped they would have reached Beaumont by now and that Pierre, Margot, and the children were safely tucked away on her kin’s farm. She prayed that Pierre had survived the trip. His fever was running high when they parted. And, Rose had seen her fair share of infections that worsened in less time. If he is to recover, it will be a long one. He will most likely be chained to his bed for weeks, if not months to come. “And you?” Athena asked with concern in her eyes.“Maric and I will follow the river downstream.” Maric had spent the past half hour interrogating Matthias about the tracks he had followed. Matthias informed them that the goblins came from the forest. They had followed the river up before veering off and attacking Berxley and the farms located in its outskirts. Matthias only followed the tracks for a mile or two, but did not dare go any farther. He was only a boy and unarmed. Athena only asked him to make sure that the goblins were out of the area, which he did. Maric had thanked the boy for the information, causing Matthias to blush brightly. “Then safe travels to you both.”Rose hugged Athena tightly. “And, to you as well. We will meet again in Beaumont in a day.”Athena nodded. “And mind you remember what I told you about him.” She nodded her head towards Maric, who was seated upon Clover and looking about him with impatience. Rose knew that it took all his willpower not to hurry her along and she thanked him silently for it. Truth be told, Rose did not know when she would see Athena next. Tomorrow in Beaumont? Or never, if things go badly. Rose hugged Athena tighter. Every parting could be the last. She and Maric were riding into danger and both women knew that things could turn from good to bad to worse in a matter of seconds.  The two women separated and Rose leaped into the saddle. Daffodil snorted and pranced eager to leave. Maric nodded to Athena in farewell and Rose followed him into the woods.Maric easily picked up the goblin’s trail. They did nothing to hide their tracks, the dirt underneath them covered with hundreds of boot prints and the bushes and trees surrounding the path were torn apart in a haphazard fashion. It spoke of confidence or recklessness. The goblins knew that they needn’t cower in their attacks and, to Maric, this spoke volumes. Goblins were cowardly creatures. Even in numbers as large as the ones that attacked Berxley and the Boucher farm, they tended to skirt any action and wait until the fighting was over to pick over the remains. They were never the instigator of an attack. They would have never acted alone.Maric thought back to his dream from the night before. He had yet to share it with Rose, who rode Daffodil alongside him. Whenever the path got too narrow, Maric fell back to follow Rose, having her take the lead. The path the goblins took was easy to follow, even for someone like Rose who didn’t know specifically how to look for the signs. He was certain now that his dreams and nightmares were neither, they were memories that his mind had locked away. He could understand the reason too, it was as if his own mind was shielding him from the terrible pain of it all. But, within the memories were clues. He was confident that the sorceress, the she-demon, was behind the goblin attacks. Maric just didn’t understand why she had captured and tortured him so relentlessly. From what he knew, which, to his credit, wasn’t much, he did not know the sorceress and he did not know of the girl who she was seeking. From his conversation with Matthias, Maric confirmed what he had already suspected. The goblins came from the south, which is where something deep inside him was telling him to go. Something pulled at him there and the closer they traveled the more his head throbbed in pain. At the moment, the pain had receded to a dull ache at the back of his head. He woke that morning with his head aching, but after kissing Rose, it seemed to fade away. It was as if her kisses were a tonic to his headaches. As he watched her ride before him, her slender form perched upright on the saddle, he resisted the urge to reach out and pull her onto his own saddle. To hold her close to his chest. To turn back now, forget whatever evil laid in front of him, and ride away as far from here as possible.Maric knew that Rose was amiable to run away with him, to start a new life with him. For them both to disappear, forgetting who they were, or in Maric’s case, never discovering it, and to be with one another forever. But, it was not to be, not now anyways, Maric thought. People were murdered last night and more to come if the goblin attack was a sign of something greater. He could not turn away. And, he knew, that Rose would not either. Whatever they were riding into, they would ride there together. If they survived the day, then, Maric thought, he would ask her to run with him.The river was slow and steady as they approached it. Winter was upon them soon and the snow sat heavily on top of the mountains. It wouldn’t be until spring when the snow melted and the river became a beast, roaring and crashing along the riverbank. From where they stood, Rose could see that the goblins had crossed the river at some point before turning south. “We are nearly there,” Maric said, his hand gingerly touching the base of his skull. He winced in pain.“Are you all right?” “Yes, let us hurry.” Maric clicked his heels against Clover’s side and the horse plunged into the water. It only came up to its knees. Daffodil followed her mate. Rose shivered and wrapped her cloak tighter around her body. Even though she was well out of the water, she could feel the cold permeate through her clothes. If she was dunked, she would be chilled through within seconds. They rode for a few minutes before Maric broke the silence. “It was near here that Pierre found me.” Rose remembered what Margot told her. “It was about this time of year.”“The water must have been freezing,” Rose replied. “I wouldn’t know. I was unconscious.” Maric smiled wryly at her. He hesitated before continuing. “I had another… nightmare last night.” Rose tensed in her saddle. Each nightmare was a clue to his past. And, Rose couldn’t help but think about what Athena had told her. That her and Maric’s paths had crossed at some point, back when he remembered who he was. “You were right,” he continued. “The nightmares are not that at all. They must be memories about what happened to me.” He didn’t need to clarify for Rose to know he was speaking about the scars on his back. “And in your most recent nightmare?”“I am in a tower. There is a witch or sorceress, and she wants the same thing as before. She is looking for someone, a girl.” Rose shuddered. “And, I do not know why, she believes I know where this girl is hidden. But, I do not, and she tries to force the answer from me.” Rose didn’t dare ask how she tried to coerce Maric to tell her information that he did not possess. “There is an unnatural light in the room. A sick green that is emitting from the corner. I cannot see what it is. It is blinding.” Maric shook his head.Rose nodded. “What happened after?”Maric smiled again. “When the goblins dragged me from the room, there was a window.” He paused. “I threw myself out of it.” Rose gasped. “You could have been killed.”“That was my intention.”Maric grimaced at the memory. It was the first time that he admitted it out loud that he was willing to take his life to escape the pain of being trapped inside the ruined keep. It felt cowardly to him to seek the oblivion of death than to endure another day of torture. He watched Rose out of the corner of his eye to catch her reaction to his admission. “I can understand.”“Can you?”“I’ve seen those scars. And, from what Margot told me, you were nothing but skin and bones when they found you. I cannot imagine the suffering you endured, but I can understand your need to escape, whatever the means. You felt that there was no other choice.”“I could have endured.”“It would not matter,” Rose almost spat out. “Whoever this witch was, she meant to kill you. Even if you knew the information that she so desperately wanted, she would have killed you after you told her. It was better to have risked taking your own life in your own hand.” Rose huffed. “Anyways, you did not die.”Maric watched her curiously. “No I did not.”Rose thrust her chin out. “And, we will put an end to her. Together.” And as simple as that, Maric’s soul was absolved. Within the hour, Rose could hear the clamoring of metal on metal. Maric slowed Clover and slid down the saddle until he was walking side-by-side with the horse. He motioned for Rose to do the same.“We’ll leave the horses here,” he said in a low voice, though Rose was certain that whoever was causing all that racket would not be able to hear them over it. Rose nodded and followed Maric as they tied the horses to a nearby tree. The knot was loose in case they needed to hop on and ride out of danger.Rose was surprised when Maric reached down and took her hand as they crept along the trees until they found themselves on top of a small cliffside. Below them, Rose could see masses upon masses of goblins running to and fro. They looked much like the ones that attacked the farm. Most of them wore mismatched armor. The cacophony of noise was from the goblins’ swords as they sparred against one another. Rose shuddered, feeling the terror pass through her. There were thousands of them. “Look,” Maric whispered. Rose followed his eyes to the castle deep in the valley. It stood in the middle of the sea of goblins and other monsters like a jagged black tooth sticking out of the earth. The stone walls were collapsing on themselves if not for the thick black vines that held them up. There was a dried out moat that circled the castle and rotted drawbridge. Remnants of four towers sat at each corner of the keep, but only one was still standing. The others looked as if they were shorn off by a giant. A green glow emitted from the remaining tower. Rose was about to ask Maric about it when she caught him staring into the green light, his mouth agape. His eyes were blank, as if transfixed.“Maric?” Rose reached out and nudged him on the shoulder, shaking him. “Maric!” His pupils grew large and dark until it seemed to fill his entire eye. She grasped his head between her hands and stood in front of him, blocking his view of the tower. Slowly, she felt the muscles in his face slacken until he blinked. He appeared lost for a moment.“Rose?”“We need to get out of here,” she said, helping Maric to his feet. She could hear the churning of the goblins below. The noise was louder as if they also sensed something dangerous was in the air. “Come on.” Rose pulled Maric behind her. He still looked dazed, as if unsure of where he was. They hurried back to the horses, who were pawing at the ground eager to be off. They must know, Rose thought. The feeling of terror was rising in the air, choking Rose as she helped Maric up into his saddle. Clover pranced around impatiently while Rose swung up onto Daffodil’s back. Daffodil broke out into a gallop as soon as the forest cleared and Rose didn’t stop her. She felt like running herself, the hairs on her neck standing up on all ends.  The sun was setting before she brought Daffodil to a stop. They were both covered in a sleek sheen of sweat. Maric stopped Clover near her, having recovered from the thrall of the castle. “We must warn the king,” Maric said, his face shuttered. “What happened back there?”Maric shook his head as if still trying to shake the thrall out of his mind. “I do not know, but I am certain that was where I was imprisoned.” He did not say tortured, Rose thought. “It is familiar. And, the fact that I had a reaction to it at all must mean something.”“We won’t make it to Beaumont tonight,” Rose said. “I know a place not far from here where we can spend the night.” Maric looked at her with surprise. “We can make it if we ride all night.”Rose shook her head and indicated down to Daffodil. The horse was shaking, exhausted, and frightened out of its own wits. The white of her eyes shone brightly in the fading sunlight, her pupils large. Clover looked much the same. Maric frowned. He would not push the horses any harder either.“They need their rest. And, so do we. It will give us time to talk about what we will say to the king.”Maric snorted. “All we need to tell him that his kingdom is in danger.”“Perhaps, but he may not believe us. The king’s son is to be baptized soon. There will be a celebration in the city. He may not want to listen.”“Then he should not be king if he cannot look after the safety of his own people.”Rose was certain Philip would listen to them, to her when he realized who she was. The truth of it was that Rose wasn’t sure if she was ready to see him. She thought of Philip every single day in the past five years. Not a day passed when she wondered if he was happy, if she had made a mistake by running. If she could have truly been happy with him.Rose watched Maric out of the side of her eye. He seemed recovered, his eyes clear and thoughtful. Rose was surprised about how she felt about him. And, since she met Maric, she thought less and less of Philip with each passing day. “What is it?” Maric asked, catching her eye.“I was just thinking that when this is all over, well… I will definitely have enough material for my ballad.” She laughed when Maric scowled back at her. She would miss him. Maric followed Rose in a slow trot. She looked about her closely as if trying to find a forgotten path. When her eyes caught on a small stream, she smiled widely. “We’re nearly there,” she said. “Where are we heading?”“Home.”The stream led to a small break in the woods where Maric saw a lone cottage surrounded by flowers. When he got a closer look, he noticed they were roses.“This is your home?” Maric asked, following Rose as they hopped down from their horses. They left Clover and Daffodil untethered so they could drink from the spring and graze on the fresh grass underneath. Clover shook as if relieved that the journey had ended. “Yes, I grew up here.”  Maric remembered that Rose told him that she grew up alone in the forest with only three aunts to keep her company. She lived there because people were after her, people who had wanted to harm her. He stepped back to take in the cottage and he could see how this place could be both a home and prison to her. It was quaint and comfortable, but also isolated. The trees around it cast the cottage in a deep shadow that seemed to cool the air to a chill. Maric suppressed a shiver as he followed Rose into the cottage.Rose threw open the door and Maric was surprised to see that the cottage wasn’t full of spider webs and dust. It looked as if it was just cleaned. The hardwood floors shone brightly and the furniture all looked new. Even the air smelled clean like a spring day.“Are you certain no one lives here now?” he asked. “Yes, it was always like this when I was a child. I didn’t tell you this before, but my aunts were fey. The cottage is enchanted. If you weren’t with me, you wouldn’t even be able to see it. Only those seeking it will find it.”Maric’s eyebrows shot up. “Who are you really, Rose?”She blushed and turned away quickly. “I’m just Rose,” she said quickly. “Why don’t you see to the horses and I will gather some firewood. Even though the cottage is enchanted, it can still get quite cold in here during the night.” Maric nodded, his head swimming with questions. But, he could tell from the resolute look on Rose’s face that he wouldn’t get any tonight. Rose watched with satisfaction as the fire in the hearth burned brightly. The cottage was already feeling warmer and in a few minutes it would be comfortable enough to take off her cloak. Maric went to rub down the horses, who were both covered in sweat and could catch their own cold if he hadn’t. Rose   retrieved their packs and was glad to see that packet Athena had prepared was full of food. She pulled out a loaf of bread with two small jars, when she opened one she saw that it was butter, and the other was elderberry jam. Rose grinned in anticipation. Athena remembered how fond Rose was of her jam. Further in the bag was a thick hunk of cheese, a slab of salted pork, and nestled on the bottom among cushioned fabric was about a dozen eggs. It would be enough for tonight. Maric said he would hunt if necessary, but Rose cautioned him against it. He may not be able to find the cottage again on his own. He looked as if he would argue, but decided against it. Anyways, there was enough food for the night and Rose was half-starved since they hadn’t stopped for luncheon.   “Look what I found,” Maric said, walking back into the cottage with a handful of potatoes and carrots and one large cabbage. Rose had forgotten about Fauna’s vegetable garden out back. She shouldn’t be surprised to see that the garden was still growing so late in the season. Everything here was touched with magic.Maric went to retrieve a basin of cold water from the stream while she chopped up the vegetables. Maric poured some of the water into a pot he found in one of the bottom cabinets in the kitchen and dumped in the vegetables with a generous pinch of salt. Rose set a skillet on top of the fire and quickly sizzled up thick slices of salted pork belly. While the pork cooked, Rose sliced up the bread and stuck a slice of cheese between the two pieces and placed them on metal tongs to toast over the fire. She watched the bread carefully turn golden brown and only pulled the bread out once the cheese began to bubble. Maric looked down at it like a man half starved. “Go on,” Rose said, as she handed the piece of bread to him. He tore off a large chunk and sank his teeth in, letting out a small groan in pleasure as he did so.Rose plated the slices of pork belly, now nice and crisp and cracked a few eggs into the pan. They cooked quickly and she gingerly moved them onto the slices of bread. Last, she filled two large mugs with soup and set them down on the table. “What are our plans tomorrow?” Rose asked as she passed Maric another slice of bread with egg. He gratefully took another slice and bit into it while also taking a bite of the pork.  “We will leave early for Beaumont. From here, it should be another four hour ride. We should arrive by noon.”“And, then to the king?” Rose swallowed hard. She wasn’t prepared to come face-to-face with Philip again. She didn’t know if she ever would be. She idly wondered if he would recognize her now. “Yes. First we find Alistair. As he said, he is the king’s cousin. We will need him if we are to be granted an audience. I expect it to be busy with the baptism for the young prince.” Even in Berxley, where the village was burned down to tinders, Rose had seen evidence of the upcoming celebration. Banners and flags were burned down to just the smallest traces. The entire country was filled with anticipation for the event. It would be difficult to reach the king and Maric was right, they needed Alistair’s connection. Rose hoped that Alistair had already reached the king by now and warned him of what was to come.“And what about afterwards?”“After we inform the king?”“Yes, what will we do then?” Rose watched as Maric stilled. It seemed as if he wanted to say more and Rose silently begged him to do so, but he looked away. “We will see.”Maric didn’t want to make any promises that he could not keep. It was on the tip of his tongue to ask Rose to run away with him. And, her violet eyes were bright as if expecting to hear those very words. But, after seeing the castle and the strange green glow, Maric knew that he needed to be there with the king’s army when the time came. He needed to see this through to the end. He needed to know that the sorceress was truly dead and gone before he could return to Rose. Otherwise, he will remain broken, incomplete. If he could not give Rose his whole being, he would give her nothing.To her credit, Rose did not look disappointed nor relieved much to Maric’s joy. She nodded her head as if she understood. There was still too much to come for them to be planning out their future together. He may not even survive the battle.“I will be there right alongside you,” she said, shaking Maric out of his thoughts.“What do you mean?”“When you go face her,” Rose did not need to clarify who her was, “I will be there with you.”Maric’s body froze with fear. “Absolutely not.”“Of course I will be,” Rose shot back. “You will need my help. I have saved your life more than once now if you remember.”“And, I have saved yours too,” Maric said. “This is not a game, Rose. She is not a game.”“Well, you have forgotten that you promised me a story for my ballad. What else is better than your final confrontation with the witch that stole your memory? That stole your life?”Maric groaned. “Forget the ridiculous ballad!”Rose huffed up in offense. “It is not ridiculous! It will be beautiful because it will be about you, you stupid man!”   Maric reached out and grasped Rose’s hands into his as she made to stand up. He knew the signs now, the look of anger flashing through her violet eyes, the way that her brows scrunched up in the middle causing a small crease along her forehead. If she wasn’t careful, she would have lines on her face as she got older, but Maric secretly thought that they would make her even more beautiful than she was now. “Don’t,” Maric whispered, reaching out and drawing Rose around the table and onto his lap. He held her firmly there, her face nestled into the crook of his neck. He waited until the tension left her body before letting go of her hands. They were white where he held her and he hoped they wouldn’t leave bruises. He didn’t realize how tightly he had been holding onto her. Maric swallowed and wondered if it was because of his need for her. Not just her body, but her soul as well. The thought should have frightened him.Rose sighed as Maric kissed her. It didn’t dawn on Maric until this moment that they were alone, for the first time in days. They may not have another moment like this again. And, he thanked the heavens as he stood and carried Rose up the stairs.Maric kicked open the door into Rose’s old bedroom. She had only a second to take in the surroundings, it looked the same as it had the last time she was here over five years ago. Even the rich, purple bedspread was the same. The last time she was in the room, she was crying because her aunts had told her that she was Princess Aurora and that they were leaving for Liyonne as she was the daughter of the king and queen. She cried because she would never see that boy from the forest again. And, she remembered how she cried with joy when she realized that the boy and Prince Philip, her betrothed, were one in the same.Rose mentally shook her head as Maric brought his lips back down onto hers. This was not the time to think of Philip. He was her past. Maric, Rose thought as his tongue probed gently at her lips until she parted them and he deepened the kiss, was her future.Rose groaned in anticipation and she felt a low growl rumble up Maric’s chest as he dropped her gently onto the bed. He followed her, pulling Rose onto his chest so that her whole body rested on the front of his. He continued the kiss, his teeth gently nibbling on her lower lip until she parted them again. He pulled her legs apart until she was straddling his waist. “What do you want, Rose?” Maric asked between breaths. “I want you.”Maric’s eyes filled with heat. “As you wish.”Rose watched as Maric reached up and slowly untied the length of lacing that fastened the front of her bodice. His eyes held hers and he moved slowly, pulling the lacing out of each eyelet as if he was in no hurry. She could feel his warm fingers graze the cotton dress she wore under the bodice and she shivered at the touch. Soon she was free and he threw the bodice aside. The dress hung loose and Maric sat up and kissed her as he reached to the end of her dress and began to pull it over her head. She shifted slightly on his hips so that he could pull it free and he groaned against her neck. The dress disappeared over the side of the bed, joining her bodice. Rose sat straddled across his hips and she could feel the heat of him through her undergarments.  “So beautiful,” Maric whispered, his eyes heavy as he trailed kisses along the edge of her chemise at her chest. She felt her skin flush with heat and a throbbing ache begin between her legs. The sensation was raw and almost painful and if she was not sitting, she knew her legs would not be able to hold her. Even now, she leaned heavily against Maric as he reached under her chemise and cupped her breasts with his hands. “I have dreamed of this moment,” Maric said, his thumbs rubbing gently across her nipples. Rose felt a bolt of pleasure rock through her body causing her to gasp out loud. He pulled the chemise free leaving her naked from the waist up. He leaned forward, his lips falling onto one of her breasts as he lightly kissed around her nipple, slowly, closing in until his tongue flicked across it. Rose cried out and clutched his head to her chest. “I have dreamed of this in my every waking minute. Of how you would feel in my arms, of how you would taste like…”“No more dreams,” Rose whispered as he turned his head up to look at her. She grasped his head in her hands and kissed him hard. He gasped out in surprise. “Show me. Show me what you want to do to me.”Maric moved quickly pulling off his leather vest and the tunic underneath. Rose, who was still straddling his hips, watched with brazen need. Every slight movement she made caused him to swallow a groan. If he did not hurry, he would embarrass himself. He reached down and lifted her hips so he could undo the laces of his trousers and pull them down. He threw them aside before rolling over until Rose was beneath him. He reached down between them and pulled off her undergarments until she laid completely naked. He sat back on his heels to drink her in. The sun had set hours ago and he cursed himself for not lighting a candle. Only the soft moonlight shone through the window and it cast Rose in an ethereal glow. She was truly beautiful, the most beautiful woman that he had ever seen. And it wasn’t what his eyes saw, but what he felt in his heart.I love her. The thought stunned him as much as her beauty did. I love her. “Maric?” He looked down at her face, her eyes filled with concern. “Are you feeling okay?”“Yes. No.” Then he laughed. It felt as if a burden was lifted from his shoulders. He no longer cared about who he truly was, all he knew, all he ever needed to know was he loved Rose. He would tell her, soon, but not now, not in the heat of the moment when she could not know if he truly meant the words or if lust had blinded him. After, yes, after, he thought. After all this was over and he was free to love her for the rest of his life.Rose laughed with Maric, though she did not know why. But, she felt a sudden shift in the air, as if whatever pained him before was suddenly gone. He looked happy, smiling down at her. His eyes were clear and there was a softness in them that she had never seen before. Rose reached up and pulled him down on top of her and he kissed her. The heat returned. She felt Maric reach down between her legs, his fingers parting the folds of the most secret parts of herself. She grasped onto his neck as she felt a finger push into her followed by another.“So soft,” he murmured into the top of her head. Rose felt something building inside her. A thrumming of pleasure. “More, Maric, I need more.”He kissed her urgently as he positioned himself between her legs. She raised her knees almost instinctively and could feel the heat of him pressed up against her. She widened her legs until she felt him slowly push himself into her. “So tight,” he said, his voice strained. “Do you need me to stop?”“Don’t you dare,” she said even as she winced as he pushed forward again. “Thank God. This may hurt,” he said as he surged forward. Rose let out a small cry of surprise. “Are you okay?” Maric said, panting. His face was tense as if he was in pain. Rose moved her hips, adjusting to the size of him. After the initial shock, she realized that he felt good. But the pleasure that was mounting before had dissipated. Maric groaned. “If you keep that up, I may embarrass myself.”“Is there more?”Maric laughed into the pillow by her head. “Yes, there is more.” He shifted again, pulling away and Rose cried out at the sudden loss, but he pushed forward again, filling her fully. The thrumming sensation had returned. She could feel it building inside of her, as if every nerve in her body was alive all at once. She heard her own cries matched Maric’s as he moved quickly and deliberately. Her body began to tense and when Maric reached between them and rubbed his thumb across the nub between her legs, Rose shattered into a million pieces.Maric cried out and fell into her with one final thrust and Rose felt a warmness fill her.Rose woke to Maric lightly brushing his thumb across her cheek. His face was hovering above her own and for a brief moment Rose was overcome by the sense of familiarity. He smiled gently when he noticed that she was awake. “I am sorry, I did not mean to disturb you.”Rose stretched against Maric’s body before realizing that she was still naked and scrambled to put some distance between them on the narrow bed. “It is a little too late for that,” he said, his voice laced with amusement. Rose could see Maric clearly in the moonlight that shone through the window. “There is something I need to tell you,” he began, as he reached across the bed and pulled her close against him. Rose’s breath caught for a moment as their bare skins pressed against one another, but she did not resist. He felt deliciously warm. “After seeing the keep and the tower, I knew that I had been there before.”“What happened to you then? You froze when you saw it.”Maric shook his head. “I do not know. It was as if I felt a heaviness overcome me. I could not look away until you forced me to.” “Magic.”“Most likely, whatever magic that compelled me to obey. I will not be free of the sorcessess, of her magic, until she is defeated.” He paused. “I had a dream recently, though a memory now, about my escape from the keep. Before I escaped, I was in the tower with her.”“Do you remember what she looked like?”Maric shook his head. “Unfortunately, no. That part is a bit unclear. But, what I do remember is what was causing that strange, green glow. It came from the inner room. I believe it is the seat of her power.”“What is it?”“I did not see it with my own eyes, but I felt it. If I destroy it, I destroy her.”Rose bit her lip. It seemed too easy, as if the sorceress would expose herself in that way. Maric reached an arm around Rose and pulled her onto the top of his chest until they laid face to face. “Do not worry, love. I will defeat her.” His hand slipped between them and Rose shuddered in pleasure. Rose closed her mind off to the battle ahead and looked down to Maric, whose eyes were hot with passion. They only had one night and she didn’t want to think about anything but this very moment with Maric. She wanted to commit it all to memory in case they never had a chance to be together again.

They left early in the morning despite not sleeping much during the night. Rose woke up in Maric’s arms as the sun was peeking through the trees. He was already awake and watching her. Rose blushed remembering what had happened the night before. After the first time, Maric woke her two more times in the night, each time more intense than the last until Rose felt as if she could take no more of the pleasure. She was wrong as she met him eagerly with every stroke until they collapsed into one another and Maric pulled up the blanket around them. Despite the interrupted sleep, Rose hadn’t felt so well rested in a long while. She felt completely loose, as if each muscle in her body was kneaded and stretched. She yawned widely in her saddle and Maric turned to smile at her. Rose blushed brightly again.She didn’t know what to say to him in the morning. Something between them had changed forever. “If I had known that sleeping with you would have stilled your tongue, I would have done it a while ago,” Maric said with a smile on his face. Rose stuck her tongue out at him. He laughed.“When will we arrive in Beaumont?”Maric’s face grew serious. “Not long now.” By the position of the sun in the sky, it was nearly noon. They had eaten the last of their food for breakfast and Rose was eager for luncheon despite the uncomfortable churning in her stomach. Today, she would see Philip again. Rose worried her bottom lip. She wasn’t sure if he would even recognize her. She was no longer disguised as Jacques, but she looked different now than she did then. Her skin was golden from being in the sun and her hair red ever since she began coloring it for her disguise. She had cut it short too, but it was now overdue for another trim. But, she knew it was more than outwardly appearances. These past five years had changed who she was. She was no longer the naive peasant girl nor the beautiful, untouchable princess. She was more worldly now, much more so after last night, she thought with a blush. It was less than an hour before Rose saw the large stone gates of Beaumont. The city itself was nestled at the bottom of a large mountain range. Rose could see that the tops were already covered in snow.Maric rode quickly towards the main gate and nodded at the soldiers standing guard. They nodded in return and did not stop them as they rode through. The young prince’s baptism was only three days away and many people from around the country had been pouring into the city for the celebration. They had passed caravans of wagons filled with families on their way into the city. Maric continued onto the stable where he handed Clover to the groom there. Rose did the same with Daffodil. “Alistair said he will meet us at the White Rabbit Inn,” he said.They pushed their way through the jubilant crowds. A large outdoor fair had been set up and the air filled with the sweet smells of cake and the savory smells of roasted meat. Rose ignored her gurgling stomach as Maric pushed open the door of the inn. Rose’s eyes immediately fell on Alistair’s light blond hair. He was sitting at the bar with Odette, a tankard of ale in his hand.“Alistair!” Maric called out.“Maric! Rose! You made it.” Relief seemed to flood his face. Maric clapped him heartily on the back. Even Odette gave Rose a small smile.“How is Pierre?” Maric asked, his face filled with concern. The last they saw of him two days ago, Pierre was in the throws of a fever. Infection had set in. “His fever broke on the ride over. He will live.” Rose exhaled in relief. Alistair smiled at her. “Though, he may not be able to use his arm for some time yet.”“At least he is alive and on the mend,” Rose said.“Have you met with the king yet?” Maric asked.Alistair shook his head. “We just arrived ourselves not an hour ago. I sent a note ahead. It was a slow drive with Pierre and the children. But, now that you are here, we can head over to the palace together.”The castle sat at the far end of the city against the base of the mountain. From Rose’s perspective, it looked as if the castle was built right into the mountain. Only the outer facade of the castle was made of cut stone while the rest seemed to be flushed against the natural mountain side. “It’s beautiful,” Rose whispered.Alistair smiled. “Yes it is. I grew up here as a child.”“You were friends with the prince then?”“Yes, Philip and his brother, Adrian, though he was much younger than us at the time. We were cousins, of course, but I could also count on Philip to be one of my closest friends.”Rose nodded and said nothing more. Before the end of the day, she would see him again and she could feel the anxiety wash over her body. “Are you all right, Rose? You look a little pale,” Maric asked.“Yes, I’m fine.” Rose knew that she needed to tell Maric who she really was and, more so now after what happened between them last night. She knew that she loved him and he deserved the truth about her, about Philip. Maybe she could pull him aside before they met with the king.They approached the imposing gate made out of iron. Alistair stated who he was to the soldiers at the gate and they allowed him and the rest of the party to pass. They entered a large courtyard filled with people mingling. From their dress, Rose determined that they must be other high ranking dignitaries from neighboring kingdoms present for the young prince’s baptism. She kept her eyes forward lest one of them recognized her. She wondered if her own parents were present somewhere in the castle. The kingdoms of Valenris and Liyonne were old allies, thus why the arrangement for Philip and her to marry one day. It would have united both kingdoms, a power move that many rejoiced but some feared. She was certain that some among the groups of people present were relieved when Rose vanished and Philip married someone else. Rose kept her eyes down as she passed the crowd of lords and ladies. If she hadn’t ran away five years ago, it might be her now greeting them in the great hall. She remembered her parents telling her of her own christening, the day that she was cursed by Maleficent. Rose said a silent prayer that all would go well for the young prince.As the group walked into the main hall, a servant detached himself from the wall.“Lord Alistair, it is good to see you again. My king had received your note. He will meet you and the others in his private study, however, he has instructed me to see you to your rooms.” “Our rooms?” Rose asked.The servant turned to her. “Yes, you will all be staying in the castle. My king insisted.”Alistair smiled widely. “I was hoping for this. No more sleeping out in the woods or in a dirty inn.”“If you can give us the direction of where you left your belongings,” the servant crooked a finger and four men appeared out of the shadows, “we will go and retrieve them for you.”Alistair informed them of the location of his and Odette’s belongings, which they left at the inn. Maric and Rose’s belongings were still in saddlebags left in the stables. The four men vanished as quickly as they appeared. The man led the group deeper into the castle. They passed many more servants and guards. The servants were bustling around the castle with their arms loaded down with sheets and towels or trays of food, while the guards stood by at each entrance. The man caught Rose’s eye and said, “We have many distinguished guests present for Prince Tristan’s baptism in three days. The king and queen are well-prepared to provide any level of comfort their guests need. Including yourselves.”They followed the man down the end of a long hallway before they began climbing up the stairs into one of the four towers. Midway up, the man turned off and walked down a short hallway. Rose saw that there were four doors, two on the left wall, and two on the right. He directed Alistair and Odette to take the two alongside the left and Maric and Rose to take the two on the right. “If you need anything, there is a bell pull in each chamber that will summon one of the two maids assigned to this floor of the castle.”  Rose thanked the servant and turned into the bedchamber. It was decently sized, though Rose knew based off of the rooms found in Fleurcourt that it was one of the smaller chambers. A bed sat in the middle of the room, just large enough for two people if they slept closely to one another. It was covered in clean bedding and a thick blanket. A small fireplace was burning brightly at the farside of the room. Before Rose could take a step farther, there was a knock on the door. Rose opened it to find a maid carrying her pack. She dropped quickly into curtsy upon seeing Rose.“Miss, I brought your things. Would you like me to unpack your bag?” Rose knew from experience that by telling the young girl “no” would lead to the girl feeling as if she had done something wrong. When Rose first began living at Fleurcourt, she washed her own clothes, cleaned her own room, made her own bed, and emptied her own chamberpot. The maids were aghast and complained to the head housekeeper, who in turn complained to Queen Leah. Her mother had to sit her down to tell her that if Rose did all the work then there was nothing left for the maids to do and, if that was the case, the maids would feel as if their livelihoods were threatened. And she wouldn’t want the maids to feel as they didn’t earn their keep, did she?Rose nodded to the maid, a bright green eyed girl with hair the color golden wheat. While most maids kept their hair tucked neatly under their white caps, this one had a few strands artfully peeking from the bottom of her cap. Rose thought it was intentional. The girl knew that her hair was her best feature and wanted to show it off whenever she could.“My name is Jeanette,” the maid said as she moved across the chamber and placed Rose’s pack on the ground. She began unpacking it, shifting the clean clothes from the dirty ones. She didn’t even blink when she pulled out the tunic and trousers Rose wore as Jacques. When she finished, she returned to Rose.“My name is Rose,” Rose said introducing herself. Jeanette gave her a deferential nod.“Would milady need anything else?”Rose hesitated. The clothes she wore were no fit to meet the king with, not based on what the other guests were wearing. She didn’t have a gown in her possession. Even Jeanette was dressed better than she was. “Would what I am wearing be acceptable when meeting with King Philip?” Rose asked. She didn’t have much of a choice. She just hoped Odette didn’t have a gown squirreled away in her own pack. At least she can count on Maric to look as unkempt as she. He only had the one set of clothes from what Rose gathered.  Jeanette eyed her dress critically. “It is not quite proper, but I believe it will do. Peasants often come to see the king themselves and they be not wearing gowns and suits and such. And, it is not King Philip, it is King Adrian.”Rose froze. “Adrian? Philip’s brother?”“Yes,” Jeanette said. “Philip was never king. He’s been gone these past five years.”“What do you mean?”“You don’t know, milady?” Jeanette asked, her eyes wide with astonishment. “Philip disappeared five years ago when he went after the lost princess. He never returned.” Jeanette’s voice dropped to a whisper. “I am not supposed to say this, but most people believe that something bad happened to him. That he died. When King Hubert died, some say of a broken heart of not knowing whatever happened to his eldest son, Prince Adrian refused to take on the crown believing Philip would one day return. But, a year of mourning passed for King Hubert and with no sign of Philip, Prince Adrian had no choice. He became king on the condition that if Prince Philip returned, he would abdicate the throne back to his brother.”“Philip is missing?” Rose repeated.Jeanette nodded gravely, but then broke into a smile. “But, sometimes, I like to believe that Prince Philip did find the lost princess, Aurora, and they ran off together to live happily ever after.” Silence filled the room for a moment before Jeanette shook herself out of her reverie. “Well, milady, if you have nothing else, I will take your things to be washed. They will be back in your chambers tonight.”Rose thanked Jeanette as the maid curtsied again and left the room.Philip was missing, likely dead, Rose thought. All these years, she thought about him, wondered about him, thinking that he was alive and happy, king, married, and with a new baby, but it wasn’t him at all. It was his younger brother, Adrian. Rose remembered meeting Adrian once. He was closer to her age than Philip was and she remembered how he idolized his older brother. They looked much the same, with the same soft brown eyes and hair. But, where Philip was bold, Adrian was shy. He had a gentleness to him.Five years, Rose thought, Philip had been gone for five years and she didn’t even know. She hadn’t even felt him slipping away. He came for her. Rose should have known that he would. Philip loved her and he would have torn the earth apart to find her.Rose stilled. What if he did find her? She thought back to what Athena told her. There was a man who hung around the camp when Rose first began to live with Athena and her troupe. Rose hadn’t seen the man, but Athena had. And she said he looked a lot like-A knock on the door interrupted Rose’s thoughts. She opened it.“The king is waiting. Are you ready?” Maric asked.Rose followed Maric down the tower. Alistair led the way with Odette’s elbow tucked into his. A page had come to gather them, but by Alistair’s confident strides, it appeared that he already knew the way to the king’s private study. Maric watched Rose out of the corner of his eye, her own arm hanging limply in his own. She seemed pale, her eyes wide with shock.“Are you all right?” he asked. “Nervous?” It wasn’t every day that one met with a king. Even though Rose said she had performed before royalty, musicians were no higher regarded than servants and were promptly ignored after a performance. Though, Maric would have to admit that it would be hard to ignore Rose. Even as they walked through the courtyard earlier, Maric could feel the eyes of all the noble guests fall on Rose. It was as they were unwillingly drawn to her.And as she passed them in her simple peasant dress, Maric knew she was the most beautiful woman in the room. She didn’t need their fine silks and furs, their powdered faces and rouged lips, hairs brushed and decorated with gaudy headpieces, and the air stinking of heavy perfume to mask their unwashed bodies. Rose stood apart in her durable simple dress, her face fresh from paint and though a little wane from the events of the past few days, there was a brightness in her violet eyes and a sureness in her step. When she had turned to smile at Maric, he felt everyone around them draw in a breath. Rose was a princess amongst peasants, Maric thought as he drew her arm tighter against the side of his body. She looked up at him with the same look of shock and drew her eyes away quickly.He leaned down close to her ear as they stopped in front of a large, ornate wooden door. “Do not worry, my love. It will be over soon.”On the walk over to the king’s study, Rose wracked her mind as to why she had not recognized Maric for who he truly was. Now that she knew he was Philip, she could not see how she did not know. His eyes, she thought, his eyes are so kind. Even now, he looked down at her, his eyes were filled with concern and kindness. He thinks she is nervous to meet the king. Rose suddenly stopped. “Maric. I need to tell you…” Maric looked at her inquiringly.Two guards standing outside the study opened the door for the party and the page walked in introducing them. She could see a young man dressed finely in the typical uniform of court, something Rose was familiar before she ran away. She instantly recognized him as Adrian, Philip’s brother. A young woman stood by his side and she dipped her head shyly as they entered.Maric looked at Rose as if waiting to hear what she had to say. But, Rose knew that it was already too late as the king approached them, his hands held out wide to take in Alistair’s.“Cousin! I am so glad that you made it! I did not expect you to come to my son’s baptism.”Alistair smiled widely in return, but it turned grim quickly. “A blessing that, but, unfortunately we have news.”Adrian’s eyes darted to the rest of their party and Rose noticed that it lingered slightly on Maric. He did not recognize his own brother, Rose thought in alarm. Just as Alistair did not recognize his own cousin, nor she her own betrothed. “Come sit, then, by the fire.” Adrian gestured to the overstuffed chairs. “This is my wife, my queen, Nymphea.” Rose was startled to see that the lady’s eyes were a bright gold.“She is fey,” Odette said in surprise.The queen turned at her. “As are you.” Odette blushed brightly before taking a seat as far from the queen as possible. “It is a long story,” Adrian said, “For another time, maybe. What news do you bring?”Alistair gestured to Maric, who stepped forward. “My king, there have been attacks to the south. Whole farms and villages burned to the ground. People killed by an onslaught of goblins.”“Goblins?” Adrian’s eyebrows knitted with concern. “There hasn’t been any sightings of them in over five years.”“We were attacked not two nights ago at a farm outside Berxley,” Alistair said.  “Berxley is gone,” Maric added. “The townsfolk, the survivors, will be arriving soon to Beaumont seeking shelter.” Queen Nymphea reached up and laid her hand on Adrian’s arm. “We must help them. We must ready Beaumont, the castle.” Adrian nodded. “We have enough land, stores of food, for them.” He smiled grimly. “We were preparing for a feast, now we will feed the hungry.”“There may be more coming as well,” Maric said, everyone’s eyes turning to him. He nodded over to Rose. “We tracked the goblins back to their camp. They have taken over a decrepit keep not two days ride from here.”“I know of the place,” Adrian said.“There are thousands of them. And they are led by a witch, a sorceress.” Queen Nymphea’s hands flew to her mouth, her face stricken with horror. “No… it can’t be.”“Yes, my queen,” Rose said. “Maleficent has returned.”Maric turned suddenly towards Rose, his eyes wide with alarm.“How do you know?” Adrian asked, his face pale. “Because I am Aurora, Princess of Liyonne,” Rose said, stepping into the light. She heard Maric take in a sharp inhale.“You were the one that she was looking for,” he said in a low voice.Rose smiled sadly at him. “I am so sorry.” She turned to Adrian. “There is more.” She gestured at Maric. “This is your missing brother, your king, Philip.”Rose startled as Maric screamed and she turned to find him clutching his head, keeled over, before collapsing onto the ground. “What is happening to him?” Alistair shouted, dropping to the ground. Maric writhed uncontrollably for a moment, his hands clutching his head, before falling deathly still. Rose rushed to Maric and took one of his hands into her own. It was cold as death.“He is cursed,” Nymphea said, stepping forward and dropping down next to Rose, reaching up and gingerly touching Maric’s head.“Maleficent?” Adrian asked. “I don’t understand how it is possible. Philip killed her years ago. He killed her and lifted your own curse.” He looked at Rose, his eyes searching her face as if not believing what he was seeing. “She did not die, weakened, perhaps, but not killed.” Nymphea stood and turned to face her husband. “We will need to move him to somewhere more comfortable.” Adrian nodded and went to the door. He returned with the two guards that had been standing outside.“Take him to Prince Philip’s old chamber.” The guards were well-trained, Rose thought. They didn’t even look a bit surprised at what she would assume to have been a strange request. Rose made to follow them, but Adrian called her back.“Aurora,” he said, peering into her face as if trying to unravel a mystery he found there. The confusion parted as he whispered, “it is you.” Rose only met Adrian once, when he came to Fleurcourt with his brother on one of Philip’s weekly visits to Liyonne to see her. Rose had looked forward to his weekly visits, it was a break in an otherwise mundane and frustrating week at the castle. Adrian was a year older than Rose and they had fallen into a quick friendship that afternoon. Five years have passed since then and Rose was astounded at how much he looked like how Philip looked then. His shoulders were broad that tapered down into a trim waist. The only difference was that his hair was overlong, brushing the top of his shoulders, while Philip had always kept his hair short. Until now, that is, as Rose thought of Maric’s own long hair tied back with a leather strip.“Yes, Adrian.”“I do not understand. I do not understand any of this. Have you been with him this entire time?”Rose shook her head. “We’ve only met again a few days past. I did not realize Maric was Philip until just a few moments ago.”“Maric,” Adrian said, playing with name on his tongue. “That is what he had been calling himself?”“He does not remember,” Rose said.“The curse,” Nymphea interjected. “He is cursed.”“It appears to be the case,” Rose agreed. “Philip cannot remember his past. He was found by a couple nearly five years ago, half dead and with no memory of who he was. There are… scars. He had been tortured. He told me that he had been having nightmares recently.” Ever since the night they met, Rose thought suddenly. Maybe that was what had begun unraveling the secrets trapped in his mind? “And in these nightmares, a witch is forcing him to tell her the location of a girl.”“You,” Adrian said.“Yes, but why me? Why does she want me still? And, why isn’t she already dead?” Everyone knew of the tale, of how Prince Philip slayed Maleficent, who appeared as a dragon with the Sword of Truth and Shield of Virtue bestowed on him by Rose’s godmothers. Nymphea shook her head. “Maleficent is not foolish enough to expend all her powers in a single fight. Philip did not fight her at all, but an illusion. No, that is not the word,” she fell silent for a moment. “Not illusion, but only a piece of herself.” Nymphea continued. “We fey live long lives, but the more magic we use, or the more powerful the spell, our lives are shortened and will remain shortened until the spell is fulfilled.” Nymphea looked pointedly at Rose. “You, princess, did not die as you were supposed to on your sixteenth birthday and every minute since that passes the magic that dwells inside you, Maleficent’s magic, is drawn farther away from her. It will not return to her, will not restore her, until you die.” Rose felt an icy chill run down her spine.“She is weakened, but not without her powers. I do not know how much time she has left to live, but a killing spell is a powerful one that demands a lot of magic. She must be getting desperate. Maleficent was infuriated when Merryweather altered her spell to change it to sleep and not death.”“And, Philip, what of him?”   Nymphea shook her head sadly. “I do not know the conditions of the curse. And, there may not have been any other fey to alter the spell on him. He is not sleeping. He is dying.”Rose watched as Maric’s breath rose and fell. It was shallow, as if he slept poorly. His face was tense with pain and Rose reached out to smooth out his brow. He sighed into her hand, but when she withdrew it, his face was pained again.Maric was Philip, Rose thought. Philip was Maric. And, he was cursed. Was this fate? Was it fate that one of them would die by the hand of Maleficent? If it wasn’t her, it would be him?Rose closed her eyes and willed the tears away. Crying wouldn’t help Maric now. Could not save him. Her eyes flew open, but, perhaps true love’s kiss? Rose leaned forward, placing a hand on each side of his face and leaned in close. Please, Rose pleaded silently, please.She kissed him on his lips, which felt as cold as ice under hers. When she pulled back, she saw that his eyes were still closed and his breathing still shallow. “It did not work?”Rose turned to see Alistair standing at the doorway. Rose shook her head sadly. “Perhaps, I am not his true love.”“Yes, you are. I’ve seen the way he looks at you. He loves you. He may not know it yet himself, but he does,” his voice trailed off. “I cannot believe I did not recognize him. My own cousin.” Alistair collapsed onto a seat next to the bed. “I’ve known Philip all my life and I didn’t even know his face. I thought he had died.”“I did not know him either and he was my betrothed.” Rose didn’t add that Philip was the love of her life. She was still confused about how Philip and Maric were the same, yet different men. She loved Maric, who Philip had become, which felt like a betrayal to the Philip she once remembered.“And, I did not recognize my own brother,” Adrian said, approaching the bed with Nymphea on his arm. “None of you would,” Nymphea said, kneeling down next to Rose and taking one of her hands into hers. “The curse Maleficent placed on him made it so that even his closest friends and family would not know him. That he would not know himself.”“But, Rose,” Alistair began, “I mean, Aurora, did.”“Not at first,” Rose said. “It was only today when the maid told me that Philip had been missing for years. I always assumed that he was king and that he had married.” She looked at Nymphea. “You thought that he had forgotten you.”“In a way he did,” Rose brushed her hand across Maric’s brow. “But, not the way I thought he had.”Adrian stepped forward. “Philip loved you Aurora. He was beside himself when you disappeared. When he received your letter, he was crushed. But, he wouldn’t give you up. He left immediately to find you. That was the last I saw of him. Until now.”“I am so sorry,” Rose stood and turned to Adrian. Sadness clouded his eyes and she thought a bit of anger. It was all her fault. If she hadn’t ran away, Philip wouldn’t have come after her. He wouldn’t have been captured by Maleficent and tortured for information about her. He wouldn’t have been cursed and suffered the fear of never knowing who he truly was. He wouldn’t have suffered that loneliness.Adrian reached out and took her hands into his own. “All is forgiven.”“What do we do now?” Odette said, watching from just inside the room. She hovered at the edge as if uncomfortable to be a part of the scene before her. “We know Maleficent wants me,” Rose said.“No, out of the question,” Alistair said, standing up. “We will not use you as bait.”“If I go to her-”“She will kill you,” Adrian said. “No, we will fight her. I have already called back all the soldiers. They had gone back to their own villages for the celebration. A holiday of sorts. Once they have returned, we will gather our forces and march onto the keep.”“How long will it take for the soldiers to return?” Rose asked.“A few days.”“We don’t have a few days. Philip is dying.”A day has passed since Adrian went to send out every messenger in the palace with notes to gather every soldier in the country back to Beaumont. They will march on to Maleficent’s stronghold as soon as they all return, which Adrian expected to be within the next day or so. Supplies were being gathered in the city center. Villagers and farmers began pouring into the city walls having been displaced from their homes from the goblin attacks. Each carried the same story. Swarms of goblins armed to the teeth attacked them in the middle of the night. Many died, but a few escaped now seeking refuge within the stone walls of Beaumont. Adrian opened the gates for them all.Rose only heard little of this as she spent all her time at Maric’s bedside. His face remained pale, but his breathing became more shallow as if it took too much of his strength to draw in the smallest of breaths. He was worsening. He was dying.Rose let the tears run down her face and onto Maric’s chest. She loved him, why would the kiss not work? It broke her own curse.Nymphea walked in the room with another set of blankets and sheets. Though Maric felt as cold as ice, he sweated profusely through the sheets and they had to change them every few hours to keep him from catching a chill. It was as if he had raging fever. Rose turned to Nymphea and helped her strip the sodden blankets off of Maric’s bed and turn him to remove the sheets. “I do not understand why he will not wake,” Rose said. Nymphea watched her with sad eyes. “Every curse is different. Yours, well, Merryweather had the foresight to alter it when it was still fresh, to change it so that you would not die, but only sleep.”“And that I would be awakened with true love’s kiss. And, it is too late now to alter Philip’s curse?”Nymphea nodded, her eyes dropping to Maric’s face. “He has been living with the curse for nearly five years. It has already taken hold over him and cannot be undone.” Rose heard what Nymphea feared to say out loud, that the curse will only end when it comes to its final state, killing Philip. “You need to rest,” Nymphea said. “You haven’t slept.”Rose smiled wryly. She’s slept enough for many lifetimes. “I’ll have someone bring you some hot food at least. If you will not sleep, you need to eat. You need to keep your strength up. War is coming.”Rose thanked the queen as she helped her gather the sodden sheets. Rose tucked Maric in deeper into the blankets and touched his forehead with her palm. Still cold as death.Rose thought back to the stories she heard about how Philip broke her own curse. He kissed her, that was the famous ending to her story. He was her true love and the only one able to wake her. But, what else had he done?Philip had the help of her aunts, of the fey, of Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. He had told Rose himself that he had been captured by Maleficent, the first time he had been her prisoner, Rose thought sadly, and then freed by her aunts. They had given him a sword and shield to break free of Maleficent’s castle, killing goblins on the way out. It was quite heroic when she heard the ballad of his escape from a bard that performed for the court when Philip had visited once. She was twice smitten with him when his face turned a lovely shade of pink in embarrassment of the song and how he clutched her hand tightly under the table so that no one else would see. She had fallen in love with him all over again in that moment. Rose sighed. Did she need the power of the fey to help her defeat Maleficent? Did she need enchanted weapons to kill the sorceress? But, Rose thought as she sat up, Philip did not kill Maleficent. He thought he did. The whole kingdom did until Rose realized the truth only the day before. Instead, Maleficent hid away for years building up her strength to seek her revenge against Valenris and, presumably, Liyonne. Against all humanity. Against Philip and against her. I am the key, Rose thought as she sat up straighter, her eyes wide with awareness. Even Nymphea had said that Maleficent was weakened now, incomplete, as long as Aurora lived. The curse still lived inside her, dormant, but still there as it was never fulfilled and wouldn’t be until she died. If Maleficent was killed, would that not lift the curse off of her? Off of Maric? Would it free them both?She will come for me. But, not unless I go to her first.Rose met with the others in the king’s study. The group looked exhausted. It had been a long day of preparations, most of which Rose missed as she stayed steadfastly next to Maric’s side all day. He was dying and everyone in the room knew it. If not for the shallow breaths he took, it would be as if he was already dead. A corpse that breathes, Rose thought, clutching her arms to herself. Alistair saw the distress on her face and wrapped a warm arm around her shoulders. “We will save him,” he said. Rose nodded and turned her attention to Adrian, who hurried into the room.“The soldiers are arriving. We will have enough of them in number to march on Maleficent’s stronghold in the morning. The rest will follow behind the main battalion.” He turned to Alistair. “Your brother will lead one segment, I ask you to lead the other, and I the third.” Alistair nodded. His older brother, from Rose learned, was the Captain of the Guards and a rather brilliant one. “The rest of you,” Adrian continued. “Will stay here at Beaumont.” Odette made a sound of protest but was silenced when Adrian looked at her. “I will need you here to protect the city if Maleficent’s forces break through our line.” His eyes fell on Rose. “I will need you here to protect our king.”“Philip.”Adrian nodded. “He is alive and the rightful king of Valenris. I have just been keeping the throne warm for his return.” Rose didn’t want to think about what would come after the battle with Maleficent. All she knew was that she could no longer pretend that things were as it was with her as Rose and Philip as Maric. They could never return to those lives. They will need to become Princess Aurora and Prince Philip once again. No, she corrected, King Philip. Her betrothed, who never married, never had a child. She could still marry him and be queen of Valenris and Liyonne both. Rose stifled the shudder that threatened to break through her body. They could turn back the clock to five years before and continue on as they were then. Fate rearing her ugly head. “Then it is settled,” Alistair said. “We will leave in the morning.”“The march will take most of the day, but we expect to arrive at the keep in the evening. We will create a line of defense along the way. If all goes well, in two days time, we will all be home again.” Adrian did not have to say what would happen if things did not go well. Rose provided as much information as she could about what she and Maric had seen at the keep, but she wished Maric was awake now to tell them what he saw. He had been there before. He had been kept prisoner within its walls. Maybe he knew the key to defeating Maleficent. But, he was still asleep and would not wake until this was all over or never again. Rose gritted her teeth. It was up to them to save him. It was up to her though she did not know how.“We will all need our rest. We will march out at dawn.” Adrian drew Nymphea close to his body, love painstakingly etched on his face. “I will come back to you.”“Promise me,” she said clutching onto him and burying her face in his chest.“I promise.”Rose turned away from the young couple. She knew what she had to do for Adrian to keep his promise to his young wife. Rose stepped into Maric’s room. The castle was busy preparing for the upcoming battle and Rose knew that she would have a moment alone with Maric before the maid came to check in on him. Rose knelt down by the bed and took one of his hands into hers. She rubbed it unconsciously as if willing him to warm, to wake. “Maric. Philip. I am leaving tonight. I will lift this damned curse off of you. I will kill her. Promise me you will hold on until I return.” She pressed a kiss into his forehead and forced down the sob that threatened to break through her lips. “I love you.”Rose turned to see Odette standing in the doorway. “How much did you hear?”“That you intend to kill Maleficent yourself.” Rose stood and pushed past Odette. She grabbed Rose on the sleeve. “I’m coming with you.”“No, I need to do this on my own.” Rose felt as if something was pulling her towards Maleficent.Odette looked around Rose at the empty space around her with that strange faraway look on her face like before. She blinked her eyes several times before focusing her gaze on Rose. Her expression hardened.“Yes, you will. And, I will see you there safely.”

Rose and Odette left within the hour. Rose changed back into Jacques’s trousers and tunic and threw on a warm cloak. She tucked her two knives into her belt and paused before slipping the stiletto into her boot. She would need all the weapons she had to defeat Maleficent and, even then, in the deepest parts of her heart, she worried that it wouldn’t be enough. Though, she would never admit it to Odette, she was glad to have the warrior by her side. Rose met Odette by the stables, where she was busy getting her horse ready. Rose began to saddle up Daffodil and Clover whinnied in protest to being left behind.“We will be back soon,” Rose said, rubbing Clover’s nose. “Maric will be back for you.” She certainly hoped she was right, Rose thought, as she hopped onto the saddle. Odette was already on her black steed and seemed impatient to leave. Any other time, Rose would have dawdled a bit to annoy the woman, but instead she gave Odette a curt nod and they rode off into the night. At their pace, they would reach Maleficent’s stronghold a few hours before dawn. “What is the plan when we arrive?” Odette asked, echoing Rose’s thoughts.“We get past the goblins and any other enemies and get inside the keep. Maleficent will be inside.” Rose remembered the strange green glow that came from one of the crumbling towers. She felt sick when she saw it and it had a strange pull over Maric. She knew without a doubt that she would find Maleficent in the tower.“That is, perhaps, easier said than done, princess,” Odette said with a wide smile. Rose smiled back. Odette welcomed the challenge. Adrian didn’t need to send his entire army to fight Maleficent and her minions. He only needed to send this one ornery woman. Rose suspected that with Odette on her side that she had the upper hand to the upcoming conflict. She certainly prayed that she did.They rode in silence for the rest of the trip. The night air was cool, but the adrenaline pumping through her body kept Rose overly warm. She wanted to throw off her cloak, but knew that was unwise. It would be a pity if she caught a chill before reaching the keep.An hour or two before sunrise, Rose slowed down Daffodil’s pace. The horse was exhausted, exhaling large clouds of hot breath into the air. Rose slipped out of the saddle and motioned for Odette to do the same. They left the horses, untethered, and began to creep forward. Rose didn’t dare to light a torch and had to use the small sliver of moonlight to guide her way. However, it wasn’t difficult to find their way as they only had to listen to the loud clunks and crashes coming from the goblin horde.Rose stepped out of the woods to see the goblins mobilizing below.“They are readying to march,” Odette whispered over her shoulder. Their eyes fell on the hundreds of goblins milling around below. “It looks like many have left already,” Rose said, pointing to the large amounts of tracks that lead down a wide path and disappeared around a bend. It was a miracle that they did not encounter any goblins on their way to the keep. “We can only hope that Adrian, Alistair, and the others will stop them before they reach Beaumont.” Odette nodded. “What now?” Dawn was only a few hours away. By then it would be too late to sneak past all the goblins, though by looking down on the hundreds of them preparing for battle, Rose wondered if it was even possible to sneak by so many undetected.Rose ran her tongue across her lips, thinking. “We can’t wait much longer. I do not know how long it will take us to get to Maleficent.” She nodded towards the tower, which, like before, glowed a sickening green. “She will have guards inside the keep. She would be an idiot to leave herself defenseless seeing as she is in a weakened state. She will have her strongest with her.”Rose frowned in worry. Odette was right. They would be long dead before they reached Maleficent if they went through the front gate and up the tower. “We will need to find another way in.”Odette nodded, her eyes focusing on the river below. “You mentioned that the Boucher’s found Maric on a riverbank.”“He had fallen from a window high up in the tower.” Rose didn’t mention that Maric had thrown himself deliberately from the window in hopes to escape his captors through his own death. “Then the window is the best way in.” Rose followed Odette’s eyes up the tower. It was several stories from the ground and would be a long climb. The tower walls were made of large rocks, but several sections had crumbled away and Rose didn’t know how much more would fall away as they climbed. “Then so be it.”Rose gingerly made her way down the side of the hill avoiding the moonlight and any light from the many fires burning around the grounds outside the keep. Odette followed closely behind her. They kept their weapons sheathed in fear that the metal would catch the light and draw unwanted attention towards them. Rose was glad that she decided to change back into Jacques’s trousers and tunic. She could not imagine how she would manage the climb up the tower in a dress. Though, she tried not to think too closely how she will manage even in trousers. A hand clasped down on Rose’s shoulder, pulling her to an abrupt stop. Rose nearly yelped out in surprise, but she saw that the hand was Odette’s. They both dropped down to a crouch behind a broken wall that Rose assumed was once part of the outer wall of the grounds, the first defense that had long ago collapsed. It would not even keep out an errant squirrel now much less two women trying to sneak into the keep.Odette raised one of her fingers to her lips before pointing just beyond the wall. Rose peeked over the wall and saw a group of goblins sleeping around a dying fire. Looking back towards Odette, Rose realized that there was nowhere to go but forward through the camp. The group of goblins laid between them and the river, which they needed to cross to reach the keep’s wall. Rose pulled one of her daggers from its sheath. It was too late now to worry about the blade catching the light. If any of the goblins woke, they would be dead in seconds. It was better to be able to defend oneself before the end.Odette followed suit and pulled a long, thin sword from the scabbard on her back. She nodded at Rose as if telling her to continue. Rose nodded in return wondering at what point she decided to trust the woman. A few days ago, Rose would have thought that Odette would have gladly stabbed her with that very same blade when Rose’s back was turned. Rose stepped around the fallen wall and into the light. The goblin to her right stirred slightly, his nose pointed high in the air as if trying to catch her scent. Rose stepped carefully around it, making her way down a small, but treacherous path through the sleeping piles of goblins. Odette crept behind her so silently that Rose had to turn once to check to see if Odette was still following her. If she had wanted to rid herself of Rose, this would be her chance. She would only have to call out and the goblins would wake grabbing their filthy, jagged knives and swords and pounce on Rose before she even had a chance to cry out. Odette smiled toothily at her as if she could read Rose’s thoughts. Rose flushed and snapped her head forward and dropped to a low crouch as she slipped by another sleeping goblin. Suddenly, a blare from a trumpet sounded through the night.  “What the-” the goblin to her right said as it’s black eyes fell on her. In a flash, its head was separated from its body and rolled away into the darkness.“Hurry!” Odette whispered harshly as both women took off into a flat run towards the river. Rose could hear shouts of alarm behind them and the whizz of an  arrow or two fly by her head. Rose reached the river first and dove in. The water was freezing this early in the morning, but luckily slow and steady. She kept her head under for as long as possible as she swam until she could not bear it any longer, her lungs burning in her chest. Rose swam up to the surface and broke free only to see that the far side of the river was lined with goblins carrying torches trying to search the waters. “We will have to swim across and hope they lose track of us,” Odette said, rising up next to Rose. They watched for a moment as the goblins scrambled along the shore, some running down river, and the others dragging a makeshift raft down to the river’s edge.Rose and Odette swam the rest of the length of the river and reached the other side along the outside wall of the keep. Rose hastily removed her soaked cloak and dropped it to the ground. She felt chilled as she looked up and saw the tower above them. From this viewpoint, it looked small and unreachable. “We have trouble,” Odette said, indicating to the small raft overfilled with goblins making its way slowly across the river. “You climb, I’ll keep them off of you.”“Are you sure?”Odette smiled, her teeth flashing in the moonlight, as she set her crossbow. With a single shot, she nailed one of the goblins in the head and it tumbled into the waters below. There was a bellow of anger and the raft began to hasten in speed towards them. “Yes,” she said, the look of pure feral pleasure on her face.Rose turned to face the wall in front of her. She could hear Odette let loose several more arrows, followed by the sound of goblins hitting the surface of the river. Another trumpet sounded and Rose knew that they were found. More goblins lined the far side of the river, waving their torches in the air. “Hurry!” Odette called out to her, no longer caring to hide her voice.Rose leaped up and grabbed at a stone brick protruding out from the wall. Her fingers were stiff and cold from swimming across the river, but she held on tight and began to climb up slowly. She could hear a few more twangs from Odette’s bow before the air filled with grunts and screams. Rose glanced down quickly to see that several goblins had made it across the river and were now coming at Odette with their swords and axes drawn high. Odette twirled among them slicing with her own sword, causing wide swaths of goblins to fall at her feet. Rose was not surprised to see that it wasn’t Odette’s screams that filled the air. Digging her fingers into the stone and her boot into the cracks in the wall, Rose climbed upwards quickly. An arrow bounced off the wall by her head, but she didn’t turn to see where it came from. It was too late to turn back now and she knew that if she looked down, she may freeze with fear and would certainly be dead as she was picked off by archers. It was better to keep moving and quickly so that they could not get a bead on her. Rose cried out loud when the brick she was grasping gave away. She hung by one arm, the pain searing through her body as she regained her grip on a lower stone. The only thing she could hear now was her own labored breaths and her heartbeat pounding in her ears. She squinted her eyes upwards. The window was slowly getting closer. Turning her head, she could see the sky lightening on the horizon. The black night was turning a dark shade of purple. The stars began to fade. Dawn was less than an hour away. Rose quickened her pace, screaming inwardly as she could feel her skin on her palms tear away on the stones. She knew that they were ruined. She just hoped she had enough strength in them to grip her knives. She looked up the dark window. She would need them soon enough. With one last push, Rose threw herself into the opened window. She gasped out loud, her whole body trembled from pain from the climb. She felt the tears trickle down her face as she stood. The staircase was empty. No torches lit the stairs. Rose tilted her head, she didn’t hear any sounds other than the commotion outside the keep. She looked out of the window that she just climbed through and saw that the goblins were gathering in large groups as if readying for battle. There was no sign of Odette. Rose braced herself and wiped the tears of pain from her face as she faced the winding stairs. Rose reached to her belt and pulled free her knives. She had sharpened them before they left Beaumont and they gleaned menacingly in the soft moonlight. Taking one cautious step after another, Rose slowly made her way up the winding stone staircase. Most of the steps were crumbled or missing and Rose took care with each step as her eyes adjusted to the dark. A faint green light emitted from above, the same she had seen from outside and the same that transfixed Maric before. Her heart began to thunder in her chest the closer she approached it. She knew that she would soon face Maleficent, the sorceress who set her life down a path that led to this very moment. Their fates were as intertwined as her and Maric’s. All three of them were tied together forever. It was time to end it. Rose reached the final landing and stood before a large wooden door. Unlike the rest of the keep, the door was thick and sturdy constructed out of wood that seemed fresh. Dark, thorned vine grew from the ground and wrapped itself around the door and Rose began cutting away at them. They seemed to shrivel away from her touch before regrowing rapidly. Rose grunted out in frustration as she doubled her attack on the vines until she was able to reach the door knob and turn it, pushing the door open forcefully. It slammed against the wall.So much for a surprise attack, Rose thought, as she stepped into the room. The vines on the door returned to their place when the door closed. Rose turned her attention to the room. She stood in the outer room, which was surprisingly luxurious in comparison to the rest of the keep. Thick red velvet curtains lined the windows, keeping out the chill. A fire was burning in the hearth. The whole room was bathed in the sickening green light which came from the inner room. Rose took a step forward and stopped suddenly when she heard a loud squawk coming from one of the uncovered windows. A black raven watched her intensely, it’s yellow eyes tracking Rose’s every movement. It took all her effort to ignore it and make her way across the room. As she reached out to push aside the curtain that separated the outer room and the inner one, drawing closer to the source of the light, she felt a gust of wind coming from the window. It was as if all the air in the room was sucked out. She felt a sharp stab of fear through her heart. She’s here.Rose turned quickly to find a woman standing in the opening of the window where the raven sat only a moment ago. She was tall and thin, with a sharp face. Her skin was gray, but it was hard to tell in the darkness its true color. Her eyes, however, were a bright yellow that watched Rose sharply.Rose was struck by how beautiful the woman was. There was a hint of sensuality in the way she smiled down at Rose. “At last,” the woman said, taking a step forward. Rose took a step back away from her. She could feel the air thicken nearly crackling with unspent magic. “At long last, you are here.”Rose swallowed and raised the knives in her hands. Maleficent’s eyes dropped to them briefly before returning to Rose’s face. She smiled widely. “Oh child, you do not know who you are playing with.” “You do not know me either.” Maleficent raised a brow in surprise. “I have been with you since the very beginning. I was with you when you were a babe. My magic is inside you. Even now I can feel it wanting, needing for release. You have kept it imprisoned for far too long. You and I are one, our fates intertwined, it all leading to this one moment.” A black staff materialized out of the air.  “Now, you will die as you were fated to do so many years ago.” Rose held up her knives and Maleficent laughed out loud. “Child, you think you can kill me with mere mortal weapons?”“I will certainly try,” Rose snapped back, bracing herself. Maleficent raised her staff and black thorned vines began to crawl out of the floors and walls until the entire room was encased. Rose swallowed as the room darkened, the vines shielding any fire and moonlight. Rose could only see the yellow of Maleficent’s eyes shining in the dark as they watched Rose with amusement and hunger.Rose took a deep breath before lunging at the sorceress. Maleficent laughed at the pathetic attempt, as Rose plunged down her knives at the air. She turned quickly, surveying the room, but found that it was empty except for the pulsating thorns.A laugh seemed to echo all around her. Suddenly, the vines began to twist and turn heading towards Rose. She sidestepped over them quickly but was not fast enough as one began to crawl up her leg and hold her fast. Maleficent materialized next to her. “Your dear Philip did not last long under my ministrations.” Rose felt the thorns climb up her body, encasing it as it went. They tightened and tore through her clothes and pricked at her skin. A crown of thorns bound her head. She felt a sharp pain as they drew blood. “Let us see if you last half as long.”“You witch!” Rose struggled against the vines only for them to bind her tighter. She dropped her knives and they clattered loudly against the stone floor. “You will die for this!”“No, you will.”Rose screamed as the vines dug into her mind.A kiss. Just a single kiss.Rose breathed in with contentment, her lungs filling with the sweet spring air. It smelled of flowers, like roses in full bloom under a hot sun, a heady scent. She sighed into her pillow as she slowly blinked her eyes open.A man smiled down at her, his face hidden in shadow.“Maric?”“Maric?” the man asked. “Should I be jealous, Aurora?”Rose reached up and touched the man’s face. “Philip.” Philip broke out into a wide smile, his brown eyes filled with mischievous laughter. She traced a finger down his straight nose idly wondering why it looked and felt wrong. Philip sat back and Rose saw that he was wearing a finely embroidered tunic made of blue silk and a long red velvet cape. His hair was short and neat but a thick curl fell free across his forehead. Her hand itched to reach up and brush it back. Philip held out his hand to her.“They are waiting for us,” he said.Rose placed her hand into his and he drew her up until her hand rested against his chest. She could feel his heart beating below her palm. It was strong and steady and when she looked up at him the laughter in his eyes had faded and were filled with soft admiration.She blushed under his gaze. The gown she wore, the same that her godmothers had given to her, rustled softly as she stood. It was a rich blue that reminded Rose of the ocean on a clear day. She remembered Fauna and Merryweather arguing over the color of the dress, whether it should be blue or pink. Rose didn’t mind either way. It was the loveliest thing she had ever worn and she was astounded that her godmothers could create something so beautiful. And she wanted to be beautiful for Philip. She wanted him to always look at her as he did now, half in love and half with desire. Philip brought up her hand to his lips and kissed the back of her hand, his eyes holding hers fast the entire time. A courtly gesture that had Rose blushing brightly again. He was so handsome, almost terribly so, and she could not believe he was hers.“Shall we?” Rose nodded. She could hear the din of people talking and music playing below. Philip tucked her arm into his and he led her out of the room and down the winding staircase of the tower. Rose kept her eyes on Philip as they walked, and his on hers. He smiled down at her and leaned in to steal a kiss before they made their final descent into the ballroom below. “I love you, Aurora,” he whispered into her ear. Rose’s heart filled with happiness. “I love you too, Philip. With all my heart.”For a moment, Rose thought she saw a glint of malicious glee in his eyes before he blinked and it was gone. They turned the corner and were in full view of the ballroom. Rose tore her eyes away from Philip, but still felt his heavy gaze on her. The ballroom was filled with people dressed in fine suits and beautiful gowns. The talking stopped the moment they locked eyes on Rose and everyone smiled at her as she and Philip made their final descent down the staircase. Rose smiled and nodded her head graciously in return to the men who dropped into a short bow and the women into a low curtsy as she and Philip walked by. Why does this feel so familiar? Aurora wondered. Why does it feel as if I have done this all before?When they finished greeting all the guests, Philip led her into the middle of the ballroom. Music began to play and Philip spun her into the waltz. She laughed out loud in surprise and she could see that the people lining the walls laughed along merrily with her. Soon, other couples joined them on the dance floor, a whirl of colors surrounding her. She was so happy. Philip pulled her closer, until her head rested on his chest. This was the happiest moment of her life, Rose remembered. She thought if she could bottle this moment up forever, she would be able to die happy. She would never need anything else.But, that was not to be. It was foolish to think so, because life went on. And this moment was just that, a moment in time.Rose gasped and pulled away from Philip, but the hand around her waist gripped her tightly. He looked down at her with concern. “What is wrong?”“We’ve done this before,” she said. “What do you mean?”“This dance, this very moment. Everything is the same as it was after the curse was broken.” Rose felt the room darken around her, the chattering and laughter begin to fade. Philip’s brow creased with worry. “What curse? Are you feeling unwell?”“The curse that Maleficent placed on me as a babe,” Rose replied impatiently, tugging her hand as she tried to free it from his. He clenched his hand hard against hers until Rose cried out in pain.“Who?” he asked, his voice oddly flat and dull.“A sorceress. I was…” Rose clenched her eyes shut tightly trying to remember. The ballroom fell silent and when she opened her eyes again the room was empty except for her and Philip. They kept dancing even though the music was gone. “I was fighting her before I woke up here.”Understanding lit up in Philip’s eyes. “Ah, it was just a dream.”“No, no dream, I-” Philip crushed his lips onto hers. When he pulled back, Rose could taste the coppery bite of blood in her mouth. “It is okay, Aurora, things are as they should be now. Aren’t you happy here with me? Don’t you love me?”Rose narrowed her eyes at his question. “This is a trick.” She struggled against him but his hold tightened. “Let me go!”“What are you doing? We can be happy here.” He grabbed her and pressed her face into his chest. She screamed, the sound muffled by the tunic he wore, as his arms tightened and she struggled to breathe. She clawed at the arms that held her down, but he held firm. “I love you, Aurora. I’ve always loved you. Now, we can be together, forever.”“No! Not like this!” Rose screamed and felt a power inside her expand shattering the dream around her. She breathed heavily and opened her eyes again only this time she saw Maleficent glaring at her incredulously from across the tower, her own breath heavy. Rose felt as if her entire body was sore and beaten. “How did you break the spell?”Rose roared through the exhaustion, the thorns disintegrating into ash around her as if they had been burned. She charged at the Maleficent, grabbing both knives that she had dropped earlier. The sorceress widened her eyes in fear for a moment before parrying Rose’s attacks with her staff. Maleficent staggered back under the weight of Rose’s attacks. “How can you break my spells?”“It is your own magic,” Rose growled out. “As you said, I am filled with your magic. And I will use it against you.”Maleficent struck again as Rose jumped away. Despite the quick efficiency of Rose’s attacks, the knives were short and she needed to close the distance between them to strike true. Maleficent’s long staff kept her just out of Rose’s reach. The sorceress smiled triumphantly as if she had come to the same conclusion. She struck her staff against the stone floor and manifested into a wild cloud of ravens. Rose screamed as they descended on her, pecking and clawing at her skin. They tore at her clothes and her hair, pulling her effortlessly across the tower to an open window. Rose tried to beat them back with her knives, but they passed through the birds as if they weren’t even there. They’re not real, Rose thought suddenly remembering what Queen Nymphea had said about the dragon Philip had defeated. Maleficent was not the dragon, it was only a part of her, an illusion created by her magic. Like the dream Maleficent had forced Rose into. Rose dug into her heels until she stopped mere inches away from the wide open window. She could see that the sun was rising over the horizon breaking away the darkness. It was a new day. It was beautiful.She could not let Maleficent win. Maric would die if she won and Rose would never let that happen.“No,” Rose whispered and she felt a pulse of magic expand out of her chest. The ravens screeched, dropping dead at her feet before disappearing into ash. Rose turned and walked unsteadily back to the center of the room. Her clothes were torn to shreds and she was slick in her own blood. Even though the ravens were not real, the damage was, and Rose winced in pain, keeping her eyes away from the deep gashes. Her eyes fell on the strange, green glow coming from the inner room and pushed aside the heavy curtain.Maleficent screamed behind her.Rose stifled a shriek of horror herself at the sight before her. Sitting on an ebony throne carved out of a single piece of large stone in the shape of a winged demon sat Maleficent. The real Maleficent. Rose would not have thought the creature sitting on the throne was a woman or even alive if not for the yellow, baleful glare that held her nearly prone. Gone was the beautiful woman that Maleficent once was. What remained was a nearly desiccated body, dried and shriveled, that clung onto what little life remained. The black robe that Maleficent wore hung loose on her skeletal body. Her head bent forward as if the horned crown on her head was too heavy for her to lift. Maleficent’s eyes, filled with malice, followed Rose as she entered the room. “You are dying,” Rose said as she approached the throne. Before she could reach it, she felt an invisible barrier stop her in her tracks. Rose stood still as she looked at Maleficent with pity. “And, you need the magic inside me to revive you.”“My magic,” a voice called out in Rose’s head in anger. “It is my magic in you, not yours.”“Why? Why did you curse me? I was just a babe. I was no threat to you.”“You were merely the catalyst for war. My stupid sisters casted me out, forced me to live amongst you disgusting mortals.”“You tried to start a war between the humans and the fey. But, you failed. There is no war coming. Our kingdoms are in peace.” A fragile peace, that was true. Distrust between the two realms have been brewing for generations. “What you have started will end with us.”The voice in her head snorted. “You foolish child. You still do not understand.”“Fate?”Maleficent’s eyes seemed to narrow. “Fate is an accursed thing. An oppressive king that forces your hand at every turn.”Rose shook her head. “No one forced this on you. It was your own greed for power and revenge that consumed you until you are nothing.”“Perhaps,” the sorceress conceded, “but the die has been cast. War is coming.” Her eyes flickered over Rose’s shoulder but before Rose could turn, she felt a sharp painful stab through her back. She looked down to see the end of a twisted black knife sticking out of her side.Rose fell and saw Maleficent, the young illusion that she battled before, standing above her laughing. The barrier dropped and to Rose’s horror the desiccated form of Maleficent began to rise from the throne and reach out for her. Its fingers grasped into Rose’s tunic and raised her up until she was face to face with the sorceress, her feet hanging off the ground. Rose screamed out in pain, dropping her knives and desperately clutching at the open wound in her side. She felt faint, blackness shadowing her sight. “Now, you will die. You and your beloved prince.”Maleficent clenched her hands around Rose’s throat and slowly began to squeeze the breath from her body. Rose gasped and wrenched at the fingers, but they held firm. “You should have stayed in the dream. You could have died happy with your Philip in your arms. Now, you will just die.”Rose choked out a cry as she grabbed onto Maleficent’s icy hands trying to loosen them. Philip, Maric, she thought. She felt a pull within her, a draining sensation, and when she gasped and looked up at Maleficent’s face, she could see it filling, as if beneath the papery dry skin was suddenly flushed with blood.The sorceress smiled triumphantly. “With my power returned to me, I will bring death and destruction to all that oppose me.”“No…” Rose croaked out, reaching desperately for her boot. Her hands were slick with blood, but she grasped the hilt of the stiletto, the needle-like knife, and pulled it free. Maleficent’s eyes darted to Rose’s hand and filled with surprise as Rose stabbed upwards under the soft palate under the sorceress’s chin and into her skull.Rose crashed to the ground as Maleficent stumbled backwards, tearing the knife from her chin. Black blood poured out of the wound. With a look of disbelief, the sorceress fell backwards into her throne. Maleficent’s still body pulsated with green light, brighter and brighter, filling the tower and blinding Rose.It is finally over, Rose thought, as the room exploded and Rose closed her eyes as the tower collapsed around her.

Rose felt a feather touch on her lips. It was warm and familiar and she blinked her eyes open. A man looked down at her.“Maric,” she whispered. “Is it really you?” A faint shudder of fear passed through her thinking of the dream Maleficent tried to trap her in.“Yes.” He leaned in closer and Rose could see his face, weather worn, with the long scar down across his left eye, and the nose that had been broken so many times before. She sighed out in relief. She loved that nose.“You’re awake.”“And, you are too,” he said.Rose laughed. “I was supposed to kiss you awake this time.”Maric arched an eyebrow. “Were you really?” He plopped down on the bed next to her and laid down, his eyes closed. Rose laughed and leaned over him. Even though he still looked the same as before, there was a lightness to him now. His face was relaxed and a smile played on his lips. Rose’s heart constricted for a moment as she reached out her hands and placed one on each side of his face as she leaned in and kissed him. His eyes fluttered open and he smiled widely as he grabbed Rose around the waist and flipped her on the bed so she was pinned underneath his body.She shrieked out and slapped him on the shoulder. “That’s not how it was supposed to go.”“I like my way better.” Maric pressed his lips hard against hers and Rose shifted her body under him until she could feel him between her thighs. Maric groaned against her cheek. Rose saw the heat in his eyes.“I love you, Rose… Aurora,” he paused briefly. “Jacques. I love you in whichever name you take.”“And, I love you too, Maric…” Tears filled her eyes. “Philip.” Maric grabbed one of her hands and kissed it as she continued, “I always loved you. And, I am sorry it took me this long to realize it.”“It does not matter. As long as you love me now and forever.”Rose nodded, the tears spilling from her eyes. She would never run from him again.The bedroom door opened and Maric cursed as he rolled off of Rose’s body. “Will we never get one moment’s peace?”“Not if I can help it,” Alistair said as he strolled through the doorway. Odette followed. “I can’t have you monopolizing the most beautiful woman in the kingdom. No offense, Odette.” Odette shot him a glare before turning to Rose. “How do you feel?”Rose sat up, while Maric stood. “Fine, though a little sore.” She realized then that she was covered in tight bandages made from clean strips of linen. She should have felt more pain than she did, but somehow she felt light and free. She only felt a dull pain from her injuries. “Though I don’t remember much. What happened? How did I get here? I presume we are all back at Beaumont.”“You defeated Maleficent,” Alistair answered. “We were on our way to the keep when we saw a bright flash of light in the sky.”“The goblin army?”“Vanished,” Alistair said. “We saw evidence of their march, but none were to be found. Most likely once Maleficent was defeated, they fled.”“How did I get here?”Alistair turned to look at Odette. She seemed to shy away, but locked eyes with Rose. “I was climbing the tower steps when I saw the light. I found you just before the tower collapsed. You were unconscious. I grabbed you and jumped to the river below.”Rose held Odette’s gaze. “Thank you.” Odette nodded stiffly.“It is over,” Maric said, reaching out and clasping one of her hands in his own. “The moment Maleficent was defeated, I woke up here in the castle wondering why I was home. You see, Rose, I remembered everything then. I was back in my old room. I was Philip once more.“And, I remembered you, as Aurora, as Jacques, and finally, as Rose, my saviour.” “Then the curse is lifted?”“Yes,” Nymphea said as she walked in the room. She glanced at Odette quickly before moving to stand next to the bed. “I no longer feel her presence in this world. She is dead.” She turned to the others. “Aurora will need her rest.” Alistair, Odette, and Nymphea left the room leaving Rose alone again with Maric.“There is more that I remember. After I received your letter all those years ago, I went looking for you.”“I know.”“How?”“Athena told me that she saw a man that looked like you five years ago when I first began living with the troupe. I didn’t know what she meant then. I didn’t make the connection that it was you, Philip. And, I am so sorry that I ran away. If I hadn’t, none of this would have happened. You wouldn’t have been captured by her. You wouldn’t have been tortured and cursed.”Maric shook his head and grabbed Rose’s hands tightly in his. “Never apologize for that. When I found you, I saw how happy you were with the troupe. I could not take you away from them. Even though I loved you, I wanted you to be happy. And, you were. I was traveling back to Beaumont when I was attacked in the middle of the night and brought to the keep. It was then that I realized that Maleficent was still alive, but I could not make my escape to warn anyone. When I realized that she was still after you, I must have purposely blocked all memories of you and of who I was until it was real.”“Then she cursed you to make it permanent as punishment for not telling her where I was.”“I believe so. But, you saved me. You saved all of us, Rose.” Maric leaned in close, until their foreheads touched. “Rose, my love.”“How is she?” Adrian asked as Maric stepped into their father’s study. No, Adrian’s study, Maric corrected.“She is tired, but she is well.”“Nymphea told me that the curse is gone. Maleficent is truly dead.” Maric nodded at Adrian’s words. He had felt the weight lift off his mind as if there had been a dark curtain that hid his memories. He wasn’t exaggerating when he told Rose that he remembered everything. It was if he could, suddenly, see his whole life play out before his eyes. He remembered who he was. And, he remembered Adrian, though he was no longer the child on the cusp of manhood he had left five years ago. Now stood before him a young man, the same age when Philip met Princess Aurora, the same age when he kissed her awake, and they were to be married and live happily ever after. So much has changed since then. “Now that you have returned, Philip, the kingdom is yours,” Adrian began. “I have only been keeping the throne warm for you.”“That is what I came to speak to you about,” Maric hesitated. “I do not want the throne, the kingdom, to be king. I never had.”“What do you mean?”“I was unfortunate enough to be born the first son. You do not understand how much I envied you when we were growing up. You had the freedom to do and become whatever you wished. I would always be king, my fate cemented the moment I was born.”“But it is your right!” Adrian protested. “It is my choice to abdicate the throne to you, Adrian. I’ve traveled all across these lands these past few years as Maric. I know how much you are loved by our people. You are the king that they deserve, one that cares and one that rules justly.”“It does not mean you will not.”Maric shook his head. “Yes, you are right in that. It does not mean that I would rule any better or worse than you, but you are their king.”“I cannot take this from you.”“Do you want it? Do you want to be king? I will not force you either.”Silence fell between the two men, Adrian deep in thought. “I love my people, our people. And, I want to do what is best for them always. And, these past five years, I’ve learned a lot about what makes them content in their own lives. I am content in my own life.”“They are loyal to you and Queen Nymphea. They love you both. If you wish it, stay as their king.”“What of you? What will you do? When the people find out that you are alive, they will expect you to become king.”Maric sighed, turning his face towards the window. They stood in their father’s study, a place that held fond memories. He and Adrian would spend hours of their childhood in this very room in the company of their father as he read letters and missives from around the continent. This was where they all retreated to when his mother died. But, even as a young child, as much as he admired his father, Maric knew that he never wanted to be king. He wanted adventure, to be a swashbuckling pirate, or a soldier in the king’s army, or… Maric smiled wryly, a monster hunter. “Philip is dead. It is time to bury him.”Rose and Maric stayed on for Prince Tristan’s christening. Nymphea loaned Rose a dress for the occasion, a velvet dark pink gown with roses embroidered in the trim. “Thank you,” Rose whispered to Nymphea as she traced her fingers along the roses. The gown was beautiful. Nymphea smiled. “I thought it was fitting.” Nymphea helped her into the gown. It felt strange wearing clothes that Princess Aurora would have once worn everyday. As Rose checked her reflection in the glass, there was a knock on the door. Rose could hear Maric’s low voice as he stepped into the room. “You’re beautiful.” Nymphea quickly excused herself.“One day you will tire of saying that,” Rose said teasingly. “Never.” He wrapped his arms around Rose from behind.“Be careful! You’ll crush the dress!”Maric raised one eyebrow. “And, when did you begin caring about courtly gowns?”“Since this is the last time I will be wearing one. I’m not going back to Liyonne. I can’t be Princess Aurora. You see, I was never her to begin with.” Rose felt the fear gather in her chest. Maric and Philip were one in the same. And, Philip was king. Rose had played those thoughts over and over in her mind in the past day. Philip was king, but she could not be his queen. She loved him, but it was not the life she wanted. And, it tore her heart apart knowing that she would have to leave him again.Maric tightened his hold on her and she turned to face him. “I love you, Philip.”“Philip is dead.” Rose’s eyes flew open. “What do you mean?” “Just that. Philip died five years ago. Adrian will make the announcement today. You see, Rose, I was never Prince Philip either. I never wanted to be king. I want to be with you wherever you go.”Maric raised his hand and brushed away the tears on her face. “I love you, Rose. And, if you will have me as this, poor, ugly, and a disreputable monster hunter, then I am yours forever.”“I will have you,” she whispered as he leaned in close and kissed her soundly on the lips.“Then you will have me.”The long awaited baptism of Prince Tristan was held in the early afternoon. Cheers resounded throughout the kingdom for the young prince. But, by the late afternoon, tears were being shed as Adrian held a funeral for his long lost brother, Philip. Most people already knew in their hearts that Philip was dead and it eased their mind that the young king had finally accepted the truth. They loved King Adrian and his wife, Nymphea. The kingdom would continue to thrive under their rule.Rose and Maric left soon after the funeral, slipping away after a quick farewell to their family and friends who knew their secret. The sun was rising as they climbed over the last hill. Rose sat in the wagon with Margot, while Maric rode Clover to her right and Pierre rode Daffodil to their left. Pierre, after having recovered some in the past week, refused to spend another day bedridden. He soundly refused to lay in the bed they have set up for him in the wagon. He said that if he could not ride his way back to the farm, then they might as well leave him behind. Margot called him all kinds of stubborn, but Pierre got his way. Even now, as Rose looked at him, his skin was ashen with pain and exhaustion, but there was a bright smile across his face. They were all happy to be going home.The farm laid below them in the valley. Rose could see sheep and goats grazing in the fields below, dotting the landscape with whites and grays. They baaed contentedly to one another as if they didn’t have a care in the world.  “It is good to be home,” Margot said, smiling at Rose.Rose smiled in return and turned to Maric. He reached down a hand to her and pulled Rose up out of the wagon seat and across his lap in the saddle. Margot hid a smile and ushered the horses on, leaving Maric and Rose alone on top of the hill. “Though Margot and Pierre would always welcome us with open arms, this is not our home,” Maric said. “No, our home, we will find together.”Maric leaned in to kiss Rose and she felt his love for her radiating off his body. “Are you disappointed?” he asked as he pulled away. “Sleeping Beauty found her happily ever after in the end.”“No, I am not,” she said, kissing him in return. “Anyways, her story is not yet finished. There is still a ballad to write.”Maric groaned as Rose laughed. Thank you for reading! For more stories and a preview of Alistair's story, please visit lunattlee.com.

