"Leevanna! Leevanna!""Hm?" The girl replied without taking her eyes off her very interesting book."It's time for the buffet, what the hell are you waiting for?""Ugh, I was in the best part," she complained, closing the book in annoyance before getting up from her seat and start following the girl. "She was about to die and now I have to wait.""If Filch saw you there, he wouldn't hesitate to take you to Snape, at least thanks." Lhu, someone she considered her only best friend, reproached her. The girl was of average height, slim, and with beautiful curly brown hair. The white-haired girl left a kiss on her cheek thanking her and let Lhu held her hand.A big gesture from her, a thing that surprised Lhu, who cheerfully smiled at her.The green-eyed did not like to be touched. She despised it.She reacted aggressively or scared if someone did it. It was very difficult that someone could even brush her — that had caused that in her first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, she wore black leather gloves all the time so as not to touch anything or anyone. She had worn them all the year, even for just sleep — if she did it because she wasn't a sleeping person either. She usually stayed awake until morning, reading or playing chess with herself until her eyelids became heavy helplessly and she could finally fall asleep, at least for one hour.Leevanna Vaughan was not exactly someone who was known for expressing her feelings a lot either; people saw her as someone cold as ice, sarcastic, and extremely intelligent — even more than Hermione Granger, the... Mudblood, unlike Leevanna. Both of her parents had told her — and keep doing it —always that she should not hang out, or even approach, with those who had 'betrayed the blood', so she had absorbed that idea in her head and memorised as if it was a kind of mantra, but not because she had a choice.She had to.She had even questioned herself and the way her parents had forced her to grow and the things she had to learn, but what difference would that make?Her parents would love her more? Absolutely not. She could be able to sleep for more than two hours? No. That would erase her traumas? That was a good joke.She had to follow those thoughts, she had to be mean to them, she had to — she told herself that every single morning and at any hour of the day."Did you hear that Potter passed out on the train?" Lhu laughed. "The whole house talks about it," Leevanna laughed adjusting her long, curly blonde whitish hair and leaving a smile on her face. The braids she wore most of the time were beautiful."But, wait — how did you find out? We sleep all the way here," Leevanna recalled turning her head to see her with a soft frown."I heard it when Draco asked Theodore," Lhu admitted, then she watched her friend for a moment, who had started chuckling as they headed to The Great Hall.The brunette had some... Intrigue for her best friend, although she had known her for years now.And it could be maybe that Leevanna Vaughan was extremely intriguing. Everyone saw her in that way.She was full of dark secrets which infected her like black and dark magic — horrible and terror-struck secrets, no — memories. The secrets were memories.Leevanna Vaughan was made of memories.She remembers too much, like the air on a calm day as it holds itself still, letting nothing escape and the leaves to follow it, or in this case, the tears that burn her icy skin.Memories fill her body as much as her pure blood, flesh and bones do.She had most of those memories blocked — as any person who has been through traumas, as a mechanism of defence to protect herself — but they make a big explosion with the simplest things, like gasoline next to the fire.It is good though, have them blocked in some part of her brain, because it is mortifying be the only one who remembers.The girl had also episodes, depressive and anger ones — and that scared the fuck off everyone if someone saw her exploding.That beautiful silky whitish blonde hair that she took care of every day, her shapely figure that captivated most of the boys, almost 5'3, eyes so clear and green as glass that looked at you with such coldness, long eyelashes and pink full lips which let escape the most meaningful and teasingly things out of them. And that skin so white and flawless that you had fantasies about being able to touch it and feel its texture...Also, she was very loyal and always knew how to defend herself with very good arguments — though she was very mean if she wanted to.Where did you get a spell to be like her? She was so smart — brilliant —, and even though she was cold and emotionally distant, the rest really liked her — although sometimes they were a bit scared of her.Everyone was always talking about her and the things that she did.«She is angry or sad? Oh, Gods, if she is angry Lord have mercy. Remember what happened the last time?»«Do you think her family really did all those things?» «I heard they tortured people...»«How is that Lhu cannot be afraid of her eyes? How could she even be near her and not have that necessity of wanting to touch her?»«I don't know you, but I'll kill to be her friend and know everything she is thinking.» «Indeed. All the things she should be thinking about this moment... Judging or congratulating at everything that moves.»«What happened to you?» «I-I swear it was an accident... I-I did not want to but—» «Did you tried to touch her?!»«Why the Ice Queen?» «The way she looks at you with such coldness... The way she had seemed to build an empire with those ice walls that surround her... How everyone is always willing to do anything for her. She is beautiful but hurtful.»«She is so damn pretty! Have you see her?»«Why she don't let no one touch her? Is like she is afraid of it or something... But, she, afraid? That girl had dragons as pets!»Lhu knew that Leevanna Vaughan was more than just a pretty face though.Leevanna Vaughan was everything.The things she did and why she did them, the way her behaviour was, how she walked, how she moved, how she breathed, the way she thought and her brain worked — tortured her.Leevanna was like a little experiment.Why her eyes seemed so cold? How her movements were so graceful and rough at the same time? How her anger made everyone to be afraid? Why she reacted so bad if someone touched her? How could she look like a little injured bird but at the same time a big dragon that was angry?Lhu was always curious about her. So she examined her very close — so she could be able to understand her better.The way she seemed so lost and hurt when she read or divagate among her memories. How her brain tortured her until she started trembling and panicking.Her more than dark demons. Demons which claw around her intestines, twisting them until she puked, hanging like monkeys upon her coldblooded veins, and fold her spirit into itself, like ants which numbed her body leaving her with the incessant tingle in her skin as she is suctioned like dust in front of a vacuum down into the dark abyss of her pain.How she beat anyone in chess just with a single move from her part. How her lips always had the right answer for everything and the bored tone in her voice when she responded to something — as if she knew everything. Maybe she did though.How her eyes looked at you with such coldness but sweetness at the same time. From throwing millions of ice floes just with one look and then filling your body with butterflies.The way she drowned in her head when she had nightmares or was angry or sad. The torment in her eyes haunting her in every way possible, scaring any possibility of being happy.Why no one saw her smile more than three or four times a day. How her laughter hypnotised everyone in the room. Why nobody had seen or heard her cry or admit she was having a rough time.How she looked made of ice until you told her that she looked pretty and a rosy, little blush decorated her cheeks.She could be so sweet and gentle if she wanted — help people around her without asking anything in return — or be the meanest person who had ever born.The way she kept so many things to herself and then exploded like an atomic bomb hurting and destroying everything and everyone near her.How her mind worked and made her go mental. The way she controlled all her emotions leaving just coldness. How she controlled all that surrounded her just to feel good and secure with herself. The necessity she had of knowing that if she was judge for her actions, nobody would give her any mercy.How she pushed herself to the limit of madness and returned to herself in less than a minute.But Lhu would never have envy of her — she knew so many things about Leevanna that were simply just fearsome, but she was not afraid —, so when someone asked if she would do something to be her, she always said 'no.'If only they knew all the things Lhu knew about Leevanna... Maybe they wouldn't be so allured by her.No, that was a vile lie, they would be even more intricate and allure of her."And speaking of the Evil," Leevanna snorted, snapping the brunette out of her thoughts and looking forwards, directly to Draco Malfoy, who had sat in front of them with a playful smirk."Talking about me again, darling?" Said the boy without even saying hello and challenging her with his eyes. Crabbe and Goyle sat next to him."We were talking about how irritating and bloody annoying you are, darling," she replied and blurted out as much sarcasm as possible on the last word ending with a sarcastic smile too. "Want to join us?""The fact that my name is that bushy head of yours is enough for me," then Draco winked at her causing the one with white hair, the same as the boy's, to roll her eyes in annoyance before making a gesture of disgust."Piss off, Malfoy," her tone of voice was bored. "It would give us a good laugh to all if you shut that bitchy mouth of yours for once.""Look who talks about having a bitchy—""Didn't you hear me? Shut your mouth before I owl your daddy.""You little cu—""And there is again," the girl rolled her eyes annoyed. "Do you need a zipper or something?"Draco took off his middle finger. "At least I don't have a bushy nest as hair.""Oh, so you are going to drag me now?! What did you say about my hair?!" her hands slapped the table as she stood up."That looks like a nest full of bird shit!" His hands also slapped the table and he stood up.Both looked at each other with narrowed eyes."Yours looks like a fucking spaghettini meal but burned and uncooked," she fought back ending with a sarcastic smile.The eye-contact intensified."They know they have literally the same hair?" asked Theodore Nott taking a piece of meat to his mouth as both teenagers kept fighting."Sometimes I swear they are fucking blind," huffed Lhu playfully."We do not have the same hair!" Leevanna and Draco said at the same time as they turned their heads to look at their house-mates. Both looked at each other again."Sit down, you spoiled little brats," laughed Theo.Both teenagers gave the final death-look to each other and huffed before they took off their middle fingers and sat down at the same time Albus Dumbledore started his usual — and boring — speech.That both Slytherin teenagers had similar hair, had been one of the funniest coincidences the first time they met. Lhu had inadvertently mistaken the girl for Malfoy, and she had been outraged the second one — before she started arguing with the blond over which hair was the prettiest.War was declared from that day on.Though there was something they both really enjoyed."Potter... Potter!"And the aforementioned turned around."Is it true you fainted?" Asked the boy, feigning a worried face, which did not last long thanks to the performance of one of his friends. "I mean, you actually fainted?""Shove off, Malfoy," Ron Weasley replied, making Leevanna laugh."How did he find out?" muttered Harry."Everyone knows, Potter," the girl replied, pronouncing the boy's last name in much the same way as Malfoy. "The Dark Lord is offended that you have been defeated so quickly. So quickly than maybe he doesn't even need to return!"And everyone who heard the comment at the Slytherin table tried to hide their laughter.Everyone enjoyed her very dark humour.It was darker than the same bottom of the Black Lake, but it was so funny that no one could avoid laugh — even if the comment had been hurtful and so mean that could be made you cry.Before the end of the second year, if we want to put an example, Lucius Malfoy and Nicholas Vaughan had been at Hogwarts' school, to make sure that Hagrid would be taken yo Azkaban prison for the Chamber of Secrets thing. And it had been quite entertaining: "Hagrid's innocent!" exclaimed Harry Potter making Draco and Leevanna, who had been fighting about some childish thing, to turn their heads towards the boy as he approached.

"And who the hell called you, scar-head?" said Draco crossing his arms and shooting his eyes.

"Your parents have the wrong person!" continued the Gryffindor making Leevanna snort and murmur something nono was able to hear.

"Stop yelling, you give me a headache," she huffed. "Uh, I want pudding. You want some?"

"The chocolate one?" asked Draco as she nodded. "Go on, then—"

"Listen to me!" Harry's voice interrupted them defensively.

"You want chocolate pudding too or what?" Leevanna's eyes rolled back, already tired of the conversation.

"You and your parents are vile and cruel," said Harry between teeth as his finger pointed at them. "I am sure one of them blamed Hagrid because—"

"At least we have parents," muttered Leevanna looking at her nails. Draco's laugh made her raise her gaze finding that a lot of people who were near them was trying to hold back their laughs. "Oh, I said that out loud?" Leevanna made a little fist-high with those closest to her, even Malfoy's entourage and Pansy Parkinson, but as soon as she was about to do so with certain blond, they both rolled their eyes and settled back in their seats.They didn't admit the other's victory in public — that would admit that one of them was better, and no one was better than themselves.But no one could deny that every time they both teased each other, or when they exchanged glances or when both were present to tease someone at the same time, there was always laughter and a kind of connection.And maybe was because they both had a lot in common — although they hated to admit it —: their families served the Dark Lord secretly, they both lacked affection and family warmth, they loved to read — bookworms —, making fun of people and boast, they shared the same Hogwarts house, both had been brought up by the same way... And they suffered inside.The way their minds worked so similarly but differently at the same time was intriguing.Draco Malfoy had a lot of secrets too. Maybe not as horribles as Leevanna's, but he had.A few hours dinner was over, when everyone had gone to their rooms, Leevanna said goodbye to Lhu and hurried to a hidden corner in the Slytherin common room to finish her book. She hated bedtime, she always had nightmares.Nightmares about that day — that horrible and traumatic day.The fancy and aristocratic aura made her sigh in relief. The Slytherin common room was like her refuge, it had been like her home for the last two years. It's warm and comforting, inside that common room was the people she considered her family.The large, diamond-paned windows which lined the dark-grey stones walls lit with the calmly and dark, green-blue glow from the Black Lake let the dark silhouettes from the Mer-creatures and fishes pass floating from time to time.But it's not scary, at least not for her. She could remember how horrible were the shapeless silhouettes that the trees of her manor were, the sound of the wind cracking the wood and slipping through the tiny spaces of the window making scary noises that kept her awake all night. She used to think that those misshapen silhouettes were monsters who were coming for her.She finds the dark shapes that pass behind the windows very relaxing because she knows what's provoking them. And the wind cannot slip through the tiny spaces. Instead, the tick-tack of the clock next to the wood being consumed by the fire relaxes her like nothing else.She loved how the different type of armchairs, couches and tables — from velvet, leather and suede, to black marble, wood and granite —, combined so well but a the same time so bad. All go together somehow. It was as if every part of the place represented a little part from all the people in the dungeons, so different but yet so similar.She passed her gaze through the deep emeralds and blacks that surround her as the orange yellowish glow of a fireplace illuminate her pale face, she sighs again.At almost one-thirty in the morning, she looked up from her book when she heard footsteps approaching her and hurried to stand up — although Snape couldn't punish her since she always did whatever she wanted whenever she wanted, she knew that this was going to be her second warning of the day. She breathed easy when she saw a familiar figure."Bloody hell, you nearly scared me to death, Malfoy," she reproached, rolling her eyes. "I was about to say hi to the Devil, I swear."She had even prepared some kind of excuse and everything. She had waisted energy for nothing."Until late again?" He asked, standing in front of her as he watched her return to the position from a few seconds ago while nodding. "What are you doing?""Playing chess," she replied sarcastically, knowing that he could see her book perfectly.She rolled her eyes. She despised irrelevant questions."We're in a bad mood, huh," he laughed, sitting down on the other corner of the sofa since the girl took up the most space. They were both in pyjamas."Seeing you makes me bloody sick," she huffed. "What's more... I want to vomit now.""I know that deep down you love me.""At the bottom of a black hole, it will be" she laughed, turning the page and then directing her gaze to the boy who was staring at the wood burning in the fireplace. "Anyways, what are you doing here? Wasn't my little warning at dinner enough?"It was not the first time that the two had met in the common room late at night, they always crossed paths at least three times a week in the middle of the night since the middle of year one.Although many times they did not speak to each other at all and only dedicated themselves to read in separate spaces, there were times like this in which they shared some sweets and had talks full of sarcasm and dark humour."Piss off," he rolled his eyes making her chuckle. "It's the same old stuff," the boy shrugged, letting air escape his lips. "Insomnia. You? Did you have nightmares?"Malfoy knew about Leevanna's little problem — and she despised that —, a year and a few months ago he had found her in the common room full of tears and a state of total panic. He didn't know what to do — he had never been the kind of person who knew how to comfort someone and nobody had taught him —, so he just stayed with her to accompany her until dawn while trying to make her laugh with sarcastic comments that made her respond or laugh.She denied opening another of her candies and offering one to Malfoy. "Lhu dragged me into the dining room in the most interesting part, and as you know, I don't like the intrigue.""I know," he said, taking the little candy wrapped in red paper and putting it in his mouth. "The Ice Queen is always impatient," his giggle made her roll her eyes."You know? The worst part of this book is that the protagonist is a fucking psycho and I cannot hate him," she huffed trying not to throw the book to the ground."Why?" he chuckled seeing her get frustrated."He doesn't even love her! I mean—" she growled. "He is convinced that he is in love with her — but he is not! I mean — this little cunt here is just so obsessed with her that he tried to kill her just to make her a sculpture and make her eternal and not leave his side. But I cannot no justify or understand him!""I beg your pardon — he tried to do what?" he said with a little bit of shock in his voice, frowning. "Why you read so fucking weirdo things?""The writing is immaculate though," she sighed. "You should read it. The protagonist is as despicable as you are."Just at that moment, a first-year boy started walking around the room sleepwalking while babbling. The boy left a few seconds later when he woke up when he hit a wall, he did not even notice the presence of the two teenagers on the sofa.Then, they both looked at each other and a few seconds later they tried to silence their laughter so they wouldn't be discovered.They may seem like cat and dog in front of others, provoking each other all the time and with almost no moments when they laugh together, but behind closed doors and in the middle of the night, they could laugh non-stop as if they were the best friends in the world.And it's that, perhaps, both considered the other a friend — they would never admit it though. Why? Their selfishness and ego didn't let them.Although both could laugh with each other when nobody was seeing them, they had envy of each other. For different things, two very far away extremes, but those extremes collided at some point and become a kind of admiration.For example, none of them would never admit that the other was one of the brightest persons they had ever met. They admired the other's brain, the way it worked, their intelligence, their ways of being and thinking. They admired another things too, like how they managed not to break in front of everyone if a comment towards them hurt them, their defence mechanism.But they would never say it out loud.Why? Because that's how they parents had trained them. To be perfect.Both had their lives completely and cautiously planned. From how their lives at Hogwarts would be, the persons who they would marry and their lives out of school. Both fought for the first place, because, believe it or not, Lucius Malfoy and Nicholas Vaughan wanted their kids to be Ministers of Magic barely leaving Hogwarts. The problem comes when just one of them could be it. Draco adored and wanted to please his father, so it was obvious he would fight. Now, Leevanna on the other hand, loved to disappoint her parents but she loves to fight with Draco, so it was very obvious too that she had the same goal that him.Curiously surprises the universe would put in their ways though.The next day, after Divination class — which seemed quite odd to most, and especially after what the teacher said to Harry, although Leevanna loved it —, all the third years were in their way to the Care of Magical Creatures class.Leevanna was bored and paid no attention to what Hagrid said at first, but when she heard a familiar voice ask how to open the book, she did pay attention. The last time she had tried it, she had almost lost an arm and the book had chased her all her room as she screamed."Exactly, how we do that?" Malfoy asked sarcastically and with an annoyed expression."Just stroke the spine, of course. Goodness me," the man replied, continuing his walk."Silly," Leevanna said laughing and caressing the spine of her book as she passed by the side of Longbottom, who struggled against his book. Draco added another comment until they were interrupted."I think they're funny," Hermione Granger's voice made them both turn to her."Oh yes, terribly funny," Malfoy replied. "Really witty!" And Leevanna laughed. "God, this place has gone to the dogs, wait till my father hears they've got this oaf teaching classes!""Imagine the scandal," Leevanna laughed leaning against the tree where Draco's group was. "Oh, Gods, let me tell him myself, I want to be dramatic!" she said, playfully pushing his arm as she jumped excitedly, like a little kid imploring her mum to buy her a bar of chocolate. "Please! Please!""We could make a musical!""Shut up, Malfoy," said Harry Potter.Then Draco giggled and, before he handed his briefcase to Goyle to start walking over to Potter, Leevanna whispered something in his ear."Dementor! Dementor!"Harry turned around ready to face his nightmares, but the entire group of Slytherins that were there just started laughing while Malfoy's group started to taunt Harry by mimicking the Dementors. Little additional that the blond had added to the joke that Leevanna had come up with."Just ignore them," Hermione advised her friend, taking the fun out of the other two as they complained.A few minutes later, among which Leevanna and Draco imitated Harry's faces, the girl was in awe of the animal Hagrid brought."A Hippogriff," she murmured, stepping away from the tree to get a little closer. She loved magical creatures — and they loved her too.A few seconds after Potter bowed, he stepped on a branch."Back off, Harry. Back off," Hagrid advised and, unconsciously, Draco put an arm in front of Leevanna to pull her back and she clung to him feeling some fear for the huge animal in front of her.When they both realized what they were doing, they quickly parted ways.A couple of seconds later, when the animal bowed too, Hagrid encouraged him to get on. At that moment, Malfoy snorted and made Crabbe and Goyle push the crowd aside so he and Leevanna could be in front. She was silent for a couple of seconds, watching him chew on an apple."Oh please," Draco snorted as everyone, including some Slytherins, applauded Potter's feat."Jealous?" The girl at his side looked at him with a raised eyebrow and a mocking smile."Never," he replied, and from one moment to another he pushed everyone aside to address the enormous creature. "Yes you're not dangerous at all, are you, you great ugly brute!"Leevanna couldn't say anything due to the state of shock and fun she was in."Malfoy, no..." tried Hagrid.And the hippogriff spread his wings standing on two legs before pushing the boy with his front legs and leaving a scratch on his right arm. At that moment, all the students started to leave scared that he would do the same to them.Leevanna put a hand on her mouth trying not to laugh. Although she was a bit scared."It's killed me! It's killed me!" The blond whimpered, clinging to his arm as he rocked from side to side on the ground."Calm down! Is just a scratch!" Hagrid tried to reassure him."Hagrid!" Hermione Granger exclaimed, finally making Leevanna react. "He has to be taken to the hospital.""I'm the teacher. I'll do it," the man agreed, carrying Malfoy carefully."You're going to regret this.""Class dismissed!""You and your bloody chicken!""Leevanna," Lhu called, making her jump. "We should go," the white-haired one nodded without taking her eyes off the path Hagrid and Draco were walking. ༄ Leevanna ran through the corridors until she reached the door of the Hogwarts hospital wing, where she took a deep breath and began to walk calmly as if nothing was wrong before she entered through the doors."Miss Vaughan, what do you offer?" Madam Pomfrey inquired, soaking some gauze pads in water to clean Draco's arm, who turned his head towards the girl when he heard her name.She opened her mouth willing to say something, but she closed it quickly trying to formulate an answer. Well, she hadn't exactly thought of an excuse, she had only left Lhu halfway and started running until she reached the place in less than five minutes.For some strange reason, when the hippogriff hurt Malfoy, she felt something in her stomach twist and she had to see if he was okay and it hadn't gotten to more.Although she had laughed a bit, she worried after — she didn't know if the beast had really hurt him or he was just being a dramatic ass as always, but she had worried.She had imagined the worst-case scenario where Draco screamed in pain because his bone and raw flesh were showing around it... But he was fine, what was she going to say now?"Um... My head's been hurting a lot for a couple of hours now and I came to ask if you can check my temperature," she improvised in the most natural way possible. "And I wanted to vomit too.""Let me finish with Mr Malfoy here and I will go with you in a second," the madam said with a smile, finishing putting the bandages on the boy's arm as he looked at Leevanna with a raised eyebrow and a teasingly smile. "The two of you wait for me here, I'll bring the thermometer."And when the woman left, Malfoy raised both eyebrows."What? It's true," Leevanna tried to defend herself."Admit you were worried," Draco played looking at her with half-narrowed eyes and still with that playful smile he had."Worried? Me? About you?" he nodded slowly and proudly. "Ha! You wish.""Little Vaughan is worried about me," Draco said in a cheesy way pinching one of her cheeks. She slapped his hand aggressively and took out her middle finger."When Granger stops being a Muggle-born," she rolled her eyes crossing her arms on her chest and mentally begging all the forces of magic to raise her temperature and her lie to be covered.A few seconds later, both turned their heads hearing footsteps."Merlin's beard! You have a fever of almost 105°!" Leevanna let out a breath that was contained in her longs after Madam Pomfrey took her temperature, thanking whatever it was that had helped her. "I'm going to give you a couple of things to lower that fever. On the other hand, Mr Malfoy, you don't move that arm for at least a week and stop being so dramatic."When they both left the hospital wing, Draco stepped in front of the girl to face her.He had a hand on the wall blocking her way.She jumped scared and covered her face with her arms as a reflect before reacting quickly and pushing him away.Draco frowned softly.She looked away.It had not been because he was too close.If not..."You were lucky, eh, Vaughan," he laughed — forgetting what had happened, causing the girl to roll her eyes and cross her arms over her chest. "But you're not fooling me.""Whatever you say, Malfoy," she replied shaking her head in a funny way and with a teasing smirk on her lips."See you around, liar!" he exclaimed when he saw how the girl was already quite advanced with the stairs, she took off her middle finger. Then Draco stayed in that place watching Leevanna descend each step gracefully and her hair moving as she walked.When they were in the dining room, Leevanna kept rolling her eyes every time she heard a girl's voice asking Draco how he was doing and if his arm was okay.She couldn't even focus on her reading!Why did they worry so much of?It was not like his arm had come off or something, he was right in front of them, what need was there to ask with the shrill voices that some of them had?And why the hell she had to care?       Bastard.That foul, loathsome bastard.Those are the first words that came into her mind.She stared at him with narrowed eyes, with all the willing of the world to stab or kill him with just her gaze — maybe with the quill she is tightening every second with her hand, pressing the gold-made tip into the poor table thinking that it was Malfoy's face.She had wasted precious thirty bloody minutes of her horrible life just for that bastard.She wanted to skewer him for making her stomach twist.Now, instead of 'worrisome', there was a sour and acid flavour inside it, making her cardia hurt.       Loathsome bastard.Why had she cared?She, outraged, gasped silently when she saw his smug smile appeared across his face before he rolled his eyes playfully thanks to a comment that Theodore Nott had made.And he had the fucking nerve to fucking smile!He had made her worry! And for fucking what?!She tightened the quill in her hand even more — at that point she had even made a hole in the poor wooden table.       That little foul, tosser, prat, wanker, arsehole, shitty twat, filthy, fucking loathsome basta—"Holy shite, Leev, calm down," said Lhu snapping her out of her thoughts.She lowered her gaze to her hand as she stopped tightening the quill, which was half-buried in the table. Then she looked up finding that she had made a lightning-cloud above her and a lightning had fallen near her hand, burning the poor table a bit.Some people now were staring at her for the noise the lighting had made."What?! Do you want an autograph?! A fucking picture too?!" the white-haired raised her voice, passing her cold gaze for those who were staring at her.Everyone turned their heads instantly, minding their own business.She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply before letting the hot air leave her nose rudely."Are you going to tell me why you ran away like that out of nowhere?" Lhu questioned her after a couple of seconds, seeing how the green-eyed one snorted."I wanted to vomit, I went to the hospital wing, I had a fever, they gave me some things and that's it," she replied to end her questioning once and for all.What else was going her to say? That her stomach had turned over when she saw Draco on the ground and that the fear that something had really happened to him ran through her veins, she couldn't hold it and went to see him? Even she didn't know why she had gone!She shouldn't care at all about Draco Malfoy.She should not care about anyone, really.She didn't even care about herself and now she was caring about someone who wasn't even important.       Bastard.On the other hand, Draco was wondering whether what Leevanna had said in the hospital wing was true or an excuse.He had heard when the lighting hit the table but not that she was staring at him before that.He did not know why she was so angry — and he was not gonna ask either, but he could not help and wonder why.That's when an intrusive question crossed his mind:        Why hasn't she asked me if I'm okay yet?Unintentionally, they both collided with each other's gaze for a few seconds — she imagining that was stabbing him with millions of ice floes and him holding her gaze as if he could react her attack —, which made them tense, turning quickly to another direction."Does it hurt terribly, Draco?" Pansy asked, but he wasn't paying attention, he was just watching as Leevanna silently imitated the words of the black-haired girl in front of him.Then a little idea occurred to him."It comes and goes" he replied looking into her eyes and catching how Leevanna was looking at them sideways. "Still, consider myself lucky. Madam Pomfrey said another minute and I could've lost my arm... I can't do homework for weeks."But all he got was for the one with similar hair to close her book abruptly and hurry out of the place with Lhu following her. 

On Thursday of the following week, in the class of Defence Against Dark Arts, Leevanna had a face that was more frightening than the Dark Lord himself — she had that face all the week, being honest.The slightest thing made her roll her eyes or snort, even Lhu was doubting to speak to her right now — because her best friend could say very hurtful things when she was mad or having bad days — but she still did it because she knew she didn't mean those things.She knew that her best friend had special behaviour when she had episodes of anger or depression.Lhu knew that Leevanna didn't know how to express her emotions in the right way, so she always was trying to help her to learn how to do it and not just explode like dynamite or accumulate things until she couldn't hold them anymore.The problem was that Leevanna didn't know what exactly was she feeling.Because she did not like feeling at all.The feelings made her weak, at least that's what she thought. And she was the Ice Queen, the feelings had no right or space in her life.She could not let her marvellous empire of ice walls that she had successfully build through the years fall apart just because yes, just because some nonsense, useful and stupid feelings. She could not let the ice melt for nothing in the entire world, even if the sun was too bright.It was a horrible Thursday. The daylight sun beat down, although there was a few grey clouds disturbing its hot haze. The sun light streaming through the windows was starting to give her a headache. She wanted to make the sun die.She hates the sun.Too bright.Too cheerful.The sun is bad.It burns her ice.She hated the summer and spring climate, because the bloody rays of sun made her remind those horrible screams. And 'hate' was a very powerful word for Leevanna. Hate wasn't something that she would take easily, no, never. But the sun? She hates it and hates how cheerful the people is in the season of the year. Why they had to smile all the bloody time? Why they seemed to be so happy when the sunlight hit their faces? It was horrible.On the other hand, she loves autumn and winter, those were her favourite stations of the year and would be forever. She could wrap herself in her blankets and sleep all day or read next to the fireplace while she drank hot, sweet chocolate or tea. And in those stations her nightmares were fewer also. In autumn, the red, orange and yellow leaves decorated the sky with their beautiful colours giving her the joy to appreciate an alluring landscape as she read or just took air on the balcony. She loved to see the snow falling over the people, leaving a warm but melancholic aura over them as they thought how much they missed the sun and it's hot light. But, for Leevanna, winter was much more warmer than summer.For her, the ice was warmer than the sunlight. The ice was her beautiful refuge.If she would be able to pick the way she wanted to die, she would say: 'Bury me in ice, or put me in an eternal coffin of ice decorated with flowers and snow, don't let the sun hurt me.'Ice and coldness was a beautiful way to die.While with the sun you feel the agony of the fire burning every part of your body, the asphyxiation you can't escape, the deep wounds it leaves in your body and you are not able from recovering, being and feeling full of agony and despair, the screams that escape your throat. The worst part of it is that you don't die for the burning, you die for suffocation, coughing and discomfort, the panic, and eventually unconsciousness from oxygen being replaced by carbon dioxide and monoxide.But with the ice? You start with little shivering, feeling the cold entering your systems and freezing all inside you. Then follows the slow, shallow breathing as the little pieces of ice decorate your eyelashes and hair, how the tears that roll down your rosy cheeks burn your skin as they freeze. Confusion and memory loss are the next two steps in hypothermia, your memories fade slowly away as you see them pass in front of your eyes like a blurry sheet. Drowsiness or exhaustion are the best part, you feel your body slowly weakening, like falling asleep. Your speech soon becomes slurred or mumbled, but you can't avoid chuckle. And, finally, as your internal temperature raises and fills your with lots of warm, your pulse is slow and weak. Being an unconscious person without obvious signs of breathing or a pulse. Falling asleep in an eternal dream is the last step, also known as death.Talking about ice, for Leevanna, was beautiful. She loved to talk about it, saying how alluring and pretty would be being in a world full of it.The white-haired girl was leaning against one of the columns in the classroom next to Lhu and Malfoy's group. Although they were always trying to provoke the other, they always ended up sitting in the same places and sharing a table.Even if they didn't want to.They collided glances by chance.She raised her eyebrows annoyed and he did the same. Both rolled their eyes at the same time and looked at each other with narrowed eyes before they broke eye-contact.       Filthy cunt, he thinks.       Fucking bastard, she thinks.Leevanna stared at the closed closet that couldn't stop moving for a single instant and made the wood collide with the floor's. She knew perfectly well what was inside it: a Boggart, but answering the professor Lupin's questions gave her a headache and being a know-it-all seemed boring to her right now.Everything gave her a headache, even herself.She wondered if maybe she could stab a knife in her chest and say that it had been an accident and that she wanted to do it in her head but had failed.She could pitch herself from The Astronomy Tower and said that she was trying to fly or something.Let pass The Hogwarts Express over her was a very good idea too.Maybe she could borrow Lhu's wand and use the Killing Curse on herself because with her own wand wouldn't work... Or she could use Malfoy's and then blame him as a prank.That made her press her lips avoiding laugh.That would be extremely funny.She, dead on the floor, and Malfoy trying to defend himself saying that she was mental and that she had been the one who performed the curse as everyone looked them in shock.Oh, she would laugh so bloody hard if that happened.Maybe she could bring The Dark Lord back and ask him to kill her as a way of tribute at him — Nah, that was way too bloody difficult and exhausting. You needed to do so much things just for nothing.Maybe she could seek for Sirius Black and ask to do it. He was supposed to be a murderer after all. One victim less, one victim more, there was no difference. He was going to die anyway.Or maybe she could say that she was Sirius Black using Polyjuice Potion and the Dementors would kill her instantly. Yeah, that would be so much easier. Finding Black would be too much work and she was tired.She could drank hot chocolate before her death. It would leave her breath sweet. She would also need to change her clothes, she wanted to look pretty for her funeral. She was going to dye young and beautiful, that was a very good thing.She was just about to laugh for her thoughts but the professor's voice distracted her."Let's practice now. Without wands, please," Lupin said walking until he was facing the whole class, with his back to the closet. "After me. Riddikulus!""Riddikulus!" all except two students who had annoyed faces repeated."Very good. A little louder and very clear" suggested the teacher, "Listen: Riddikulus!""This class is ridiculous," Malfoy muttered catching Leevanna's attention but she decided not to say anything, her head had started to really hurt half an hour ago.And she had nothing to say really.She loved all her classes, with every professor. She loved to study and everything.And she wanted to keep thinking about the scenarios of her death.Minutes passed between Lupin asking Neville about his grandmother or something, the truth was that Leevanna wasn't listening in the least, instead, she was thinking about the Quidditch game that was coming and how she could say that she wanted to be the Bludger and everyone to be a Beater.She liked Quidditch though, but she was dead awful in it — in every sport but ice-skating. She loved ice-skating. It was graceful and pretty leave lines on the ice."Think, Neville, think.""Riddikulus!" Neville exclaimed turning Professor Snape's clothes into those of a sixty-year-old lady, which made Leevanna let a genuine laugh from her lips after days. It had been a little chuckle, turning her cheeks slightly rosy and leaving a smile on her lips.Draco couldn't help but smile sideways when he heard her voice, but his face relaxed quickly as he felt beyond stupid.He shouldn't be smiling because of her. He shouldn't be even smiling at all.When Lupin said to form a line to face the Boggart, Leevanna made sure to stay at the end of it. Not because she was afraid of what she was going to see, she knew exactly what she was up to, she just didn't want anyone else to see it. She couldn't let the other people see her biggest fear.She was not weak towards the others, she had to be seen as an imposing Ice Queen. No one had seen her cry or be sad and she would keep it that exact way — although there was a little exception. And those little exceptions were just three people, a very small amount of people who were able to see her weakness and fragility full colour, but she thought they were too many. She needed to kept her weakness just for three people, she could not let that amount grow.After a couple of students passed, Potter came to ruin the moment causing Lupin to intervene, ending the fun.When Leevanna walked past him, she made sure to bump his shoulder and make one of her sweet comments."Like always ruining the fun, Potter" and she laughed as she turned her body to face the boy. "And check your pants, don't go to be that the scare has come out wet," and she left but not before winking an eye and causing the others around the boy with glasses to snicker.Although, Leevanna was not a bully, she liked to make pranks on others and say dark-humoured comments, yeah, but she would never joke about someone's insecurities or traumas, she would never punch people or something like that. Her comments were, if we compare them with the ones other people said, inoffensive and just teasingly.What had happened with Potter in her second year at Hogwarts had been an accident because of that weird and big brain she had. She had felt bad — but she didn't show it —, yeah, but seeing that Potter did not wince or started crying made her feel relieved. She had avoided mentioning that part of his life to all cost since then, but—She envied him a little — more than a little maybe. A ridiculous amount that was more than a little.She envied something that nobody would, really. Nobody would even think about it, because it was weird — extremely weird. And pretty alarming too.She — She envied his parents being dead.It was more than weird. Nobody knew about it, she knew she had to keep it for herself only or someone would really call a Psycho Healer for they to attend her. And she did not want that. At least not in front of all the students.If someone came to Hogwarts to take her to a psychiatric — and she thought they should have done it a long time ago —, she would ask for them to be extremely discreet. Nobody needed to know that she was crazy and needed to be interned immediately. It wasn't their business, just hers.Nobody needed to had knowledge about her madness and traumas. ༄ Four days after the students were forced to sleep in the great hall thanks to The Fat Lady having been transported to another painting by Sirius Black, all the third-year students were in what would be the class of the Professor Lupin.So, of course, everyone was surprised when Severus Snape entered the classroom and closed window by window until only one was left for lighting, then he lowered the projector."Turn to page 394," said Snape turning his body to face his students.Leevanna was a bit disappointed of herself for not being able to met Sirius Black when she had the opportunity and ask for him to kill her. Her fifth suicidal plan was screwed up now for her insufferable inefficiency. She was useless even for the simplest things — like being able to commit her own suicide. She was a coward.Though she was not afraid of dying, she didn't have fear to death at all, she wanted to die so fucking much and let the worms eat her remains as she burns in hell or maybe she plays poker with the Devil... But she was a coward. A bloody coward who couldn't try and kill herself because she thought that she was going to disappoint all the people for not telling them about how was she feeling.It was an odd combination of thoughts. But her brain worked like that, what else can we do?       Why don't you just pitch yourself from the Astronomy Tower? asked her conscience, like a mini her who looked at her with a frown.       I don't know, her own voice responded, as if the original Leevanna and the fake one were having tea in a normal afternoon. Like a normal conversation between two friends.The green-eyed stared at the closed window on her side, the page in her book already open, but she was not paying the minimum attention. She knew what they were talking about, she just wasn't interested at all in the subject. She already knew what were werewolves and all that stuff.She had not had a good night because of the wind constantly blowing through the old beams of the castle kept her from falling asleep causing her to think about her nightmares — to have nightmares.She hated waking up crying.She hated crying in general.But she did it quite often.That made her hate herself even more for being so weak and such a crybaby who was vulnerable and fragile towards others.She had been through so many things — she was more than traumatised —... People had done so many cruel things to her that it was impossible not to cry and have nightmares... But she did not like it. She hated it.The voice of her father always repeated in her head telling her that she was weak, that she was a complete disappointment, that she was fragile, that the people did not like her, that she was guilty of everything that had happened to her, that she was the responsable, that she needed to be punished for her actions, that she needed to be dead. He had said her the last phrase a thousands times now that she had it memorised and repeated it in her head again and again.She had wished so many times for being made of stone or ice and not pay attention to his cruel words... But she wasn't made of those materials. She was human. She was fragile. She was vulnerable.That was one of the million reasons she had build her imposing and majestic empire of ice walls. The cruel words would not reach her in that way. Her vulnerability and fragility would be covered in that way. She could pretend that nothing happened to her in that way. She would be secure. She would be protected. She would be praised and feared.She loved ice — her empire of it. It was lethal and beautiful at the same time.That's why her in school-house was known as the 'Ice Queen' after all. She was gorgeous but really hurtful and mean when she wanted to.Although there was one kind of ice she did not like at all.In simple terms: a pair of icy eyes.Draco, who was folding a piece of paper over his table and tried not to turn his gaze towards a certain white-haired girl, had found her sitting on the edge of one of the columns staring into the moonlight, but he hadn't had the courage — or the willing — to go over to see what was wrong with her. If she hadn't cared about him, he wouldn't do it for her.What's more, he should not care about her even if she did it.       You are afraid of dying, said the mini Leevanna.       I'm not, her own voice said.       You are, you are so afraid of dying that you cannot do anything but wish not to be so, and the mini her seemed to make fun of her as she raised an eyebrow, looking at her with superiority.       I am not afraid of dying, her own voice came out defensively, between teeth.       You want to die, but you are afraid of it, you are a coward who doesn't have the courage to kill herself, and the words made her clench her jaw internally.       I am not afraid of dying!Silence. Just silence.She feels attacked by her own conscience.       And then why haven't you done it yet? The mini Leevanna remained calm.       I don't know..."Leev," called her Lhu in a low tone, the girl turned to see her. "You sure you want to go to the game?""You are going to take me anyways," she smiled softly and weakly.Leevanna was tired.She wondered if she could ask for those pills she used to take when she was a bit younger. She wanted the drugs. She needed them.But — But they had been taken away from her. Because she had become an addictive, a dependant.And she wishes more than anything else in this moment for someone who could give her the drugs she was dreaming about. And she wants to be gone. She needs to be gone.And suddenly her brain cannot decide. It can't decide if she needs the drugs or be gone.Through her ears leaks the murmurs of Daphne Greengrass and Lhu. They are talking about who was going to be the winer between the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors in the match. Her bets went to the badgers.Since Draco had been attacked by the hippogriff named Buckbeak, a month and a half had passed, and in all that time both had made the most offensive jokes and comments to each other. She had transformed him into a frog and he had made her teeth grow a week ago, for put an example.They weren't in good terms at that moment.What's more... They were in good terms at any moment? They couldn't be in front of the other for a single second without letting sarcastic and teasing words escape their lips. They just wanted to bother the other all the time. They wanted to reach a point where they were hurting the other so much that the salty water started running. And they had many resources for that.Malfoy's wolf howl brought the girl out of her thoughts."Thank you, Mister Malfoy," Snape said before proceeding to scold Hermione for responding out of time when he hadn't gave her the word. Unlike the hazelnut-haired one, Leevanna was not the type to participate in classes unless a teacher called her. She was a know-it-all, yeah, but that bored the hell out of her.Her gaze drifted to Malfoy's spot and saw him blow a small paper dove to land on Potter's spot.He had done the same thing with her a couple of days ago but it's was a drawing of her morphed with a bloody Grindylow that scared the fuck out of her when she unfolded the paper and the draw appeared out of nowhere, like a surprise-box. She did not like clowns either, those things were simply terrifying."As an antidote to your ignorance, and on my desk, by Monday morning... Two rolls of parchment on the werewolf, with an emphasis... On recognising it," continued Snape."Sir, it's Quidditch tomorrow," Harry recalled, putting the paper dove in his hands.And as her quill copied by itself the information the Potion's Master had started dictating a few seconds ago after he scolded Potter, Leevanna wondered why Malfoy hadn't come to join her when he saw her sitting in the moonlight the previous night as he usually did.But why the hell she cared about that? He was not part of those selected people who were able to see her weaknesses, what was the matter if he didn't join her?She shook her head softly, repeating mentally that she had gone crazy — more than she was already. ༄ And she was there.With her gaze fixed on the water. The cold water filling the bathtub and growing warmer. 

 Her eyes close down shut slowly. 

 The sensations still feel like it had happened only yesterday. Maybe that day. Maybe that hour. That minute. That second. Everything is fresh. She cannot forget. No matter how bad she tries everyday. She isn't allowed to forget. She doesn't deserve it. "S-Stop... Ple-Please..." Her body hurts. She can feel it. Again. Still as fresh. Like mist, one full of screams and supplications, full of memories.In her skin it was still the ghost of the white liquid sliding down her limbs, the burning in her lungs when she screamed. It hurt so goddamn bad. She remembers. Every part of it. She had even started praying over and over again, hoping someone would hear her screams. Nobody did. Nobody cared. And she had thought why would they care? She was nothing. Absolutely nothing.She had felt pain and then she didn't feel anything. She had felt numbness, like if she wasn't a person anymore, a human, a fragile one. Her body had felt empty. She had felt like she was drifting into space. She had counted 1862 seconds before she could even move.She hadn't been able to mentally process what had happened in the moment, so she had pretended it didn't happen for two weeks. When it came back, like a cold shower, it came into her mind that feeling of nausea, the numbness, the ache, the emptiness. She had stopped it by shoving it back in its box and slamming the lid. But she wasn't able to forget anymore, no matter how many times she closes the lid, no matter how many strength she uses, she isn't able to forget.Her eyes open again when the water stops making so much noise. The bathtub was almost full.She looked at the water and then looked at the mirror, waiting for something to appear. Maybe a miracle. Perhaps the monster that stalked her at night and ran her sharp, rotten nails over her skin, caressing her while she slept.Her hands untied the front tie of her satin robe and she pulled her shoulders back, letting the fabric fall over her skin until she made contact with the cold floor. And she thought. And thought.Her huge mirror made her see two different Leevannas. Or so she believed.One Leevanna was examining her body, there was not a single scratch, not a mark, not a memory, everything was soft and she, happy and satisfied with it, hastened to put on a nice dress with a smile. She looked happy about being in summer.The other Leevanna was her, examining the small scars that painted her skin like strokes of a fine brush. She doesn't bother examining her body, she's just looking at her face and certainly not happy about not being in winter. Contemplating how the little slaty diamonds decorate her eyelashes when she blinks."What does it feels like?" Asks the Leevanna in the mirror. Her elbows supported on the ceramic and her the palms of her hands being a nice seat to her chin. She wrinkled her nose a little, leaving a smile on the pink doors of her breath and jail of her teeth."What are you talking about?" Leevanna asks neutrally."Wanting to be me," chuckles her cruel reflection. "Wanting to be the one who's in the mirror... The one who doesn't have any memories."And she doesn't know what or how to respond.On the side of the mirror everything seemed brighter and more colorful. She could even see the rays of the sun creating pale but bright yellow rivers that reveal the tiny particles that are dancing in the air. Her reflection keep smiling. Teasing her with her happy face that is not just a cruel ghost of what her life could have been in another life."I don't know what you're talking about," she finally responds making her reflection laugh. And Leevanna thought her laugh was the most annoying sound in the world."I think you do," the other says taking sit on the ceramic and placing her tangled hands over her lap as she looks at her. "I think you know it was your fault.""Nothing—""But... You also thought she deserved it."And this time Leevanna keeps quiet and a shadow of pain ghosts her face like breeze.The subject in question had changed drastically and she hadn't even realised it."Ow, did I touch a nerve?" Her reflection made a fake grimace of pity before laughing again. "You know you thought about it... You cannot hide anything from me.""Shut up.""Let's see..." and she did a thinkers pose ignoring her warning. "What was the thing you said? Umm... Ah! Got it," she chuckled. "'She was a filthy Mudblood... My father is right.'"Leevanna closed her eyes again before looking at her with a tense jaw."He wasn't right.""You know you think like him," the reflection added. "You know in your brilliant mind exists the carved chip he has been feeding every day, that thought that is tearing your brain apart with its tentacles... You know he's right... You know you are superior... That the Mudbloods deserve punishments... That they are nothing...""Stop.""Maybe we should move to the memory that has been in your head for a while now," the evil monster her reflection was sighed. "You know... The one whose anniversary is close," she looked at her again and smiled softly, innocently. "When the door opened and he—""Shut up!"The Leevanna in the mirror kept smiling before she stood up and placed herself in front of her, as if she was only her true reflection. With the smug smile painting her face, her arm extended and her hand pointed the bathtub. The water was still warm."If I do it... You're going to finally leave me alone?" Leevanna asked turning her gaze to look at the bathtub.The reflection shrugged. "Let's discover it for ourselves, shall we?" and she also turned her gaze to the water.Leevanna glanced her one second before walking towards the bathtub and climb the few stone stairs to be able to enter one foot in the water.Her knees glued to her chest and she embraced them with her arms before supporting her cheek on them and close her eyes. When she was finally able to remember everything, she scrubbed every inch of herself with a thin towel in an attempt to excise any trace of the memory that had been in her mind for a while, as her reflection had said. In the process, she examined one of the thin and large scars on her rib cage for a several seconds. As well she did it with the three on her inner thigh. She inspected them all carefully.The water grew cold around her, but she didn't wanted to leave and enjoyed the sharp, icy pain that sank into her skin after half-hour of being there. She wished it would sink in far enough to numb her mentally and physically.She rested her head on the edge of the tub and closed her eyes before slowly sliding herself deeper into the cold water that surrounded her.  The stinging frozen particles from it made her feel inside her skin like ants running everywhere in every direction possible. When her head was about to submerge completely, she made sure not to take a breath before being pushed away by the force of her memories.She wasn't scared when the water began to enter her nose and made her internal conducts ache. Nor when her lungs began to beg for air and her chest began to compress, raising that pain to her throat. Inside her head was her heartbeat like an echo muffled by her plugged ears. She opened the doors of her breath and let quantities of water enter her insides. She did not open her eyes at any moment and closed her lips in an involuntary movement as her command center began to flood in the same way. The grip of her hands on the edges of the tub loosened and they slid into the water slowly.Her body slowly sinking into that black sheet that made her weaker and weaker and she felt the caress of death brushing her cheek and beginning to sing a song that she was ready to sing. Its soft veil enveloped her and her being gradually detached from her soul, which was delicately charged by the arms of the death ready to leave her in the place of the eternal dreams, in where she wouldn't have nightmares and the monster would finally leave her.And death turned its head, unwilling to leave its new follower when the sound of knocking at the door disturbed Leevanna's sleep.Death, careless and scared of being discovered, dropped the soul of what would be iys new companion when the door opened. Leevanna's hands tightened again and gripped the edges of the bathtub to give her body strength to push herself out of the water.Leevanna, panting and with an insane headache echoing through her entire body, noticed the figure of Lhu entering the bathroom."Finally, here you are," said Lhu grabbing her hairbrush making her bracelets collide with one an other, tinkling. "You okay?" She asked frowning softly as she brushed her hair and looked at her through the mirror."Yeah, yeah," Leevanna responded quickly and closing her eyes. "Wait— wait for me five minutes, I'm not going to delay.""Ace," Lhu sighed. "The girls and I will be waiting in the common room, see you there," the green-eyed nodded and Lhu left the bathroom not without closing the door first.Leevanna ran a hand through her wet hair before focusing her gaze on the mirror, where the laugh from her reflection teased her. ༄ 

We born alone, we die alone.

People betray you — the worst part that the betrayal doesn't come from your enemies, if not from the ones you one considered friends, allies.

If we think about it this way, everything is really alone. The stars, for example, they live alone in the dark page that observes us from above, separated from each other. People, however, always find a way to put them together and form constellations, but who asks the stars if they want to be together? Maybe they like the lonely life.

There is people at her surroundings, yes, but something just doesn't fit.

She wonders if the people notices she doesn't smile very often. Though she prefers not to do so, she thinks smiles are something that people should earn from one another. Just like laughs and tears. Maybe it is just overthinking so much, people doesn't care about her really, they are just curious.

But she has friends — they could be called friends?

Her eyes always catch everything around her, the little details life and nature have to offer.

The animals are usually with company, they travel together. They care for their companion's survival. Or maybe don't?

Why do people smile so often though? What is the purpose of doing it anyway? Does it change something? Does it makes things better? She doesn't even remember the last time a truthful smile decorated her face.

It had been a long time ago, she knows.

Her smiles aren't that truthful nowadays, they don't last to much before her lips go down again.

She wonders when she would smile truthfully again. Maybe she wouldn't do it never again. There is too much sadness in her within to do so. She likes it, being sad.

Everything is blue and grey. Black and silver sometimes.

She likes black, how it fades until everything is blank.

She has always seen emotions as colours. Sometimes she sees them as numbers too.

Pain is similar to grey, like a mist around you, suffocating you while the air rasps your throat and the implores tear apart your flesh. Pain is smoke. A dark shade of grey. If it was a number would be an 8, because the shape of it, it is an infinite curve.

Sadness would be an 11, the ones are similar to the drops of tears the clouds shed. If it was a colour it would be regalia, the shade it has in a hand died fabric. It is dark but calm at the same time, feels suffocating though, if you watch it for a long time.

Fear is a wine red, similar to clotted blood. It forms a knot in your throat and doesn't let you breath or speak. You cannot ask for help, though you know you don't deserve it anyway. Nobody is going to come for you. Nobody notices you. As number it would be a 7, its shape is similar to a cut.

Anger would be a dark shade of aquamarine or blue. Like the sea, you drown it it and your vision is blurry. As a number would be 81, she doesn’t know exactly why but that number makes her feel uncomfortable and angry. It has the 8 from the pain and the 1 as a blindfold.

The water though, makes her feel calm. It is weird because she associates it with anger. Maybe it is because her nightmares makes her feel that way and swimming in The Black Lake calms her.

Calm would be colour black. It is quiet and doesn't scares her. Everything is clearly in the dark, doesn't have to feel or hear anything. Doesn't have to pretend. No one can see in the dark. As a number it would be a 0, it represents nothing.

The water makes a quiet sound when her head gets out from it. Her eyes open slowly, feels her lashes wet and heavy from the drops of water. The moonlight lets her see better. Her nose keeps being underwater, but that doesn't matter.

There is someone else.

The silver light from the sky makes his blond hair acquire a rare glow. His hands are in his pockets, well, one of them because the other keeps being held by a bandage. His head is down, lost in something he had found in the ground.

It isn't the first time she sees him there. She wonders if he has noticed her sometime. Perhaps he doesn't, or ignores her presence. She is very far away anyway and doesn't plan to talk to him or let him know she is there. If she kills herself at that moment he isn't going to notice.

Her eyes move following his movement when he crouches down to catch what it seems is a plane and small stone. She doesn't move, if he throws the stone it's not going to hit her. She is far away.

When he looks up she goes down immediately. It is stupid, but she got scared.

She waits a second. Many seconds.

One stone has been thrown. She could heard the deep sound it made when it drowned at the bottom of the lake. Waits more seconds. He has thrown another one.

She gets out from the water again. Just her eyes and nose. Needs to catch a bit of air.

Now he is lighting a cigarette.

Her eyes narrow. She knew his arm was completely fine and he was just being dramatic. He is using both arms to complete his task.

Once he has lit the cigarette he holds it between his index and middle finger by the side of his body while smoke leaves his mouth.

It is peaceful, see the grey cloud leaving his mouth.

Maybe something or someone has hurt him. He seems grey. His smoke is grey.

She saw his father in the morning. He gave her a bouquet of different shades of pink peonies and asked her opinion for a gift because Narcissa's birthday was on the way.

A rosy crimson had decorated her cheeks for a while as she received the flowers and jar of chocolates she had already devoured. She always said to Lucius that it wasn't necessary at all and she would do anything for him anyways.

"Witches deserve gifts and nice things, Leevy," he always said with a closed-mouth smile. "Nothing is prettier than the smile a witch gives you when a gift appears in front of her everyday, even small ones."

If well her father and mum don't give her any presets, Lucius and Narcissa did.

She wondered if the blond also gave his mum presents everyday. Or if his fatter had said something.

Not that she cared. And less if he was hurt and in pain.

But his smoke was still grey.

His eyes were watching the dark page and white dots above him. Enamoured with the dark landscape the moon painted that early morning.

And she sumerges her head again to swim even more deep. Swimming in loneliness.

Maybe trying to kill her breaths. ༄ "You know what? I'm going to end throwing up from all the fucking hustle and bustle here. See you in the common room later," Leevanna said and Lhu nodded before trying to hug her friend, but Leevanna quickly put her hands in between, preventing her friend from touching her.She did not hug people.The people did not touch her."Be careful, I'll tell you how it ended," Lhu said goodbye smiling softly as her friend began to go down the stairs nodding. She understood and would never force her to do something the green-eyed wasn't comfortable with.Leevanna began to walk quickly behind the stands to reach her destiny, when her umbrella went flying due to the wind."Great," she snorted starting to run to get less wet as possible. She could feel the big and large drops of water trespassing her clothes and strands of hair making it stick to her face.When she was halfway the Viaduct Courtyard, she felt an icy aura surround her and this time it wasn't her beautiful empire of ice walls. The girl turned slowly and with fear running through her body.A Dementor.A bloody Dementor.It was a fucking joke right? The universe was playing fucking jokes on her or what?She didn't have her wand at the time, what was she going to do? Say to it that she needed to go to the bathroom and then run faster than in a marathon? Offer the Dementor a hot cup of tea as they eat chocolate cookies in a tea party dressed like princess?Yes, she had been joking with her thoughts about receiving the Dementors' kiss and how bad she wanted to die... But — Well... That was not a good moment for her to die.She needed to left a letter to Lhu and her family or something — maybe just to Lhu.And — And she needed to get better clothes! Like — Like a black dress or something. And she also needed to fix her makeup and — and a hairstylist to fix her hair — maybe — maybe she could dye it purple—She couldn't be left on the floor just like — Like that! She would look like a potato which had been left behind! That would be extremely embarrassing!Oh, God, she was already crazy and now she wanted to laugh. Although she was more than terrified.That's how her brain worked since that had happened.Her mechanism of defence against bad situations was making internal jokes which made her laugh in the worst moments to do it. She had not gone to a funeral since she was ten because of that. She always laughed when she saw the person inside the coffin. Her brain made her fix her view on funny things she found and she was fine with it because it was amusing but — But now she was hating the way her brain worked because she could not think about what the fuck she could do to stay safe.She did not even realise that she had started shedding tears uncontrollably. She stayed frozen in place as the black creature slowly approached her, threatening to attack.She didn't even have the time to wonder why the bloody Dementor was there if they weren't allowed to approach the school in general.But she — she realises that she wants to receive the kiss. She wishes it. She really does.She knows though, she's not going to exactly die if the Dementor kisses her. She's not an ignorant. And it's a pity for her not being one.She knows that when a wizard or a witch is kissed by those things, their souls are sucked out of their body. Her brain knows the process, she knows that person enters in what Muggles would call a 'Persistent Vegetative State', their bodies are just shells, empty shells that are still alive. A body with nothing worth living for. A body which would not feel a single thing. Because a person would die only if the heart stops pumping blood, the Dementor's Kiss provokes just brain death, only the stimulus response is lost. The person would be irretrievably 'gone', not dead.She knows that if the Dementor kisses her, all the feeling in the world would be lost in a black mass which would just leave the most scariest of her memories left behind, that she would find her mind locked in a cage with everything that has haunted her through her life.The Dementor's Kiss is considered to be a punishment worse than death, she knows.And she thinks that maybe she deserves it, no — there's no 'maybe' — she deserves a punishment worse than death.Because death wasn't entirely a punishment, it would make her stop suffering, that was not a punishment, it was a gift.Death meant freedom for her. She doesn't deserve freedom.Her body was slowly approaching to the Dementor. Ready.Just when that thing was about to absorb her few — nonexistent — happy memories or maybe dictate her life sentence, the person she least expected to see appeared.   "Expecto Patronum!" Malfoy.He had stepped in front of her, accidentally throwing her to the ground to protect her. And although the spell would have been really weak — and the Patronus hadn't really shown up at all —, it managed to push the Dementor a bit far enough away that Malfoy had time to yank Leevanna by the arm and run out of there. The green eyes of the girl were full of that salty water which slid down her cheeks uncontrollably as it mixed with the cold water of the rain.All just happened in matter of seconds.She didn't see which animal 'protected' Malfoy, she did not even realise that he had touched her, she didn't see if the Dementor was still behind them, for her the world had slowed down and her ears had plugged.She was in a sort kind of trance.For the first time in years, she had felt how the fear ran all her tiny body leaving her in a total shock and panic.She needed to run. She needed to escape. Why she couldn't escape?She needed drugs. She needed to die.She — She — She needs to go back. Why — Why he had saved her? No, he shouldn't have saved her. He shouldn't fucking have!She needs to go back. She — She has this sudden necessity of wanting to run.But she couldn't — She cannot—"Are you okay?" Malfoy questioned the girl once they were both inside the Slytherin common room, but she was still in shock and the sound was not leaking to her ears. She hadn't even realised that they were already in the dungeons. "Leevanna," Malfoy called her again, taking her by the shoulders and focusing his gaze on her eyes which were reddened and filled with fear. "Leevanna! Are you okay?!""Ye-Yes..." She finally replied in a low tone and trembling.The boy was able to let out all the air that was contained in his lungs. He had thought that the Dementor had really attacked her because of her trance.They were both drenched from the rain, their hair plastered to the skin of their faces and looking into each other's eyes."We're getting everything wet, go take a bath," Malfoy said removing his hands from Leevanna's body quickly before she realised what he was doing. He should not be touching her. "I'm going to do the same," Leevanna nodded slowly and started walking in the direction of her room still confused, but stopped midway.She was more than confused."Malfoy," she called him and he turned around. She bit her lower lip wondering if what she was going to do was okay.She wants to punch him, for saving her, for not letting the Dementor leave her like an empty shell who couldn't feel anything. But she also wants to — to do something she hasn't done in a lot of time.And the voice in her head telling her that she needs to go back with the Dementor, didn't stop her from running up to him and throwing her arms around his neck to hug him. "Thank you," she whispered closing her eyes while her nostrils were soaked in the perfume he used. Draco froze for a second but ended up slowly circling her waist and lifting her off the floor a bit due to her small height.He hasn't hug another person that it isn't his mum, it feels... It feels weird. One because all their clothes are wet and sticky. Two because — well — this is Vaughan. He is hugging her. He doesn't understand how her body could feel so warm if the rain was so cold.After a few seconds, they both slowly separated and, after looking at each other for a second, Leevanna ran back towards the dorm she shared with Lhu.The girl took a somewhat long bath — as her brain made jokes about the situation and she felt her body slowly getting out of her trance of confusion and mixed thoughts —, staying under the water for several minutes with her eyes closed remembering the smell of Draco when she had hugged him.Why had she done it?She didn't know, but it felt good somehow.What was wrong with her? She did not hug people out of nowhere, she didn't even hug Lhu and now she was hugging him.But — Wait a damn fucking minute... He had touched her.Why the fuck she had not pushed him away when he had done it?She did not like to be touched. By no one.She did not like it.She despised it.She was afraid of being touched.She always pushed people, or reacted aggressively — but with him she had not done it. Why she hadn't done it?Why had he had to saved her? Why he had done it? Why had she said 'Thank you'?'Thank you' for what? For ruining her suicidal plans? For not letting her nonexistent happy memories fade away following the wind? For not letting the Dementor leave her like an empty shell? For corresponding the hug? For touching her?For fucking what?He had saved her from the Dementor — even if she hadn't wanted to be saved —, asking nothing of her in return — But any of her close friends would have done the same, right? And he was her friend — or at least she saw him in that kind of way somehow. Then why...?She shook her head before she could complete the question.There was no question and voi—fucking—là.And she would make sure that he would not touch her again.She left her room already changed and with dry hair, it was still colder than normal. When she met Malfoy in the common room, he was eating a couple of sweets that he had surely found in Crabbe and Goyle's drawers. A low chuckle escaped her lips when she saw how he couldn't open one of them, but she returned to her normal face when she realized what she was doing."You conjure a Patronus, but you can't open a simple candy? Genie they call you," she said mockingly as she pointed her wand at the fireplace to light the fire and warm herself and the boy."Very funny," he replied rolling his eyes as he put the candy in his mouth.He didn't tell her that he hadn't conjured a Patronus. He couldn't. And he would never tell her.They both sat on the sofa at the same time. Separated from the other, clearly."What were you doing in the middle of the courtyard when everyone was supposed to be at the Quidditch game?" he asked before taking the already unwrapped candy to his mouth."I was going to throw up if I kept watching them play," she confessed with a shrug as she raised her legs to the furniture to hug herself. "They looked like a bunch of newborn ducks or chickens which followed their mummy," and he chuckled softly listening her. "Anyways, What were you doing there? You were supposed to be in the game too.""Did you forget that I almost died for that bloody chicken Hagrid brought in?" Leevanna laughed. "Madam Pomfrey said I had to come back in one month to have my bandage removed, that's where I was — Well, she actually remove it before the game, but I didn't want to go" the white-haired girl nodded before snorting and complaining that the fire wasn't hot enough. "Put this on,"His brain did not even think about it.Leevanna turned her head in Malfoy's direction as he held out the Quidditch robe with his last name on the back, she looked at him with a raised eyebrow and shook her head, refusing to do so. He rolled his eyes before throwing the robe to her face — she had got sacred, but he did not realise."Don't be stubborn, yeah?" he snorted. "This bloody thing generates more heat than fucking hell, believe me.""Fine," she accepted, snorting and putting on the garment and seeing how it was huge on her, so much so that the sleeves managed to stick out of her hands. "Bloody hell, Malfoy. How tall are you? Seven bloody feet?""Is it my fault that you are so bloody short?" Malfoy rolled his eyes. "You pray a bloody goblin.""Are you calling me ugly?""...Maybe," Malfoy played looking her up before faking a grimace. "And I thought Griphook was scary.""You're—a—prat," she said as she gave him a hit between each word with a green cushion that was on the couch. Draco just laughed as he tried to defend himself with his arms. "You're not far behind. Dobby seems cuter to me at this point.""Oi! That was offensive," then they both laughed genuinely for several seconds until they caught their breath. "Ugh, you made me miss his breakfasts."He avoided to say: miss my only friend."Hate to say it, but agree," Leevanna said remembering how the elf had prepared breakfast for both of them when the girl went to Malfoy Manor after they met due to their parents' relationship. "How's Mipsy, by the way?""Ah, yeah, fine," he sighed before looking down to smile leisurely. "Missing yours.""I'll tell Maglor," she nodded slowly and smiling.Both teenagers remained in silent watching the fire burn the wood in the fireplace. The rain was still pouring violently out there and no one doubted that tomorrow it would continue the same."Did you know that Sirius Black is Potter's uncle or something like that?" Leevanna asked after several minutes, Malfoy frowned giving a sense that he didn't know what she was talking about. "I heard it yesterday from McGonagall's mouth. When we go to Hogsmeade in December, some of the professors are going to meet at the town pub to talk about it," the girl shrugged, dismissing the matter. "Don't tell Potter anyway.""I don't promise anything," the blond laughed."It's serious," the girl laughed, pushing him playfully with her elbow.And the same question passed through their minds, but they didn't know how to ask it. So they preferred not to say anything.After all, what did it matter? Was something going to change to the case?Both were against each other, they wanted what the other had. Same goals, different reasons. Their paths were separate, like two parallel lines. Those paths could not cross. It would mess all up. A distraction for their objectives in life.That afternoon they both spent their time reading books in silence until they fell asleep on the sofa in the common room. Both with their elbows resting on the edge of the backrest and their heads on their hands while the book they were reading rested on their laps; Leevanna with her legs on the sofa and Draco had them in a straight line, and both with their body in the direction of the person in front of them. 

"Listen to me... Shut up!"

Eyes narrowed, heat growing every second around two bodies. Tension already built. It is constant. An eternal circle of anger.

Just like the number 8, its shape represents infinity, spirals that don't end even with the help of a number 0. It is curious because if you part both circles of the eight you get a zero. Infinity comes also with a 1, a blindfold tied behind your head.

Anger is like the number 81.

The darkest shade of all blues together. A sea that drowns you until the air decides to abandon you in the deepest of the abysm of despair. Lava from a volcano that burns and then dries leaving the hopes of breaths down a blanket of darkness.

"Or fucking what, Malfoy?!" she yells. "What are you going to do, huh?!"

And he pushes her. Doesn't use to much strength but it still manages to make her go back a few steps.

"Shut your fucking mouth!" his muscles are tense, crimson is climbing his neck, warming his body and raising the temperature.

Jealousy could be colour pink, like a peony. It is such a beautiful colour but then you get tired of it and becomes annoying, suffocating, hateful. It turns to a yellowish kind of green because it merges with anger and fear. The ugliest of the colours without any doubt.

The peony pink once it was now is dark and smells bad, releases a kind of yellowish-green smoke that looks like sickness. That is jealously.

Its like number 5, sharp and with the hint of having an eighty-one inside.

The demon inside you stiffens up; it is tense, alert. It scrapes one finger along the bottom of your stomach, yellowish-green as iris and hungry. Is a fire within you, burning away all logic and reason and good feeling — all that remains is hatred, irrational anger, and resentment. A twisting in your stomach.

Dead peonies, smelling bad.

And all because of a letter. Two in this case. One with more words than the other. But with the same love, just that one of them doesn't realise it and feels bitter.

Jealousy is a bitter flavour and its texture is sandy and dry.

Things around them are exploding. Some papers are in fire, smelling like burned hopes and words none get to read or hear.

It had started at breakfast, when the Malfoys' owl entered the Great Hall with one parchment attached to its foot and beak holding two letters.

All had been fine. Calm. Then the peony's pink started to wilt in shades of dark aquamarine.

Draco had received one of the letters and the parchment with the response of a summer class he wanted to take as a preparation for the Ministry. He had been happy or at least a smile had painted his face until he saw for who was the other letter. He had slid it across the table until it reached Leevanna's place.

She had stopped eating under Lhu's gaze and opened the envelope seeing that it was sent by Narcissa Malfoy due something the green-eyed had asked her days ago.

Minutes later an owl from the Ministry of Magic came and land in front of Leevanna. Offering practically the same the piece of parchment Draco had received.

Leevanna didn't mean to, but it was in her blood. Maybe she said 'Don't even think about it, Malfoy, I'm the next Minister of Magic' and maybe he answered with 'Surely they don't want a kid with psychological problems.'

Her face had grown red from anger before she threw a goblet of pumpkin juice to him in response. And well, he threw a jar of peach yoghurt at her.

Pretty good way to start a morning.

Yells for here, screams for there until both were covered in food and were held by their friends before they could even think in start punching each other.

A few hours later, he decided it was a good idea to accidentally set on fire one of her books and she responded with burning the piece of parchment he had received.

"Don't you dare to put another of your filthy tosser's fingers on me!" and now is her turn to push him. She uses more strength than he had.

"You don't fucking touch me, you whore!"

And she just slapped him.

His head turned aside, red cheek and the mark of her hand throbbing in his skin. It hurts because she has rings that day and now a thread of blood is going down the corner of his mouth.

"Don't you EVER call me a whore again!" she yells pointing him with her finger. "Did you fucking hear me?!"

"Don't you DARE to hit me again!" his hands push her again. His voice is deeper and even louder than hers.

Both breathing heavily, chests and shoulders rising and going down.

Her hand stings and burns. It is numb.

"That position is MINE!" she screams pushing him in return too, ignoring his recent warning.

"Oh, PLEASE! You can fucking barely hold yourself and you want to hold a Ministry!" he pushes her again too.

"Don't fucking talk about problems because I have A LOT of things for you!" her hands shove him off yet again.

"GO ON!" he yells. "Fucking finish your fucking idea!" he repeats her action seeing her go a few more steps back. "I have A LOT of things for you too!"

Eyes narrowed, heat tense as a thread of life and anger at its maximum shining.

   "WHAT DO YOU WANT?!"

Both have responded at the same time and turned their heads just to find Severus Snape raising both eyebrows.

"Could you care to explain why is Mister Malfoy bleeding and Mis Leevanna with her wand out?" the professor's tone is calm, arms crossed over his chest.

And the two of them start talking at the same time.

"—she's a feral animal—"

"—fucking mental—"

"—threw me peach yoghurt—"

"—and she pumpkin juice first—"

"—burned my letter—"

"—called me a whore—"

"—fucking tosser—"

"—I'm bleeding because of her—"

"—he is the problem—"

"—she is the psychotic one—"

"Just shut up," Severus closes his eyes, overwhelmed by so many words. "Both of you, detention."

And the Potions' Master raises an eyebrow again, with a face that says 'You really want to know?'

"But is his fault—"

"If she wasn't such a bitch—"

"—always does something against me—"

"—calling St Mungo’s would be a good idea—"

"—he always fucking starts—"

"—it is her fault—"

"Silencio," Severus rolls his eyes and turning to leave the dungeons.

Both keep talking in silent, following their House Teacher through the hallways for him to let them speak again.

 When the snow started to fall, already in the middle of November, Leevanna sneezed from her bed."I am not—" sneeze "—sick!" she complained before twisting in her bed as a whim before she sneezed again making Lhu laugh."You are bloody burning," the curly-haired said as she brushed her hair. "And not in a good way this time.""It's not that bad," Leevanna huffed as she stood up from the bed. "See? I can—" and she stumbled falling back on her bed. "Fucking jelly legs," she muttered angrily and Lhu laughed even harder."How did you even get sick?" The curly-haired asked as she zipped up her school skirt. "You were fine two days ago," and Leevanna looked at her nails pretending she didn't know anything. "I swear to God if you still go swimming to the Black Lake in the middle of the night—""Just... Twice," she mumbled as she looked up slowly. "...Before it froze...""And for sure then you went to the library to read still all wet," Lhu rolled her eyes as she knotted her green tie. "Merlin knows you're a case when you want.""I was bored," Leevanna sighed. "And I was also having nightmares... I thought it would be a good idea to relax my mind..." she muttered before wrapping and covering herself with the covers and becoming a tiny ball under the faux fur velvet, fluffy duvet colour black."I've told you a thousand times that you need to wake me up when you're having nightmares," Lhu sighed as she sat on her best friend's bed and placed her hand on her over the duvet."Sorry," she muttered under the sheets as she became smaller. "Are you going to go for breakfast?" She asked uncovering her face to look at her, Lhu nodded placing some kind of transparent but sparkly lipstick on her lips. "Well... You already know who to say that I'm sick.""Good morning, my beautiful ladies!" the voice of Theodore Nott made the two girls look at the door, which had been open abruptly."Could you not broke our door?" laughed Lhu standing up."You ask too much, darling," he sighed before jumping to Leevanna's bed making her laugh. "And why are you not ready?""I'm sick," she sighed before she sneezed again."Aw..." Theo said with a cheesy tone pinching one of her cheeks before she slapped his hand. "You heard that, blondie? She sneezes like a kitten!""I heard her from the hallway," Draco chuckled leaning his back on the door's frame and placing his hands inside his pockets. "Oi, Grindylow, what happened to you?"The things were better between the two, at least civilised conversations could be made.She took off her middle finger. "Nothing that should concern you, Oxygenated, I'm sick, that's all," she sighed and then coughed due to her sore throat. "Oi, Theo! I'm cold! Stop stealing my bloody comforter!""But— It's so bloody fluffy and soft," the boy said as he wrapped himself inside it, leaving the girl just covered with her sheets. "Malfoy, you need to try it, mate.""Make room," the blond said before throwing himself on the bed. "For holy Merlin's sake... Vaughan, you sleep in the fucking clouds," he said as he also wrapped himself in the duvet."Could you stop stealing — Get out of my bed!""Why the hell are you taking so bloody long?" said Blaise arriving the scene. "Move your flat, plain arses, I'm fucking starving.""I'll move my hot arse after you try this," Theo said from the bed before extending a hand for the dark-skinned to also lay down on the bed."Why are you all in Vaughan's bed?" Blaise frowned as he approached and laid down. "Holy hell... This is heaven.""Told you," said Draco and Theodore at the same time with their eyes closed and letting themselves get lost in the warmth the duvet had."Get the fuck out of my bed!" exclaimed Leevanna trying to recover her comforter as she hit the three boys with her pillow and tried to push them away without any success because of her muscle pain and weak body. It was a stroke of luck for her that her bed was big enough so as not to have the boy's too close."Sh, we're trying to sleep here, witch," Draco shushed her as he also grabbed the pillow to then put it under his head. "I swear, mate, I'm in the fucking clouds.""From fucking where did you get this?" asked Theo grabbing another pillow to put it under his head just like his friend had done. "From The fucking Eden?""It's—" said Leevanna between teeth as she tried to recover her pillow and coughed repeatedly. "—from—Egypt," she huffed starting to feel more discomfort in her body. "Get out!" she complained doing a childish whim. The little tears filled up with anger crystallising her vision."She vomited on that last year," said Lhu tying her robes looking herself in the mirror before turning her head to her friends. Blaise was the first to get out. "And I vomited on it last month.""I'm out! I'm out!" said Theodore getting up quickly not knowing that the curly-haired was lying from the beginning. "Mate... Gross," he said towards Draco, who was still wrapped on the bed."He—" began Blaise approaching his friend. "Is he really asleep?" He chuckled seeing him frown softly between his dream."Mate... Mate, are you dead?" Asked Theo frowning because his friend wasn't moving. "I think he's dead.""Oh, no," said Leevanna grabbing a free pillow. "If you die, do it on the fucking floor," and she hit the blond with the also fluffy pillow. "Get — the fuck — uuuup!""Merlin's bloody sake, witch, shut up," complained the boy trying to cover himself from the blows with his arm."Well... He's not dead," shrugged Theo."Stop hitting me!" said Draco with a sharp voice as Leevanna kept doing it. "My — head — you — ow, stop!""Get out of my bed!" she growled grabbing the cover to avoid touching him as she pushed the blond out of the bed with all her strength."Salazar's sake, witch," he huffed after he fell sitting on the floor. "I swear you hit my brain.""Do you have one?" she frowned confused before he took off his middle finger."Come on," laughed Lhu passing her arms around Theo and Blaise's shoulders making them bow to reach her height. "Let's go for breakfast and leave Miss Sick alone," she chuckled waving goodbye to her friend. "See you in the break!""Sweet dreams, Ice Queen!" Said Theo as they walked."Ayo, are you going to get out or what?" Asked Leevanna towards Draco, who was staring a music-ballerina box on the dressing table which had the inscription 'Leev – 10th bd.'"Oh — yeah, yeah," he reacted turning his body to see her. "See you around, Vaughan," and he closed the door.Leevanna sighed relieved and stood up fromher bed to re-accommodate the bed herself, she would have used her wand, but the dressing table was too far and she didn't want to walk. A few seconds later she wrapped herself again in the comforter as she twisted in pleasure against the pillows."Fucking hell, this is certainly the clouds," she muttered closing her eyes to sleep some more hours.It was curious that the green-eyed was sick, really sick. She usually stayed long hours in the garden of the school with wet hair after a shower or swimming in the Black Lake, but these recent weeks, she had been doing it when the lake was almost frozen, but — why?A normal person would say: 'If the water is almost frozen, I will wait until summer.'Leevanna Vaughan, on the other hand, would say: 'If it doesn't kill me, it could relieve my nightmares.'And it certainly does. It relieves her nightmares in a good per cent — at least the not-so-scary ones.She had tried everything, from aromatherapy to potions, nothing helps. Just her estrange addiction of going swimming in the almost frozen water.She loves how the fine and fragile sheet of ice surrounds her body leaving a sensation of warmth inside her as she just lets herself be immersed and sank until her body is just floating in the middle of the water, her ears plugged and the darkness surrounding her, or maybe the moonlight illuminating her way as a ray making the bubbles shine like crystals. Everything was slower underwater. The cold travelling every single part of her body pore by pore, reaching her veins and pressing her skin as if she was contracting to become stone, caused her an immense feeling of comfort. Comfort she knew she didn't deserve.The silence the Black Lake had was another thing she found the most comfortable experience in the entire world. Just listening to the tiny waves collide with each other and the wind creating a symphony with the leaves of the tress. Seeing the glorious landscape the light of the twilight painted over the horizon, sliding down the hills and finally making the water glow.The cold in her body was comforting.And that's a guilty pleasure she doesn't want to share with anyone else. ༄ A week later, Draco huffed before wetting the quill in the black ink to continue writing. He was running out of time for the deadline of his Arithmancy essay and he also needed to complete the other one for Defence Against the Dark Arts."I swear I'm going to pitch myself from the fucking Astronomy Tower one of this days," he mumbled between teeth when his calligraphy didn't convince him at all and he needed to use another piece of parchment to start again from the beginning.He was a bit angry with himself and he had a lot of motives to be, because — what — what the hell was fucking wrong with him?First of all, since when did he run out of time for a deadline in his entire life? He always handed his homework on time, a week before the bloody deadline if we need a date. He was extremely responsible and careful with school stuff because he didn't want to disappoint his parents, and now the bloody professors had had to remind him the bloody deadline. Since when did that happen? Since when he was so distracted and careless with school?Another thing was that his house-mates were always going to Lhu and Vaughan's dormitory to smoke or just bother the second one. And that shouldn't be a problem or something similar because he loved to piss her off at any time but — yesterday, the last time they had gone, she was peacefully sleeping wrapped in her comforter next to a book about princesses and — and she looked... He didn't know how to describe it but — for the first time, he — he felt this weird thing... Some kind of — he didn't know how to express it. It had been something that made him say: 'she looks in peace, don't bother her.' He had actually whispered it as if he had been saying it for himself but — his friends had been able to listen to him and frowned playfully before he realised what he'd said.Salazar's holy sake, he was going mental.Maybe he was sick. Yeah, he was definitely sick. That should be the answer to his weird behaviour this last week. Maybe Vaughan had infected him with her germs.He was definitely not going to her dorm again, at least until she was fully recovered from the flu she had. He despised being sick. Though he wasn't very sure if he was sick because he'd no symptoms.Maybe it was a different type of flu. Nothing new to worry about. Later he would go to the hospital wing to see if he was okay or not.His head turned when he heard a noise."I swear to bloody Merlin, I'm fucking dumb," growled the girl behind the shelf. "You know, Leevanna? They call you fucking butter hands. Fucking dumb you are, that's why you're not in Ravenclaw. Stupid, stupid," she muttered between teeth picking up the books before she coughed. "Your fish died because of this. 'I want to caress the fish.' You stupid little—" "Talking to ourselves, are we?" Draco chuckled lowly, leaning his head on the side of the shelf with his hand in his pockets.Leevanna jumped, throwing her books again.Draco pressed his lips avoiding laugh."Who the fuck caresses a fish?" he asked frowning softly with a smile."Shut up," she snapped quickly and her cheeks acquired a little rosy tone that extended until it reached her nose as she crouched down to grab her books again."I thought you weren't leaving your room until next week," he said handing her a book that had fall near him."I was going mental inside that bloody dorm without doing anything and I already finished reading all my books," she huffed scratching her eye with her wrist. "I need to go back to school.""Aw, did you miss me so much, Vaughan?" his voice was cheesy before he pinched her cheek making her slap his hand. "Merlin, you have a fucking whip instead of a hand or what?""In your dreams I'm going to miss you," she sighed. "And, ow, it hurt?" she said doing a pout as she approached before she slapped his hand again. "Here, double pain. Enjoy it.""Ha. Ha. Very funny from your part," he rolled his eyes moving his wrist circularly to calm the pain her hand had caused. "I have homework to complete, so... See you later, Grindylow.""I hope not seeing you later," her face contracted in a grimace of disgust as she looked him up and down. "Goodbye, Oxygenated."And he chuckles as he watches her came out through the library doors. He frowns.The hell was wrong with him?"I'm going mental, nothing new," he murmurs between teeth before he sat down to continue with his essay. ༄ Draco scratched his eye with his wrist before yawning. It was one in the early morning and he just woke up out of hunger — though he knew he was just bored and maybe eating something would fill that.It turned out he wasn't sick. At least Madam Pomfrey had said that to him, and also that maybe it was a decompensation due to the cold climate and he just needed to rest and to stay warm to not catch a real flu. That was all. Nothing else to worry.He grinned maliciously when he saw a white-haired head from a study table in the common room. Leevanna was sitting with a lot of books around her, the same ones he'd seen her carrying in the library when they met by chance.He approached her carefully and pressed her lips to avoid laughing when he saw her asleep over a book."Boo," he whispered in her ear.The girl woke up suddenly by screaming as she fell out of the armchair. Draco burst into laughter."Fuck it! Malfoy!" She growled still sitting on the floor before getting up to sit again on her armchair. "I swear you rest me life years every time we meet.""What are you doing here so late?" He asked her as he sat on the armchair next to her. His early morning snack could wait a few minutes."Fucking homework," she buffeted. "I didn't go to classes for a week and I swear you completed the whole fucking Bible. The Quran too maybe.""You have a master's degree in being exaggerated, Merlin's sake," he rolled his eyes playfully before grabbing a parchment and see what she'd been doing."Oh, now I'm the exaggerated one?" she laughed sarcastically. "It's killed me! It's killed me!" she dramatised placing a hand on her forehead. "At least I'm not a big baby.""Fuck you," she chuckled when he took off his middle finger. "You have Muggle Art?" he frowned looking at her books."It's interesting and not that bad," she shrugged. "I have Art too," a low sigh left her lips. "Did you know that Muggles had this thing called Realism?" he shook his head. "The artist portrayed life from the depths of an unordered urban land, and it was awesome," she smiled enthusiastically as she showed him a page of the book. "They painted about poverty, misery and despair.""Why would someone paint about those things?" he looked at her with a soft frown. None of them realised they were too close, with their hands almost brushing. "Muggles are odds.""Yeah, sometimes," she chuckled. "But look," she pointed a picture on the page, "even if it doesn't move, they painted this so well that I swear I can feel how the people felt at that time... The despair they had because there was no food or money and they didn't know if they were going to survive."And he looks at her and sees her eyes sparkling as she talks about art and pretty things like that and — and he has never been so interested in something as he's now.They spent an hour or maybe two just talking and talking, well — she talks and he hears her, smiling and chuckling every time she gets mad for the things Muggles did."Um — Oh, Gods, look at the hour," she realises when her gaze upped to the clock. "Merlin, you should be bored of me talking and talking already.""Actually no," he whispers as she grabbed her things to go and try to sleep at least one hour before classes. She hadn't listened to him. "You're still sick?" He frowned when he saw her red cheeks when he placed his hand on her forehead.She shudders a bit at his cold touch.And he doesn't know why he put his hand."Something like that," she murmured by looking up, encountering with her eyes, he still didn't pull out his hand."You are warm...""You are cold..."They are barely audible whispers as if they were just talking for themselves. Two seconds, just two seconds of eye-contact before both realised what were they doing."Er, um — I — I should be going now," she babbles getting up after he took off his hand of her and both clarified their throats."Er — yeah, yeah — of course," he says also standing up and running the fingers through his hair as his left hand remains in his pocket. "You — um — your book.""Oh — yeah, sorry," and she avoids all eye-contact as she grabbed the book he was handing her. "I — see you, Malfoy.""Yeah — s-see you, Vaughan," he stuttered as both walked in different ways.What the hell had been that?And Draco thinks he should go to the hospital wing again because Pomfrey had definitely lied to him earlier, because now he feels most of his face warm.He's sure he's definitely sick. ༄ "What's that?" Asks Daphne Greengrass with a soft frown and pointing something Theodore Nott had in his hands."It—"Blaise Zabini threw a cushion at his friend before he could even open his mouth well to answer the girl's question."Did you just hit my precious face?" Asked Theodore placing a hand on his chest and Blaise nodded. "Dammit, mate, you woke up today and choose violence? I know you're jealous of my mesmerising beauty, but you don't need to disfigure me.""Sit your plain arse down, Nott," Blaise said rolling his eyes before continue writing his essay."Leev, I don't understand," said Lhu with a pout before handing her book to the green-eyed. "What the hell did you do here?""It's a calculation," she answered normally."You cannot add negative numbers to positive ones, they are supposed to be subtracted," huffed Lhu. "The fuck did you do? The worst thing is that is correct! How did you do that?"Leevanna shrugged and left her book aside to explain it to her friend."I didn't do a calculation per se," she sighed. "I chose any number and counted down, the numbers decreased so I continued with the negatives, once I got to the number I wanted, I took the negatives and converted them to positives to be able to add them to the initial number I chose, I removed the excess ones to match the answer given and that's it."Everything went silent.Leevanna took a liquorice cherry wand and bite it as she passed her gaze through her friends."My gormless brain is rubbish, I'm not even going to try to understand that," said Theo before pulling Pansy's homework to his side and copy the answers."And what Theo had in his hand is drug," Leevanna sighed as she went back to her writing."How did she—?!" Theo looked at her scared. "Are you even from this fucking planet?""It wasn't so difficult," she shrugged before raising her gaze and giving her liquorice wand another bite. "I recognise that bag, I saw them in hands of some fourth-years in the common room party from last week.""Well, drugs and whatever in another chat," said Lhu. "I didn't understand a shite about what you said.""The final answer is 10, but the problem is divided in two, so the first answer you get is 2000," Leevanna sighed, "but they tell you you have to give a number less ten," Lhu nodded slowly as she saw Leevanna writing, "so, if you count backwards you reach -10, now you convert that to the positive line, you obtain 10, you add that to the initial number you said, that is 1997, now you have 2007... You extract those 7 numbers extra and voila, 2000.""And how the fuck you get to the ten?""That's the second part, and for that you need to do all again with numbers that are extra, so 7 minus -10 is equal to -3, you pass the 3 to the positives, now the final answer (7+3) is 10, so is easier because you don't need to subtract anything at the end. That's it.""Vaughan, could you—""Don't even think about it, Theo," she chuckled before biting her candy. "It's very simple, they're just numbers.""Is easy for you because you have an extra-large brain," and she rolled her eyes when through her ears leaked the sound of Malfoy's voice. "Now, the simple mortals, like us, don't enjoy numbers and think they're pretty consuming.""And who the fuck summoned you? Fucking Jesus?""Oi, woken up with the left foot, haven't we?" the blond chuckled and took seat next to Blaise. "And this is my dorm if you haven't noticed, Vaughan," she took off her middle finger and rolled her eyes."But you are not a simple mortal either, Malfoy," said Daphne. "Have you even seen your fucking grades? Merlin with you two, those brains of yours are fucking spooky sometimes.""Who's the first in our class?" Asked Pansy Parkinson unwrapping a candy Leevanna had just given to her."Mudblood," spit out Draco between teeth. "Then, fighting for the unwanted second place, we have Vaughan and me.""But Vaughan is more intelligent than Granger," Pansy frowned."And me what?!""I don't really know," the green-eyed responded ignoring the blond's complain. "I've never evaluated my intelligence in that way and I don't like to participate in class and be an insufferable know-it-all so that's why I'm in second, next to our twat, Malfoy.""I don't even assist classes sometimes and most are so bloody boring, so, yeah," the blond sighed. "That's why I'm in second too."None of them looked at each other, actually, they went blank for a moment. Thinking back to their parents' words about their failure in school.Lucius had been crueller with his son, he had yelled almost a complete day about a Mudblood being cleverer than him in his first year at Hogwarts. He hadn't said anything about Leevanna, he just scolded his son. Draco, since that moment, had started being even more cautious with school stuff but never told anyone. But, the problem was his anxiety episodes, when he couldn't leave his dorm not even to eat.Now, for Leevanna's case, her father had just gazed at her and said «disappointment, as always» and then left the room in complete silence leaving her with a clenched jaw. She hadn't said anything or complain about it, but she couldn't help and get affected by his words. Though she never did anything to reach first place."What's the name?" The voice of Daphne brought back both teenagers to reality. She was referring to the small bag Theo had just taken out from his robes."How was it? Um... Oh, yeah, opium," replied Blaise making aside his school books. "Though you're not going to use it.""Fucking misogynistic," mumbled Daphne between teeth. "Why?""Are you barking mad? Us three have done it before and know what it does to our body, you haven't even smoked and I'm not going to risk a chance to have detention because you had a seizure on our carpet," said Blaise firmly."But Theo's giving it to Pansy!"The five turned their heads to the aforementioned ones, who stopped what they were doing and smiling innocently."Wait, but the opium isn't supposed to be eaten raw?" frowned Lhu softly."It can be actually also ingested as a pill, made into a tincture for drinking or, what they're going to do, be smoked," sighed Leevanna."No that you don't like to be insufferable?" Draco raised an eyebrow playfully before taking grabbing the opium pipe from its place next to the lamp and utensils. The pipe had a stem made out of stained bamboo decorated with metal. The bowl was attached to a white metal mount set with decorative stones."Fuck off," she took off her middle finger and he chuckled before grabbing a lighter. "I want to try it too.""I'm not going to risk having to take you three to the fucking hospital wing after your seizure, forget—"And Daphne, Leevanna and Lhu looked at him with pouts and intertwined hands as a beg. Their eyes began to even sparkle."Don't look at me like that," said Blaise helping Draco with his task.But the three continued looking at him like that and intensified everything. Leevanna even started shedding tears."Don't — Vaughan, stop, I'm not — Oh, for Salazar's sake, fine! Have at it!"Leevanna chuckled and wiped her tears with the knuckles of her thumbs before smiling and grabbing the opium pipe Theo was handing her."Dammit, mate," laughed Draco. "If I've known I just need to start crying to get something from you I would've done it a lot time ago.""Shut it," growled the dark-skinned before throwing the lighter to Leevanna, who went blank for a second before doing the same procedure Theo and Blaise had done to lit the spirit lamp."How am I supposed to do this?" She asked frowning confused once the lamp was lit."Set yourself comfortable, Ice Queen," said Theo chuckling. "Is most efficiently smoked in a reclining position."The green-eyed did what Theo said and waited the next instructions. Her black cat, Nix, had jumped over her."Now, take a pea-sized ball from the paste's bag and grab the end of the long needle," said Blaise. "Hold it over the flame of the lamp until the bubble swells and turns golden."At the same time he stretched the gooey mass into long strings in order to 'cook' it better, repeating the procedure several times under her attentive gaze."Now roll it back into its pea-shape and quickly push it into the hole in the bowl," continued Theo helping Pansy with the same. "And hold the bowl close to the flame so that it hits the ball of opium.""Okay," sighed Draco. "Take a deep (and I mean it), deep pull at the pipe until it is completely consumed."Half hour later, once the other two girls had also done it, they don't feel hugely euphoric. They don't feel intensely pleasurable. They don't feel like they're on drugs.They just feel nice. Very nice.It's like the feeling on a bright Saturday morning, you've just had your favourite breakfast. Nothing troubles you and you're in a satisfactory mood because you've got the whole weekend ahead for you. The sun is out. You've got a fun evening scheduled.Now, for Leevanna, who hates the sun, feels like she is under the almost frozen water of The Black Lake and the moonlight is filling with light her path making the little bubbles sparkle. The stars decorating the dark-blue ocean above her.That's how opiates makes her feel. In peace.It's not intense. It's just nice. She feels nice, just slightly itchy and slightly nauseous. Thats all. Just really nice. Comfortable. At ease.All is good in the world. No need to worry about anything.The pillow under her head felt divine, as if her head was melting into its fluffy and cold surface.She has never felt this relaxed formerly, just swimming in The Black Lake is synonymous. Just touching her fingers together was sensational and running a hand through her hair felt like the most brilliant thing she'd ever done. Everything felt so perfectly in place.And she thinks she has just discovered another way to relieve her outrageous nightmares.Daphne laughed."What?" Asked Pansy laid over her abdomen."If we were in a war, Leevanna and Malfoy would be like these generals who are super serious but if they are drunk are bloody funny," Daphne chuckled, running her fingers through her best friend's hair."Oh, wait — you're right," laughed Lhu. "I can see them wearing fancy uniforms with lots of medals and arguing over strategies.""Certainly mines would be the correct ones," both said."No, of course not," said Draco sitting down. "Mines would be the bests."Leevanna also sat down. "No, mines.""Mi—""If you start fighting I'm going to throw you two out of the room," laughed Theo.Both laid down again after growling softly."But don't manifest," sighed Leevanna. "Be at war would be unpleasant.""No if you're in the winner side," shrugged Pansy. "I mean that if you have privileges you would be able of just supervising attacks and discussing tactics, you could even leave.""Yeah," sighed Blaise. "But a lot of people would die everyday.""Some deserve to die," said Leevanna."And what about the innocent people?" frowned Daphne."No one is completely innocent," the green-eyes sighed. "We all are sinners, some of us deserve death, some of us deserve to live with the punishment of trauma, but we all are sinners.""Even God?""Even that motherfucker." She was there, with salty rivers running down the hills of her pale skin."You should have kept her safe," she cried looking at the dark ocean filled with little, shining white points. "I prayed, for Salazar's sake! A fucking lot! And you did nothing!"  ༄ The 18th of December, everyone was getting ready to go to the town of Hogsmeade for the weekends' visit.Over the course of the past five weeks, Leevanna and Draco haven't stopped playing cruel pranks to the rest of students for a single moment — especially Gryffindors —, which had caught the attention of many, as they generally played them separately.There were several students with tentacles on their faces and others with jelly extremities. Some of them also had coloured hair.Blue and yellow were the ultimate fashion at Hogwarts school.Before leaving with Lhu and Malfoy's group, Leevanna was struck by an oar of footsteps in the snow, so she followed them until she saw Harry Potter and the Weasley twins talking about a mischief map. The girl quickly left her hiding place in order to reach the others."Why did you take so long?" Lhu asked her best friend as she linked her arms to walk together, something they did most of the time. Leevanna's idea so as not being hugged by her best friend.It had taken years though, for her adjusting at that type of touch — even if she had been the one who suggested it.She still shuddered a bit."I found out that Potter has a map that tells you where everyone is and where there are secret passages," the white-haired one confessed with a smile. "The Weasel-Bee twins gave it to him, apparently it's so he can come with us to Hogsmeade.""Ohh, I heard about that map," Lhu said laughing. "Hell, I was looking for it, I wanted to have it myself to go to the kitchen to steal some of the chocolate cakes.""And you weren't going to invite me?"  Leevanna asked with a raised eyebrow in Lhu's direction."I had to get the map first," Lhu laughed, "Ah, too bad. Bloody Potter, all because You-Know-Who didn't kill him.""Bloody hell, I am a bad influence on you," Leevanna said as she let a laugh escape her lips. Usually, she was the one who made that kind of jokes.Leevanna was in a good mood.She hadn't had any nightmares all that month, just escapes in the middle of the night to read a book or two, sometimes with Malfoy, sometimes alone. Lhu had prohibited to her to go to The Black Lake in the middle of the night, so she hadn't gone since November, and also because it was already frozen and she couldn't swim in it. But she had ice-skated.As soon as they arrived in the small village, both girls were devoted to bought sweets and some clothes for their trips to the village. And they talk and talk all that time, laughing and smiling as they gossip about the things that are happening currently at Hogwarts.Leevanna considered Lhu the only best friend she had, she understood her and had always kept her secrets from the moment they met.Lhu knew so many things about her and she was not afraid of her — Leevanna was very grateful for that. It had taken months for her to start trusting Lhu without any type of filter, but she had succeeded. Lhu was part of the three selected people Leevanna could fully trust and let her weaknesses confront the world.And Lhu did not judge her. Not a single bad look for expressing her weird thoughts. Not a single reproach. Not a single tear or shocked gasp. Not a single pity-look.Just a reassuring smile in a way to tell her that she would be there for her always, that she would never go anywhere, that she would never abandon her.Leevanna loved Lhu with all her heart, but she would not tell her. At least until she is totally prepared to say it.She was never going to say it out loud being honest, she wasn't prepared and she didn't think she would be able to say 'I love you' out loud to someone — or herself — ever, and that was definitely the fault of her parents and the way she had been raised — traumatised. She had not been raised for her parents, she had been and is still being traumatised and mentally and physically abused. She had been raised for someone else, someone who really cared and cares about her.But she tried to show she cared about her in her way. Leevanna loved and cared in a different kind of way.She thought that 'love' was another very strong word... But not strong enough.She didn't believe that the forces of love and the magic of the rainbow could against evil, that only happened in fairy tales with princesses who find their Prince Charming and live a delightful life with butterflies and their Fairy Godmother. In real life, the cruel world, you were alone and the one with the most power always wins.Or at least that was how she saw it.Power was the strongest word for her.She loved that word.It meant the ability to do something or act in a particular way, a faculty or quality. The capacity to direct or influence the behaviour of others or the curse of events. Control things. Emotions."Oi! Vaughan!" both girls turned quickly upon hearing Malfoy's voice. "Watch out!" and as soon as she was about to respond, the blond threw a snowball at her that hit her straight in the face. "That goes for the little joke from yesterday!" The boy clarified as he laughed and began to walk away.She had made a few of his strands blue while he slept. That's why he was wearing a hat that day."Oi, Malfoy! Locomotor Mortis!" and as soon as the girl waved her wand, Draco had already fallen facing the snow. "What's wrong? Can't move?" laughed the white-haired one next to Lhu watching as Draco tried to get up off the floor. "Nice hat, by the way.""Very funny," he replied sarcastically, "Do the counter-spell, yeah?""Fine," Leevanna agreed rolling her eyes and waving her wand so Malfoy was free. "Heard Weasley and Granger are near The Shrieking Shack.""After you, goblin," Malfoy said accepting her proposal. "Locomotor Mortis.""I despise you," she muttered against the snow."Aw..." he mocked. "Thanks, love."Then, after he did the counter-spell, they started to walk. ༄ "Do you want to move a bit closer?" Hermione Granger asked the redhead at her side. "To the Shrieking Shack?""Actually, I'm fine here," Ron Weasley refused, staring in terror at the dark house in the distance."Well, well. Look who's here," Draco said as he walked through the snow catching the attention of the pair of Gryffindors. "You two shopping for your new dream home? Bit grand for you, isn't it, Weasle-Bee? Don't your family sleep in uh... one room?""Shut your mouth, Malfoy," Ron replied looking down at the snow."Watch that mouth of yours, Weasel-Bee," Leevanna warned, standing a few steps in front of Malfoy with an arrogant tone. "Because I can easily take care of it."Draco giggled softly."And I thought that Gryffindor was supposed to be the friendly ones," she mocked. "You know... The pupils of this school and the fucking royalty here," she laughed. "I guess I got confused with Hufflepuff," she sighed. "What do you say?" she asked Draco. "At this point, I'm friendlier. And they call me Ice Queen!"And she could be the same or crueller than Draco himself if it came to making fun of someone. Besides that, for her young age, she knew more spells than anyone at Hogwarts.Ron looked at her with a bit of fear, but with fascination at the same time."Not friendly at all this two," Draco said to the white-haired one referring to the redhead and the other girl before laughing. "I think it's time we teach Weasle-Bee and Granger how to respect their superiors," suggested the boy looking at the five who were accompanying him."Hope you don't mean yourselves!" Hermione threatened, standing in front of Ron in a defensive pose. Leevanna instantly recoiled with a disgusted face as she drew her wand in the direction of the girl.Although she had not just separated just because she was a Muggle-born."How dare you talk to us!" Draco exclaimed putting his arm in front of Leevanna to pull her away from the Gryffindor girl. "You filthy little Mudblood!"It was just at that moment when a snowball hit the blond's left cheek causing Leevanna to instantly separate, but it was not saved from another falling to her as well."Who is that?" asked Draco a bit scared.And out of nowhere, more snowballs began to impact the bodies of the five Slytherins."Don't stand there! Do something!" Malfoy ordered Crabbe and Goyle as he was used as a human shield by Leevanna."Lhu!" exclaimed the white-haired one as she saw her friend being knocked down by... well, the air. "Show yourself! Coward!" and another snowball fell into her causing her to fall into the snow on her knees and palms.She closed her eyes.Why did they keep touching her?On the other hand, Draco was pushed into the snow falling backwards and then was dragged off his feet."What's up, Malfoy? Lost your skis?" Ron asked mockingly before dodging one of the snowballs Leevanna threw to defend herself. "Wow, calm down, witch.""Don't you dare speak to me!" Leevanna managed to say with anger before being pushed into the snow falling backwards this time.Now she was starting to get scared.Whoever it was, was pushing her too many times, was touching her, was getting too close, being too rude."Move!" Draco exclaimed pushing Goyle barely out of the snow and then grabbing Leevanna's arm to start running off with Lhu behind them."Malfoy! Wait!" his friends yelled him before trying to stand up to run away with him, Goyle still had his pants down. From afar you could hear the laughter of Granger and Weasley.When they were far enough away, Leevanna released herself quickly from Malfoy, to then fall to her knees and roll over to lay down on the snow."It was Potter," she managed to say when she got her breath back. Everyone else laid down next to her to rest and catch their breaths."As you know?" Lhu asked her resting her head on her friend's stomach. She moved and seated on the snow. Lhu sighed.

"I can swear, I heard his voice" assured the white-haired one, letting out an icy sigh from her pink lips."Or is it that you're going crazy," Draco played with a chuckle at the end. Leevanna threw some snow at his face and took out her middle finger."Hello? Yes, this is Leevanna," she started making a phone sign with her hand. "I was calling to see if you have a booth for the opera because I have a friend who does some... perfect treble," she continued making the rest laugh as Draco gave her a bad look, then threw snow at her face."Piss off, Vaughan," Draco replied, rolling his eyes and looking at her with narrowed eyes. They all started to stop and shake to go back to town, they still had things to do."Look on the bright side, you'd be famous," and as they walked, Malfoy threw snow at her face again. ༄ The 24th of December, after the buffet that was given at Hogwarts for the students who spent Christmas there had finished, Draco and Leevanna met in the schoolyard.Or rather, Draco found Leevanna.Both had to stay in the castle since their parents hadn't sent any sign that they were going to spend Christmas with them.Draco was still a bit disappointed, unlike Leevanna, who couldn't remember a single holiday where her parents had filled her with «family warmth» and... happiness.In her house, there was no happiness at all.Generally, at Vaughan Manor, Leevanna was alone before and after dinner, opening her gifts after twelve, illuminated only by the light of the fire in the fireplace, lost among her memories.Many times the elf who served in her house, Maglor, accompanied her and she lent him some of her books so that he could read them with her when her parents were away.Leevanna had always been alone."What's up?" Draco asked cheerfully, sitting in front of the girl seeing how she didn't even bother to turn around to see his face. Her knees were close to her chest and her left cheek was on them."I was wondering how Maglor is doing," she replied in a low tone. "This year Christmas is going to pass without me.""Is the Ice Queen getting sentimental? Because I have a perfect spell for that," and Malfoy's response caused the girl to giggle that combined with the knot in her throat causing her voice to break, but she regained her composure half a second later.She was not going to cry that night."The Ice Queen is not made of ice, Malfoy," she reminded him, pressing her back to the spine behind her while with one hand she wiped away the only tear she was planning to shed that night. "This year I was going to give him one of his favourites books, that's all," she sighed, fixing her gaze on the moon again."Look at that," he chuckled. "The Ice Queen has a heart after all."She rolled her eyes smiling playfully."What are you doing here? Did you miss me so much?" she asked teasingly."You wish," Draco replied sarcastically rolling his eyes in amusement. "Crabbe and Goyle are pigging out in The Great Hall and I decided to go out for a breathe, I saw you and I said: Let's honour her with my presence.""Honour me? Horrify me, rather," laughed Leevanna fixing her gaze on him. "I thought this year you would go with your parents.""Last minute things," and this time he was the one who looked away. It definitely hadn't been last minute things, Draco had known since the beginning of the year, only that the weight of being alone on that date had just fallen on him at that time.They were both silent, looking at the moon and imagining if perhaps their lives had been different as non-magical beings or if they had been born in different times and families...Until Pansy arrived interrupting the peace."Draco! There you are!" she said with a sharp voice approaching the boy."Uhg, there she comes," Leevanna mumbled sardonically as she saw the black-haired one move to Malfoy's side."Any problem, Vaughan?" Pansy asked, feigning kindness. Neither of them could bear it.They had a very strange friendship.When they wanted to, they could be nice to the other, if not, they were mean."Yes, your face," she replied with a smile causing Draco to try to hold back his laughter."Ugh, whatever," the girl rolled her eyes. "Draco, I was wondering if you wanted to go with some of the boys and me and play a couple of pranks on some Ravenclaws," Pansy had no intention of inviting Leevanna, in her own way, she was a hindrance to her goal with Malfoy. Although many times she imitated some of her jokes from previous years."We did the same yesterday with Gryffindor," Draco reminded the black-haired one as he rested his eyes on Leevanna, who had looked up at the sky again. "It's getting boring at this point."It was getting boring because no one had come up with new pranks.Leevanna hadn't come up with new pranks."Yes, but if you go... I dunno, maybe later we can do something else."The green-eyed rolled her eyes and pointed the interior of her mouth with her finger sticking out her tongue. She knew Pansy had a kind of crush on Draco."God, I'm going to end up throwing up if I keep listening to this," Leevanna rose from her seat quickly. "One minute of peace, all I'm asking," and as she left, she was grumbling about her interruption a few minutes ago.Draco had to control his laughter by hiding it with a sideways smile."I can't stand it," Pansy said rolling her eyes before crossing her arms and turning back to the boy. "Well, are you coming with me or not?""Goodbye, Pansy," the blond replied in return as he stood up from his seat and shoved his hands into his pockets to start walking towards the entrance. Behind him, Pansy stamped her foot in protest and walked to another of the entrances to leave.When Leevanna arrived at the Slytherin common room a few minutes later, she found Lhu sitting on the couch with other girls.For a moment she thought of leaving quietly to slip away into the silence of her room, but she didn't. She had promised Lhu to try and get along with the people.She closed her eyes tightly and bit her lower lip before clenching her fists and starting to walk in the direction of the others. She took a deep breath before sitting down next to Lhu, surprising her. Leevanna made sure that she was separated enough of the other girls."You disappeared after dinner," Lhu laughed before handing her a couple of sweets. The girl shrugged in a way to tell her that had no importance."What were you talking about?" inquired the white-haired with a closed-mouthed smile, maybe she could try to get along with someone other than Lhu for just once in her life.Yes, she liked her reputation, but some people were scared of her.Two days ago, for example, she had met a first-year Hufflepuff at the library and when she asked him if she could borrow one of the books he had, the poor boy threw the book at the ground scared and left the place leaving the girl extremely confused before she laughed."Potential couples here at Hogwarts," replied Millicent. Leevanna rolled her eyes with a giggle. Now she remembered why she didn't hang out with the other girls though she liked her house-mates. "Lhu fancies a fourth year.""Oh — I know who she fancies," replied Leevanna smirking to her best friend. "The one who... You know?" Leevanna questioned in Lhu's direction and chuckled softly seeing her best friend cheeks blushing as she nodded.Lhu smiled, she was happy that her best friend remembered such a «banal» detail, as she would call it."Still, no one can deny that Oliver Wood is cute, he's the captain of the Quidditch team of Gryffin-losers," said another with blonde hair, Daphne Greengrass."Yeah, I think," Leevanna sighed."Adrian is another," Dahpne continued. "And Theodore too.""Nobody beats Malfoy," said the raven-haired girl who had spoken to her first. "I dunno, he's so tall and handsome and so... he.""He's a twat," Leevanna said without thinking twice before putting a bar of chocolate in her mouth. The other girls laughed."Do you fancy someone Leevanna?" Millicent asked with a mischievous smile."Leevanna doesn't fancy anyone because she thinks she's just going to waste her time. And no one is up enough to her," replied Lhu doing an imitation of the girl. She had said that last year, around similar dates, when she discovered that a Slytherin boy of third-year liked her."And I haven't changed my mind," the green-eyed one agreed, pointing at Lhu as she chuckled.What Lhu had said had it's truth and lie at the same time. Leevanna wasn't exactly not interested in things that had to be with silly teenage feelings because she thought she was superior to the rest of people or something like that. It was because, being a person who had seen her father raise his hand to her mum and saying horrible things to her and seeing her mum being a complete submissive who didn't do a shite to get out of the situation or even defend herself, had changed her mind a lot about relationships.She didn't want to end like her mum. She didn't want to be with someone like her father. She didn't want to be forcibly married with someone. She didn't want to get married at all.She didn't want to fall in love or be capable of love. She would certainly drown herself if that happened.Her mind is focused in things that are more important. Her future, for example.She has goals. Graduate with the highest notes — that is, pass all her N.E.W.T.s with an O — and then find a place in the Ministry of Magic that helps her to become Minister in short time. She has her future very well written. Doesn't have time for silly feelings."Where's Pansy? She usually loves this chats," said Millicent with a soft frown as she passed her gaze through all the room looking for the girl."I left her with Malfoy at the courtyard," Leevanna replied unwrapping a candy to take it to her mouth."You and Malfoy would make a good couple," Daphne commented out of nowhere with a shrug causing the white-haired one to choke on her candy and start laughing. "You have a lot in common.""And! And!" added Millicent excited. "You are like this stories enemies to lovers thing! It would be sooo bloody fantastic!""Me? With Malfoy? When Weasel gets a girlfriend," she said once she had finished laughing. The idea of them together was stupid."Well, Weasley fancies you," the black-haired one informed, raising and lowering her eyebrows repeatedly. "I overheard him talking to Potter in the dining room, Granger told him he was crazy after the Hogsmeade thing.""Ron Weasley?" Leevanna inquired with a frown, all the girls nodded. "Weasel-Bee? That redhead who looks down every time I speak or even look at him?" they nodded again. "Interesting"."Why?" Lhu asked curiously."Is funny, that's all," Leevanna replied with a wink as she chuckled."Pansy," the white-haired one immediately turned around upon hearing that familiar voice. "Does what you said earlier still stand?" Draco inquired with his gaze fixed on Leevanna."Yes!" She replied in a shrill voice before walking quickly to his side."Come on then," Draco took one last look at Leevanna, before putting his arm around Pansy's shoulders and walking out of the common room. He had been listening to the conversation behind a column since the green-eyed one was asked if she fancied someone.Why he had pissed off about that?And why her stomach twisted when he saw his arm surround Pansy?All the girls turned to Leevanna scared when they heard an explosion. "Sorry," she muttered, opening her palm to meet her more than melted chocolate frog. 

"Loathsome cunt."Leevanna buffeted before closing her book abruptly and crossing her arms watching Malfoy and his group laugh at some mischief they had done in recent weeks. The sour and bitter savour in her mouth burned every part of it, like acid, trespassing her teeth to the burn her tongue and mix with her saliva. Like snake venom.She was not in a good mood."You've been insulting him all day," Lhu laughed by her side."And I will continue doing it," Leevanna rolled her eyes in annoyance. The venom continues sliding through her body, reaching her lungs and burning every part of them.They were in the class of Defence Against Dark Arts, that day they were going to see and talk about the Mirror of Erised. That mirror was supposed to be in the Room of Requirement, but for some reason, it had been removed and the professor had it.Winter was already gone, it was the last week of May and the end of the year was approaching. Unfortunately.Draco and Leevanna hadn't crossed a word since December, other than to insult each other, but they had played quite... Different jokes.Three weeks ago, for example, Draco had left one of the girl's bralettes hanging on the top of a tree next to her underwear and rest of clothes when she was swimming in the Black Lake. When she got out, no clothes or shoes were where she had left him. Malfoy, seeing her from afar and laughing next to his friends, had wait for her and said: 'Nice suit.' The girl had had to conjure a cloak to start searching for her clothes as she heard Malfoy's laughter.She had returned it to him by pulling down his pants in class when he was in front of everyone. He had been doing a presentation for the Potions' class and she just couldn't stop laughing when his face turned as a red as a tomato when he realised he was half-naked. When he left the classroom, Leevanna conjured a cloud of hail which followed him until he ended half-unconscious in a hallway.Several days ago, Malfoy had enchanted the food of the white-haired one so that her face would swell beyond recognition. And she had answered it by putting a spell on his water so that tentacles would come out of his face.Minerva McGonagall had taken away their wands for a week, they just had recovered them."Well, who wants to go first?" asked the professor at the same time that everyone took a step back.That mirror had gotten a bad reputation since Professor Quirrell had used it to try to bring the Dark Lord back."Miss Vaughan, lucky girl," and that's when Leevanna realized that everyone had left her alone. "Come on, come on, stand in front of it and recite the inscription."       Little pieces of shite, thanks.Leevanna subtly cleared her throat as she approached the object uncertainly. Malfoy stopped smiling in that instant."Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi," the girl said in a low middle voice before shifting her gaze directly to the centre of the mirror.She did not know what she was going to see being honest.She wasn't going to tell anyone what she was able to see either, but the girl had something in mind... Something to provoke Malfoy. She wanted to piss him off for making a professor took away her wand.Maybe that she saw his dad or mum saying that she was more their daughter than he was or something similar. Draco hated and extremely envied the way his parents — especially Narcissa Malfoy — cared about Leevanna and she had knowledge of it. And she would take advantage of it."Miss Vaughan? What do you see in the mirror?" asked the professor.Everyone was expectant, waiting for the girl to say something and be amazed by what the Ice Queen desired the most, what was the deepest desire her heart had, but she seemed frozen in time, standing there in front of the mirror as if she were hypnotized.Malfoy tried to take a step towards her, but he couldn't; something in his body was preventing him from moving, perhaps was his conscience saying over and over again that worrying about her made no sense. And it made no sense to him either, he agreed in that. So he stayed in his place. She had made Minerva take his wand away and receive detention, he should not care at all if something happened to her.On the other hand, Leevanna's eyes filled with more and more tears that in turn slipped down her white cheeks ending their journey on her clothes or the old wooden floor.Maybe it was what she saw, maybe it was the feeling.That — that horrible memory — was one of the main reasons she did not like feeling at all. She was traumatised about feeling.In front of her, in the mirror, there was a little girl smiling, her curly hair floating because of the wind, she laughed sweetly. Then another little boy stood at her side also laughing before the image went further, making her see a group of kids doing a tea party on the grass. The figure quickly changed to a family seeing the stars in the sky, Patronus were accompanying them. Leevanna already had a family, so that was not what she desired the most, but that feeling of family warmth and happiness... And that little girl...And she feels this thing.The sour and bitter venom infecting her systems and making fun of her as it eats away all her defences. Contracting her body. Dragging down her spine. Tearing her apart. Leaving her without any hope of air.And her chest hurts. And her head feels like is about to explode.She wishes being dead.The girl quickly wiped away her tears and took a few steps back before answering the teacher's question sarcastically, "That my fish hadn't gone through the loo," then she left the classroom without saying a single more word.She would wait outside after going to the bathroom.She definitely wasn't expecting that.No one really had sawed her tears, but they knew she had had them because of her red eyes which continued to have that cold look. But the people would not say anything because, Leevanna Vaughan crying? No one had seen her like that and they were very sure it was just their imaginations trying to make her more human.And she is thankful for that.A few hours later, Leevanna and Lhu were on their way to the Hogwarts courtyard after finishing their exams.Lhu had not asked about the mirror, she knew that what she had seen was a very serious and sensible subject that she could not drop just like that — like a normal conversation you have in the morning with breakfast or in a tea party. Leevanna had thanked her silence internally.When they arrived at the garden, Malfoy's group began walking towards the two girls, who turned around to leave. Leevanna was not in the mood to tease right now."Aw, don't want to talk?" Draco mocked laughing bitterly.But Draco definitely was."Fuck off, Malfoy," muttered Leevanna. "Just — leave me alone.""What's up? Very cowardly?" Draco said mockingly making his friends laugh.The students who were in the garden, including The Golden Trio, left their activities and paid attention to what was happening. Not exactly because it was their business or something, but the last time they got in an argument, both started using hexes and ending in the hospital wing for not-so-serious wounds."Don't tell me that the supposed Ice Queen is going cry," he laughed. "Instead of Ice Queen I'm going to call you Crybaby," and he chuckles again.He was angering her.Leevanna stopped and listened to his words but decided to contain herself by closing her eyes tightly and start breathing calmly but her body betrayed her and shuddered a little as she denied with her head."Ow, are you scared, Vaughan?"And that was the last drop of patience."From a clown like you?" She responded without being able to contain herself anymore and turning to confront the blond. Lhu tried to persuade her to leave, but she didn't succeed. She'd had nightmares all the month, plus the incident with Erised's mirror, she wasn't in the fucking mood. Also, she wanted to start crying at that moment for no reason in particular. "Not even if the fucking world ends."And in that instant, her eyes began to burn and crystallize, but not because she felt humiliated or something, she wanted to cry for the helplessness and anger that she had been holding for days.The anniversary of that day was close and she couldn't feel something more than pain, thing that had her mortified."Go ahead and cry, little girl," he mocked realising that the girl was beginning to shed small tears of anger. Malfoy took out his wand by putting it under Leevanna's chin in a threatening way — she contained herself so much to not jump when his wand touched her. "Nobody does it as you do anyways. Like today in class and yesterday in your nightmares, or am I wrong Lhu?"Lhu simply remained silent, in shock, without knowing what to say, seeing her best friend fill her cheeks with tears and her face starting to redden due to her anger. Malfoy had seen them in the common room when Lhu was comforting Leevanna because of her nightmare, but they didn't know until that moment."And give you the fucking satisfaction?" she responded angrily."At least I'm not the one crying in the fucking corners of the castle like a fucking Crybaby.""Oh, yeah? Are you sure about that?" she raised an eyebrow. Malfoy tightened his grip. She knows how to play too."Fucking cunt. Don't you fucking dare—"The scared look in his eyes made the coldness in hers to shine. She did not care the ways he called her."Go ahead and cry," Leevanna interrupted by putting a sarcastic smile on her lips. "You know what your daddy did too, or should I remind you? What your dear mummy went through," Draco slowly started lowering his wand. "Don't threaten me again, Malfoy," she warned him by taking the boy's wand forcefully to finish lowering it and, looking him upside down with contempt, left him speechless and red-eyed.They both knew many dark secrets of the other — although they were just superstitions for her part and things that his eyes had seen for his part —, they knew how to hurt the other emotionally and gain power with it. Seeing their parents had helped a lot in that.And maybe that could be a problem later on, but they didn't know it, they just wanted to hurt the other until they saw who broke first, who of the two would implore for mercy. ༄ "You are a fucking piece of shite!""Oh, come on! Don't you have another insult?" he rolls his eyes. "Bit old, don't you think?""And you think I fucking care?" her laugh is bitter but suddenly her jaw is clenching again."You know? I think you're just too bored and no one pays attention to you," he says, his arms crossed over his chest. "That's why you're acting like a bitch who needs attention.""Ow, look who talks," she says crossing her arms. "The one who came for me and then I left red-eyed.""At least I don't cry at night because no one wants to be near me," his grin is malicious, "because they are fucking scared of me. Because they think I am a monster."And she shoves him off with all her strength before he does the same with her. Her cheeks are rosy and her breathing is heavy. Just like him."At least people doesn't speak shite of me behind my fucking back," she attacks looking at him in the eye. "At least the fucking people talks to me like I'm a person. Do you know what that means?! Being a person?! Because you fucking treat everyone as a fucking servant!""I certainly know more than you do," his breathy laugh is sarcastic. "And I don't need fucking anyone!""Sure about that?" she laughs bitterly. "Oh dear mummy, I wish father let me have more friends.""I have a mum who I can talk to, you know?" his smug smile makes her narrow her at him. "At least my mum listens to me and cares.""Fucking shut—""My mum does want me," he continues. "My mum does care and asks how I am, you know? She does loves her son and doesn't fucking blame me for my father to—""SHUT UP!" she yells pushing him angrily."Or what?!" he yells to. "Are you going to hit me? Eh, Vaughan?! Are you fucking going to be like your dear father?! That's how things are after all, no?! The apple does not fall far from the three anyways! Thats why everyone is fucking scared of you!""I swear if you—""You are a Vaughan, no?" he laughs sarcastically. "Thats who. You. Fucking. Are. After all! Like your dear fucking father! A fucking man who—""FUCKING SHUT UP!"And she doesn't realise her magic has emerged like burning lava mounting the rocks from a volcano ready to erupt and annihilate everything at its pace without mercy or a brief breath of life.While the water hears and understands, the ice does not forgive or forget.She has actually hurt him.With ice floes.Sharp and small ones.They had been more like tiny and thin diamonds of a card from a poker deck.

The King is dead, God save the Queen.She didn't mean to. Or maybe she did. She doesn't really know.She knows she is magic and nobody taught her to apologise for the fire — and ice — that lies inside her. She has been taught to never apologise, better said. And she doesn't want to do so anyway.The cuts make his white school shirt have lines of scarlet red over the part of hist torso and arms. The wounds doesn't seem so serious or deep, they're more superficial. She hopes nobody else got hurt from her sudden icy attack. Her hands are cold and glitters from the ice remain in all her body. She thinks that maybe she is made of ice after all.There is no more metaphor. The Ice Queen does exists.She hasn't have explode like this for a long time. Doesn't remember when was the last time someone got hurt because her magic tickled her skin taunting with emerge."I was right after all," he says. His eyes are narrowed at her. His hair is messy and she thinks it maybe shines that way because there are traces of ice glitter over it. Crimson decores the pale skin of his face and his breathing is heavy. His fists still tight and knuckles white, thin traces of blood paint the cracks of his hands' skin too.Her face and body in general keeps being warm but yet she feels so cold."Just like your father," his eyes look at her up and down. His voice low and dangerous, like a warning, but she isn't afraid."As if you weren't like fucking yours," her eyes imitate the movement his did. "Stuck around but never present, didn't he?" and he knows she knows the story. "Being so fucking coward and hiding behind that mask just using words to defend himself.""Don't act like you don't do the fucking same thing," the cuts his body has doesn't seem to bother him. "Fucking hypocrite, don't pretend to be so much better.""I don't," she responds. "I don't throw my hands to the fire and then take them back to seem less guilty, Malfoy," her eyes never leaving his. "If I'm cruel I don't need to hide.""Sure about it?" his glare is burning her. "Don't you have that fucking empire of yours?  The beloved and fucking Ice Queen?"He doesn't realise but has sent the same little pieces of ice at her. Now she has cuts too, but doesn't care so much, she didn't even feel them.Her nails dig in her skin but she doesn't care and continues to tighten her fists."Do not pretend you're better than me, Vaughan," he continues. Jaw and neck tense. "You're just the same, no less, no much, the fucking same.""Good you know then," she says. "That you are a fucking piece of garbage who doesn't deserve anything or fucking anyone. That you are cruel, vile, fucking pathetic and a fucking cockroach who is a fucking coward and nobody would ever love.""Good you have seen yourself in a mirror," his tone continues being low.Both have the same position they have had all this hour. A foot at the front, fists tight, body in direction of their opponent. Ready to fight.The silence accompanies them for long seconds than seem years. Just staring at each other with narrowed eyes and cuts than burn their skins. But not so much like the real wounds, that ones which are deep inside them, monsters who threat with laugh at them at the most wrong moment of their life. That part of them which is dark and full of memories that now are secrets they don't pretend to share with no one else, not even their pillows.Self defence. Coping mechanisms. Ways to kill traumas. Fights.Wars with themselves they have fought alone for a very long time.They like to fight. That's what they do the best. Some children are born with wars in their veins. Wars they learn to fight and not give up. Wars that sometimes are not even theirs, that are not their faults.Innocent souls that are so corrupt because of the darkness the sun cannot illuminate and the ice cannot forget."Woah, what happened in here?" the voice of Adrian Pucey leaks through their ears. Daphne Greengrass and Lhu Oneyl come behind him.Lhu passes her gaze throughout all the solitary Slytherin common room and sees the pieces of ice beneath their feet. Daphne is the one who catches the cuts and blood in their bodies.They don't break eye-contact, just stop narrowing their eyes. And both speak at the same time. "Nothing." ༄ 

Come on, don't be a coward.Her eyes are fixed on the sharp shape over the table.She raises her gaze and sees that professor Sprout keeps talking about whatever plant they are seeing that day. She isn't paying the minimum attention though she loves the class. She wants to pay attention. But she couldn't.Her eyes fix again on the tiny razor her eyes had just found by chance under a pot. She is very close to it.

And you say to be an Ice Queen? It seems you're about to cry.She closed her eyes and tried to muffle the voice in her head. It was impossible to keep it shut it for a single fucking second.       Coward."I am not a coward," she whispers angrily between teeth, talking for herself without noticing the words had really escaped the doors of her breath."Miss Vaughan?"She turns her head to professor Sprout, who's looking at her with a soft frown and sweet smile. Some students are also looking at her but quickly look away when they feel her cold gaze ordering them to mind their own bloody business."Everything fine?" Asks the woman again and approaches to her."Um—" she forces a smile. "I'm not feeling so good today, may I be excused from the class?"And her tone of voice is sweet, shy and almost seems like she is embarrassed fo asking such a thing. Her pale cheeks had acquired a slightly blush and the smile remained painted on her face."Yes, yes, of course," says Sprout still smiling.Leevanna nods in gratefulness and leaves the robes she uses for that class aside before heading to the greenhouse's exit in silent as she looks straight.When she's back into the castle, her eyes lowered until they found her right hand.The tiny razor was inside her fist and the cold pain of the metal piercing her skin made her bite her tongue and keep walking. The razor carving even more.Drip. Drip. Drip.She doesn't bother to look down when her ears catch the echo of the scarlet and thick drops of her being colliding with the ground under her.She closed her eyes as she felt the plea her digestive system made when her eyes caught m a couple of students from the Ravenclaw house eating a salad about Salazar knew what. The beg was like a knot that had formed just in the navel area and had risen to her throat in one. As if her stomach had digested itself in that instant due to the hunger swing from not eating for a week and four days.She felt like throwing up.But what was she going to throw up? If she hadn't had anything but water in all that time. She felt guilty for even doing it.And she decided she wouldn't eat absolutely nothing for one week and five days more because her weakness of the eating desire.The razor burrowed deeper into her skin until it made her release a ragged and shocked gasp that was barely audible when she felt her hot blood slide down the lines between her fingers painting her skin completely. She didn't know where she was walking or even where she intended to go. She just kept letting her feet to move at their will.Still staring straight ahead, her right hand stopped gripping the razor and switched it to her left hand, leaving red traces of her fragile and scarlet being on the fabric of her robes. Her eyes snapped open when the sharp blade was the first thing to pierce the lines of her palm. The sharp, hot and cruel pain made her lungs consume itself in the burning sensation her own low breathing provoked. She felt the razor sinking over and over into her skin as she squeezed the object in a heartbeat motion, tearing up her flesh and outlining her blood ducts as it pleased.It feels like a warm hug, like she's just comfortable and everything is nice, it might made her feel a bit anxious or have butterflies in your stomach at first, but when she feels the cold breath of the death's lips she leaves a smile on her face.Her head starts to feel like a constant throbbing and she thinks that at any moment it could explode, like a bomb. But medically that is impossible, she knows.She recognizes all the symptoms the fragile shell of her body is experiencing instantly. The imperceptible shaking of her hands from the feel of her razor piercing her. How her chest rises and lowers with difficulty as her lungs compress trying to fight for the volatile air that seems its gonna leave her. The weakness in her legs with every lazy step that she doesn't know how is giving. How her body feels light as a feather and heavy as a guilt at the same time. Her heart races and she slows down the marathon for a few seconds before wanting to escape the cage in which her ribs have it trapped.A caress of what appears to be a breeze from her brushes her face and causes a black sheet to opaque her sight making her stumble.Her body feels numb and her lips breathe their last while a tear escapes from her interior when weakness won over her as always.Her body collapsed in the passageway through which Minerva McGonagall came."Miss Vaughan!" the professor screamed in horror seeing her bleeding hands staining all the floor when she fell.The woman ran up to her to close the distance and lifted the border of her robes before reaching down to the ground to hold the girl in her arms and open one of the plates of her hands to find the small razor."Professor Lupin!" she called scared as she tried to wake up the unconscious girl.The professor left his chat with some of the Slytherin and Hufflepuff students he had crossed paths with and turned his head to the place the voice of Minerva came.He ran towards her."What happened?" he asked taking the girl in his arms to head to the hospital wing as soon as possible."She collapsed in front of me," the witch said in a rush as both ran through the hallways. "Hannah!" she said when her eyes fixed on the girl. "Miss Abbott, please search professor Snape!" ༄ Madam Pomfrey looked at her.Leevanna was lying on the bed facing the another stretcher and giving her back to the three persons in the room. Her now bandaged hands were under her cheeks, and the sheets and cobertor covered her from waist to feet. The hospital wing had been closed for that day because no one could know someone had tried to kill herself."Don't be too mean," Pomfrey said in Snape's direction. "Maybe she is having a lot—""No," Severus cut her off. "She is stupid, that's why she's here.""Severus!" said Minerva and he rolled his eyes."I'll deal with her," he sighed. "You two can go now," both women nodded an left.Severus turned his head to the stretcher his goddaughter was. He sighed again before walking towards her. Now facing her, he saw the tears running down her cheeks."Come here," he said stretching an arm once seated. She did what he said and started crying against his chest as her tiny hands clung to his robes and he wrapped her tightly. "Everything is going to be fine, you can cry... I'm here now." 

"You promised me, Leevy," a hand runs through the brunette's hair pushing it backwards.Deception is like the colour silver, sharp and bright as the blade of a dagger which passes right through you, tears you apart while blood covers its sharpness. Deception is silver, as a number it would be 182, the one serves as the dagger and the eighty-two is just suffocating. Number two makes her think in a lie, it has the shape of half-heartbeat. Incomplete.That's how deception feels. A silver dagger tearing up a heartbeat.Sadness continues being number 11, like rain drops, like tears. Keeps feeling and fading in the colour regalia in a hand-dyed fabric. Keeps being suffocating if you look at it too much. But it is dark."You promised me, Leevy, you promised us," Lhu says again. She cannot look at her, but the tone of her voice sounds broken. "You have been lying to me.""I'm sorry," she whispers. Her cheeks are damp and her breath is shaky. Has to close her eyes to not start hyperventilating."How long?""Two weeks and a half," she answers. Her tone still low and her eyes remain close.Lhu nods and closes her eyes for a second. Tries opening her mouth but closes it immediately. Doesn't know what to say. Because her best friend had been lying to her in the face saying she was eating when clearly she wasn't.The worst part is that Lhu blames herself because she wasn't paying enough attention. She wasn't looking over the person she considers her sister. Knows that Leevanna needs full sight all the bloody time because she is not okay. And Lhu wasn't looking!"It is not your fault," Leevanna whispers. Knows what she is thinking. "I'm so—""Shut up," Lhu snaps.She is angry now and Leevanna doesn't blame her. Lhu has right to be so."Shut up because I'm still trying to figure how the fuck you've been fucking lying to me after you fucking PROMISED not to fucking do it again, Leevanna!" her hand slams the table and the green-eyed gives a small jump trying to hold back her crying. "You promised me! You've been lying to me, Leevanna! I was supposed to look after you all the fucking times! But how the fuck do I do that if you fucking lie to me?!"Silent.For a few seconds.Guit is the number 67, it rhymes and somehow it reminds her to a Muggle firearm being held against a beating heart. It is odd, but it does. Guilt has the colour of the blood. It is scarlet, bright and new against the white. It is heavy."Forgive me,” she whispers finally opening her eyes to meet Lhu’s, whose look softens unconsciously. "Please... I'm so sorry... I'm so stupid... Please—" she gulps, or tries to pass the knot in her throat at least. "Please — Please, forgive me... I swear... I swear I didn't mean to — I didn't want to lie — Please — I-I'll do whatever — Please... Just forgive me..."She hasn't realised she had began to tremble and drown in her own tears.It takes a one more single second before Lhu throws her arms around her neck and hugs her tightly. Leevanna doesn't care of how unfamiliar it is, she just corresponds the same way and even with more strength."Forgive me, forgive me," her eyes close tightly and she breaths the scent Lhu's hair releases. "Please, I'm so sorry... Forgive me, forgive me...""It's okay... It's okay..." Lhu says caressing her hair and hugging her even tighter if possible. "I forgive you... It is okay, Leevy, I love you."And she closes her eyes again while sobs leave her throat.Because it doesn't matter how many persons say they forgive her... She cannot forgive herself. ༄ The 6th of June, three days before Leevanna's birthday and one day after Draco's, the white-haired girl and Lhu were sitting on the small stairs in front of the huge stones that served as a spying link for Draco and his entourage.The two Slytherin girls had been there since early doing spells, specifically the Patronus, they liked to watch them play with each other.Although Leevanna couldn't find a memory to conjure one. She didn't have happy powerful memories being honest. And those recent weeks she had been having depression and anger crisis.Malfoy had arrived moments later. They both stared at each other for a second, but no words were spoken.Truth be told, Leevanna was beyond mad at the blond. She didn't dislike Hagrid to a certain extent, she had even asked him to take her to see the unicorns and the hippogriff named Buckbeak as she was curious about the huge beast. She loved beasts and magical creatures, and they loved her too. Some examples were dragons, hippogriffs and unicorns.That's why she didn't want the beast to be killed, definitely not. She didn't like seeing innocent people or animals die. So, when she found out what his father had asked in the trial for the beast, she almost went to his room and dug and sword in his brain.The innocence for Leevanna was a complicated subject, even though everyone was a sinner, there were certain extremes to judge someone.For Leevanna, the innocence was fading according to the time, withering like a flower in winter which has been cruelly left on the path of oblivion without someone to take care of its colorful and soft petals. She believed that, while all were children, innocence shone like silver moonlight over the darkest lake. As that person grew older and the influences in their environment became more dangerous, sins began to lurk. Though sometimes those sins weren't their faults.Innocence was a complex subject.But who was she to decide what was the secrets behind the windows of that word? So innocence for her shrunk to animals and newborns until certain age came and their actions were conscious and willing."I wish he was the one who's going to be beahead," the withe-haired one murmured unintentionally while tearing a couple of leaves off the ground because of her anger. Lhu laughed and then Leevanna realised that she had thought aloud."It's a great idea," the girl replied with a smile as she grew a flower from the palm of her hand to then give it to her friend. "But impossible at the same time.""It didn't even hurt him," she murmured back, resting her cheek on her knees after she took the flower. She was down, her depression was very severe. "Lhu, it doesn't deserve to die," and without being able to control it, her voice broke on the last words."Don't cry," Lhu murmured seeing her with a concerned expression on her face. Her best friend had been sensitive for days and that was starting to worry her, she wasn't like that. "Don't cry, Leevanna," she begged in a low voice, trying to wrap her arms around the little green-eyed body.Leevanna moved away letting a gasp escape her lips. She looked at Lhu as her eyes crystallised and the tears threatened to come out.Although... She wasn't exactly crying for the animal.Lhu smiled weakly. "I am not going to hurt you, sweetheart..." the curly-haired whispered.Leevanna looked her scared up and down and approached her slowly as Lhu attracted her to hug her tightly.It had felt warm. Reassuring.A few feet away, Malfoy and his entourage were spying on Hagrid's house while laughing."I'll bring each of you a wing when I have the animal," the blond said resting his head on the stone behind him. Then Leevanna couldn't hold it back anymore.The girl stood abruptly from her place, letting an annoyed growl escape from her lips. The heavy footsteps of her tall black leather boots echoed off the stones below her. Lhu stood behind her as he called her name and hurried to follow her. Along the way, they encountered The Golden Trio, but Leevanna couldn't care less."Hopefully his fucking head hangs on a fucking wall so I could use it as a fucking dartboard," she said wiping away the only tear she had shed on the way. "If someone punches him in the face to get rid of that bloody smug smile, I am not going to do anything to stop them, I will even thank them!" she continued angrily while passing by the side of Hermione Granger, who had stopped speaking to pay attention to her words.Leevanna stopped halfway and relied on a part of the wall to be able to take air. In the distance, she heard Malfoy's voice."Come to see the show?" and before Leevanna got a little closer to where the other boys were, Lhu put her arm in front of her and made her a sign with her head to look at what was happening."You! You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach!" said Hermione putting her wand under in the boy's chin."Hermione, no! He's not worth it," Ron Weasley soothed, making the Gryffindor girl lower her wand and make the blond laugh.  Leevanna's eyes gleamed when she saw Granger turn around and hit Draco with her fist."Are you going to thank her?" Lhu laughed seeing how the white-haired girl crossed her arms and smiled devilishly before twirling her tongue against the inner part of her cheek."Maybe," she confessed, turning around and starting to walk towards the interior of the castle. That little thing had made her day better.A few meters behind them, Malfoy came grunting in the complaint as he held the bridge of his nose with the fingers of his right hand. The blow had hurt."Remind me to thank Granger later," he heard Leevanna laugh as she walked serenely with Lhu at her side."I didn't think I would live to see the moment when the great Leevanna Vaughan would thank a Muggle-born," Lhu replied in amusement.Malfoy slowed down and frowned when he heard those words. Leevanna was going to do what? She... Had she told Granger to hit him? Oh, this time he was definitely not going to forgive her.       Fucking, filthy, little cunt, his own voice said inside his head and his jaw clenched. ༄ The 8th of June, Leevanna was wiping her tears rudely, with a sour flavour in her mouth as one by one the salty drops slid down her rosy cheeks.And she feels panic. She feels pathetic. She feels a lot of things right now. Not pretty things.And she wishes she was made of ice."Oh, my sweet Leevy," muttered Narcissa Malfoy passing a hand through the girl's hair. The woman was part of those selected three people who were able to see her weaknesses. "We have to go and—""I don't want to!" the green-eyed snapped before letting a growl escape her lips when more tears fell, reaching her clothes. She didn't want to continue crying. "I'm fine, I swear, I don't want to go.""Leevanna," sighed the woman sweetly. "Is for your own good... You like going.""Not anymore," she raised her head looking at the ceiling as she blinked repeatedly to stop her tears. "I don't want to, please — Please, Cissy, I do not want to—""Mum?"The voice of Draco Malfoy made Narcissa lookup. "Hello, my dragon," then she looked at Leevanna again."What — What are you doing here?" asked the boy approaching the woman to leave a kiss on her cheek. Leevanna turned her body to look at the wall. It was the most childish thing to do, she knows, but she didn't want to see him or let him see her tears. "Dad is here too?"He had written to his mother a few days ago, but he was sure she couldn't have received the letter so early... So, what was she doing there?"Oh, no, no," Narcissa smiled. "He — He is in the Ministry, working, as always. I'm just — how are you?""Fine...?" he frowned. His eyes deviated to the girl at his side, who was standing idly as she kept looking at the wall, then he returned his eyes to his mother. He didn't want to see her either. "Are we going home or something?""Oh, um—" the woman blushed a little, feeling a bit embarrassed. "I — I'm not here for you, Draco... I — I'm here for Leevanna.""What?" he raised his eyebrows."I'm — I'm so sorry, I — I know you want to come home as soon as possible but—""So, you are taking someone who is not your daughter to our home... But you leave me, your son, here?" He laughed bitterly and sarcastically before shaking his head in disapproval. "I didn't know I had a fucking lost sister.""Draco!" The woman reproached. "Don't speak to me like that, watch your tone with me.""Oh — So now you are angry with me?""Draco... Don't be like that — I'm not—""You know what?" The blond interrupted bitterly as he looked at her up and down. "I'm going to leave you here with the only daughter you have because it seems that you don't give a single fuck about me and how I feel.""Don't say that—""Goodbye... Narcissa," the Slytherin Prince rolled his eyes and kept his hands inside his pockets before leaving the place. Narcissa sighed."I swear that blond isn't my son sometimes," she rolled her eyes."See? You shouldn't be here, I'm not your daughter, Cissy," the girl turned to see her with watery eyes. She had been biting her lip so hard to contain her sobs that now it was bleeding. "Go home and—""Nonsense," she snapped frowning and passing her thumb across the girl's lip to clean it. "He is just pissed off and being dramatic, don't mind him," she sighed. "And you are like my daughter, Leevy, don't say otherwise. I care about you as a mother should do.""We are going, right?" Leevanna sighed wiping her last two tears as the woman nodded. "Fine... We can go now." ༄ The 12th of June, in the middle of the night, Leevanna was in the Room of Requirement, looking for the wardrobe that contained the Boggart. That same closet that Harry Potter had ruined the fun with several months ago.The girl still didn't face her fear in front of others and she was really grateful for that.But she had to do it soon, that day was the anniversary."Ouch," she murmured when she felt like the hand lamp she had hit with her forearm. She pointed the light so she could see whatever was in front of her and began to walk making as little noise as possible. "Where are you?" She murmured as she looked all over the room searching for the huge and old closet.Professor Lupin was no longer going to teach any more classes at Hogwarts school and Leevanna knew why — she had discovered his little and moony secret the first time he was absent from class — but she had had the opportunity to speak to him a few days earlier to inquire or ask about the Boggart.The white-haired girl kept walking until she reached almost the centre of the room, finally finding herself face to face with the blessed closet. She made sure she left the lamp far enough so that it wouldn't get in the way, but not too far anyway so that it could illuminate her in the same way."Here we go," she said taking a deep breath and grabbing both handles from the furniture to begin opening it cautiously. The creature was not moving, for her luck, so she continued to open both doors until the black mass began to float alone in her direction.The Boggart quickly began to change forms until it reached the final. Leevanna gripped her wand tightly and mentally repeated several times that what she was about to do was necessary.In front of her was... her.A little girl with beautiful curly hair.Although there were also misshapen shadows behind the other girl.She stayed in silence for a few minutes, avoiding the fact of wanting to run away as well as in her nightmares, in which many of those shadows persecuted her until they reached her and then plunged her into a huge black sea from which she couldn't get out while she heard those horrible screams.Her eyes slowly passed from the shadows to the little girl, who was screaming silently, as if they had taken her voice away, her cheeks soaked in tears.She could be in silent, but her screams repeated again and again in Leevanna's brain.Out of nowhere, the eyes of the other girl turned as black as the same darkness itself and her tears were replaced by the water of that black sea.The misshapen shadows became her father.And while he looked at her with a twisted smile, he pointed his wand to the little girl causing that she began to convulse on the floor. Well — She wasn't exactly convulsing, she was twisting on the floor, she was being tortured.The bloody screams.Oh, God, no, no. It was too much. Seeing it again. It was too much.She could not see that again. She could not — She could not stand and stare at it again. She — She needed to do something. She could not just stand like that and do fucking nothing.Not again.But — It wasn't happening again. It was just her brain. It was just the Boggart taking advantage of her fear.Her body could not send any type of signals, it was numb, just like her brain.It was like a monster, nipping her body with its sharp and pansy fangs making its venom enter her body. Tearing her apart and making billions of little pins dig from within, perforating her muscles. As a black mass sliding all her body and making her feel heavy, unconscious, slowing the world as the mass drowns her.The air was failing her, she was fighting to be able to breathe and react.She was praying for a miracle too.And the blessing miracle happened.It had been like an alarm, just a little sound inside her brain that sent a current through all her body. It became stronger, she could feel her hands and legs trembling now and how her forehead had a tiny sheet of cold sweat.She could not move her mouth yet.She heard the alarm in her brain getting louder — but not more than the screams.Her nerves starting to send more signals at every second, signal which travelled through her face and the hand in which her wand was.At the same time, the alarm in her brain gave its last ring, her muscles contracted one last time to them relax and her lips parted."Riddikulus," the girl said loud enough pointing her wand straight at the Boggart, but it didn't do anything.The body of the girl continued to convulse on the ground, silently screaming while Leevanna's father tightened his grip on his wand as he tried to make her suffer more.Her father looked at her, with that twisted, sick and teasing smile of his.She could feel arms surrounding her from behind, trying to stop her. The two arms became four, then six and she feels every time more hands touching every part of her body.Her eyes winded and her body winced feeling the ghost of the curse her father is casting in her own body.But he kept pointing at the little girl.And when the man was about to mutter 'A' she knew she needed to stop whatever that was happening at that same instant."Riddikulus!" she exclaimed this time with a firm and demanding tone, turning the figure of her father in streamers and the convulsing body in a unicorn with rulers, which made a face of horror when it saw itself in the mirror behind Leevanna, who couldn't help letting go of laughter which gradually became stronger and more genuine.She could breathe again, her muscles weren't tense anymore and she could swear she heard her brain release a sigh.In the distance, hidden among the artefacts, but leaning and standing idly, was Draco Malfoy himself with a sideways smile on his face.The boy had gotten up a few minutes after Leevanna because he couldn't fall asleep or even relax. He thought about going to the school kitchen for a snack, but got lost on the way and ended up finding the Room of Requirement.How? Not the slightest idea.Perhaps, even though he was looking for the kitchen, he also expected to meet a girl with fascinating and cold green eyes on the way — though he would never admit it. He did not know why he kept seeking for her.He had seen the little girl in front of Leevanna, but he didn't understand what was happening and decided to stay hiding.He had not seen the entire show though, juts little parts of what was happening.And it had been terrifying.How had she had the bloody bravery to face that? How — It was horrible. He had not seen the half of it and his body had tensed.Draco couldn't help lowering his head to hold back laughter every time the unicorn in front of Leevanna put on a new face when it saw itself in the mirror, causing the white-haired girl to genuinely laugh. Unintentionally, the blond dropped a little box to the floor, which made the girl turn around at the same time as the unicorn to see what had caused the noise."Who's there?" Leevanna asked as she saw a shadow turn around to hide.She thought that it might be her cat, Nix, which decided to appear after days. And curiously, the black cat with eyes as yellow as the sun began to walk in the direction of the girl, then began to tangle between her legs as it purred."Nix! Bloody cat, three days you left," the little animal stared at her with an innocent face that made her laugh in the purest way. "Let's go before someone sees us," she murmured by guiding the unicorn back to the closet and, before closing it, she caressed its nose.Draco, hearing the steps of the girl approaching, came out of his hiding place and started running to leave the place without her seeing him.Luckily for him, Leevanna had taken enough time giving the boy time to pretend to read a book in the common room — he had the book upside down tho, but none of them realised it.They both collided glances when the girl arrived with her cat, but neither of them spoke or stared for more than two seconds. Leevanna was still mad about Buckbeack and Draco was still thinking of a way to get revenge on her for telling Granger to hit him.And they should not be starting at each other. ༄ At one-thirty in the morning, the 17th of June, a day before the Hogwarts Express came for the students to return them to London, Leevanna was sitting between the part that joined the columns of the passageway that led to the school garden.The girl with green eyes had not fallen asleep for two nights now, and the fault this time wasn't entirely her nightmares, but returning to her house had her very anxious. She felt weird about going back.After facing her Boggart, her body had entered in a sort kind of relief. It was like she was not afraid anymore. As if she was the bravest person in the entire world — or she felt like that.Going back to her house meant that she would see her parents, in the eye. This time she would not lower her gaze.She promised herself that. She would face them, just like she had faced her Boggart. It would be easier? She didn't know, but she didn't care either. She would face them — her father — and that was her last word.She turned quickly when she heard some footsteps approaching her — not directly, but were close to her position. She remained silent when she saw the tall figure of Malfoy, who had frozen when he saw her.He hadn't found a way to return what she had supposedly done, so he had simply dropped the subject and sigh in disappointment of himself. But a subject he couldn't drop — actually two subjects, one was why the hell she had gone to The Room of Requirement to face that. And the second one was why his mum had come to Hogwarts for her. The second subject had him mad at her. She was always stealing his own parents from him. She was fucking always every—fucking—where, like a fucking parasite.He thought about leaving the place because he did not want to see her eyes again, but when he saw her turn her head again, he relaxed and leaned his back against the wall behind him.If he did not look her in the eye it was easy not to yell at her. He was not afraid of her eyes, just that he couldn't — he could not help and think about The Room of Requirement thing and his mother subject.He contemplated her for a moment: her bending knees with her hands resting on them, and her head resting on the spine behind her while her long white hair, curly at that time and without braids, fell gracefully over her shoulders. She wore loose black pants in checkered next to a grey-coloured top that revealed a bit of her abdomen. His tongue savoured a bitter taste as his jaw clenched.Leevanna bit her tongue until she felt the blood in it, avoiding yelling at him for being so cruel for telling his father to execute — kill Buckbeak, she closed her eyes tightly trying to contain all her desire, but she just couldn't.She would not let another injustice pass in front of her eyes and do nothing again — she wanted to be positive about that and not a bloody coward if something similar happened."You're a monster," she said, her tone was medium, dangerous and she was not looking at him. "A bloody monster from hell," and the second time she said it, they both collide glances, her gaze filled with anger and resentment — as if she was ready for a war, while his filled with confusion. "You killed him, and all for your whim. You. Killed. Him.""What the bloody hell are you talking about?" he asked with his eyebrows frowned while crossing his arms over his chest."What do you think I'm talking about?" She responded sarcastically before slowly denying with her head and turning her gaze back to the moon; Draco understood that she was referring to the beast that Hagrid had brought."Oh, fuck off, yeah?" he replied bitterly. "Don't be pathetic.""It was innocent. You fucking disgust me," said the withe-haired girl, the bitterness in her voice growing in every word."And I feel sorry for you," he said without thinking. "Talking to fucking Mudbloods to do your dirty work for you," then Draco let go of sour laughter full of sarcasm. "What a disappointment."Her eyes winded open. He just called her a what? How — How dare he?!"What?" She replied turning her gaze towards him while laughing sarcastically."Have you thanked filthy Granger already?" he asked in return. "Are you best friends with her now?""Oh, please," she said sarcastically after she stopped laughing. "Why the hell would I thank Granger? What's more, why would I speak to her?""Aha, keep playing the one who doesn't know anything," he replied, shaking his head in denying after rolling his eyes and leaning his back against the wall."Do you think I told her to punch you?" she laughed, pointing her index finger to herself; he stared into her eyes. "And not give me the pleasure of doing it myself? Please," she said, shaking her head still laughing before her tone changed drastically, becoming as cold as ice. "I do know how to get my hands dirty and then wash them, Malfoy. ""It doesn't seem, Vaughan.""Fuck you.""Or what? Are you going to fucking cry?""Listen to me," she began threateningly before crossing her arms and starting to approach the blond, he did the same thing, "that nine out of ten want to hit you in the face with a bat full of rusty bar-nails, it's not my fault," she continued faking a smile as her feet unconsciously brought her closer to the boy. "So don't ever say that I don't have enough courage and need to send someone to do the dirty work for me, let alone think things that aren't, yeah?""And you should do the same," he replied by pretending the same smile. "On a whim, I can do whatever I bloody well want, I don't care what it is," they were both three feet from each other."Stand up to kill is in the list?" She snapped with sarcasm, relaxing her arms. "Killing someone or something innocent doesn't make you better than anyone else in this damn world!""Find out how much I care about your opinion!" He responded by imitating her action."With you, it is bloody impossible!""And the lady 'I command to beat other people and do the dirty work for her' says it!""I didn't tell Granger to do anything!""I didn't want them to kill the hippogriff either!""I don't believe you!""My fucking goodness, stop being so freaking stubborn! I'm telling you the fucking truth!""Me too!" and neither of them realised that they were closer than before."I didn't know my father was going to send the animal to get executed," Draco said between teeth with accelerated breathing."I don't fucking believe you," Leevanna replied in the same way."Neither do I.""Understand, I didn't say anything to Granger!""You know? I was fucking right about you," he looked at her with despise and ending with a bitter smile. "You are a fucking cunt."She gasped and laughed sarcastically and bitterly. "How fucking dare you?!" And she pushes him with anger, rudely.And he pushes her too. "You are fucking acting like one! You are always acting like a fucking cunt!""Look who talks about being a cunt! You fucking twat!""What were you doing with my mum a few days ago?" He changed the subject."None of your fucking business," she said between teeth."None of my business?" he laughed sarcastically. "Is my mum! Not fucking yours!""At least you have a mum who fucking cares, you know?!" she yelled. "And you treat her like fucking rubbish!""Don't fucking talk about how I behave!""Don't stick your nose into my business then!""Aw, are you going to cry now?!""Why are you even angry?! She is just trying to fucking help me! Learn to fucking share!""It's my fucking family! You are fucking always stealing them away from me!""I AM NOT! It's not my fault that you can't spend a fucking single second without being so fucking dramatic!""DRAMATIC?! They are my parents! You always have to do something to make them be at your fucking feet! They already have a son if you haven't noticed!""Have you even apologised to your mum for all the things you said to her days ago?! Did you know how you made her feel?!""Oh, please! Go and talk about feelings shite with someone else! What's more! Do you actually have fucking feelings?!""Don't you fucking dare to talk about—""Or what?! OR FUCKING WHAT?! It's not my fault your parents didn't fucking want you!""You know fucking what?! I FUCKING HATE YOU! I HATE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH!""Oh, what a lovely surprise! I FUCKING HATE YOU, TOO! I HATE YOU MORE THAN YOU COULD EVEN IMAGINE!"YOU ARE JUST LIKE YOUR FATHER! Always being fucking stubborn and wanting things at your fucking way even if you hurt fucking people and always wanting to fucking control fucking everything!""DON'T FUCKING TALK ABOUT MY FATHER! Oh— Wait! He is not my father anymore! Is fucking yours!""I don't want him to be my father! But with you as a son, I can fucking see why he prefers me!""I FUCKING GIVE THEM TOU YOU THEN! You can have them all you want! You are always stealing people anyways! You are like a fucking parasite!""YOU STOLE SEVERUS FROM ME! You made him leave me fucking alone! Tell me who is the fucking parasite here?!""What the fucking hell are you talking about?!""Be fucking grateful that people fucking cares about you even if you treat them like fucking shit!""Shut up.""Shut me up."Then the unexpected happened: Draco took Leevanna's cheeks tightly before joining their lips together.His lips on hers.Both had cold, marble lips.Both mouths against the other. Unmoving. Just there. Waiting. None of them could react. She had not pushed him back. He had not pulled away.They were not exactly kissing. They were just there. They were not kissing... Not — Not yet. But they were not supposed to — They — They could not—And she gasped silently. Opening her mouth.His hands did not leave her cheeks. Actually, they find their way until one of them was near her hair, almost touching it, almost caressing it.He swallowed her gasp — as if he needed that breath that she was holding as if it belonged to him for the moment — and her next breath in one as well as his own gut out of her pink lips. She — She swallowed his breath too — his slightly shaky, cold breath with hints of lemon balm and peppermint.It had been just a small clash of breaths and closed eyes as Malfoy's lips crashed against Leevanna's — but then — the unexpected had been that his upper lip fell between both of hers, and his tongue ghosted across her lower lip when she opened her mouth.And she made a quiet, little sound — Not like a gasp or a groan — It was — Was something new, subtle, between the two but at the same time not, it had been like a sigh — A tiny sound that encouraged his lips, which caught her upper lip and making her tongue pass across his lower lip, just like his had done. And he tastes the cherry syrup and honey flavour her breath has, not wanting to let it go.Heat rose from their stomachs to their chests.It is just at that moment that they both realise how bad they wanted that. She could only focus on how soft and reassuring he felt against her cold mouth, how he invaded all her senses — He was close — Too close. His eyelashes brushing against hers. The warm feeling of her breath, although destabilising, was inviting him and he was getting intoxicated with her taste, feeling every part of her sweet mouth.It had been a little erotic, enigmatic, filled with sweetness and softness even after all the things they said and it felt — Strange... But good — Very good — Nearly forbidden.It had been like a little breathing.Just a little connection of flesh and taste that lasted all of three clicks of the clock's quickest hand but for them it had felt eternal.Neither of them thought about what they were doing, until, a few seconds later, both separated abruptly and with their eyes wide open.Their pulses entered in panic. Their brains sending signals and danger alarms everywhere. But they were not thinking.Their skins prickle. Their lips tingle.And they are just there.Standing in front of each other feeling their brains numb and the ghost of the other's lips on theirs."I-I..." Tried to say Leevanna between mumbles and stutters, feeling how her cheeks became red.He had touched her."I-I think..." Draco said the same way, starting to walk backwards to get away from the girl, she repeated the action.He had fucking touched her."I'd better go," Leevanna hurried before starting to walk — run — away from the boy and head straight to the Slytherin dungeons. Draco stayed in place for a second, frozen in time, a current passed through his body and he forced himself to start walking towards his room.Neither looked at each other when they passed the other in the common room when they crossed, they rushed to get to their rooms and get into their beds still with the feeling of nervousness in their bodies. They both touched their lips once they were in bed laying down.What the hell had just happened? 

"Are the Vaughans coming, father?" asked Draco."I think so," Lucius replied without looking at him. Narcissa was waiting for them in their seats.The summer had passed smoothly, at least that's what Draco thought. Apart from getting so numb and sick that he couldn't stand up from his bed — he had done it anyway though. Because the summer classes to get inside the Ministry of Magic wouldn't be attended alone. That ones the only reason why he left his bed. Then he would come back and cover himself in his duvets of comforters to avoid the world.His mother sometimes knocked on the door twice a day, to bring him food he wouldn't eat and ask if he was okay. He only answered with a sort of growl against his pillow and an 'I'm fine. Go away.'He didn't want to worry her. For what it would be? What he would say to her? 'Mother I kissed Vaughan and now I can't get her out'? Ha. Nice try but it isn't.That kiss — if he could even call it that — with Leevanna had kept him distracted for more than a week and he didn't understand why. That kiss was the reason for his suffering the summer holidays. He hadn't even eaten!He should not think about that kiss.But he couldn't help it.The two summer months, he had had to try and block his memory so he wouldn't enter in a kind of trance remembering the coldness but at the same time warmth, her lips had.Why — Why he hadn't done it before? Why — Why he had never imagined kissing her, her lips? Why not?All the time he had been in Hogwarts he had always heard how the boys talked about her and how pretty and nice she was. Always. Since bloody first year. Since the first time she stepped down the Hogwarts Express. Since the first time she entered The Great Hall and The Sorting Hat said 'Slytherin!'Although in first year, everyone was a bit scared of her and her family — because all the rumours that rolled through the castle. But he had never judged her or listened to the accusations because everyone was a bit scared of his father too.In first year she seemed so shy, always blushing softly when someone spoke to her or a professor made her step to the front. Everyone wondered why she wore those black leather gloves which prevented her to touch anything or anyone. He could remember the first time someone had touched her — by accident and was barely a brush — and she had jumped so scared that she had fallen to the floor after slapping aggressively the hand of the person who had dared to touch her — a boy from third year at that time.The boy had tried to apologise because he had thought that he had slapped her or something but she started trembling as she screamed that he could not touch or even approach her. He could remember how everyone looked so worried and a prefect from Ravenclaw had to call Severus Snape. Nobody talked about it after that — everyone wondered why she had reacted so aggressively and defensively but nobody asked.That year also was the first time he saw her crying and in total panic. That had been the first time she said to him that she had nightmares — she did not explain why or what kind of nightmares and he did not ask. That year was also the first time she crossed paths with him and he had tears on his face. She had just sat with him in the couch and talked about the book she was reading — something about a curse in ancient Egypt and a prophecy — and he listened to her, every detail she said about it as his tears slowly stopped.Second year had been a bit calmer and some boys even started to like her — even bloody Theodore Nott had liked her. Every time he heard how the boys of their house and some others talked about how pretty she looked, Draco could not help but frown and shudder — he could not agree on that. She had also stopped using the gloves that year.That year had also its weird part when he saved her from falling off a broom and die. She had got scared when his hands caught her so abruptly but did not say anything. He could remember also how that year she was always brewing potions because of a book her godfather had given her and how sometimes she asked him if he wanted to join her. That had been also the year when Dobby, his house-elf had been freed by no one else but bloody Harry Potter and he could recall how she blushed a bit when she asked him if he was feeling okay with that, he had said yes because his father would not be mean to him anymore.Third year had been quite... different — strange and bloody confusing.The first time he saw her, because she hadn't spent holidays with the Malfoys, he could not help and feel something twisting in his stomach. It had been weird — very weird — and he thought that maybe he was sick or something but — sick why?That year had been the first time he had stared at her for more than five seconds. That year had been the first time he had looked at her body — how much it had changed in the summer and how her features seemed finer and more delicate. How her curls were soft and distracting now. How in every place he looked or went, she was there. How her cheeks and little nose became rosy in winter — or the way she sipped her hot chocolate and passed her tongue across her lower lip savouring every part of it. The way her eyes shone when she went to Hagrid's class and he brought new beasts and the professor let her touch them.That year, at least the time they could spend a record time without fighting, both had ice-staked on the frozen Black Lake near Christmas dates. And he couldn't not smile all the time he was with her. But that time had also been the first time they fought quite often, almost every day, saying things they knew would hurt the other in a way the rest couldn't imagine. It had been the first time they had said — yelled — 'I hate you', they had never said that before, it was always 'despise', so it had felt pretty nasty.And that year was also the first time he — he had kissed her.He could not help and think about her.He could not help and think about how her soft lips had pressed his, how she had caught his upper lip and how her tongue had ghosted his flesh. He could not avoid thinking and losing himself in the memory of her shaky, cold breath with hints of cherry syrup and honey — the way he had breathed her gasps filling his mouth with her intoxicating and venomous flavour.His hands had trembled for a couple of hours after the kiss, feeling the ghost of the skin of her tender cheeks against the palm of his hands — how his fingers had been so close but so distant from her hair. 

 For holy fuck's sake.The determination in her voice, all the things they said, the cold gaze she had gave him before they breathed against the other.It had felt so good — so tasty and — it could not happen again.A couple of days ago, her father, Nicholas Vaughan, had been at his manor, but the green-eyed girl had not come with him. He had thanked that. He really did not want to see her after... That.But Draco could not help it and now was wondering if she was going to come with her parents to The Quidditch World Cup or only they would come, but he didn't want to ask his father any more questions, or else he was going to end up questioning him.And also he should not think about her... And her soft, tasty lips—       Fuck's sake, mate, stop, the voice in his head snapped in an internal growl.What the hell was wrong with him? Why he couldn't push his feelings away as he had done all his life? His façade of stone faded away like smoke with the breeze in matter of bloody seconds.He was going to Occlude. Needs to do it or all is going to go to the same shite. He could not let his façade fall just because yes.So it starts. Doesn't need to close his eyes — and he would fall if he did it.In his mind's eye appears something similar to a flower book or photo album. The images of her start reproducing and his jaw clenches because he can almost smell and taste her.Two glassy emeralds shining under the moonlight, coasts of dark green contrasting with white and fine red spider webs. A blink. Thick eyelashes and eyebrows framing clear green waters that conduce to a dark abysm nobody would ever leave. And now there is just an abysm, black and dark. No light, no moonlight, no shining.Soft ribbons and bows. Blood-rushed but yet so cold. Warm inside. Cherry syrup and honey ghost his mouth for a second before the taste becomes bitter, fading away until it leaves him.White spirals. Soft against the skin of his hands. It tangles in his fingers, embracing them. Now they drain, leaving his hands. It dies and becomes dark. Rough. Red fruits that now are dead against the dying grass. Wilted flowers and spring skies are frozen, the winter breathes and covers everything, burying the memories and smells with ice and snow.The texture of her skin its like silk. He forgets about it. Doesn't exist. It is now deep inside that abysm.The flower book closes and the essences die against the old pages. Now a trunk, small one. Dark wood and a padlock with the shape of a silver rose. The key drowns in a dark sea. He hopes it gets lost next to the trunk — next to the many others he has in that dark sea.Now it is just a sea. No flowers. No cherry syrup and honey. Everything is dark. Calm."Well put in this way, if it rains..." began to say his father by pulling him out of his thoughts. He realised that he was heading to the Weasleys and next to them were Hermione Granger and Harry Potter. "You'll be the first to know," the blond, hearing his father's words, placed a hand on the railing and giggled sarcastically."Father and I are in the minister's box... By personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself," the boy decided to add without thinking about it a lot, but all he got was for his father to push him with his cane into the stomach.He hated that he did that, the blows with that bloody cane had been chasing him since he was a child.But he would never tell him that his blows hurt him. Those memories are deep down the dark sea too. Shoved rudely into a dark wooden trunk and a padlock with a normal shape.He wonders how many keys and trunks are inside that deep sea. Wonders how painful it would be seeking the correct key for each of them when the water dries and the memories lie against the black sand."Don't boast Draco," said his father looking him up and down before putting a fake smile on his face as he directed his gaze to the Weasley's. "There's no need with these people," and then he caught Potter's hand with his cane before he could leave. "Do enjoy yourself, won't you? ...While you can."When they reached their seats, he greeted the Minister and then all those his father ordered him to do before his mother hugged him and left a kiss on his cheek, he only dedicated her a half-smile and kissed her cheek back. He had apologised for the things he had said to her barely he put a foot on his manor.The blond looked around, looking for the girl's white hair, but he didn't find anyone with that particular hair.He felt a little disappointed.Though didn't know why.But he was also relieved somehow.       The trunk. Think about the dark sea.And he does, obliging him to push all aside and not think more about it."Are you looking for someone, Draco?" His father asked curiously, provoking him to give a small jump."No," he answered immediately. "I was... I was only watching," his father looked at him for a second, then nodded and sat in his respective place.Draco was grateful that he hadn't asked any more questions. Or he wouldn't know how to answer them.He himself hadn't had the slightest idea of what the hell was happening to him.Hours later, after the Quidditch game ended, his father had told him to hurry out of the place while he put a mask on his face, then his father left him alone and his mother did the same after leaving a kiss on his cheek. Draco had an idea of what was going to happen. He had heard a part of the conversation Lucius and Nicholas had had to in his father's office but preferred not to eavesdrop more or bother his father. He was kind of scared of Nicholas Vaughan too... His eyes had caught many of the times when the man — his head shook.He wouldn't think about it. He had Occlude those memories too and planned not to let them out or it would trigger to let more trunks broke their silver and heavy padlocks.He headed to the woods, alone and trying to look the most utterly relaxed he could. He leaned against a tree with his arms folded and watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees.He wondered if Leevanna would be with him too if she had come.He rolled his eyes.Why the fuck did he need to fucking keep thinking about her?He was going fucking mental — more than he already was. A few minutes later, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter made their presence."Oh, fuck off," Ron said to Malfoy.And his other two friends glanced him knowing he would have never dared to say that in front of his father, but Draco would say in front of his — muttering it, but he definitely would."Language, Weasley," answered Draco, his pale eyes glittering. "Hadn't you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn't like her spotted, would you?"He nods at Hermione, and at the same moment, a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a flash of green light momentarily lit the trees around them. Draco looked away trying to control the necessity of starting drumming his fingers against his leg because of the anxiety the loud and deep noise had caused him."And what's that supposed to mean?" said Hermione defiantly.       And she is The Brightest witch of our age? His own voice internally said. Le—      Don't you even dare to complete that, his conscience snapped."Granger..." said the blond. "They are... After... Fucking... Muggles," every word as if he was explaining something to a baby. "D'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? Because if you do, hang around... They're moving this way, and it would give us all a good laugh.""Hermione's a witch," Harry snarled.The blond raised an eyebrow. "Have it your own way, Potter," said Draco, grinning maliciously. "If you think they can't spot a filthy fucking Mudblood, stay where you are, I don't mind.""You watch your mouth!" shouted Weasley. Draco rolled his eyes."Don't bother, Ron," he heard Hermione said quickly, seizing Weasley's arm to restrain him as he took a step toward him.There came a bang from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby screamed. Draco chuckled softly."Scare easily, don't they?" he said lazily and still looking. "I suppose your daddy told you all to go and try to hide? What's he up to— trying to rescue the bloody Muggles?""Where are your parents?" said Harry. "Out there wearing those masks, are they?"Draco turned his face to Harry, still grinning."I'm gonna quote the great Leevanna Vaughan... 'At least I have parents'," and he tried so hard not to laugh. "And... Well... If they were there, I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Orphan?""Oh, come on," said Hermione, with a disgusted look at the blond, "just... Let's go and find the others.""Try to keep that big and bushy head down, Granger," sneered Draco."Let's go," Hermione repeated, and she pulled Harry and Ron up their path again.A sarcastically closed-mouth smile decorated his face as he looked at the ground again. He then frowned.Why the fuck he had said that?Granger was a filthy Mudblood, he shouldn't bother if she died or not that night. "Stop saying that word," Leevanna huffed rolling her eyes before hitting him with her book. "Have a civilised conversation for once, bottle blondie."

"But you despise them too," he said narrowing his eyes at her.

"Yeah, but I have manners, I'm a Queen, remember?" she said raising an eyebrow teasingly. A deep and frightening sound made him look up quickly and he observed better what was happening a few metres where he was: explosions, people screaming and running, fire, green lights.Leevanna's voice repeated in his head. "Killing someone or something innocent doesn't make you better than anyone else in this damn world!" He shook his head kicking a small stone softly with his shoe.God, he despised her voice. It drove him bloody mental.It was cold, her voice was very cold.But it had this thing... Something in it that was reassuring and sweet at the same time—       I really pity you, said again the voice in his head, already tired and angry.He closes his eyes for a moment and feels his jaw clenching while the sound of her voice shoves itself down the deep, dark sea.When his parents found him, he decided not to ask anything about what happed before, he just remained silent, that was the best and he knew it. It was always the best. ༄ The first of September, when all the students were getting off the Hogwarts Express, Draco left the train quickly as his fingers ran through his hair.He didn't understand why, but he was kind of excited.He did not want to be excited. He shouldn't be excited.But he couldn't help it.        The sea. The flower book. The trunk.He looked for the white hair of a specific girl and when he saw her, that feeling he had felt a few days after kissing her, invaded his body.Yep, he really despised her.Leevanna Vaughan stepped off the train with complete serenity, her gaze was low, looking at where to step so as not to fall. When her long hair accompanied her walk, Draco couldn't help but frown: instead of a completely white pure hair, from below half, her hair was completely black.The girl began to walk as if the place belonged to her, which attracted many glances to her and also some murmur, surely due to her hair and how fucking awesome it looked on her.Behind her, Lhu came down, and then a tall, dark-skinned boy followed: Blaise Zabini. The black-haired guy, who had changed a lot during summer, hurried to put a smile on his face and reach the white-haired girl, after that he tried to place an arm on Leevanna's shoulders, but she simply looked at him confused and separated from the boy remaining on his side only. She didn't want to be touched.The green-eyed one placed a devilish smile on her lips and as she walked, she winked at any boy that crossed in her way or moved her hair gracefully with every step and movement her hips took.What had happened to the girl's life in recent months? And since when she was like that?Leevanna, after the kiss with Malfoy, had returned to the empty and cold mansion she tried to call a home.She hadn't managed to reconcile the dream in an entire week — more even — since every time she closed her eyes the image of her and Malfoy kissing appeared in front of her.She hadn't stopped touching her lips in all that time.And she despised it.She had even brushed her lips with toothpaste and soap so many times to remove that ghost of his cold lips touching and breathing her.Though it hadn't worked.It had just caused that tiny wounds and scratches make presence on them making blood sprout and her blood-rushed flesh to burn.As the days passed, her father had told her to resume her self-defence classes and the ones that would help her to be inside the Ministry of Magic. And that was exactly what she had done — as always her father ordered something, although she had also had her moments of fun. When she was alone at home, she took the opportunity to get out of there and walk all over Wiltshire, or England itself, sometimes she went to Diagon Alley or Hogsmeade, other times she used Apparition — an ability she had learnt from Severus the last summer and then took the exam few days after that — to go to London or Salem in United States — where all her offspring had started. Other times she visited Lhu, but for a short time because her parents would tell the green-eyed's that she had been there without any permission.She met a lot of people on the way and certainly didn't miss the opportunity to flirt with a few guys when she had the opportunity.But why?Because she thought that in that way she could freeze all the things in her head and forget the touch of his lips.Because she must not feel.She should not do it. She should not— But it was inevitable. Not even being an extremely good Occlumence helped.She had tried to put everything in a jewellery box and shove the lid rudely as she did with all the memories she didn't want to open again. It had been velvet grey, soft as a feather but hard as a stone. Cold at touch but deep inside is soft and fluffy.Days. She had fucking spent days locked in her room as she tried to put the memories inside.Thick, prowling clouds in a thunderstorm. Like the fog on a winding road, blurring her vision and muddling her sense of direction. As dark and melancholy as the ashes of the people who die in war. But yet so electrifying as the lightning bolts of a thunderstorm.Grey. As mist. As pain.It is like the number 8089. It confuses her with its confusing and strange shape, and weird but rhythmic pronunciation. Eighty, eighty-nine.The numbers are like a riddle. Has to decipher how to make it make sense inside her brain. But doesn't want to.Then it had been the texture and shape of hands. Long. Delicate. Veiny. Soft and yet with a hint of rough. The way they had slid up her face, holding and cupping tightly but yet so careful.Next thing had been lips. Cold as marble or stone in winter and so blood-rushed that it seemed a river of the scarlet liquid. Soft ribbons wrapping her own in a way she wouldn't have ever dare to imagine but yet lived all the time in her mind.She had pushed the pompous memory in its jewellery velvet box. Shoved the lid and thrown it into a deep and dark abysm without hope of recovering it.Fucking days it had taken.And what had happened to her hair? She didn't know either.Two weeks after returning home, she had woke up on a very normal morning and when she saw herself in the mirror she almost shouts out a cry from the fright. She had tried to cut it, but it was impossible, it grew back and it became even blacker.Why did it grow? How did it grow? She didn't have the slightest idea.Her mother hadn't said anything about it, she just told her to leave it in that way and that it was «a disappointment», which left her quite confused, to be honest, but didn't surprise her.Her parents had never told her pretty things as normal ones do — or should do —, they had never had given her affection or something similar. They just bought the things she asked for when she needed them or wanted because of a whim.When she was younger — like eight or nine —, she had had this phase in which she asked for a lot of things until she drove her parents crazy, the most expensive things they could buy. She thought that maybe if she kept asking for more and more, there was gonna be a moment when they started to really pay attention to her or maybe she could fill that emptiness in her chest. But as she grew up and learned more things — especially after that had happened —, she had found her behaviour the most ridiculous thing in the entire world, she had really felt beyond pathetic.The things she asked for were worthless and priceless compared to a real family, with happiness and all. She had learned to expect nothing of her parents more than yells, hits and cruel worlds.And she was okay with that. She did not listen to them, they did not listen to her.In her house, all the people were like strangers, and they were just three and quite a few house-elves they had acquired with the years. Nobody talked to the other if it wasn't required and that didn't happen very often.The house-elves in the kitchen barely talk to her or her parents. Maglor was the only one who did it. Gram, the personal house-elf her parents used since a couple of years, only glanced her every now and then but didn't speak to her if it wasn't a message of any of her parents.Leevanna had become even more rebellious, cold, and heartless. She didn't care any longer about being behind her parents — especially her mother — all the time until they paid her a little attention, she no longer cared about happiness or feeling something in general.She had decided to pack the remainder of both of her parents in a bag of seeds she had also threw to the abysm where many other things were still falling or maybe already hit the ground.She wanted to keep it that way.The kiss with Draco didn't let her sleep, so she had kissed another boy, followed by another and another one and another one to forget. She had done more than kiss even.It had taken a lot for her to let other's touch her skin. She had jumped scared the first times, but she started to relax after that. She was starting to understand that they would not hurt her — she tried to be positive — if they touched her. They would not hit her or something. And she was doing it for a good cause. All just to forget and froze her emotions.She has learned boys love the game and how she shows them heaven and sin at the same. They just want one night of incredible things and a nightmare dressed like a daydream.That helps. She wants the same. Not taking it too far to then go down in flames of unspoken affairs which leave you breathless.Her new conquest was Blaise... It had been a very weird thing, how all started. They had met in Diagon Alley a few weeks ago before school and had a little chat while drinking coffee and buying their stuff. It had ended with them kissing from the absolute nowhere. And he had stuck to her like gum since then, thing that annoyed her all the time but he hadn't seem to understand, or just didn't want to. Though she had specified to him that she didn't want anything serious.That had her in a bad mood.But then she collided glances with a blond she bad known for years now, she felt weird things in her stomach. She didn't know how to describe the sensation. It was like little tickles in her belly which made sparkles appear in her eyes.Both quickly looked away, trying not to think about their kiss and all the things they had said to each other due to anger.God, they despised the other for making them feel weird things.He huffed and slowly looked back at her.She looked back too.And seeing his playful half-smile towards her as he twirled his tongue against the inner part of his cheek, made her heart skip a beat.Yeah, she despised him for that.But couldn't help but genuinely smile and roll her eyes in amusement as she started walking in his direction at a calm pace without repairing that Blaise was speaking to her — she couldn't care less about him, really. Yeah, he was her friend and all, but she wanted to be alone for a moment.When she was in front of him seeing how he smiled at her, she didn't know what to do and neither did he. They were just standing in front of each other trying not to laugh.None of them was used to showing affection in public, what was supposed to happen after that moment?He despised her for having softened him and made his insides feel weird things.And just before Leevanna could even open her mouth to say something to the blond, Blaise put an arm around her shoulders and said hi to Draco, Lhu did the same. The green-eyed sighed and her eye-roll was barely visible, maybe for one time she could let Blaise surround her shoulders."Three months and you're still a twat," the girl said with a smile passing through his side."Three months and you're still a cunt," Draco replied before pulling a strand of hair gently and starting to walk."Oh, piss off, yeah?""After you, then."Maybe, just maybe, that year things would change.Maybe for good, maybe for bad.When they were in the large dining room, Lhu kept asking her best friend about what happened in the summer, or at least the parts she didn't have knowledge about. Leevanna, for her part, responded distracted and her eyes clashed with Draco's eyes every now and then.What the hell happened or was wrong with her? She had never been like that.Both were a little tense and the environment was the same. All the things they had said to each other still remained in their heads, repeating over and over again. They did not know what the fuck to do. They were supposed to talk? To apologise for all the things they had said? To ignore the other? To fight as always? What the fucking hell were they supposed to fucking do?!Fuck's sake they really despised the other."Here your bubblegum comes," Lhu warned her laughing, which caught the girl's attention, who put a face of horror when he saw the dark-skinned boy walking in her direction next to another of his friends."Merlin's beard, do he has a walnut instead of a brain?" the black-and-white-haired one complained before quickly picking up her things and grabbing Lhu's wrist to leave that place and find another one.She had told him she needed space, but he didn't seem to grasp the true meaning. Maybe he didn't want to.Her gaze quickly travelled to the empty place next to Draco's side — it was as if the universe were making fun of both of them — and she hurried to pull her friend to get there quickly before Blaise realized she was no longer in her place."D'you mind? No, obviously not, you love me. Move," she said quickly, pushing Malfoy aside so that Lhu could reach a seat."You can't be separated from me for a second, eh, Vaughan," the blond replied while letting a burst of laughter come out of his lips, she only rolled her eyes in amusement. She took off her middle finger with a sarcastic smile.The environment slowly relaxing between both. The things they had said becoming mutters in the background of their minds which tried to remind them that what they were doing shouldn't be happening."Not that I was Blaise," the girl said without thinking before adjusting the sleeves of her robes.Both glanced at each other when their arms brushed. Both looked away immediately.The dark sea once calm now has violent waves that taunt and threat to let the trunk and key to come out and lie on the black sand coast.The abysm now seems very small. Just a hole where you can see the end and the sun hits as in summer. It hurts.Both close their eyes for a moment. Trying not to let the presence of the other affect them at all. Trying to calm the rough waves and make the hole deeper and bigger.Confusion is like the colour yellow, a bright ray of it and brown spots over it. Brown like fertilizer dirt, dark and with a disgusting smell. It doesn't have sense, the combination of the two colours.One is the rays of the sun. It drives you mad according to how it goes growing every hour. Confuses you when you spend many hours under it without water. Makes your head hurt and throb. Hallucinations start merging with your reality. Doesn't let you think and kills your thoughts.The other colour — in spots like circles — is because of the feeling it gives you smell that kind of dirt. Your nose becomes sensible and you cannot get out the sensation or smell of your brain. It glues at you for a long period of time.Confusion is like number 56. It has the shape of a riddle. Its pronunciation is funny too. And also number 8089. Both numbers make Leevanna confuse and get lost."Stalker problems, Vaughan?" mocked Theodore Nott throwing a small grape at her pulling both teenagers out of her thoughts."The problem is..." She said playfully also throwing him a grape. "That you are not my stalker, Nott.""Salazar's sake free me about that again," the boy said before shuddering. Leevanna took out her middle finger while Draco laughed."What are you laughing at, bottle blondie?" asked the girl with a raised eyebrow."And what did I do now?!" The blond questioned outraged when the girl threw him a grape."Esistere," mocked Leevanna biting a piece of pineapple. She loved to use different languages. Italian was quite her favourite."Tu sais que tu m'aimes," he said raising an eyebrow. And the blond was fond of French."In je dromen," she rolled her eyes playfully before taking another piece of the fruit to her mouth. Dutch was certainly another of her favourites.Both were relaxed again now. All the insults were just whispers and the warnings in that mass full of convolutions which was supposed to control their actions and stimulus, were slowly turning off.The waves were calm again. The trunk where a flower book is keeps being locked and very deep in the dark waters.The hole now is an abysm again. Deep. Dark. Without end. The grey velvet jewellery box keeps falling and she hopes it never quits being drop."You know, they say that when a girl eats pineapple her taste is better," said Theodore out of nowhere making Lhu chock on her pineapple juice."Why am I friends with you again?" said the girl once she could breathe."Because you love me," replied Theo winking at her."False, I already have someone I fancy," said Lhu without thinking before taking a piece of meat to her mouth. Then she opened her eyes realising what she had said."Gringotts is a better place to keep secrets at this point," sighed Leevanna resting her cheek on her hand.She held a cherry from its steam from a dessert that near her and took it to her lips before opening them and put the fruit inside.For Draco, it all happened in slow motion, from when her thin and slender fingers grasped the stem and the way the light of the place reflected on her long and perfect shaped nails, to the way her soft pink lips parted and gave way for the fruit to enter.It had been the most innocent and meaningless act and now his insides were fluttering.Sweet Salazar. He was going mental.Worst of all, his eyes couldn't leave her rosy mouth. Did she even know the things she was doing to him? Fuck with her. The way her pretty lips pressed against the red fruit and slowly glided to taste a piece of the pulp on her tongue and let the rest of the fruit escape was causing him a fever.And he wondered if she would bite his lip the way she did it with the fruit.The also red liquid that the fruit had let out, now stained her lips leaving a wet trail that he could perfectly appreciate discreetly.His insides continued to flutter as she licked her lips with her tongue and wiped away the liquid to taste it inside her mouth. The tip of her tongue sweeping and caressing sensually. Just how she had done when they kissed a few months ago.And he wonders if he kisses her right now maybe her lips would continue to have the taste of the fruit.That night certainly he was going to dream in cherries. Red, brightly and perfect shaped ones."Daphne!" she says with a smile while a trace of dark red keeps decorating her lips. Now he has an excuse to look at the side and glance her for a second. "How was Greece?""Fucking amazing," says the older Greengrass sister chuckling. "Pansy and I went to all the places you told us.""Acropolis of Athens and Meteora were my fucking favourites," says Pansy exchanging her cherries for the green grapes Leevanna has. "The fucking view, Merlin's sake.""You went to Elafonisi?" Leevanna asks before taking another cherry to her mouth. And Draco wonders in what moment Pansy and the green-eyed sit to chat about Greece and its wonders. The raven-hared one nods at the girl's question. "The pink against the electric blue is fucking mesmerising, innit?""We have loads of picture and things to tell you, Salazar's soul," Daphne chuckled. "After the knees up, sleepover in our room.""We're having a knees up?" Lhu frowns."The one in the Room of Requirement," says Draco taking his goblet of pineapple juice to his mouth. And he realises that he just got into a girls-talk. "Friday.""Can we go? Please, Leev!" pleads Lhu grabbing her best friend's arm, shaking her as a way to convince her. "Don't say no! Please, please!" Leevanna lets out a laugh while her hand grabs the table to not land on Malfoy when Lhu keeps shaking her. "I'll do your essays for two weeks! I'll buy you as many cherry liquorice wands and sugar quills as you want! Please! Please!"Draco grins against his glass hearing Leevanna's laugh. And feels stupid."But you go, you know I don't—" she blushes. "You know I don't mingle," her head shakes lightly with her eyes closed for a second before looking at her friend again. "Promenade isn't my thing.""Oh, Gods, don't lie," says Lhu with a raised eyebrow and a grin. "Pleaseee...""Fine, I'll go with you," Leevanna's eyes rolls and she laughs a second. "You're going?"And Draco just realises the question is for him. That she is actually speaking to him. Directly. So he turns his head leaving the goblet in his hand on the table. "Hm?""To the knees up, Malfoy," she says with obviousness. Doesn't believe she just asked him. Directly. "Promenade as normal people and in look of suitors.""Probably," he shrugs. "See you there, Vaughan," he chuckles."As if I wanted to see you," she rolls her eyes again in leisure before pushing him playfully and turning to look at the professors' table.A few minutes after the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang schools arrived and Dumbledore dictated the rules of the contest, Barty Crouch appeared."No student under the age of seventeen shall be allowed to put forth their name for The Tri-Wizard Tournament. This decision is final," the worker of the Ministry of Magic concluded while everyone began to boo and complain."THAT'S RUBBISH!!" The Weasley twins said catching Leevanna's attention.Although The Golden Trio was not entirely to her liking, she certainly enjoyed the jokes of those twins and this year she would not miss the opportunity to get their attention with a joke. She wanted more friends for Lhu and her.After Dumbledore finished saying his speech and the banquet ended, Leevanna got up next to Lhu."I would have liked to have seen you there, Malfoy," the girl said in the blond's ear and winkled an eye while she left."Want to help with an ageing potion?" Draco raised an eyebrow laughing before he rushed to get up and surround Leevanna's shoulders with an arm making her laugh.Blaise looked at them from his seat and wondered why she hadn't taken the blond's arm away as she did with his. ༄ "WEASLEY!""Yes..." Replied the scared boy.Everyone was silent, petrified, except for two teenagers from the Slytherin house, who were trying to contain their laughter due to a drawing they had made of Filch running the same way he had done in the dining room. And also because Moody had thrown chalk at Finnigan."Give us a curse," said the professor. Or Mad-Eye, how the people also know him.Leevanna playfully pushed Malfoy with the elbow and looked straight ahead to pay attention. They were strangely sharing time together. They were quite fine with it, which was very odd."The Imperious curse," answered Ron Weasley, drawing Leevanna's attention, she knew the three too well. Her parents, like Malfoy's father, had said that they had been under the influence of that curse when the first magic war happened.A cruel chill ran through her spine."Engorgio. Imperio!" Moody said pointing with his wand at some kind of spider that Leevanna couldn't remember the name. A few seconds later, the insect was going from place to place making many laugh. "What are you laughing about?" He said in Draco and Leevanna's direction before putting the insect on Draco's face causing Leevanna to shout but couldn't help laughing."Take it off!" Malfoy exclaimed horrified, holding his desk with both hands while Leevanna kept laughing at him and moving her hands to prevent the spider from touching her."Talented isn't she?" Moody continued to move the insect with his wand and take it out of Draco's face, which made him relax and the white-hairy girl tightened her lips so as not to let go of laughter full of mockery. "What shall I have her do next? Jump out the window? Drown herself?" Then Leevanna lost her smile when she saw how the insect struggled not to fall into the water.A painful memory came to her like lightning and left her frozen for a second. Draco, watching the green-eyed girl next to him get lost in her memories, couldn't help but take one of her strands and place it behind her ear gently, which attracted the girl's attention.But she did not get scared when he touched her. Why?And why the hell he had done that? Was everything fine in his brain?She put a half-smile on her lips and they both stared for a few seconds that seemed endless.The texture of her hair drove him mental. Now he did not want to stop playing with it.       Bloody fantastic, the voice in his head said sarcastically."Another... Another... Come on, come on. Longbottom is it? Up," both teenagers looked at the boy, who answered Moody's question with some nervousness."There's the um... The Cruciatus curse."Leevanna lost her smile in less than a millisecond.Pain. Grey as mist. As grief and mourning. Completely opposite from spring but yet to similar a familiar that it is scary.It hurts.The box of the tea set leaves the abysm somehow and opens in front of her in a single second.She sees 8 everywhere. Grey eights."Correct! Correct! Come, come," said the professor while he was heading with Neville to the table and placed the spider in its container. "Particularly nasty. The torture curse... Crucio!"And while the poor spider emitted moans of pain and rolled over on top of the glass, thousands of memories invaded Leevanna's mind, causing her body to get tense and grabbed from the first thing she could reach so as not to shout to him to stop it, and the first thing she found was Draco's wrist.He looked at her confused and saw how she closed her eyes hard while whispering for the professor to stop what he was doing — the shouts of help leaked through her ears.Clearly, all that shouting was her memories, memories that she wanted to forget badly but she couldn't. Though she had the majority of that day blocked, what Moody was doing had been the detonate which made her brain to project her horrible and punishing memories again and again.She quickly let go of the blond's wrist and proceeded to place her hands in her ears to prevent the sound from still reaching her mind. And she feels exactly what she felt in The Room of Requirement months ago when she faced her fear, just that — million times worse. The insect's painful moans were making everything much worse.And she wants to avoid thinking, to avoid seeing. She wants to forget.But it was impossible.The tea set now is open again. Cups shaking. Sweets becoming bitter while rotting.She wants to scream.It is like a bomb. One that just exploded in the nastiest of the ways.Draco frowned more seeing her hands trembling."Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering him? Stop it!" Hermione exclaimed making Moody finally lower his wand.Leevanna knew what was coming next and she didn't want to be there to hear it. Mad-Eye walked with the spider in his hand to the Gryffindor girl's place and placed the insect on top of one of her books.Leevanna begged in a whisper."Perhaps you could give us the last unforgivable curse Miss Granger," the man said, but the girl shook her head refusing to talk. "No? Avada Kedavra!" And, with those words, he killed the insect.Leevanna didn't stand it anymore and left the place quickly without caring about anything. Nobody saw her leave the classroom except for the blond, who didn't say anything to anyone.When the class ended, Draco went out looking for the black-and-white-haired girl and on the way, he asked Lhu if she had seen her anywhere — saying as an excuse they had a project for Astronomy — but she had said no.He did not understand why he was caring and worrying so much about the girl.He despised that feeling.But seeing her in class trying to cover her ears as she implored in whispers for the professor to stop had him intrigued.And worried.God, he despised feeling worried about her.Why. The. Fuck. He. Had. To. Fucking. Worry.That little fucking cunt.He wanted to kill her. Choke her. Stab her. Run her over with a truck full of anvils. Leave her without any fucking air until the light of life left her pretty eyes. He wanted her to suffer the most torturous way of dying, so Avada her was out of the list. Maybe open her up and start pulling her insides out one by one and watch her bleed to death.The boy walked at a brisk but sneaky pace and examined every passage through which he passed to see if the girl was there. He wondered if maybe she was in the girls' bathroom, the one no one went to because of Moaning Myrtle.He released all the air in his lungs when he saw her sitting in the window and Myrtle in front of her while they were talking."It was all my fault," Leevanna said with a broken voice before looking at the glass on her side. "I am a fucking monster, Myrtle.""Don't say that... You didn't want it to happen, it was not your fault," replied the ghost sitting down."I didn't know she was a Muggle-born, I just wanted a friend," the girl continued, unable to prevent her tears from falling. "My father appeared, hit me and said it was a shame, that that was going to be my punishment," Myrtle 'caressed' her hair. "I heard her screaming, begging him, her supplications full of pain, and I did nothing! She was a girl... Just a little girl... And I did fucking nothing! I just stood there! Crying! Like the fucking idiot I am!" The girl cried angrily before hiding her head between her knees. "You don't know how many times more I saw children be tortured, all of whom I had ever spoken to... Killed because of me."Myrtle caressed her hair before turning over and making a sign to Draco to come closer.He doubted it for a moment, but he slowly approached until he reached the girl's place. He contemplated her for a moment and examined every one of her features.What the fuck he was doing? Why did he care so much? Why the fuck was he worrying?        Fucking cunt.And he couldn't help and think that her vulnerability was extremely breathtaking.The way she looked so weak was just — so perfect.It was undoubtedly beautiful the way her tears ran across her face and decorated her eyes leaving her eyelashes wet, like little diamonds decorating her pale skin. Her rosy cheeks and the way her face contracted in pain. Her breathy and little gasps leaving her blood-rushed lips creating a melodious symphony.The coldness in her crystallise look, made her eyes look like a holy stained glass, like those ones in the churches just that even more gorgeous.She looked like a fucking holy grail.She was crying and she looked so... pretty.Seeing her cry was the most beautiful thing in the entire world. And Draco couldn't agree more on that.Though the way she did it, burned every single part of your body, leaving you without any hope of air, fighting to breathe as you gasp and implore her to stop as you cry because she is doing it. As a venom which invades your body and leaves you agonising slowly, punishingly. A beautiful torture that you want to stop.But Draco did not want her to stop...She looked so weak and peaceful... Broken but gorgeous... Hurtful but glorious.Just like ice.He wanted to made her cry every day of his life is she was gonna look like the way she was doing it.Her tears were something similar to diamonds, making her skin shine somehow.        Diamond tears.He was in trance.Internally fighting to breathe again.Just staring at her breathtaking but yet so heartbreaking prettiness."I think a person of flesh and blood is better for this," Myrtle whispered to her before stepping aside so that Draco could take her place. He had only stared her for five seconds which seemed endless.He came out of his thoughts and looked at the ghost as he opened his mouth to say something, but Myrtle just crossed her arms and raised an eyebrow.He sighed lowly.He didn't know exactly how to reassure her, but maybe he could try.It shouldn't be so difficult, right?Nobody had taught him how to do it, but...She — She was crying... He could — He could at least... try.Although he did not want her to stop crying.The blond settled down leaving his legs stretched, then he passed an arm down the black-and-white-haired girl's shoulder slowly. She jumped scared by the action, making him stop at that precise instant.He gave her a few seconds.She looked at him — the tears running down her rosy cheeks as her eyes penetrating him with their crystallised ice —, then her gaze shifted to his arm, and she let herself be guided until her cheek hit the boy's chest.His heart skipped a beat.He... What in the name of holy Salazar was he doing?And why did she keep jumping scared when someone touched her?His body relaxed little by little and his heart started beating normally again as he felt her tiny hands clung to his robes.He was trying.After a few seconds, Draco began to gently caress her hair while humming a tune through closed lips. 

"Bollocks.""I saw you!" exclaimed Theodore Nott in Pansy's direction while laughing."I didn't do it!""Oh yes, you did," laughed Lhu placing all the chess figures to their initial positions."Who cheats in bloody chess?" asked Theo also accommodating the figures on his board."Pansy," laughed Leevanna.The four Slytherin students were in their common room playing Wizards' Chess. They usually did it very often being honest. That day Daphne wasn't with them because she had to help her sister with something."You need to pay," reminded Lhu to the girl with a raised eyebrow playfully and extending her hand."You are not going to read another page of my diary!" Pansy refused."They read mine!" said Theo in a sharp voice. "If you lose, you pay."Pansy huffed doing a small whim."Thank you," said Leevanna giggling when the black-haired girl gave her the grey notebook to start searching a page to read. Before she could even start, all of them turned their heads when they heard a familiar voice."What are you doing?" asked Draco before biting his green apple."You are fucking blind, aren't you?" asked Theo making Pansy and Lhu choke with their pumpkin juice while laughing."He is," laughed Leevanna."Fuck off you two, yeah?" Draco rolled his eyes standing next to Leevanna.A couple of days had passed since Draco had found the girl in the bathroom and had returned her to her room without anyone seeing them. The next day no one spoke of the matter but Leevanna asked his opinion for a prank that she was going to make.She despised him for seeing her in a weak moment. She shouldn't be letting her few selected circle of people to grow.He despised her for making him care and worry. He had no right. He shouldn't think and care about her.But they could not help and smile at each other.It was the weird fucking teenage hormones.Or they wanted to think that. They wished it was just that.Two days after the bathroom thing, she had spoken with the Weasley twins to tell them that an ageing potion could help them; they knew the girl and they liked her being honest, they enjoyed her jokes as much as she enjoyed theirs. And also one of them had a little 'crush' on Lhu. In all that time they had formed a kind of friendship that consisted of making jokes to others, they had even shared the table with the girls sometimes.For her part, Leevanna hadn't left her old habits and had gotten new prey — how Lhu had started calling the boys —: Cedric Diggory. All to forget the weird things a certain blond was making her feel. It had been at the Friday party in the Room of Requirement. Some drinks, funny chat and a little kiss.But, when no one expected it, she and Draco walked around the corridors as if they were the best friends, sometimes he helped her with her jokes, sometimes they were just laughing."You have to drink the Veritaserum," reminded Lhu giving the small bottle to Pansy."Why Veritaserum?" asked Draco sitting next to Leevanna."She's going to read a page of her third-year diary and Pansy needs to confirm," replied Theo drinking his Butterbeer. "They did the same with me.""Bloody hell, Pans," laughed Leevanna reading the page. "November seems a very interesting month here.""Oh, no, no," Pansy hurried after she drank the vial. "Give it back, Vaughan, it's none of your business," she protested trying to get back her diary, but Theo held her."It can't be that bad," the boy said. "At least not after mine."Lhu shuddered. "Poor toothpaste.""You wrote about that?" Draco said laughing and covering his mouth with his arm holding his apple in his hand after he chocked with the piece of the fruit inside his mouth."I was like twelve, get over it!" Theo huffed making a pout.Leevanna made a diabolical smile appear across her face."Here it goes," the girl said. "«Oh dear diary, I met a boy a few years ago. He made my doll heart light up with joy»," she started to say as she mimicked with her hand and everyone started giggling making a flirtatious whistle."Oh, Salazar's sake, Vaughan, shut up!" Pansy exclaimed."Holy hell, Malfoy you have the whole page," Leevanna continued as she read the page smiling, his eyes widened in surprise."The embarrassment," Lhu laughed seeing Pansy."Bloody hell, not even Vaughan," the boy said looking into the black-and-white-haired girl eyes trying to take the journal from her while letting out a laugh, but Leevanna was more agile and continued reading while sticking out her tongue."«Oh Draco, from the first day I saw you my heart beat for you. So pull me closer and kiss me hard»," said the girl imitating the tone of a Juliet in love."Stop it, I— I think is enough," Pansy's eyes filled with worry."Let her finish," chuckled Theo."«Hit me with your sweet love, steal me with a kiss and...»" she lost her smile and lifted her gaze to look, Pansy, who denied with her head begging her with her eyes. Leevanna hurried, opened her eyes and began laughing. "...And forget about Leevanna! She is nothing compared to me!""I was thirteen years old!" huffed Pansy crawling to reach the girl. "I don't like Draco anymore.""Sure about that?" mocked Theo seeing her red cheeks."Very sure," Pansy sighed looking at Leevanna, who was also looking at her. "I drank the Veritaserum, you dumb."

«... And make me not wanna die every day, I'm just tired of all this bullshit called life. Maybe you could make me smile more often, just a silly suggestion. Dad and Mum always say that maybe one day, if I put enough effort, but I think this is silly. So, let's not ruin our strange friendship. I think being friends is enough...»

"Let's go to The Great Hall, my sunshines, the Goblet thing is about to start," suggested Theo ruffling Pansy's hair after a couple of minutes of dedicating themselves to recall some memories they had from previous years.Everyone stood up from the ground and started to walk out of the dungeons."I wish it had been your diary," Draco told Leevanna in the ear making her shudder before pulling one of her strands.He just couldn't stop touching her hair.He despised it."Oh, fuck off," she chuckled. "You cause me neither emotion, Malfoy."Why she did not jump anymore when he touched her?"Are you saying you prefer bloody Diggory? Ugh, you broke my heart into a thousand pieces!" the blond dramatised placing a hand on his forehead before Leevanna jumped onto his back to ruffle his hair.Draco hadn't complained about having to carry Leevanna all that time and even began to spin around making her laugh.It was the hormones, yes... Just that. Hormones. Crazy ones. Which made them do very stupid things. "Oh, Salazar's sake, you are Slytherins, not bloody Hufflepuffs," complained Theo making Lhu and Pansy laugh. He covered his face with his hand. "So fucking embarrassing."A few seconds later the Slytherin group arrived The Great Hall, Cedric's friends started pushing him to put their name on the goblet. The Hufflepuff boy winked at Leevanna once he placed his name, she just rolled her eyes in amusement and settled next to Malfoy, who placed an arm around her shoulders unconsciously.It was at that moment that the Weasley twins entered the room as everyone cheering them with laughter and applause."Did you make it?" Leevanna asked them with an excited smile and they nodded."Cooked it up just this morning," Fred said before they both drew hearts with their fingers in Leevanna's direction, which made her laugh and stick out her middle finger. Malfoy just smiled watching her cross her arms and rest her head on his shoulder."What am I? A pillow?" Draco said raising and eyebrow as the twins headed towards Hermione Granger."Yes, you are," sighed Leevanna before opening her eyes. "Now, shut the fuck up that I want to sleep.""No wonder why," he mocked. "I just remember seeing you sleep once, I swear.""I'm a very busy person to sleep.""With what if I may ask?" His eyebrow raised."Want to know my schedule?" He nodded and she started counting with her fingers. "Eight o'clock, drown in my tears. Ten thirty, stare my prettiness in my mirror. One PM lunch with my sadness, I've been cancelling it and I can't do it again. Three o'clock, finish reading my new book. Five thirty, anxiety crisis. Six fifteen, create imaginary situations in my head. Seven forty-five, try to commit suicide. And... Piss off Malfoy ocupes all day — Oh! And stare at the ceiling and slip slowly into madness from ten o'clock until the morning."And his smile widens as he tries not to laugh. "Vaughan," and he chuckles, "everything fine?"And she tries not to laugh too. "Of course is everything fine, I just want to kill myself, I don't see a problem."He nods pressing his lips and looking somewhere else before staring at her again. "Never so same.""I know right?" She chuckles. "Now we are suicidal partners," and both hit their fists playfully."Not even two months of classes and we have to deal with their suicidal shite already," huffed Theodore before taking a piece of pineapple to his mouth."You love us, Nott!" said Draco and Leevanna making hearts with their hands."Nah, I love my mother more."His group of friends turned their heads looking at him confused for his comment."Dammit, guys, it was a joke," he rolled his eyes playfully. "Stop looking at me like that! I— I'm not the one having lunch with my sadness!""Touché," giggled the green-eyed girl before crossing her arms again and rest her head on Draco's shoulder as she watched the Weasley twins shook their potions."Ready Fred?""Ready George.""Bottoms up!" the two said before drinking all the liquid from the jars they were holding, then they jumped into the circle and everyone started clapping.Once they put their names inside, a blue flame came out of the goblet in their direction, leaving them out of the elderly with beards and white hair. Both began to laugh while touching their beards, seconds later Dumbledore himself appeared and laughed before telling them to go to the hospital because there were several with the same problem, he also told them that their beards had been better.In the Thursday afternoon, Dumbledore announced the champions."The Durmstrang champion is... Viktor Krum!" He announced once he had the paper in his hand, then another light blue paper came out. "The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur Delacour," the Beauxbatons girls started to cheer as Fleur walked up. "The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory," all the pupils began to congratulate him as he stood up to go with the other two champions.While Dumbledore kept talking, Leevanna did a pout, frustrated with herself."You have butter hands," laughed Pansy seeing her complicate herself with the wand movement Malfoy was teaching them."Don't make fun of me!" The green-eyed huffed before throwing the wand again. "I fucking quit.""Merlin's sake, even Nott could do it," Malfoy rolled his eyes taking his wand from her hands to show her the movement again."That's an insult or a compliment?" Frowned the aforementioned."Vaughan — I swear to God," said Draco running his fingers through his hair before sliding his hand through his face in exasperation. "You just have to roll the fucking wand through— No! Between your— I fucking give up.""My hands are less than the half of yours!" She bit out."She's useless sometimes," said Lhu playfully, covering her friend's ears for her to not listen. "Have her a bit of patience.""Give me your fucking hand," Draco growled taking Leevanna's hand and placing the wand between her fingers and guiding the movement. "Now, you move your wrist at the same time as your fingers."His soft and icy skin merged with the coldness hers had. The yolk of his fingers pressing softly the sides of her wrist while his index finger reposed over the back of her hand.He clarified his throat lightly and lowly, leaving her skin without his touch so slowly that it could be confused with a caress."Like this?" She frowned doing what he indicated."Fucking finally," he huffed when she could move the wand between her fingers. "And she is the smartest one here?""I had to do your Herbology's homework last week because you don't know how to differentiate plants, so shut up, twat," her eyes concentrating in her hand's movement before creating another finalising with Malfoy receiving a hit on his head with his own wand. He took off his middle finger.Then, out of nowhere, a red flame came out of the goblet expelling another paper."Harry Potter?" They all started looking at each other's faces looking for the teenager. "Harry Potter!" Dumbledore exclaimed for the last time. While the boy was walking, they all began to boo him. ༄ "Rubbish."She took her middle finger to her mouth to lick it and remove the chocolate as Lhu rolled her eyes and give her popsicle the last bite."Girl — I literally know you like the palm of my fucking hand," the brunette raised an eyebrow after swallowing. "You're not fooling me.""I'm not falling head over heels for him or anyone else, ew," Leevanna frowned and ran her fingers through her hair. "We literally despise each other, just— ew.""The way that you look at each other," the curly-haired one replied, "plus you've been really close to each other lately.""Because we have the same friend group, duh," replied the black-and-white-haired rolling her eyes. "You and I hang out together all the time with Fleur and you don't go around saying I have something with you or her.""Uh, and I thought we were lovers," said Lhu faking being hurt."Silly," Leevanna giggled before looking up and meeting Draco's eyes, who raised his eyebrows playfully at the sight of her. She rolled her eyes teasingly before she lowered her gaze and bit her lower lip."See?! That's what I mean!" Lhu exclaimed when she saw that both were staring at each time and her friend bit her lip smiling. "Now you're all red." "Lhu! Shut up!" Leevanna replied with a laugh before taking one last look at Malfoy, who rolled his eyes at her teasingly, leaving a smile on his face when she raised her eyebrows.God, she despised his smile.        Loathsome bastard.But she smiled back."Ugh, fine, but if you two get married you have to put me as a godmother," then the green-eyed one laughed louder, shaking her head in amusement.A few seconds later, both paid attention when they heard the voice of a blond:"Why so tense, Potter?" Malfoy said sitting on the top of a tree as Harry tried to ignore him. "My father and I have a bet you see. I don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in this tournament."Leevanna followed him with her eyes, it was then that Lhu took her hand to get a little closer and Draco jumped to get down."He disagrees. He thinks you won't last FIVE," he finished making his friends laugh."I don't give a damn what you or your father thinks Malfoy!" Potter replied angrily as he started to walk towards the blond and then shoved him away. "He's vile and cruel, and you're just pathetic," he finished turning to leave. "Pathetic?" Malfoy muttered angrily before pulling out his wand but was quickly interrupted by Mad-Eye, who pointed his wand at him and turned him into a white ferret."I'll teach you to cast when someone's back is turned!" said the man approaching the little animal. "Stinking... Cowardly... Scummy..." he cursed as he made Malfoy fly in the air."Professor Moddy!" McGonagall exclaimed arriving quickly on the scene. Several students had already approached and were now laughing. "What are you doing?!""Teaching," Moddy replied casually."Is that— Is that a student?!""Technically, it's a ferret," the ex-Auror said before opening Goyle's pants and tucking the little animal into his pants. Leevanna couldn't stop laughing. After a few seconds, in which Crabbe had tried to get the animal out of his friend's pants, being bitten in the attempt, McGonagall pointed her wand at the animal that was already in the leaves and turned it into Malfoy again.The blond got up from the ground traumatized, as well as dishevelled, and turned around quickly, scared to see Moody. "My father will hear about this!""Is that a threat? Is that a threat?!" Leevanna held her stomach when she saw Mad-Eye chasing after Draco and he ran for his life to not be transformed again. "I could tell you stories about your father that would curl even your greasy hair boy!" the man exclaimed as Draco sped out of the place at lightning speed with his friends behind. "It doesn't end here!Leevanna took Lhu by the hand pulling her while she laughed to go after the boy and tease for a while, but in the middle of the hall, she stopped and stayed completely paralyzed.Fear.They were there."Oh, Merlin!" Lhu said laughing without realizing what was happening. "Did you see Draco's face? I'll never forget— Hey, are you okay?" she asked seeing that she no longer had a smile on her face, then she turned her head to see what she was looking at. "Oh... Hello, Messrs Vaughan."Lhu understood why her best friend looked so afraid."Lhu, dear," Leevanna's mother, Neferet, greeted her back."I'll catch you later," the green-eyed one murmured to her friend, Lhu nodded before waving goodbye and running to catch up with Malfoy.Leevanna looked up and held it back as long as she could as she followed her parents into the facility.She was afraid.  An hour later, when Leevanna left the room were her and her parents had been a few seconds ago, she cleaned the small tears on her face quickly when he saw Severus Snape approaching them.She lowered her gaze, standing behind her parents, trying to hid."Severus," greeted Nicholas Vaughan, curving up one side of his mouth as a smile — a sarcastic one.The black-haired man looked at him and then his gaze drifted to the girl behind them — to her red face and dry tears. She looked away quickly trying to avoid his eyes and putting enough pressure on herself to resist his attempt to use Legilimency. Fortunately, she succeeded."Miss Vaughan, may I have a—""She is not talking with you," interrupted Nicholas as a malicious grin decorated his face once more before looking at his daughter. "She is going to study, right Leevanna?"The girl gulped."Y-Yes," she nodded jerkily. "I-I can't talk, I'm going to— To— Study," the fear growing in every word as the air became scarce. "I-I have to— To go, now. If you excuse me," she said quickly and stuttering, without looking up trying to avoid eye-contact and hurrying to leave the place."What did you do to her?" she heard Severus voice further as the tears flooded her cheeks while walking. "What... Did you do, Nicholas?""Me?" she heard her father's teasing and sarcastic voice, almost outraged. The girl's mother reminded silent, as always she did when her husband talked. "I didn't do anything to her. That she is just a ridiculous crybaby all the time, showing weakness, is different."Leevanna closed her eyes tightly, not wanting to hear any other thing from his mouth.        You are weak, Leevanna. Weak.She kept walking.        Your father is right. You deserved it. You deserve everything that's happened to you.Her jaw clenched, savouring a sour taste in her mouth with every tear that pooled her eyes.        You are a disappointment.When she arrived the Slytherin common room, she was received with the laughs of people still making fun of Malfoy. She hurried, avoiding making any type of eye contact and heading directly to her room."My Ice Queen!" laughed Theo from the couch. "Finally you're here. Want to give a commentary about our ferret?"She closed her eyes tightly. Ignoring him and everyone."Leev?" called her Lhu, frowning softly. "Leev, are you—""LEAVE ME ALONE!" she shouted scaring the fuck off everyone present. "LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!"Her cold eyes threw millions of imaginary ice floes when she turned her head to face the group of Slytherins. Everyone froze, frightened. Nobody saw the tears. It was as if they really had been hurt by the ice."Leev..." mumbled Lhu trying to approach."DON'T FUCKING TOUCH ME, YOU HEAR ME?!" Leevanna yelled again, walking backwards and making Lhu give a small jump for the fright before she nodded.And she left the place without saying a single more word, leaving everyone froze in time trying to process what had happened."L-Lhu," Theodore babbled. "Are you... Are you okay?""Yeah... Yeah," the girl nodded turning her head to look at them. "Just... Try to keep your distance from her from now on until I told you otherwise."On the other hand, when Leevanna arrived her room, she fall on her knees crying.        Weak. Weak. Weak!The air becoming even more scarce.        You look fucking pathetic.She was drowning.         Pathetic."S-Shut up," she whispered running her trembling fingers through her hair, pulling it a bit as she tightened her grip.        You deserve it."Shut up," it was barely audible. She could not breathe. The grip on her hair became stronger.        You didn't do anything. As always."Shut up," her voice drowned and she gasped, closing her eyes tightly as the tears rolled down her face.         That's why she is dead."Shut up!" she screamed letting a cry out of her lips as her shaky hands pressed the sides of her head strongly.         It is your fault."SHUT UUUP!" she yelled throwing the first thing her hand caught to the wall. ༄ Anger.What is anger?How does someone describe anger?That feeling when you want to destroy everything in your path, take it out on anything that crosses your sight. If it's a person that made you angry then you want to hurt them or never see them again or blame your self and start hurting yourself. It is a big adrenaline rush, a negative kind that climbs your insides, poisons your soul and burns every flower on a garden where the happiness rains and the hope shines.When you feel your face heating up and all your muscles in your face moving in the middle of your face and grind your teeth or start screaming.A way to do it could be: water-skin filled with water bursting to get out.That's a very good way to describe anger in one single sentence.Anger makes us do actions and say things we wouldn't if we think with our head cold. That is anger: fire.Fire puts things out of control. Makes you see enemies when they are shadows. Revolves your mind and plays with it, wrapping your thoughts and controlling them like puppets.Fire destroys everything.Suffocates you until you die because of asphyxiation and the sound of screams of implores faded away with black smoke in your lungs.Fire doesn't let you think. It embraces you in the shadows of despair and breaths that don't exist, implores that take your life away, wounds that don't heal even with time.In a world where the landscapes are skies and rivers of anger, Hate is the king that isn't going to stop being a tyrant and the oblivion is the only way to escape in a hope of forgiveness. The fire is the air, has no mercy and its price is so high that you prefer let it wrap you in death.Fire could be beautiful, its flames dancing and illuminating your oath when monsters lurk. But careful, because fire can burn the wood you use as a torch. It laughs at you until it reaches your skin and your eyes are wide open.Nobody is safe from it.Fire is no ally.But then yet dragons are.Sure when it doesn't come to a couch."It is mine," she says, jaw clenching. "Move the fuck now.""And who are you, by the way?" he scowls at her. "You own the common room?"Her face grows rosy due to the anger inside her tiny body as her eyes narrow at him every second. The air is tense and she can swear she feels the skin of her knuckles breaking. Maybe is her imagination.It is her armchair. Hers.She is possessive with things that are her property. She was the one who brought that armchair from Borgin and Burkes. It is hers. He is doing it to bother her, she is certain.Though she doesn't really know why is she fighting for an armchair. It is an armchair. There is plenty of those in the enormous and fancy Slytherin common room where she can sit and read. But she wants that one.And curiously he wants it too.It had been a coincidence. Both were distracted and had collided by chance when they tried to sit.It was a simple armchair.And the air was tense.He also doesn't know why he is fighting with her in the first place."I brought that armchair," her tone is low, dangerous."And I brought those," he points at the two armchairs a bit far away from them, "and you sat there one week ago.""It is mine," she bites out. A snake ready to nail her fangs and inject her poison."It is a fucking armchair, there're lots of them in here," he says tightening his grip on the book he has in his hand."Then you can sit on them," she says raising her chin to glare at him more. She has to look up due to her height. "I want this.""Bad luck," he grins bitterly. "I want it too.""Malfoy," her tone becomes cold, frightening, but not for him. "It is mi—""Yours, yeah, yeah," he rolls his eyes. "Stop being a baby and move that I want to sit.""Excuse you?" she breaths a laugh that is very much bitter before returning to her cold voice. "It is mine, what is mine is mine and if I want no—fucking—body sits here except me.""Vaughan," hot air leaves his nostrils. "Move.""No.""Salazar's sake, how childish can you be?""I don't care," she bites out again. "It is mine. Mine. I want to sit, you move.""I was here first," he narrows his eyes at her, starting to get out of control. "So fuck off and fucking mo—""My armchair!" her voice raises. "Mine! So you fuck off and move.""I don't see your fucking name on it," he bites out. Another snake ready to fight and nail his fangs to inject venom."Fucking move!"   "NO!"And a lamp explodes. It draws all the attention of the people in the place to them. It was common to hear and see them fight, but the sound of things being broken was not a good sign."It is mine! I want to sit here!" she was mad, her voice was a warning of a war that nobody wanted to be enemies of. "So move your arse somewhere else!""Bad news!" his voice is loud too. Another warning, more war. Snakes are bitting and fighting. Venom is being released. "I want to sit here! So you fuck off! Move, you whore!"Another lamp breaks."How fucking dare you!" she pushes him, rudely, with anger. "This is my armchair! So if you want to sit, seek another! You fucking tosser!"Two goblets made of glass explode."Don't fucking touch me!" he shoves her off too, with more force that he meant, but doesn't realise. "You filthy slag! You seek another fucking armchair!"More glasses make explosion."You don't fucking touch me!" she pushes him away again, with more strength. The two snakes letting venom escape like rivers, trying to bite and wound. "I don't want your filthy wanker's fucking fingerprints in my clothes!"Vitrines explode and break, there's glass everywhere and the people is trying to protect themselves. One student has run without them realising and is searching for professor Severus Snape. No one is trying to interfiere because they now they could and would got hurt if they do. Snape is the only one who can calm them."And I don't want the traces of a fucking cunt in my clothes!" he pushes her too again. His muscles are tense and the rosy colour has climb his neck and is reaching his face. "Fucking move! NOW!"Everything trembles, books falling from shelves and porcelain sets of tea jump over the tables, lights turning on and off, glasses shaking warning they would break. The air is tense. Hot. Fire is taunting."I told you NOT to touch me!" she yells pushing him once more. Air has grown thick and is hard to breathe, for everyone.Maybe they are not snakes anymore. Maybe they are two dangerous dragons fighting for dominance. Letting hot air leaves their nostrils and fire escape their mouths."If you fucking put a fucking finger on me again I fucking swear you do not count the fucking next one!" her throat burns for the yell she just let out."What?! What the fuck are you going to do if I put another fucking finger on you?!" he is yelling too, more deep and louder than her. "What the fuck are you going to do, Vaughan?!"Don't fucking provoke me, Malfoy!" her finger points at him. "Do NOT fucking get me out of my fucking senses!""OR WHAT?!" it had been an armchair, just a piece of fabric. "Tell me what the fuck are you going to do! You fucking coward cunt!""SHUT THE FUCK UP!" just a place to sit. "I told you NOT to provoke me!""Why?! Because you are ALL TALK?!" he yells. "You are a fucking coward, don't you?! You are not going to do fucking ANYTHING! You never do ANYTHING!""FUCKING SHUT YOUR FUCKING FILTHY MOUTH!" and she didn't mean to use a hex that started leaving him without air."Mis Vaughan," the voice of Severus Snape snaps her out at the second one of the hex.She has turned her face to him, all stops shaking suddenly and the air is breathable again.The blond has turned his face to the professor too, breathing heavily due to the recent event."Mister Malfoy," says Severus calmly shifting his eyes to now look at him. "Could you care to explain what is happening?"Both teenagers look at each other with elaborated breathings and chest lifting and descending heavily.It was just an armchair."Well?" Severus raises an eyebrow. Both keep being in silence, narrowing their eyes and willing to start a fight again. "Nobody is going to talk?"Leevanna turns her head again, and it must be her now crystallised gates of soul because Severus sighs."Mis Vaughan, please follow me," says the Potions' Master. "And Mister Malfoy, your mother is waiting for you in my classroom."The green-eyed is the first one who starts walking with her book glued to her chest and embraced by her arms tightly. The blond follows the path once both are already far away passing a hand through his hair before huffing.He turns his head once in the hallway. Through his ears leaks the distant voices of Leevanna and Snape. The first one keeps talking angrily and accompanying her words with hand-movements, the second has his arms crossed over his chest and speaks calmly.He can't hear very well because they are very far away but it seems that she is explaining what had happened. His eyes catch how her body is shaking and her mouth lets escape ragged huffs.Her trembling hand passes through her hair and before she could fix her gaze on him when she turned her head, he was already walking away to meet his mother.It had been just an armchair. ༄ "Now, because you're useless," began the professor, hands behind his back, fake eye moving, "we're going to have a little duelling class."Draco twirled his tongue against his inner cheek. His arms crossed over his chest and body leaned on the column at his side. Theodore and Blaise are near him, chatting with Lhu. His eyes go back for a second, glimpsing Vaughan, who is silent and with her gaze lost on the floor. Her hands are covered with black leather gloves.He looks away. Doesn't know what else to do to stop looking at her.A couple of days had passed since their fight over the couch."And... Vaughan and Malfoy, whatever," says the professor catching both's attention in a second. "You two first," the blond clears his throat and walks towards the middle of the classroom. She is following."Fuck," whispers Daphne. "Is this a good idea?" she asks lowly towards Lhu. Her eyes seeing both of her friends position themselves."Why?" frowns Theodore."They fought over a couch a couple days ago," mutters Lhu seeing both bow to initiate the duel. "This is not a good idea.""Wands at the ready."Leevanna's eyes don't leave Draco's for a single second. Eye-contact is tense, just like the air around them. Her grip on her wand is tight. The leather making friction with the wood."One... T–""Levicorpus!" he says and the ray almost hits her."Stupefy!" her voice is loud, her ray does hit him, but he is in his foot in a second."Depulso!""Expulso!""Everte Statum!""Flipendo!""Rictusempra!"She conjures luminous green Gytrashes from her wand with the Gytrash-conjuring spell. It sends him several feet away as he protects himself. Her breathing is elaborate. Just like his. Both have a tiny sheet of sweat on their foreheads."Expelliarmus!" but his ray doesn't touch her."Immobulus!" he dodges it with a shield-spell that sends her a few steps back.Between growls, pants and gasps, they continu to trow spells, jinxes and hexes left and right with the hope of hurting the other.Everyone was staring at them. In shock. Protected by the shield Alastor Moody had put to prevent injuries."Impedimenta!""Incarcerous!""Protego!""Locomotor Wibbly!""Stupefy!""Locomotor Mortis!""Petrificus Totalus!""Reducto!""Protego!""Ventus!""Protego! Levicorpus!""Stupefy!"All the presents keep quiet. Ice Queen and Slytherin Prince keep fighting.And her pink-full and sweet lips mouth the letter C. Like a ghost it crosses her mouth. A few close wince, covering their mouths with their hands.He doesn't step back. Not a wince, not the slightest grimace of fear about the word — And... The first three letters of the word also ghost his own lips.It burns, her throat. A gasp with the hope of air and breath leaves her mouth. As if she was drowning in a dark-blue mass. She couldn't even say the first two letters. Isn't able to breathe.He has gasped loudly two. Now he is panting. Also drowning in a dark aquamarine sea that sinks him deeper. Pulls his feet and grips his skin.None of them could complete it — they have gasped too loud before they could continue."Not in my classroom," says the professor ending with their duelling.But both teenagers do not listened to him — they had stopped, yes, fortunately, but the sound just did not leak through their ears.The hate smells in the air. It is dense and tense. It has been released. Broke free from them as if chains have been holding them for two long.But then — them their eyes fill with tiny tears only noticeable for themselves.Her heavy steps leave the classroom as the professor continues talking and the next couple steps at the front to duel.His steps are the next ones to leave. He hears muffled sobs far away and his hands wipe the salty water on his cheeks before heading towards the dungeons. ༄ Draco got up from his bed at midnight and scratched one of his eyes while removing the sheets from him.Sleeping didn't look good in recent weeks, he usually stayed up all night and thought about things... Memories, more than anything.In the last two weeks, he hadn't talked to Leevanna, in fact, they avoided each other as much as possible and even made hurtful comments to each other — like the ones before summer vacations, as if they had gone back to those years where they couldn't stand the other and were mean.They had even fought for a couch for Salazar's praised sake.Although it hadn't been the worse... The duel... Salazar's soul. They did not look at the other since that.She had become so strange since Potter's name was announced as one of the champions of the tournament and Moody had transfigured Malfoy into an albino ferret — the people still made fun of him for that and the fucking pauper Ron Weasel-Bee called him 'The twitchy little ferret.'The black leather gloves kept embracing her hands.He hadn't seen the girl cry or smile, she was just quiet or irritable. Lhu was the only person who could barely get close to her and be at her side — even though Leevanna ignored her most of the time or closed her eyes tightly when she approached.There were moments when the white-haired one became so cruel that she made the person in front of her cry just because of looking at her.Yesterday, for example, a first-year Muggle-born had made her fall by crashing with her in one of the corridors, and Cedric and Theodore had had to step in and grab her from behind by the shoulders so that she wouldn't choke or kill the poor boy after telling him that he deserved to die.Why? Nobody knew but that had scared the fuck off everyone — because she had not reacted like that since first year.The blond left the common room and headed to the school garden, he could use some fresh air. He stopped when he saw a fairly familiar hair.Why his heart beat a bit faster? He did not know.The girl was sitting where she usually did, wearing a green silk shirt pyjama that fit her like a dress and her gaze was lost in the starry sky while the air of that night made her hair float. She was not wearing the black leather gloves.Draco frowned when he thought he saw that the black in her hair had risen, was that even possible? Then he looked down to find strands of hair laying on the floor along with scissors. But the girl's hair was still just as long.Leevanna turned when she felt someone's gaze, but hid her face in her hair. She didn't say anything, but she didn't dare look at the boy without having her hair covering her face. When the wind blew hard, her hair turned sharply away and revealed what she was trying to hide: her eyes were so swollen and red that you could barely make out the green iris. But that didn't stop them to reflect pure ice and coldness.That she was so coldblooded most of the time, was one of the many things he despised about her."Go away," she told him in a cold tone without looking at him."No.""Go away, Malfoy," she said again even colder, turning to look at him. He remained in his position before waving his wand and removing all the strands of hair from the ground."I'm not going away.""Go the fuck away!" and her tone was as cold and hurtful as an ice floe."And who the fuck are you tell me what to do?""Oh, so you want me to complete what was about to say in the duelling?" Her voice was bitter and cold, defensive, as if she was a wounded animal trying to defend herself."Do it," he bites out. "I fucking dare you to do it," and there's again, the despise in his voice.She lets out a chuckle, filled with deadly — oozing sarcasm as she looks at the sky again. "I'm not wasting my time with you.""What a miracle," he says matter-of-factly. "I thought you were braver, Vaughan.""Looks who talks about fucking bravery," her eyes connect with each of his again. "Should I remind you third year?""Oh, you say it because all the things I said to you?" A bitter chuckle breaks free from his lips as his hands enter his pant's pockets. "Because I haven't changed my mind.""You think I give a fuck about how you called me? Ha," she looks away again and shakes her head in disapproval. "I have heard worst things.""Like what?" His eyes scolding every part of her. "That you are a disappointment? That's how your dear daddy calls you, or am I wrong?""Don't fucking talk about my family," her green iris meeting his blue-grey."I think disappointment is too low," he continues, ignoring her warning. "I think I've heard another... How was it? That you are a fucking shame? That you are nothing? That you deserve to be punished?""Stop it," she roars. The red veins in her eyes becoming stronger."Ow, am I hurting you, Vaughan?" He mocks. His eyes move up and down, staring with despise."'A Mudblood," she speaks again, her eyes burning every part of him, lip quirking up on one side. And she smiles fully. "I cannot believe that a filthy Mudblood cunt is better than you', that's what you father said to you in first year," and his eyes acquire a hurt colour as he thinks that he had never heard her use that word before.And her eyes shine.She knows how to fight him back."'A disgrace for the Pureblood offspring'," she knows she is hurting him. "Tell me, Draco... How is it to be less than a filthy Mudblood? How is it for you that your parents love more someone else? How does it feel knowing that someone is fucking better than you?"He doesn't move a single inch — all she can see for a second is the slightest flicker in his expression.Both are hurt now, the same level. Wounded animals who just act the way they do to defend themselves. But none of them show it — how their chest hurts for their words."You are really a fucking cunt," and a sarcastic sideways smile is decorating his face. "A fucking cunt who just wants attention, hiding behind that empire of ice you say to have.""And you are a piece of shit who wants to control everything, deeply knowing that he's just like his father," she smiles bitterly too. "Can you go the fuck away now?""I don't see your fucking name written in this place, or you own it?" She glares him, not wanting to admit he's right."You are stubborn, aren't you?""Just when I want," then he sat in front of her shrugging, and after bending one knee and leaning his arm on it, he said: "When I got sick, Mum was the only one who stayed with me all night to make sure I was okay. It's one of the few moments where I was happy.""Why are you telling me that?" she asked stroking the flowers that she had grown in the undergrowth near her.He didn't know exactly why he had told her that either, it just came to his mind and left his lips inevitably.He shrugged before standing up and starting to walk, then stopped and turned his head."Are you coming or waiting for a handwritten invitation?" he asked her, she stood up a bit slowly and walked behind him until they reached the centre of it all. Draco sat on the grass and then leaned his back on it, Leevanna mimicked his action and they both stared at the stars in silence for a few minutes.And they know they are hurt. They know they are just hiding behind the cruel words they said moments ago just for defend themselves.But they just — they forget about it."Father hit me," she said out of nowhere as she looked up at the stars. "It was last week," she sighed. "In some way or another, he found out that I've been running away from home all summer and that I've been in the bed of half England... Mum did nothing, just stood there, watching, as always," she finished and realised that she hadn't shed a single tear as she spoke. "I had the mark of his hand for three days," she laughed placing her hands on her abdomen.Why she had told him? She did not know."And I thought you were all red because it was passing in front of you," he laughed in the same way, no one turned to see each otherDeep down, Draco knew that if he looked at her he would see himself and he didn't like that idea. He did not want to start letting his barriers fall. But with her, he felt so safe...Fuck's sake he despised feeling safe with her.He despised her because he told him things that nobody knew about him.Why she had to be so cold and warm at the same time that made her just the perfect place to be in?On the other hand, Leevanna knew that if she looked at him she wouldn't be able to avoid shedding tears and she did not want to. He had seen her cry, a few times now, but she didn't like the idea of being weak and not being able to control her emotions. She didn't want to let her selected circle to grow.She despised being so weak in front of him, for Salazar's sake.She despised him because no one was supposed to see her like that, no one was supposed to know about all the things she had been through.She despised not having the fucking control of her own fucking emotions. She despised all the emotions.Why he had to cross all her barriers effortlessly? Why he could touch her?"You wish," she replied rolling her eyes. "I can transfigure you into a ferret, huh," she said playfully."I'm still traumatised, please no," and both teenagers laugh."Twitchy little ferret," Leevanna mocked."Oh piss off. I can make your teeth grow again.""Please, no."Both remained in silent again after a soft giggle broke free from their lips."How do you do it?" she asked."Do what?""Don't break every time your father says something to you.""Same question.""We are both so broken," she sighed lowly, guiding her gaze to the stars that illuminated the sky. Draco sighed looking one star in particular.He was the first to turn his gaze and observe the girl's profile, then she turned her head to meet the boy's blue eyes. They didn't realize they were so close to the point where their noses were touching.Why their skins had to be so soft?Why they just couldn't be separated?Why they had to feel?Why she wanted to kiss him?!Why he wanted her to ask him to kiss her?!Why. They. Missed. The. Other's. Lips. So. Fucking. Much.God help them."Draco..." she says lowering her gaze to the blond's lips.Oh, God, she despised everything about him."Hm?" he replies imitating the girl's action, both looked into each other's eyes.He fucking despised her sweet lips and the way they said his name."Kiss me..." She whispers lowering her gaze again while the boy's lips were slowly approaching hers until they were on hers. His lips were just as cold as hers.It is the first time she acknowledged that kissing him was... different — quite addictive.Kissing him was neat — crisp and briefly, every movement having meaning and at the same time no, every touch placed where he wanted it to be and where it had to be — And why? Why he had to touch her? How could he touch her?Kissing him was dark and demanding.His bold tongue and bloody adventurous fingertips which had no shame in touching every part of her.She'd never imagined Draco Malfoy could kiss like that — the way he kissed her.She had actually never imagined kissing him — not for a tiny little second — And now... Now she could not imagine why not.Why hadn't she ever thought of Draco in that way? She had really never done it — she had never agreed out loud when some Slytherin girls talked about him and how handsome and a lot more things he was —, but, even being completely foul-tempered, stubborn and crass and with that despicable attitude of his that drove her mental, there was never a conceivable way to pass off his looks as conventional.He was tall — taller than most of the boys she knew and had known and a lot more than her — she was like a goblin by his side. His icy blue-grey eyes which seemed to be teasing all the time — looking with superiority. His arrogant smile.He was alluring — there was no doubt in that.Since her second year she had heard a lot of girls talk about how good he looked in his Quidditch robes or riding his broom in the games. She hadn't agreed, because she wasn't interested in anything related with boys and she made potions all the time and barely had time to socialise — to be with Lhu — but then — then her third year had been different.Her third year had been the first time she saw him with messy and long hair. Her third year had been the first time she paid attention to the girl-talk most Slytherins had in the common room while eating candies, how they said that he had changed a lot since the last time and how many girls liked him more now. Third year had been the first time she paid attention to the aristocrat movement of his hands and how his fingers ran through his hair when he was frustrated or bored. That year also had been the first time they spent a record time without fighting and being able to get along and that had felt... Good — very good.That bloody year had been the first time she had really paid attention to him and the things he did — little details she had noticed about him. Little tics he had. Little actions she had discovered.In that year a lot of weird things had happened.Third year had been confusing.She had tried to avoid it, really. And she had succeeded it — until he stole her first kiss before summer vacation and removed all her quiet life in once.Her upper lip fell between his, making a small sound, like a breathe.Then his lips pressed it making another small sound. Her lips tasted so good.Yeah, he despised them.And she despised his lips too.Leevanna quickly changed her position and ended up sitting on him — she doesn't know how she did it, how it seemed so easy for her leg to surround him — but — now — now she could feel him better. Draco, once seated too, sweeps his hand beneath the curtain of her hair, surrounding her throat. He took her by the hips, pulling her closer to him and then slid his hands under the girl's shirt without stopping kissing her. She had shuddered a bit but did not say anything.He was kissing her gently, carefully and slowly trying to touch and feel every part of her soft skin — But it was not gentleness what she wanted. Not now. Not never. Not with him.   "I hate you," she breathes in his mouth before giving his tongue a lick with hers, meeting like two old friends.   "I hate you, too," and now their foreheads are pressed. And that's the last sip of air before two mouths find each other in a mortal fight that feels like a dance between two enemies.And the word tastes sweet in their mouths, feels like the air of spring hitting their faces.She knotted her fists in his shirt, pulling him harder against her, hearing how a soft and low groan drowned in his throat.She feels the rational thoughts escaping — fading away as smoke. Everything feels dazedly.And the second kiss is not gentle anymore, is... This kiss is kind of hatred.This kiss is the despise both had for each other, because they know they are hurt, that they are wounded animals that just want to keep hurting each other to know who breaks first. This kiss is the bitter savour of the words they just said and how it itches because it seemed to be a placebo of sweetness, is the hollow ache in their chests and the bells of betrayal because they promised themselves they would resist and yet here they are.Kissing each other.She tangled her fingers between the boy's blond hair and a current invaded her body when she felt the boy's arms circled her body, gathering against him before his cold fingers climb up her back and draws her closer, even more, pressing her against him as if he was dying of cold and she was the most warmest thing on earth, as if he tried to keep her there forever — making her last forever. His hands moved up and down the length of her back, the need to touch every part of her was all consuming him — and her body seemed to mould against his as if she were liquid — ice melting.Why she was not pushing him back?She just lets herself lose in the surface of the sensations that travelled her body, sounds start flooding back to her. She loses herself in the scent of his subtle and intoxicating cologne.His hands — cold and long far too real, far too low on her hips now as he pulled her as closer as posible. His hands were long... Delicate.There would've been no way for her to know in the past two years how smooth and delicate his fingertips were — as if he was touching some kind of Chinese porcelain — and she would have not wanted to know it either, never — but after feeling his hands trace her naked hipbones after slipping slowly beneath the waistband of her mini silky pyjama shorts... She was more than lost. Just like she had been when his fingers had caressed her cheeks.His mouth, frozen on the outside but hot and warm within — kissing her — feeling every part of her lips and its taste, caressing her with every part of him, his hands, his fingers, his tongue, his lips, his eyelashes — and then she knew that he was as lost as she was."Fuck, I'm freezing," he said between kisses making her laugh.Then the girl took him by the hand as he got up and began to run with him through the corridors of Hogwarts until they reached the Slytherin dungeons.It was the boy's turn to pull the girl up to his bedroom."Muffliato," he muttered pointing his wand at his roommates."Protego Totalum," the girl also murmured, surrounding the boy's bed with her wand.After a few seconds of silence, Draco was the first to approach her and grab her by the waist while bringing their lips together.Why her lips had to be so fucking perfect?Leevanna stood on her tippy toes to reach the boy and be able to get her fingers in his platinum blond hair and feel how he held her tighter before sitting on his bed, she straddled him and clung closer to him feeling how the blond left small kisses all over her neck — his tongue tracing, flowing up and down slowly for the veins in her neck, pausing now and then so that he can warm her pale skin with his blood-rushed lips — nipping a bit, softly, delicate. He was right below her ear making his breath collide. His hands pressing her skin.Why his lips had to feel so fucking awesome?And she realised that she would have never imagine been kissed like that — that she had never been kissed like that and — and she wants to be kissed like that... Like a woman.And he realised it, what she was thinking as if he could read her intriguing mind. And he knows she should be kissed that way — the way he was doing it — but only by him. She tasted too good to let others get intoxicated with her venom.Draco quickly shifted position, laying her onto the bed gently and him moving between her legs.To be honest, neither of them wanted to go any further, they just wanted to feel the other's lips on theirs. They both looked into each other's eyes, their noses brushing. The green-eyed one took the boy by the cheeks and brought her lips together abruptly as she felt the blue-grey-eyed one reach his hands under her silk nightgown and cling to her waist.She allows a little subtle sound escape from her lips, a small sigh against — in his lips as they kiss when his hand slid down again under the waistband of her shorts, returning up again and caressing her abdomen's skin.They had no idea how long they kissed — morning could have dawned for all they knew — before the two of them slowly parted, panting, as they looked into each other's eyes; he placed one of the girl's strands behind her ear. He could see a pretty blush staining her cheeks and his chest swelled with pride and suddenly his heart lightened.Maybe he wanted to let his barriers fall.And maybe she didn't want to control her emotions.The same shit, they despised the other and themselves too.It was the fucking teenage hormones.Just that.The two teenagers lay next to each other face to face, he held her by the waist with one hand and she clung to him by the collar of his shirt. As they stared at each other, they both closed their eyes little by little, falling asleep seconds later. That night Leevanna had no nightmares and Draco was finally able to fall asleep. 

"Wait."Leevanna rolled her eyes in annoyance, placing her hands over her naked abdomen.Boring.Her tiny body only covered by her lace bralette and panties being illuminated by the room's light and the green humid glow from the windows.Maybe she could open one of them and let all the water from the Black Lake flood the room — maybe in that way the situation would be more interesting and she would've fun.She pressed her lips avoiding think about it anymore and not laugh. It'd be so fucking funny.When Adrian Pucey began to spread kisses down her neck again, she let out a small sigh from her lips at the same time her back arched a bit for the boy to continue his sloppy and sticky journey — she was serious and the situation was slowing her down... Or maybe it could be that her mind was elsewhere.Somewhere between the warm and coldness of a pair of blood-rushed lips.The boy positioned himself between her legs and caressed the outside of her thighs gently — too gentle, too delicate, too slow. She didn't like it. None of his touches was where they were supposed to be and he pressed too hard, too inexpertly, almost hurting her. And his hands were a little sweaty."Ow," she mumbled when his hand pressed her hipbone so hard that she thought that maybe he'd literally broken it."Sorry," he apologised, removing his hand and placing it on the curve of her waist. He actually was not touching — pinching was the adequate word.She didn't say anything, she didn't emit any type of sound — not a single gasp or groan when she felt the hardness between his thighs pressing one of hers and then her belly, rubbing — and her mind wandered about what they would serve for dinner that day. Maybe she could ask Fleur to join Lhu and her in their trip to the Hogsmeade's spa in two days. That would be fun, her sister could come too, she was so lovely.She was so lost in her thoughts that didn't know at what moment Adrian's lips met hers, she felt nothing — her flesh did not prickle or tingle. She didn't even feel his lips.But that didn't stop her that, from the second she felt how his hand was going further and almost reached the edge of her underwear, she placed her hands on the boy's chest trying to stop him. He removed his hand and placed it on the bed. His lips approached—"Stop, stop," she snapped rudely, pushing him with her hands as he tried to kiss her."Why?" he asked breathlessly into the girl's ear as he kissed her neck and she tried to get away from him. She was getting scared. Very scared.He — He was forcing her — she — she did not want to be touched — No. He — He needed to stop. It was too much, too much, too much—"You don't like it?" he continued hearing her let out a moan... Although it hadn't exactly been that — the little sound she had made, had been a gasp of terror, feeling the air failing her while her hands trembled and her chest contracted.She could not breathe — She could not —"Stop it," she ordered feeling his hands taking all over her body as he slid his tongue through the skin of her neck — she started panicking. "STOP IT!" she yelled rudely before pushing him hard and getting off the bed quickly to start searching for her clothes.She couldn't go through with it, she just couldn't. No one else was going to touch her, no, no one else.It was too much.Too overwhelming.Too many memories.She would find another way to freeze her emotions — if she wanted that.Adrian, almost naked, was confused seeing her quickly put on her clothes and leave the room without saying anything — not even a wave of goodbye or anything.She didn't want to be touched, by anyone or anything. She was actually thinking about wearing black gloves again. She was feeling disgusted with herself. It was too much.Terence Higgs, Cedric Diggory — well, he did not count, he had not forced her, it had been just kisses and a caress on her waist —, Durmstrang boys and the list went on, but with none had it gone beyond kisses and caresses with their bodies naked until she pushed them away yelling that they had to stop. She reacted too aggressively sometimes.Yes, she definitely remained a virgin, only that the rumours were distorted depending of who was telling them. The boys said that she was heaven — that her skin was so soft that you couldn't  stop touching, but they didn't dare to say that she threw them out of her room if they tried to touch parts of her body to which she didn't give any type of access — or she left their rooms without saying a single word.But she didn't like the word 'virgin', not because she was ashamed of it or something. It was because, for her, there was no difference between a woman who hadn't had sex and one who had, at least not a biological difference. Mentally maybe, but biologically talking, both bodies were the same.Just Lhu knew that she hadn't had sex with anyone and she wanted to keep it that way because it was no one business either. What happened to her body was on her own and no one else's.She huffed and descended the few stairs that separated the dorms from the common room and grabbed one of her strands roughly to start braiding it.Why didn't she say anything about the rumours? Even her parents had bought the story. Her father had even—"Bad mood?" The girl jumped in fright before rolling her eyes in amusement. Draco Malfoy had cornered her. The blond had his left hand resting on the wall blocking the way of the girl, he looked at her with an arrogant smile, her short stature made him have to look down and her to look up.She despised when he did that.Why he could be so close and not made her push him away like with the others?The pieces of the puzzle in her brain doesn't make any sense, making fun of her as she uses all her ability to try and think, decipher the correct answer."You give me a bad mood," she replied, sticking her palms to the wall as his breath barely collides with her face. "You always give me a bad mood."He huffs out a breath as he chuckled — it sweeps down across her face, ice-cold and spiked with some kind of a mix between apple mint and lemon balm — it is fresh. He's sucking on a little one, almost imperceptible because it's almost finished. She can see it now that he is closer, she can see the way he rolls it around under his tongue, melting and reducing it to nothing.And she discovers herself paying close attention to his mouth."You weren't saying that last time..." He said playfully making the girl roll her eyes again. His fingers over the wall spasm lightly and barely visible when the urge of wanting to touch her — and her soft curls — colonises his mind. Like venom.She was venom for him. A sugary one."Piss off.""What? It's the truth" the girl couldn't help but laugh before shaking her head. He was talking about their kiss.Their kiss — Both — Plural."Stop it, Malfoy," she replied."Why? Making you blush?" he inquired bringing his face close to hers — alarmingly closer."You wish," the green-eyed one muttered in response, holding her gaze — trying to hold it."You have no idea," he whispered, then they both just looked into each other's eyes without saying a single word, just hearing their breathings and getting lost in the colours of the other's eyes.Both despised the other for making them feel things — weird things... But they had decided to live with— No. They could not live with that.It had been a couple of days since their... moment — as a way to call it — and they just couldn't stop staring at each other like two idiots, the tension was so much that it could be cut with an axe — what's more, the poor axe would break and then explode. And when they were half an inch from bringing their lips together again—"Leevanna! I've been looking for you for ages! Fleur and I— I interrupt?" Lhu inquired with both of her eyebrows raised, seeing how the blond pulled his hand out of the wall while trying to hold back his laughter and her best friend pursed her lips avoiding to laugh too, pulling a strand of hair behind her ear.Both look away from the other instantly, as a slight and little blush rose their cheeks."Next time you won't escape me, Vaughan," Malfoy said to the girl in the ear before taking a green apple from his robes and giving it a bite, then walking in the direction of the boys' dorms, where Leevanna'd been moments before, not without saying goodbye to Lhu first. Leevanna only bit her lower lip before sighing and starting to walk towards her friend."So, you and Fleur...?" she asked crossing her arms trying to change the subject quickly as they both started walking towards the exit."Forget Fleur, what the hell was going on there?" she asked, interrupting her friend's path. Lhu had a mischievous smirk as her eyebrows raised up and down repeatedly, playfully."Nothing," she answered bluntly before smiling and walking on. "We were playing, that's all," she finished causing the curly-haired one to roll her eyes."Yeah right, plAyIng," she laughed knowing that Leevanna wasn't telling her anything for the moment.But she'd still question her until she spilt it out — she always did that.Both girls continued walking through the castle corridors as they talked, Fleur Delacour and other Beauxbatons girls with whom they'd become quite close joined in the way. ༄ "Bets! Bets!" said Lee loud enough from the people who were far away. "Make your bets!""What are we betting for?" Asked Daphne frowning softly as she approached the Gryffindor."Wizard's Chess Tournament, my dear serpent," Lee smiled proudly. "Three Weasleys versus our Ice Queen.""That's even a bet? Is obvious Leevanna is going to win," she raised one of her eyebrows playfully."That's because you haven't seen a Weasley in chess before," he winked at her making the Slytherin girl laugh."The Weasleys run this school in chess," the voice of Hannah Abbott made the two fix their gazes towards her. "But Leevanna Vaughan is a fucking queen in it.""The Weasleys are really that good?" Asked Daphne frowning softly."Well — You haven't gone to the lions' tower before, so you haven't seen them play yet, it would surprise you how good they are," Hannah chuckled, crossing her arms over her chest."George and Fred beat all the Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs in the tournament after Christmas, remember Hannah?" Said Lee smiling towards the Hufflepuff. "It was epic, I swear I saw people crying.""Oh! I remember!" Laughed the girl. "And both were gambling with chocolate frogs!""And then Ron beat like three Ravenclaws after winning over the lions and badgers.""The best way to spend a whole weekend," Hanna chuckled smiling. "But Leevanna isn't far behind, at least the times I had seen her she's win.""She beat Malfoy, remember?" Said Daphne. "He is the best in Slytherin — well— was.""And I also heard she beat half of the eagle side," recalled Hanna and Daphne nodded proudly. "Bet between the both is gonna be difficult.""I'm going for our Ice Queen," Daphne sighed as she looked for the sickles inside her pockets before turning her head. "Astoria you want to bet too?!" "Bet for what?" Sighed the girl approaching and keeping her book in her bag. "The chess tournament?" The four nodded."Weasleys or Vaughan?"Asked Lee."Don't put me between the sword and the wall," she chuckled. "I'm going to go for Vaughan," and she looked for the sickles too."I'm going for the Weasleys," shrugged Hannah handing the money to Lee. "Or can I bet for the two?""Just one of them, my dear friend," smiled Lee."Oi, the tournament is going to start," said Isobel MacDougal approaching next to Lhu. "Woah, the bets are — Woah," her eyes widened as she saw the amount of money and bets the Gryffindor had."A Ravenclaw speechless? That's something I'm going to remember for the rest of my bloody life," laughed Lee."This whole thing is epic, enough to leave an eagle without words," chuckled Isobel. "Have you seen all the people in The Great Hall?""I swear they seem bloody maizem, they multiply every second," Lhu ran her fingers through her hair before crossing her arms over her chest and leaving a smile on her face. "Half an hour ago they were like 100 and now most of the school is inside, without mentioning Beauxbatons and Durmstrang.""Where are the Weasleys and Vaughan? I thought you were with them," frowned Daphne surrounding her sister's neck with her arms from behind as a hug."The redheads are eating, as always," laughed Lhu. "And you know how Leev is, she's in the girls' lavatory alone as her brain works.""Shall we going?" Said Astoria looking at her wristwatch. "Ten minutes before it starts.""Oi, little bitches!" Called Theo from the hallway. "Minus Astoria, she's a princess," he chuckled. "The thing's about to start and we need the presentation!""Holy fuck, that's my part," hurried Lee giving the bet's box to Lhu before starting to run towards The Great Hall."Let's go, we need to find seats," sighed Hannah passing an arm over Isobel's shoulders to start walking.Meanwhile, on the girls' lavatory, Leevanna Vaughan laughed."I-I swear I'm crazy," she laughed again with her hands supported on the edges of the sink before she took a deep breath. "Ah, calm down Leevanna, this isn't the time to think about your death."But she could not help but laugh out loud when the image of her being run over by the Hogwarts' Express with her wearing a maid's costume invaded her mind."Leev? Leev are you here?" she turned her head still laughing when Lhu's voice leaked through her ears."Here," she breathed leaving a smile on her lips as the curly-haired walked in her direction. She laughed again and held her belly not being able to avoid repeating over and over again the image of few momenta ago in her head."Why are you laughing at?" Lhu chuckled."Nothing, stupid shite," Leevanna breathed still trying to contain her laugh."Are you ready? It's only in five minutes," sighed Lhu untying her robes."I don't know a single chess movement," Leevanna laughed again."What— Leevanna — Leevanna what the hell?!" Lhu's eyes winded open making her friend laugh even more. "Are you joking with me right?""Nope," the black-and-white-haired chuckled before she looked at her with a smile. "I really don't know anything," she sighed happily, intertwining her arm with her friend's and both headed towards The Great Hall.Lhu sniffed her friend when both were going through the doors."Are you— Are you drunk?" The curly-haired asked frowning confused."Yep," Leevanna laughed. "Hello, everyone!" She greeted enthusiastically, letting go of her friend's arm and walking among the tables to reach her seat. "Merlin, I love your skirt, where did you get it?" Her eyes sparkled seeing the skirt one girl of Gryffindor was wearing."It's Muggle made... From a shop in Hogsmeade...?" Replied Katie Bell frowning confused. Leevanna clapped her hands happily and nodded before continue walking.Lhu blinked repeatedly still in shock."What's wrong with her?" Asked Blaise looking confused at Leevanna, who was making a first-year boy Ravenclaw give a dance spin as she laughed. "Since when she's so... Cheerful?""She's drunk," muttered Lhu getting out of her trance."She's what?!" Blaise's eyes winded open abruptly as he turned to see her. "You are joking, right?""And the moment we all been waiting for..!" Lee's voice made the two Slytherins turn their heads to look straight. "...The Wizard's Chess Tournament!""Is Vaughan okay?" Asked Draco Malfoy frowning when Lhu and Blaise arrived his position as he crossed his arms over his chest."She's drunk," said Lhu and Blaise."Who's drunk?" Asked Pansy arriving her seat next to Theodore, who was taking a piece of his sandwich to his mouth."Vaughan," said Blaise and Lhu again."Sorry— What?" Draco's eyes winded open as he turned his head to look at them and then at the black-and-white-haired. "She's— what?!""Okay, Ice Queen, first you go with George, heads or tails?" Asked Lee as the girl sat down in front of her best friend's boyfriend."Tails," she smiled looking at the chess pieces with fascination.Lee threw the coin to the air before catching it and revealing the results. "Tails.""Oh— but I don't want to be the whites," she complained. "Can I be the blacks and Georgie the whites?"Everyone present look at each other confused. Lhu, Draco, Pansy and Blaise hit their foreheads with the palm of his hands as Theo laughed."What the—" Lee mumbled. "Mate? O-Opinion?""Leev, everything okay there?" George chuckled taking a piece of chocolate to his mouth."I'm drunk," she smiled proudly."Okay, you may start then," laughed Lee and everyone went silent.Now, let's see what the hell was happening with Leevanna Vaughan, also known as the Ice Queen.Why was she drunk? Simple, she had mistaken a bottle of Fire Whiskey with one of juice because she was distracted. She had realised her mistake almost when she had finalised the bottle — she had thought the juice hadn't had any sugar or was a mix of citrus. But she had not stopped drinking after finding out.'Fuck it' had been her majestic words as she shrugged and took another long sip of the liquor. After two bottles, she was making jokes about ducks using maid's costumes."And... Checkmate, George Weasley," she smiled and clapped after her bishop made the last move."Ten fucking moves — How the actual fuck you beat someone in ten bloody moves?!" George said outraged and redoing all the movements as she laughed."Ice Queen wins!" Lee's voice raised among all the people cheering and clapping. "Come on, George, don't cry mate.""Oh, fuck off," George complained in a whim. "But— Congratulations, little cinnamon," he said extending his hand towards the girl as they both stood up and he chuckled. And she was drunk, she didn't even think about it, she just shook her hand with him."Freddie, if you will," Leevanna said as she made a messy bun with her hair and raised her eyebrows repeatedly in a teasing way"She's going to destroy me," he pouted and sat down as his brother laughed and drummed his head with his hands."You may start," said Lee laughing.An hour and a half and seven moves later, Leevanna was eating Jelly Slugs. "Checkmate, Fred Weasley," she smirked playfully. "For the sixth time.""I swear to fucking Godric— My dignity...""Yeah, I just stepped on it," she shrugged taking another of the yellow jelly slugs to her mouth. "Where's Weasel-Bee?""Here comes the real thing," said both twins as they looked at each other with raised eyebrows.Ron gulped."Mate, she can't beat you, she's drunk and you are the best in this," said Finnigan giving him two blows on his back. "Two galleons on you, yeah?""Yeah, yeah, she can't beat me," said Ron secure of himself and running his fingers through his hair."And... You start... Now!"Leevanna and Ron shook hands before both sat down without looking at each other. She took another jelly slug, this time green, to her mouth. Her gaze fixed on the movement Ron Weasley, being the whites, had just made, initiating the game. The pawn on E2 to E4.       We're playing like Grandmasters then, her own voice said in her head with an internal grin.She moved her piece. C7 to C5.And the alcohol mixed with sugar in her systems tripled all her senses, allowed her brain to imagine the millions of tactics and movements she could use in a matter of milliseconds. The pieces moved in her brain as her eyes did."G1 to F3," said Ron watching the knight move through the board."D7 to D5," everyone was expectant, seeing other of the girl's pawn move.Millions of eyes looked at each other, some people had small boards and moved the pieces as both teenagers said, because they were too far away to see. There was a lot of people.Twenty long minutes later, Ron looked up at her and his mouth opened: "B1 to C3."She looked up. "E5 to D4," and the pawn kill Ron's knight.Both looked down again, thinking about their next movement silently as everyone preset looked at each other. The only sounds that are being listened were the fire starting to burn the wood in the fireplace and the crunchiness from the plastic bags of candy or the maizem."F1 to A6," Ron's bishop moved after good ten minutes passed. He looked up at her again.She took her time, giving permission for her brain to do a few dark-humoured jokes about the situation as she let another ten minutes pass before she looked up at the boy in front of her and spoke again: "G8 to F6," and Leevanna's knight moved."A6 to B7," and everyone began to murmur when the redheaded's bishop killed the girl's pawn.None of them without looking away from the other's eyes. For the first time, Ron didn't feel afraid of her eyes and was able to look directly at the pretty colour her iris had. And maybe it was because Leevanna wasn't trying to intimidate him, she was actually reflecting happiness instead of those ice floes which hurt."F6 to E4," two minutes later, her knight killed his pawn. The murmurs growing."B7 to C8," his bishop killed hers."D4 to C3.""And you're telling me she's drunk?" Pansy whispered to Lhu opening her eyes when Leevanna's pawn kill Ron's second knight seconds later she said the letters and numbers."C1 to H7," said Ron killing the girl's pawn with his second bishop."C3 to B2.""She isn't even looking!" The raven-haired whispered again."Wait— now she's looking," whispered Lhu seeing both teenagers concentrated on the board again."A2 to A4," Ron's pawn moved."Why— Is she laughing?" frowned Blaise and Daphne nodded confused."I think that—" Pansy smiled.Ron's face pale as his lips whispered a 'Fuck.'"Queen to C3," Leevanna said taking the last jelly slug to her mouth."She just—" Daphne smiled too."Checkmate, Weasel-Bee." ༄ The 24th of November, the day of the first task for the champions, Lhu tried to convince Leevanna to tell her about her and Malfoy, but the black-and-white-haired one kept telling her over and over that nothing was happening. Both girls were walking with their arms intertwined as they talked, although rather Lhu kept questioning Leevanna.The girl didn't know what to answer anymore, she didn't want to tell her about the 'moment', at least not yet. She was still trying to figure out how to live with all the things she was feeling — or how not to live with that. How give the slightest sense to the messy puzzle in her brain.Gods, she despised feeling so much.On the other hand, after the Wizard's Chess tournament, she'd fallen on an adrenaline state that made her play chess with everyone who was present and she won the ninety per cent of the games, that ten per cent had been with her and her eyes closing every second after her adrenaline lowered one moment to another leaving her beyond tired making her deconcentrate and loose against a lot of people. She didn't remember most of the things the next day thanks to the alcohol and sugar that had been in her body but Lhu had made sure or telling her everything as they ate ice cream.When they arrived at the place, it was beginning to fill up little by little and the screams of excitement already filled the whole place. The Weasley twins appeared behind both girls and took them by the shoulders as they usually did.A few weeks ago George and Lhu had started dating officially."Would you like to make bets, beautiful ladies?" Fred asked with a smile in Leevanna's direction."I bet on you," the girl replied with a funny wink before he tried to hug her. She pushed him a bit before taking air deeply and surround his waist with her arms. She needed to stop doing that with her friends.Both twins treated her like a little sister, they always played pranks on Snape between the three of them and whenever they could they got high in the Hogwarts gardens and then go to class and laugh at anything or anyone."You melt my heart, but I'm really into brunettes," replied the redhead, putting an arm around her shoulders and drawing her closer to him.She was trying to relax and not shudder.       He would not hurt you, Leevanna, calm the fuck down and stop jumping, said her conscience."Let me guess... Angelina Johnson?" she asked causing the redhead's cheeks to blush slightly, she broke out of his embrace with her eyes and lips wide open. "I knew it!" she exclaimed happily before quickly clapping her hands three times. "George Weasley stop snogging with my best friend.""You have eyes on you back or what?"A few minutes later, the twins said goodbye to the girls as they were going to continue looking for people who wanted to make bets — plus they had already convinced the girls to bet on Fleur.After the first trial was over, Leevanna'd ran up to Hagrid to ask him to take her to the dragons and he had accepted for her luck, so she was in a good mood.She loved dragons.They reminded her herself.And the dragons which had been brought from Rumania were the same ones she had had as pets when she was younger. She had re-encountered with three of her children — how she called the beasts.In the night, Leevanna made sure no one was following her and ran away from her dorm with a pack of fags. This time she didn't go directly to the garden, instead, she took another path so that she could reach The Astronomy Tower.She liked how quiet and peaceful that place was and she could smoke weed in peace.It was already starting to get cold so that night she was wearing loose black pants and the Slytherin sweater, which wasn't even close to being her favourite. Green wasn't so much to her liking unless it was on satin or silk.Once she lit one of the fags George'd given her hours earlier and leaned against the railing, she slowly took a long drag, retaining it a bit inside her lungs before she let the smoke out of her lips enjoying the taste of the weedhitting the inside of her throat."Boo!" then she jumped when she felt two hands grab her waist from behind."Merlin, you almost gave me a heart attack," the girl said with one hand on her chest before pushing the boy with one of her hands, he just laughed, although there was something in his voice that wasn't right. "Are you okay?" She asked when she saw him lean his arms on the railing and guide his gaze to the stars.Internally, she did a face-palm for worrying about him."Worried?" He replied letting out a weak laugh without looking at the girl. The blond shook his head slowly before removing the fag from the girl's fingers and taking a drag. "Have you ever tried so hard to please someone, but for them it's never enough? It's like— you try so hard but you know that person is never going to feel proud, but you never stop trying because you hope that one they finally realise it."Silent.Leevanna didn't know what to say, though she knew he was referring to his father. It hadn't been so difficult to guess, because she knew some dark secrets about Draco for previous years just as he knew some of hers.The girl took the fag from Draco's fingers and took a long drag on it before letting out the smoke.She couldn't say she understood, that would be hypocrisy — she hated hypocrisy.Her parents had raised her to be perfect and they had succeeded — although they hadn't even done it for themselves — but they never asked for something more, she never showed them anything and she didn't try to please them because they'd done cruel things to her — especially her despicable, cruel and narcissist father — and she just didn't care about them anymore. She actually never talked with or about them. They were strangers living in the same cold house.The white-haired one wasn't talking well of her parents the way Draco was talking about his mother and how wonderful she was. She didn't have a mother to accompany her every night that she was sick, she was always on her own.Her parents had even wanted her to be born? That was something she didn't know and sincerely preferred not to ask — because she already knew the answer, nobody'd told her, she just knew it."No," she finally answered sighing. "But I'm still going to listen to you.""Why?" he asked bringing his gaze to the girl's profile. "Why would you listen to me?"And she thought the same thing.She wasn't the kind of person who knew how to express her own emotions and now she was cheering up someone else's to do it.The irony.But then she remembered all those nights when Lhu'd just listened to her — her insecurities, thoughts and fears, things she'd been forced to do and see, the things she'd been through, the nightmares, the screams and... Her... Then Lhu always gave her a tight hug — after Leevanna agreed — while saying how much she loved her and how important was for her that she trusted her.Well, Leevanna wasn't going to hug Draco and tell him how much she cared — because it seemed quite stupid — but she could try and listen to him.God knew why the fuck she was caring.But she was doing it.And only holy Merlin knew how much she despised him for making her worry."Because I know what it's like to have no one when you need to talk about your demons, I know how is to be alone," she confessed looking back at him and giving him a sad smile. "Don't become an ice floe, Draco. Not you."Why she had said that?She hadn't had the fucking slightest idea.That night, both of them sitting near the railing while they slowly finished their fags, Leevanna began to listen to Draco: his problems, his insecurities, what made him angry, what made him smile, his escapes. She saw him hold back the tears in each sentence, then watched them fall little by little as he told her his fears. She hadn't interrupted him, she didn't want to, she liked hearing him speak. He wasn't cruel, he wasn't bad, he was just broken.And she despised him for that.If he was bad, maybe it would be easier to convince herself that she should not care and worry.But he wasn't bad — nobody was completely bad really, everyone had a fucked up past behind which made them be the way they were. Although there were little exceptions — there were people who were really bad and had no intention to change.There was a difference, between being bad and wanting to be bad. At least for her there was one.Being bad, for her, meant that one person had problems, wanted to hurt people on purpose and enjoy the feeling of it. It meant that one person did bad things to satiate their hunger of power — but the bad type of power, the one which made someone be above everything and everyone without caring what they had to do, not caring how much people they could hurt or kill on the way. Also wanting to be the heroes, knowing that they were the opposite and nobody could change that because they didn't try to be better and the actions of the past — and their past itself — couldn't justify their actions.One clear and specific example was her father. And all the people who were in Azkaban and had committed horrible crimes, people who killed and tortured innocent humans and animals just for fun.Wanting to be bad, for her, meant that one person tried to cover his or her feelings and put a lot of barriers so as not to be seen as weak. It meant that someone wanted to hide behind a façade of arrogance and roughness to feel strong and in control of themselves, to have the power of controlling the things they felt because of past traumas. This people weren't the villains but they weren't the heroes either, they didn't want to be the ones who saved the rest because it wasn't how they were and because of that they were tagged as the bad one, but they weren't, they were just broken.One example was herself. And Draco. And a lot of people she'd known throughout her life.On the other hand, Draco never felt more confident about opening up to someone than he'd done with her — not even with his own mother. Leevanna hadn't said anything, she just looked at him and chuckled every time he said something funny. He was grateful for that, he was grateful that she hadn't interrupted him or judged his thoughts. He knew that it wasn't going to be so easy for her to do the same — and he didn't know if she felt safe with him — but he understood that, and mentally he'd promised her not to become an ice floe.When he'd finished venting, she had simply put her hand over his before intertwined them and smiled softly at him. Then he knew that she was just as broken as he was.And he despised her for that.He was letting his barriers fall... And somehow he wasn't complaining at all. Why he wasn't complaining?It was the muggle-weed in their systems.Yeah, that and the bloody fucking teenage hormones."Can I tell you a secret?" the green-eyed one said several minutes later. Both had their backs leaning against one of the columns at the side of the railing, their legs were stretched out and their hands were still intertwined. He nodded before looking down again and continuing to caress her hand with his thumb. "I'm still a virgin.""What?" he replied with a frown and looking up again to find that the girl was laughing.He had heard a lot of boys of their school-house talk about how she was in bed — the way she kissed, the way she moved, the way she let small sounds escape that pretty mouth of hers. And he'd felt — he'd felt angry about that.Though didn't know why. He'd just felt that. Like a sour flavour in his mouth and a little sharp pain in his cardia.The thought of someone touching her soft skin and entering their filthy hands under the fabric of her clothes made him angry. Knowing that someone else had touched and tasted her cherry syrup and honey flavoured lips made him angry. Knowing that she'd made those subtle sounds with someone else, knowing that someone fucking else'd kissed her the way he had, made him angry.He had no right, he knew it. But he couldn't help it.And now... Now she'd just confessed that no one had touched her skin or heard that little and small purrs she made when they'd kissed.Relief. He felt relieved."Don't— don't tell anyone," she asked, unable to control her laughter."So all the rumours are fake?" he laughed catching on from the girl with a raised eyebrow. She nodded. "Well, me too," both laughed.It was the weed.None of them would have confessed that — something so private — if they were sober. If they weren't so high.Seven bloody fags between both of them, of course, they were more than high."Tell me a rumour.""Blaise and the chocolate.""False. The five times it didn't come to any further and I kept eating the chocolate two hours earlier."He chuckled. Yep, he could imagine her eating the chocolates the dark-skinned boy had brought as she read a book on an armchair without knowing why he had brought it."Terance with the tie.""He doesn't even know how to untie a bra," then they both laughed out loud for several minutes.Leevanna held her stomach as she tried to catch her breath and Draco shook his head as he put a hand on his face. They both stopped laughing but looked at each other again and the laughter broke out again, not stopping until more than five minutes later when they gasped."Your turn," she said."D'you remember when we met and fought over who had the best hair?" she nodded with a smile. "I secretly agreed that you'd better hair.""I knew it!" the girl exclaimed laughing before pulling her hair back dramatically. "Nobody beats me.""But don't tell anyone, I cannot accept that you beat me in something," he said and she nodded while laughing genuinely."Draco," she called after a few seconds of silence, he looked at her waiting for her to continue, the sky already taking on a lighter blue. Both were bringing their faces closely as they looked into each other's eyes until their noses brushed. "Could you be my first time?"She wasn't controlling her emotions... And that felt fucking awesome.Why it felt so awesome? It shouldn't feel awesome."I will," he nodded as he took one of her strands behind the girl's ear and began to draw their faces closer until their lips met slowly.Their lips met so slowly and delicious that they could feel every single part and nerve of their mouths between the kiss.And suddenly the messy puzzle in her head makes sense. A lot of sense. She discovers that the pieces fit upside down and normally, she discovers that she hadn't wanted to see the answer but now she is doing it.Refuses to do so. But can't escape it.His hand found the edges of her jaw and he leaned his mouth over hers, and his fingers buried into her soft curls and his nose scrubs against the expanse of skin beneath her cheekbone. His tongue brushes across the edges of her teeth.It wasn't rough — it was gentle, softly, tasty, feeling the surface of every emotion and intoxicating themselves with the fragrance of the other. As if they needed to feel and breathe every part of it.And a knot formed in her belly — lower, is a bit lower, and that tightens and builds this delicious kind of tension that both enjoy. And he makes this quiet, little sound — toneless and breathy. A quiet sort of gasp that she had heard before from his mouth.It does something to her — more than just his lips were doing. Lights up whatever nerve centre that controls her emotions and not her large-brained head, and she's instantly tangling her fingers in his jumper front and pulling him closer.Her nostrils intoxicating with his cold, minty breath mixed with the weed.And she made her own little sound — a desperate sort between a purr and a keen that she didn't know she was capable of until he kissed her the first time he did.And her tongue meets his — flutters against it and it makes his hands tighten in her hair. He knots in it and draws her further, if possible. And she deepened the pressure of the kiss twisting her fingers on the hem of his jumper.And it isn't gently anymore — it's some erotic, enigmatic way that sends currents throughout their bodies, like a burning.Her cold hand left the hem of his jumper. Finds the smooth expanse along the side of his throat and presses, pulling.His free hand it's placed on the exterior of her thigh — his cold and alarming hand which she didn't know how could touch her and not made her jump. She let out a little gasp as she grabbed his wrist abruptly when he pulled her thigh. She trembled.        He's not going to hurt you.And, listening to her conscience for the first time in the night, she slid her hand up to his arm over the fabric of his jumper and lets herself be guided by him until she is sitting on him.He let escape another little, subtle sound — a small gasp this time, like breathing. The friction of their bodies is treacherous. Torturous. Sublime.And she knows he's giving her a taste of how it'd be to be together.Without leaving her lips, one of his hands swept beneath the courting of her hair, pressing her throat a bit and making her within shudder as the delicious burn in her grows.He dropped his hand from her hair and slid both of his hands down her hipbones, under the fabric of her loose pants and pulled her hips forward and slams them back. She feels his fingers finding the edge of her underwear, twirling it before tracing a subtle path with one of his hands up her belly, reaching her abdomen and caressing it. His other hand, still grabbing the edge of her underwear, pulls the fabric a bit before releasing it.He belted his arms around her lower back, entering them beneath her sweater and drawing her body against his. He's embracing her — wrapping as if he was cold. So cold and she was the only thing who could warm him.And she did it. She warmed him.He's never felt warm until now. Like he does when he's with her — kissing and touching her.She surrounded his neck with her arms, crossing her wrists behind his neck and his waist with her legs — is like a hug, a warm one. And she buries herself in him.He tightened her, pressing her body against his trying to keep her there forever.And there was when they realised that: for her, he would be anything; for him, she would be whatever he needed.And they despised, even more, the other for that.

  Fucking hell, how the bloody fuck do I even fucking explain this?

  Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

  I just get out of my fucking shock and impact.  Before you start imagining and getting your knickers in a bloody twist — because, no, I'm not declaring my love for you or shite like that, bloody disgusting and creepy, I changed your bloody diapers, ew — I just need to say it was in self-defence, yeah?  You have to fucking believe me.

  Sure you will. You understand me, you always do. You know me. My story. The things that had happened. How does it feel.

  Because you have thought the same for a long time and you cannot fucking deny it because I know you very well too. What's more, you would have done the fucking same — if not nastier — with your own a long fucking time ago if you had the fucking chance.  I know she would do it too — understand why, what and how I did it — but we both know how she would react to what I'm going to say if she read this first. So, please, just tell her once you read and comprehend this.  You are the fucking only one who can help me a part from him.  Okay, okay, take a fucking deep breath and close your eyes for a fucking bloody second.

  You took the deep breath? Okay, yeah.  Fucking breathe Leevanna Vaughan because I swear if you panic or fucking have one of your bloody episodes or fucking seizures I swear I'm going to fucking publish in the Prophet about you and the pumpkin juice incident.   You remember the brother Lhu's father has — that bloke who made those comments about us when children and how your death grandma and him snickered all the bloody time, is the only brother also.

  You knew him. Bloody hell you did.   I swear Leevanana, it was an accident — who am I fooling? Fucking hell I wanted to do it for a long fucking time.  By now you should be guessing what has happened.

  Leevanna, you and I know he is going to return. Fucking hell he is returning. The thing at the Quidditch World Cup was no accident, Leev. He is bloody much alive and in hiding like the pansy he fucking is. I'm sure every Slytherin and family there who has contacts like us knows he is bloody hell returning.

  The bastard wanted to bloody convert me, Leev. That fucking bastard wanted to put a death sentence on my bloody arm. I was shitting on my self Leev, I know you believe me.

  I had been planning it. As a joke at the beginning. I swear it was just a joke. Something with what Liam and I would laugh when we were high and wondering about the future. We plan a couple of scenarios. Nothing too extreme, something that would look like an accident if someone decided to investigate.   We studied his most rare manias and bloody hell, the opportunity was fucking there. Waving at us. Tempting us to do it.  Did you know bay leaves are fucking poisonous if they are ingested?

  What am I even saying, of course you fucking know they are. Your brain has the bloody size of the Asian continent.

  Anyway, the bastard loved the spaghetti and meatballs with mini garlic bites. My surprise when I discovered the red sauce uses bay leaves made me grin so bloody hard. More when I discovered he had been eating the same dish for bloody days.

  I just needed to distract Gyps a bit with a cuppa and he forgot to remove the leaves. It was too bloody easy. I decided I would be a good idea to serve dinner for one time and the elves let me.   Inside the sauce, the five leaves were bloody invisible. Nobody noticed and my mother isn't home — Germany, returns tomorrow.  The bastard started suffocating in his studio and couldn't even call Gyps to help him.     I just stood bloody there, Leev, I stood there and watched the pansy die in front of my eyes.  I killed him, Leev.

  I need a plan now. Earlier I told Gypse I would be out, so he thinks I'm not in the manor, point for me. But I don't know what the fuck do with the bloody corpse.

  P.S.: bloody burn this once you two know. Liam is here with me also — panicking and laughing. "Fuck."Maybe she should have hold her breath instead of taking a deep one.Bloody hell.Why they always told this stuff to her? What the hell was she? A bloody serial killer or the fucking Dark Lord? Holy hell.But that wasn't the main reason of why her gaze was still fixed on the letter. 

You and I know he is going to return. Fucking hell he is returning. The thing at the Quidditch World Cup was no accident, Leev.

She isn't very surprised though. She was expecting it for a long time now — since her second year at Hogwarts when the Chamber of Secrets was opened by Ginny Weasley and Potter had his great feat as bloody always. She just didn't think he would return so soon.But she doesn't have the time to think about that now, she has to bloody plan how to dispose of that corpse and make as if the two idiots weren't at the house at the moment.Ashton's father was a bastard. He was right. She was bloody chuffed he was finally dead as hell.When children, the man used to mock how Leevanna do ballet — he said her feet were to small and her torso too  short, 'Head-legs' he used to call her, not very elaborate but still was offensive. Her maternal grandmother was his bloody ally with that — until the bitch died suffocated with her tea when Leevanna was seven.With Ashton he was worse. From making fun of his skinny complexion and big eyes to call him 'House-elf' due to the previous motives.The man deserved to die.Through her mind's eye passes the memory of Liam killing accidentally one of his mother's cats two years ago because he didn't know cats cannot at chocolate or ice cream.She had been the one who made it look the cat had been stupid and crossed the barrier around the manor.Poor cat, died electrocuted.Not even two weeks later and Ashton had killed two birds with a jinx accidentally.She had been the one who made it look the birds had died from a component in their food.It had always been like that, little accidents she could take care off and nobody would notice it had been someone else's fault. Seeing her parents do things like those — though she has never seen them have prisoners — had helped a lot. She definitely knows how to get her hands dirty and blame someone else for that.But a bloody corpse? Holy hell. Those arseholes.Ashton's father's office fortunately didn't have any portraits who could be witnesses of the accidental poisoning. And, as Ashton had said, not much persons know bay leaves can be dangerous if ingested. 

  FUCKING HELL WITH YOU ASHTON ONEYL!

  AND THE OTHER WUSS TOO!

  As a joke at the beginning? Something you and the other twat would laugh when high? WHO THE BLOODY HELL PLANS MURDER AS A BLOODY JOKE AND LAUGHS ABOUT IT?! FUCKING MENTAL YOU TWO BLOODY ARE.  And you have the nerve to fucking ask me to help you to cover your idiotic idea. The bloody fucking hell with you. Since I have bloody eleven years old I've been covering you both's crimes.   Fortunately, you had the brain of making it look like a bloody accident and tell Gyps you would be out after dinner. One point for that. Lucky lad.  But holy shite. The bastard is dead! I want to fucking hug you right now, you bastard. Good bloody plan you had there.

  Okay, so, do not get our knickers in a twist and relax because it's very simple.

  The idiot didn't even bleed, so I don't have to tell you how to clean blood — not that I know, but whatever. There are no portraits near you, nobody is a witness. The elves can rarely go to his office, so Gyps not going immediately isn't a problem either.

  Tell the other bell-end to open whatever your father usually drinks and leave a glass half-empty as a way to say he was drinking and the poisoning screwed all up.

  Don't let any fucking portrait see you both. Get out of there after you do that.

  And also leave some of his dark paperwork spread over the table.

  Your mother should be the one who find him.

  Let the rest to her.

  Do not bloody go back until the news come out to light.

  Burn this once you two read it. Lhu should already know by that time.

  Tell the other moronic tosser I say hello.

  P.S.: yeah, you're right. I would have done the same and even nastier. She sighed and gave the letter to her owl before letting Nix jump to her to sleep on her arm while she read the letter one more time.He is returning.Shite."Thought you were sleeping," at the sound of her best friend's voice, her whole body turned to see her shrugging to remove her coat."Couldn't do it," she answered looking behind the brunette's shoulder seeing the rest of their friends at Daphne and Pansy's dorm. It wasn't very late, probably half-past nine or ten. "Close the door.""Something wrong?" she frowned doing what Leevanna indicated and conjuring a goblet to fill it with water at the thought of Aguamenti."Your cousin killed his father."And Lhu spit her drink."He what?""Curious fact, don't ingest bay leaves if you don't want to die for poisoning," a sigh left Leevanna's lips as she handed the letter to Lhu.Lhu's eyes moved quickly through the piece of paper before stopping and blinking. Leevanna knew she was reading the Dark Lord's part."So, bay leaves you say," Leevanna nodded and grabbed the letter once more before leaving Nix on her bed and grab her wand. "Well, finally.""I know right?" she sighed. "You okay?""Yeah," Lhu sighed too. "Jut a bit shocked and — he is returning? How and when?""I don't know, doubt anyone but Death Eaters know when, where and how is going to happen," Lhu nodded at her words an sat on her own bed before supporting her face on her hands.Leevanna muttered 'Incendio' and saw the letter levitate on the air while being consumed by the flames ending with the secret.The door opened making the two turn to see who was it."Buenas noches, señoritas," greeted Theodore with an awful Spanish pronunciation while bowing to both girls."Nice pronunciation you've got there, Theo," Leevanna chuckled."I know, sweetheart," he winked playfully already seated on an armchair with his hands behind his head and right ankle over his left knee. "You crying because you killed someone and don't know how to hide the corpse?"Lhu laughed harder and look up before shaking her head. "Hide a corpse is easy.""Uh la, la, naughty girl," Theodore whistled making Leevanna roll her eyes smiling before turning and see Daphne and Pansy also entering the room."Is there a knees up and I didn't know?" she raised an eyebrow."We're just bored," huffed Pansy throwing herself face-down on Leevanna's bed."You were at Hogsmeade half-hour ago," the green-eyed frowned."Everything's the same," whined Daphne throwing herself on top of Pansy and covering her face with a pillow."—telling you, I'm not shagging anyone.""I know you're shagging, that bird was looking at you as if you were a dessert," Blaise said pointing back at the hallway.A pale-blond boy rolled his eyes and shook his head in denial with his hands on his pockets.Leevanna's cat jumped out of nowhere and threw himself into the blue-grey-eyed's face. Theodore burst into laughter just like Daphne and Pansy."For being a liar lad," laughed Blaise while Draco held the black animal to get him out of his face."Vaughan, control your beast!" he growled leaving the cat on her bed and walking towards the dressing table to see himself in the mirror. Not a single scratch, he was just dramatic."But he's lovely," she chuckled when the cat jumped and landed on her arms before she started walking. "You, grumpy thing, just like me, aren't you?" and her hand started caressing his hair. "My sweet boy, you just need affection from me, don't you? My love.""I don't know if she's talking to Draco or her cat," said Daphne with a smile.Leevanna made a grimace of disgust. "Why would I praise that beast?" and her finger pointed the blond."Are you calling me a beast?" he frowned pointing himself. "Your thing there is a beast.""He's lovely," she narrowed her eyes. "You're a prick who gets mad just because I beat him on a chess game.""And you're a daft bitch who loses the plot when I attain highest notes on an examination," he smiled sarcastically.Her eyes narrow even more and her cheeks grow rosy. "I didn't lose the bloody plot," and he raises an eyebrow while crossing his arms over his chest and an ankle over the other with his body leaned on the dressing table. "And you just got three points more because I was diverted."The four pairs of eyes of the Slytherins moved to one side to another according who talked.Draco sneered, "May I ask with what?""As if I would converse with you about what occurs in my day," she scoffed still caressing her cat's fur."I have an idea of what," he shrugs and she raises her chin raising both eyebrows."If you say to know, ought you say, don't you?"He moistest his lips looking down before piercing her eyes with his. "Knowing you, you'll be think in how many blokes you'd have under your knickers tonight—""I do not do such thing—""—maybe fake-crying to then owl my parents and make them be at your feet as always—""—are just jealous they prefer me because having you as a son is insufferable—""Four galleons they say I hate you," muttered Daphne."Five he shoves her off first," answered Lhu."—needs attention, perhaps that's why you graft with so many blokes—""Six she does it first," Pansy joined."Deal.""—piece of shite who can't stand someone being better—""—like the fucking cunt you fucking are—""Oh, he did not," muttered Pansy grabbing a few jelly slugs Theo had conjured."—needs his dear daddy for everything because you are a fucking pansy—""Uh, that hurt," said Blaise pouring Fire Whiskey on his glass."—no—fucking—body is ever going to fucking satisfice you—""—are fucking never going to be much better than your father—"Theo sucked air between his teeth. "Shit, man.""—you are just a toy that passes for every—fucking—body's bed—""—a selfish wanker who's incapable of feeling and hurts everybody—""—nobody is going to ever want a filthy whore like y—""How dare you to call me a whore, you fucking bastard—""I can call you however I bloody well want—""—because you love to talk about me so fucking much—""—yeah, talking about a slag like you cheers my bloody day—""—fucking moronic prat—""What's happening?" muttered Astoria Greengrass frowning from the door."Sixth fight in two days," answered the four friends still with their eyes fixed on their friends. She had already let go off her cat and he had his hands in fists."And I don't fucking stand you either!""Good the feeling is bloody mutual! I fucking repulse you!""Fucking good you do it! You fucking disgust me!""I fucking hate you!""I fucking hate you, too!"Both have their eyes narrowed. Faces rosy from rage and muscles tense. The air is dense. Rage mixed with hate. Heavy breathings. Chests going up and down. Irises moving.Theo narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest. "Are you two shagging?"Both broke their eye-contact in a second and turned their heads.   "What?""The fucking tension," he shook his head and shuddered. "Sure you two—"Draco grimaced. "I don't shag slags.""And I don't shag with wankers," she wrinkled her nose crossing her arms while he narrowed her eyes at her.Sweet, sweet lies."You snog Blaise.""Hey!""He's less prick than you are," she rolled her eyes holding her cat on her arms again before looking at the door. "Hello, Tory.""Hi, Leev," she smiled to her before turning to see the blond and blush slightly. "Hi, Draco.""Hullo," he answered unnoticed of her reaction and with a fag Daphne had given him between his lips."Is Tory blushed or s'my imagination?" whistled Theodore making Pansy chuckle and Astoria to blush even brighter while accommodating a hair behind her ear."I'm not blushed, Theo," she rolled her eyes."Wait — if you are blushed..." came Blaise's voice. "That means you are the one shagging Draco?""I'm not bloody shagging fucking anyone!" growled the blond hitting him with a pillow.Astoria chuckled. "We aren't shagging, Blaise," she answered crossing her arms. "Anyway, Leev, can you help me with something?""That thing? Help you?" Draco laughed sarcastically and raised an eyebrow. "It's not like it has feelings.""Did you just say it?" she frowned turning to see him."Yes," Draco smiled lighting the fag with his wand before upping his gaze to look at her. "Little beast.""You bastard!""Wait a damn bloody minute," said Daphne sitting straight and pointing her sister. "You're asking her to help you?" Astoria nodded slowly. "And what am I? A table?!""Daph, I love you and all, but you're not—" Astoria blushed furiously again. "Snogging with anyone...""You are snogging?!"Leevanna chuckled. "Come on, Tory, tell me," she smiled walking towards her.""If I were you," said Draco raising an eyebrow towards Daphne, "I wouldn't let her, she's going to convert her in a sla—"And suddenly a bottle of perfume was flying toward him before smashing against the wall."You could've kill me!""That was the intention!"It definitely wasn't.She has just helped to cover a crime and didn't want another on her hands. Though she could act normal if she did it, she wouldn't be able to look at Narcissa in the eye.The guilty would eat her alive from the inside.The next day, when the Daily Prophet touches her hands at lunch and her eyes read the most recent new, she has to bite her tongue to not smile. BAY LEAVES' FATALITY — SUICIDE OR HOMICIDE?

Black we must wear and our prayers to say while seeing the climate change around us and the snow to freeze our bones.

This early morning to our ears has come the devastating new of the recent death of the Onely's family member. Mr Quince Oneyl, older brother of Mr Aaron Onely, and former owner of Oneyl Group Association (company dedicated to finances and attached to Gringotts) has recently been found dead on his office.

  Motive of deceasing? Poisoning for direct ingestion of bay leaves.

Mr Onely had previously eaten a plate of red spaghetti that contained no more than five of this herbs. The house-elves didn't have the time to get them out because Mr Oneyl had been eating dinner that week under his wife's orders.

His only son, Mr Ashton Onely, wasn't in the house at the hour of the horrific event.

Mrs Oriana Onely (neé Avery), however, had been travelling the day before and nobody in the house knew in what moment she had returned until her scream alerted the house-eleves — some of them said to have seen her silhouette wandering the house hours before dinner.

The papers around Mr Onely's desk talked about marital finances and possibly thinking about a divorce. Other things the forensics found were documents related with data of Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.

It results that Mr and Mrs Oneyl had fooled the Wizengamont many years ago and the recent fighting was about Mr Onely's refusal to participate at the Quidditch World Cup's manifestation as one of the Death Eaters.

  Though the new is very recent, the opinions about it, nonetheless, are variated.

The autopsy revealed Mr Oneyl had been eating the bay leaves for days — detail confirmed by the kitchen elves — and his mental health wasn't the best these past weeks.

On the other hand, the other theory goes saying Mrs Oriana Oneyl didn't want the divorce because she would be left in the streets — as the papers Mr Aaron had been checking — and without a knut.

Very few people have knowledge about how dangerous bay leaves can be, and Mrs Oriana was curiously fond of Herbology.

Young Ashton Oneyl, who didn't have any knowledge about the dark magic being practiced in his home, has decided not to give any comments in the topic and was present only for short time in his mother's trial for previous crimes and the accusation of being her husband's Angel of Death.

  He looks certainly devastated.

 And remember, dear readers, cautious with what you ingest and who you decide to be your chef.— November 30, by Rita Skeeter, in The Daily Prophet.

That bastard."My deepest condolences, Lhu," she said placing her hand over the brunette's across the table. She avoided rolling her eyes and smile, instead, some tears fell from her eyes."He was a great uncle," she sighed a kind of sob while wiping the salty water away.Oh, the bloody nerve both had.Leevanna took a deep breath. "I'm here if you need anything," and she smiled pretending to he sad.Well, one Death Eater less.Deep breathes.They tell us to take deep breathes every time we experiment with situations of stress or when we go to the doctor and they need to examine us to see what is wrong.You're crying? Take a deep breathe, calm down and tell me what's wrong.An anxiety crisis? Relax, I'm here, breathe.Doctors appointment? I need you to take a deep breath for me. Inhale... Exhale... Again, please.It's always that fucking word.

Do the people even understand the phrase 'I can't breathe' or they have an intelligence quotient of bloody two?A deep breath.They hurt sometimes. Burn your lungs. Accompany tears and sobs. Break free from your lips when relief colonises you. Or maybe pain becomes a tyrant. It could be also when you try to suppress emotions or calm them.Draco just took a deep breath. Imperceptible. His eyes closed before focusing on his father again, who keeps talking about school. He is tired of hearing the same bloody thing.Even though his grades are slightly higher than Vaughan's recently, his father is asking for even higher ones. Asking for him to pass bloody Granger — as if that was possible."Who are you going to ask to the Yule Ball?"The question makes him frown. Ask...? The what?Ten seconds ago he had been talking about not letting anything distract him from his obligations and how he expected even more from him for the summer classes the next year and now he was asking about dates? What the bloody hell."The what?""The Yule Ball," he says again. Draco keeps being confused. "Severus hasn't told you anything?" Lucius frowns too and Draco shakes his head in denial. "Well, he would do soon.""Is it important?" his arms crossed over his chest as he asked. He's familiar with big events and galas but hasn't heard anything like that — or doesn't recall."Of course it is, Draco," says his father with obviousness. "Beauxbatons is here, and all the birds from Slytherin," his hands expand in a mimic and Draco has to move his body backwards to avoid being hit by his father's walking stick. "You could find your wife here."        Woah, woah — hold your broom, old man. A what?Draco blinks."Father, I'm in fourth year I—""And?" he raises an eyebrow resting both of his hands over the silver snake's head with emerald eyes again. "Your mother and I commenced our courtship almost at your age, perhaps one year older, but still."        Yeah, that was in the nineteen sixties, mate."Yeah, but — I — I mean—" a blush now decors his cheeks.       —A wife? Isn't that a bit... Fucking soon?"Think about your future, Draco, you need a witch, you can't be alone," Lucius proceeds, ignoring him. "Don't you fancy someone in this... school? I'm sure witches fancy you, I mean... You are a Malfoy, son."His blush grows bigger and his eyes move to the sides to see if someone else has heard them. They're in a hallway after all. Near the garden where most students are conversing before after-lunch classes initiate.He doesn't fancy anyone... He's just... Snogging? How the bloody hell he could call what he does sometimes with the bloody bitch of Vaughan?They aren't dating — ew — and he does not fancy her. He hates her. Really, really, really, really hates her."I don't — I'm not courting anyone—""You don't need to date, Draco, is only one night," his father rolls his eyes. "Just make sure you ask someone that is at your level."Laughter makes Draco pass his eyes from his father to the persons behind. Lucius also turns around to see who is.Vaughan.With fucking Diggory."I'm not riding it!" she snorts before covering her mouth with her hand seeing the persons in front of her. "Shut it, Hufflepuff," she mutters turning her head to look at her companion. "Hi, Mr Malfoy!" she greets cheerfully.Lately, the bloody witch — as an insult — has been extremely energetic and spirited. Not even bloody Lovegood, God's sake.And he wonders if..."Leevy," says the blond man with the sweetness he never uses with Draco. A truthful smile also decors his face — smiles he doesn't dedicate to his own son. The blond rolls his eyes when the green-eyed stands on tiptoes to kiss his father's cheeks."This is Cedric Diggory," she says and both men nod in greeting "One of the champions.""Ah, yes, Diggory's son," says Lucius, and Draco remembers Diggory's father's friends of Weasley's. He knows his father doesn't like him. And she seems to notice that, because gives two steps away from the Hufflepuff. Draco smirks faintly. "Forgive me, mademoiselle, but in this opportunity, I haven't brought you any flowers."She chuckles grabbing the edges of her robes to bend in greeting when Lucius does it. He loves greeting her as she was a kind of princess.Everyone does it. Everyone fucking kneels at her fucking feet and fucking kisses them.Draco's jaw clenches and he doesn't know why anger becomes a tyrant inside him."Doesn't matter, loyal and dear knight, your presence is the most enjoyable gift," and then she laughs again at their funny way to interact. "Did Cissy liked the birthday gif I sent?""She loved it," Lucius answers before leaving a kiss on her forehead."Well, I have class, Cedric was walking me," she smiles. "See you soon, Lucius.""See you soon, my dear princess," Lucius nods at Diggory and her."Mr Malfoy... Malfoy," Diggory says nodding at the two before continue walking with Leevanna.Father and son keep quiet for a second before Draco returns his attention to Lucius."Is Diggory courting her?" he asks and Draco shrugs."Blaise also walks her and others do too," he answers. "Why?""Nothing," Lucius says looking at her with vaguely narrowed eyes before looking at him. "How's your relationship with her?"Draco blinks and opens his mouth only to shut it before responding, "We do not have a relationship—"Lucius rolls his eyes, "I meant if you two play nicely with each other, Draco.""Oh — y-yeah...?" he frowns."She's pretty, isn't she?" his eyes look at her one more time, and he looks... So bloody proud.Draco felt sick.And the rage grows so bloody fast inside him.Proud. He's bloody proud of her being pretty. As if that was the biggest of the bloody achievements in life. He could be bloody proud for something else though, but for being pretty? Really?Holy hell, who was he even fooling? His father would be proud of her even if she had a nasty scar parting her face, all her hair scorched and rotten teeth.But with Draco? Ha.He was sure his father would prefer rather being a Mudblood than say he was proud of his own son. Bloody hell, if it was possible he would make Vaughan his daughter and make him a house-elf — surely he wouldn't have the luck Dobby had.He fucking hates her."Draco... Draco," he came out to reality hearing his father's voice. "I asked you if you find Leevy pretty."The blond blinked. Was he really asking him if he — bloody hell. "I mean — yeah, I guess...""You seem distracted, Draco," Lucius frowned."I have an essay to do," he answered quickly. A lie. He'd finished all his homework hours ago. Lucius nodded not so convinced but deciding to believe in him anyway."Think about what I said," Draco nods and his father does it again before leaving the place.Draco turns his head and, while he walks, his eyes fix on Diggory doing the same bow his father did when he leaves Vaughan at the entrance of the Ancient Ruins' classroom. His next class too.So he keeps walking. With his jaw clenched and fury emanating from his body as if a fragrance it was when Diggory's lips touch Vaughan's cheek.What's so special about her? All the people is always fucking behind her. Kissing the ground she fucking steps. Like a fucking Queen.Always her. It's always fucking her. Everyone talks about her. Even in his bloody tomato soup he sees her.Fucking hell.Hours later he's clenching his jaw yet again before drinking his glass of firewhiskey in one. He has discovered it tastes better that way. When he's irritated and infuriated.The emerald and dark blue strobe lights reflect on him and the music resonates in his ears like drums inside him that make his brain throb at the pain. The air is filled with hints of weed and other substances he doesn't want to know the name of — alcohol's aroma is also fluttering.Sweaty figures are jumping and dancing every single place his eyes see. Crowding and knocking into another. Voracious fits of euphoric and erotic outbursts. Short gowns and loose shirts. Heads bobbing among the multitude feeling the music. There are also people like him, talking quietly standing in a corner or seated on a couch. People doing drugs. Some others are shagging or snogging.It's a euphoric catastrophe. As always.The size of the Slytherin common room is fortunately enormous enough to host almost all Hogwarts. He doesn't doubt there are also people in the hallways that guide to the girls' and boys' dorms. Everybody knows they have to lock their doors when events like this happen.If you need a room, you use yours — obviously casting a Disillusionment and Muffliato charm to not have problems or inconveniences with dorm-mates.And he thinks it'd be a good idea to have his own private room — like some others Slytherins have because the dungeons are bloody big. He hates hearing footsteps in the middle of the night or snorts. And if he wants to shag someone, he wouldn't have to use bloody charms.It would have been a good idea to stay in his dorm tonight. The pain is killing and his internal rage isn't helping him at all.Another goblet of Fire Whiskey. The fifth, maybe.When his hand enters the pocket of his trousers and touches a little plastic bag, through his mind's eye passes the recent memory of Fred giving him Muggle weed with a dosis of alprazolam.It doesn't have the effect on him — because Muggle drugs don't do the same effect in a magical metabolism, he has read about it. He wasn't going to do something without knowing about it, he isn't stupid — but it does something at least. Soothes his brain. Stops the intrusive thoughts. Tranquillises his anxiety and panic. Relieves the exhaustion.The study table behind him is empty and has been left in oblivion, the lights barely reaches it. He leaves his glass there. His hand takes out the bag and he opens it. Place it on a tray isn't the objective tonight. If he can ameliorate the headache now, he's not going to waste time.He takes his index finger to his mouth to lick it before entering it into the plastic bag and let the sand stick to his wet skin. Once that's done, he takes his finger to his mouth one more time.The powder making contact with his tongue makes it tingle and prickle. As if little fireworks were exploding against the moisture of his tongue. The soothing quickly reaches his brain and he feels relaxed finally.He repeats the procedure a few times more to end with all the powder inside the bag. It only takes minutes.His hand makes contact with the now cold glass and he takes it to his mouth to drink it.Suddenly the place goes dark.Red and dark blue lines of light. Bright. So fucking bright and strong. Neon. Strobing. Pretty.It reflects every now and then on the jumping silhouettes. They let see the faces of the people, parts of their bodies. Green fine lines traverse, appear and disappear, go down, go up, shake.He sees her.Jumping. Throwing her head backwards and moving her hips. Her hands going up her thighs. Her curls lifting in slow motion.He sees her in slow motion.How the strobe lights illuminate and withdraw her body. The way her eyes are closed and lips semi parted. The edges of her gown lifting. How she brushes her skin.With his hands in his pockets and head leaned on the column behind him, he stares at her. How she moves and the lights reflect.And she's like his fucking own personal alprazolam.Her image repeats on his brain. It numbs him.When her eyes open, she stops jumping.She is seeing him.Her hair's messy, tangled by the sides of her face and all her forehead has bubbles of sweat.A playful smirk appear across her face and her finger starts playing one of her curls. He crosses one ankle over the other and raises an eyebrow.Salazar he hates her.He fucking does.Out of nowhere, hands surround her waist and she stumbles slightly before moving her neck to let the wizard behind him kiss her skin.He goes tense.His whole body goes fucking tense.And she never stops staring at him.Teasing him.Her hands caress the arms around her before going up slowly and surround the man's neck. One of the bastard's hands goes down her thigh, caresses the inner part of it, clenches around it and his hand is now parting it to open her.She throws her head backwards with her eyes closed. Letting herself be touched by someone who isn't bloody him.Her eyes open again and her head moves for the idiot to kiss the other part of her neck. One of his hands press one of her breasts and goes back to surround her waist.Emeralds fixed on thunderstorms.It sends lightings throughout his body. Flames of rage he can't control and practically can feel how they emanate from his body like an aura.That bloody smirk appears in her face again.'You don't know me at all', that's its fucking meaning. He hates it. How her pretty lips can form a smile that is so bitter and mean.She's bloody enjoying it.But he knows how to bloody play.His hand grabs the arm of a Beauxbatons bird he doesn't know the name of but knows her hair's blonde. She jumps agains him and his hands grab her waist the way they do when he kisses her.Now he's the one with the smirk across his face while hers fades away slowly. The bastard behind her keeps touching her.So he keeps touching the witch in front of him. His lips leaving a faint kiss or two on her neck. She has her hands on his hair. He smiles against her skin. His eyes never leave the emeralds piercing him.She wanted to play?Good, he was going to play too.The blonde turned around and didn't waste time on start kissing his jawline and cheeks in seek for his lips.But he doesn't let her do that. Doesn't want to do it. The taste of cherry is fading and if he savours another it won't last.His hands go up and down her waist and thighs. Caressing her not so smooth skin and letting the witch's hands travel all him.The bastard behind her keeps touching her. She's trying to pay attention and correspond to keep playing, but he knows she isn't enjoying it anymore.        Losing the game, Vaughan?He chuckles to himself and, with one hand almost squeezing the blonde's arse, he grabs her jaw and smirks at the green-eyed in front of him one las time before taking his eyes off hers to direct them to the blonde.The lights play at his favour.His lips almost touching hers. They are sharing breaths.And he doesn't even brush her."Ton petit ami vient d'arriver, ma chérie," he whispers in her ear and nods imperceptibly at one bloke he has seen kiss her before."Ne dis rien—""Ne t'inquiète pas," she nods and he lets her go, losing her between the crowd and lights.When he looks straight again, she isn't there anymore.The lights go back to how they were before at the same time the effect of the drug inside him abandons his body at once.Ah, shite."Come, old grandpa," says Theodore laughing, he is a bit more pissed. Draco turns his head before leaning the back of it on the wall behind him. "They're spinning the bottle.""Bori—""You are boring," Theo rolls his eyes and grabs his arm to drag him to the kind of circle they had made on the couches.His eyes caught Vaughan again. She's now in the middle of Blaise and Fred Weasley, Diggory was on the floor and her legs over his shoulders while his head rested on her lap. They were doing opium from a long tube. Pulling the drug and then laughing. Her eyes catch him for a second but then Fred gets her attention.She's wearing a loose, sky-blue, v-neck, spaghetti straps gown that barely reached the half of her thighs and had a fine belt of the same colour and material around her waist. It was practically a négligé.He scoffed.        Cunt."This is childish," huffs Draco falling on the couch in front of Vaughan. He's next to Theodore."They say oldies are goldies, mate," Theo laughs before Pansy spins the bottle.Diggory and Millicent kiss. It's small and quick. Draco knows they have done it before.The second time Pansy spins the bottle it points to herself and Daphne. They smirk before Pansy grabs her vest friend's cheeks and kisses her. Daphne laughs.Draco's jaw keeps being clenched. His eyes close when a throbbing pain like a crown in his head appears after being under the emerald green and dark blue lights all this time. When his eyes open again Vaughan is kissing Blaise.The bottle spins again. And her lips meet a Durmstrang boy's he hadn't notice it was with them before.Rounds keep passing, he sees her kiss more people between rounds. Very odd combinations between other people make him raise his eyebrows and chuckle against his fist — like the one Adrian Pucey and Cho Chang make.Fortunately, the bottle hasn't pointed him yet. He's so bloody grateful for that.His eyes catch her kissing another person. This time is Diggory. The bottle spins again and she kisses Pansy.And he looks away. The firewhiskey makes contact with his tongue feeling a familiar thing growing in his body. A Durmstrang boy behind him asks him from where he has found firewhiskey and Draco points to a table. When his eyes fixed on her again she's looking at him before turning to Blaise.Draco stands up giving Theo the excuse of going to the bathroom. He's tired and the throb in his head is killing him again — bad thing alprazolam can't last forever. He stops a second near the table and leaves his glass on it, catching her kissing somebody else from the corner of his eye.He has seen her kiss enough people that night. Enough from it.So he walks out of the dungeons. Nobody's in the hallways and probably the Prefects and Head girls and boys are in the Slytherin party.The sight of the Boathouse makes him sigh, the secret entrance the dungeons have for it's a bloody gift.His anger is growing like waves and he doesn't know why — or doesn't want to admit it. His head hurts like a bitch and his body does too. The words of his father are still in his head, the school stuff and the wife thing, she dancing with some other sod that wasn't him.He feels so fucking pressured all the time. Feels tense and needs to find a way to get rid of the sour taste in his mouth and the tension. Needs to get rid of the pain. Of the memories.With his head and body leaned on the wooden wall behind him and his arms crossed over his chest he also crosses his left ankle over the other one to try and Occlude. Needs to do so.His eyes fall close tightly and his jaw clenches.He's trying but can't. Something bothers him. Doesn't let him think.He knows what is it. The images of it reproducing in his mind. Hands. Jumping. Curls. Kisses. Pink lips. Spinning bottle. Green eyes.Fucking hell. With her.When he's about to shove the lid of the trunks to lock them and throw them to the sea, he gets distracted."Daft bitch," a voice mutters and then laughs before a deep sound makes him open his eyes.Oh, the universe fucking hates him.This has to be a bloody joke.She has fallen on her knees and hands, her hair covering her face before she chuckles again. Her hands slid until she is just kneeling."Oh — sup," she laughs while standing up. "Whatcha doin'?"Her elegant vocabulary isn't there anymore. She doesn't usually use abbreviations like the rest of people.Draco sighs. "Escaping," he says seeing her lit a fag with her wand. "You've got an addiction, don't you?"She chuckles again and from her mouth smoke escapes. "I 'ave more 'ven dangerous," her lips let out a sigh and she looks at him. Wonders if he caught the meaning.Somehow knows he didn't. She's happy though. Prefers it that way."Are ya alright?" she asks when his eyes close again. He breathes out a laugh and turns his head to the side before looking at her again.He doesn't know why but he's fucking furious. With her. With everything. With himself."Just 'cause we kissed doesn't mean you're my psychologist now," he says bitterly. His eyes piercing hers. But she doesn't wince. Her eyes become ice too. Now she's in a defensive mood."Someone's lost the plot," she mutters cooing and her eyes roll while lighting another fag."What was that?" he frowns."What?" she bites out. "I cannot make comments? Didn't know you owned my words' willing, Malfoy."He scoffs and his look becomes stone. "Why don't you go back to the party? Sure the majority's waiting for a blow job.""Excuse me?" she breathes out a sarcastic laugh making the smoke leave her mouth. "D'you've got a problem, Malfoy?""With you?" his ginger points her. Arms still crossed. "'Course I do," his tone is bitter. "But you can leave, or you already did your jobs?""What's wrong with ya?"   "Nothing."She laughs sarcastically and her footsteps on the fag to turn it off. "Listen to—""Why should I listen to a whore?" his eyebrow raises.And she shoves him off. His body makes a deep sound when colliding rudely against the wood. Her being plastered isn't even a factor anymore. She's very well in all her senses."I fucking told you to NEVER call me that way again!" he unfolds his arms and acquires a defensive position."Or what?" he shoves her off too. "Did you think because I let your lips touch mine something was going to change between us?" he breathed out another laugh. "Whore."She slaps him hard enough to make him bleed due to her rings.He turns his head quickly, grabbing her wrists tightly to keep her still.*"Told you not to hit me again," voice tone low, dangerous. Hard eye-contact. Her face grows red from anger and gets off his grip."Seems you're not the only one doing something he's not supposed to," and his hand wraps around her throat. Her head collides with her wood. "Don't fucking touch me.""Why? The others do it, don't they?" her eyes narrow at him. "Like the sod behind you when you were jumping like the little desperate cunt you are.""And the slag you were shagging?" her cheeks grow rosy from rage. "Does she moves like I do?""Like a whore?" he raises an eyebrow. "Sure she does, can't compete with you, of course.""Fucking bastard—""You like playing the game, Vaughan?" her breath hitches under his own. "Or you just like pissing me off?""Stop it—""They do this to you too?" his hand wraps tighter and her hand grabs his wrist."Let. Me. Go," she bites out trying to push me.Breaths colliding. Dense air. Tension.His other hand slides up her thigh and grabs her hip tightly. "Sure the twat of Diggory's done this," he says and she gulps when the cold air collides with her bare skin. "You let him go under your knickers too, Vaughan? Or that's Blaise?""Get off me!" she yells when he glues her to him. "Stop it, Malfoy!""Tell me, Vaughan, do they whisper your name?" he breathes near her lips. "They kiss you as I do?""This isn't fun, Malfoy!" her tone flickers with fear. "You're hurting me—""Fucking tell me, Vaughan," he growls against her lips. "D'you moan as you do with me? Huh? Or that's only for me?" his lips met hers roughly, bitting her, making her release a gasp soaked in fear. "Yeah? Am I right, you little slag?" "Help!" she cries. "Please! Sto—oh—op!"

Hands exploring private places. Tears running down. Screams. Nobody listens. He keeps kissing her. Angrily. She's trying to push him away. She cannot do it. She — she's — she's panicking — fear—His lips found her neck. "Does Blaise kiss you here? Or fucking Terance does? Who more are you fucking? Pucey? Montague? Half Durmstrang?" she cries between the raw kiss and his hands travel all her body, hurting her. She doesn't succeed in pushing him. "Yeah? They and who more, you whore?""Stop it," she gaps in a sob when his mouth tries to catch hers."Don't you like it? That's who the slags do it, don't they?" she feels so small and defenceless. Is fucking terrified. Consumed like wax against fire. "You like it rough, Vaughan?"   "STOP IT!"*She feels her magic exploding like fireworks out of her and the burning smell invades her nostrils at the same time a powerful currents travels within her, managing to shove Malfoy off her and send him to the other side.Her cheeks are damp. Salty water's full of panic. Body shaking. She can barely keep on her feet.The Boathouse is on fire thanks to her magic. The wood is burning. Being consumed by her terror."Don't you EVER—" she gaps a sob. "Don't you ever fucking touch me again, Malfoy!"And with that, she cleans her lips with her writs' reverse while walking — running away. Away from him.He huffs and passes a hand through his hair in exasperation before slamming the wall in front of him.What the hell was he thinking — now — she was fucking crying — scared. Terrified of him.        Well done, Malfoy.His hand founds his wand and flicks it at the thoughts of Aguamenti and Reparo."Fuck," he whispers supporting his forehead on the wall with his hands by the sides of it.The wicked and twisted game they'd been playing had gone too far.And that was on his own.He just wants to run away.Never come back.Running away.It means freedom.Escaping from the pain. The memories. Actions. Things people do to you. The routine. Your thoughts.Seeking liberty in a world where you can barely breathe without negative energy pumping inside you. It causes you nausea, leaving in a world like this. So full of wrong things. Wrong feelings and moments. Unspoken words for many were implores that died against pieces of fabric or a hand's skin.It hurts.Breathe.Burns.Consumes you. Leaves you in ashes from the previous fire explosion.Hurts. The wound it produces.She has run away millions of time. Due to fear. A game maybe. But surely the second one was many years ago. She runs away most of the time because she's scared.That is the main reason for most things, isn't it? Being terrified. Emanating panic like a fragrance.She sees sevens everywhere that are triggered for that feeling. Forms a knot in her throat. Sees the red from clotted blood, it drowns her.She had run as fast as she could after Malfoy did what he did. After he hurt her.She was scared of him.Blaise had found her next to Daphne, both had taken her to her room where she had an anxiety and panic attack. They had called Lhu, who asked them to leave the room and then cast a Muffliato spell to prevent the sound of the party to scare her even more.Leevanna had been so fucking terrified.Calming her took hours. Three maybe.Lhu then had taken her to the bathtub and helped her to wash her body completely. She did it with so much carefulness. Hearing her cry and sob while clinging to her clothes.She didn't ask though, what had happened to her. She wasn't going to do it either. She knew Leevanna wasn't going to talk.The next day Lhu used Obliviate with Blaise and Daphne. It would be the best. She knew it.Leevanna had spent her day in silent. Eating little and with a book in front of her. Lhu knew though, that she wasn't reading. Her green eyes showed. She was lost in her sea of thoughts. It was okay. She didn't disturb her.The green-eyed just needed time. To think. To decide. To ignore everything.The memory of what has happened two days ago by this time still keeps her up at night. She's tried to not think about it but all is balls-up.First, she has the sweetness and gentleness of the other times they... They kissed. Then she has this new memory. A horrible one.Sitting on her bed she has an empty fags' package. It would help her.She closes her eyes after reading Lhu's note saying she'd sleep in Pansy and Daphne's dormitory. She has to extremely concentrate to do what she's planning to.Inside her mind's eye, she sees the fags' package. She is seated in a blank space. Her hands grab a paper and think about the Astronomy Tower's night. She rolls the paper, wrapping his words and laugh with it. The first fag is on the package.Another paper's on her hand. She wraps the stupid question she made and his also stupid answer. Second fag on the package.The third one is their kiss. The way of it. It's meaning. She wraps it furiously and puts it in the package rudely. Huffs.Another paper. First is confusing but then a breeze that's a whisper reminds her what she must do. She has to combine. Merge the memories.Her sobs and implores make an echo in her blank space. Makes her close her eyes. She wraps the things he said to her with it. Wraps how he treated her. The things he did. She can feel the ghost of his hands and lips. The whisper of his breath. Her magic exploding. Currents of feelings.She has to wrap two fags because of the weight of the memories. She sighs. Now is done. Everything is wrapped and in the package. It's okay now.Her hand grabs the fags' package and the abysm forms in front of her. As deep and dark as she remembers. The package falls from her hand into the darkness. The feelings drain from her, fade away from her skin. It rains. They're tears.According to the drops fall, the abysm closes itself. Her sign to go back.When her eyes open again the room feels cold. She's cold. Ice. Winter. Ice floes. Snow.Her gaze fixes on the fags' package. If she's ice, she needs to burn it to get rid of it. Opposite poles. If ice keeps and freezes, fire burns and extinguishes. So she grabs it next to another that's full.A small, transparent bottle of alprazolam catches her attention when she opens the drawer of her nightstand to take out her wand. She hasn't taken those pills for months now — and she should have.She takes two of the little pills and takes them to her mouth. They are better in this way than in a potion.With wand in hand, she leaves her dormitory in the Black Lake's direction. She'd have a bonfire tonight.It's half-past one and the stars seem opaque from the clouds that are floating. She sighs again while walking down the hill and conjuring a black, long and thick cardigan to protect herself from the wind.The grass is cold too. The waters are calm and the clouds prevent the moonlight hit it. She leaves the package in front of her and thinks 'Icendio' to make a bonfire. With the tip of her wand, she lights the fag from the other package before grabbing it between her index and middle fingers to pull it away from her mouth.The smoke is grey. But she isn't in pain. Maybe it's the feeling of emptiness what resonates inside her. She pushes it away and conjures a fine stick with those Muggle fluffy, white sweets Lhu once gave her and now she loves.The fire that consumes the package turns the border of the sweet golden-brown. When it melts against her mouth she whimpers lowly in pleasure and her eyes roll back. It tastes like fireworks exploding. She conjures more of the fluffy sweets with a bowl and uses the stick to roll them over the fire.She sighs when the twenty-five and last sweet enters her digestive system and lights another fag to change the flavour in her mouth. The smoke that leaves her is clearer.Grass crouching under shoes make her retain the drag in her lungs until the person sits by her side.She gives him the fag and his fingers barely brush her when he takes it."You shouldn't forgive me," he sighs lowly, giving her the fag back."But that isn't on you, is it?" she says before taking a long drag to retain her in her lungs and then release it seconds later. "Tell me a reason.""I hurt you," he says receiving the fag."A lot of people have done it," she says."I was out of myself," he says. "I was angry but I shouldn't have treated you like that," the corner of her eye catches the smoke merging with the wind. "I shouldn't — I attacked you as if you — as if you were a—""A whore?" she raised an eyebrow smiling playfully but weakly."Vaughan.""You did," she nods slowly and giving him the fag. "Sure you shouldn't do it again.""I shouldn't be near you.""And why are you here then?""Because I can't keep away from you.""Look at that, same," she says playfully before both hit fists and he breathes out a laugh. "And you can be near me, you made a promise.""You want me to touch you after what I did? After I hurt and attacked you just because I was mad?"She shrugs. "I'm a masochist.""You were crying. Really crying.""It's okay, Malfoy.""It isn't.""Yes, it is," she nods again."Why?""Because I say so," she shrugs and smiles when he laughs again."It's okay then," he sighs. "It's fine."She sighs and her head falls on his shoulder. Eyes fixed on the now shining stars and bright moonlight. His hand starts caressing her hair and she can close her eyes. "It just a bad memory now... Just a memory."And the empty package keeps burning. Fire consuming memories.

"A ball?""A ball.""Quiet," Snape said neutrally as he positioned himself in the middle of the Slytherin common room. "The Yule Ball is a tradition of the Triwizard tournament and while I disagree that you, teenagers full of rambunctious hormones are less than half a meter away," he continued as he paced the places where the students from 4th year up, "professor Dumbledore has asked us, house teachers, to teach you how to dance so you don't make a fool of yourselves," he ended giving Goyle a hit with his book for eating candy. "More than you already are."And while most of the Slytherin girls were beginning to mutter about what they would wear and who they thought their dates would be, a girl with green eyes was petting her cat in a corner of the sofa she was sitting on without any particular emotion. She was bored, just that.A few seconds after the music started playing, Snape paired up some students to teach them how to dance — he hit several with a book for stepping on his feet."Theodore!" exclaimed Lhu when the boy started doing a strange dance."What? Pansy is enjoying it!" He laughed seeing how the black-haired covered her face with her hands to stop laughing.And when Leevanna was about to join her housemates, a dark-skinned boy approached her."Want to dance?" Blaise Zabini asked the girl in a flirtatiously way, but she rolled her eyes in annoyance. In the last week, the boy had glued her like bubblegum again and that had her more stressed than ever.Actually, he had been the only boy who had stuck to her like a fucking gum after the seven bloody times she had refused to have sex. None of the boys had glued to her, none of them — they just approached her when they found her alone and talk a little or apologised for scaring her. She found that a bit funny, it was as if they had committed the worst sin of all.But Blaise... He was one of her friends — if she could call the weird gang she had with Lhu, Pansy, Theo, Draco and him by that name — and was weird when he tried to touch her or be near her. He was clearly a gentleman when he wanted to be, always treating the rest good and staying out of line if the subject wasn't his business. But with Leevanna had been a bit different, he still respects her, that was good, but she didn't want to be with him and he didn't seem to catch it sometimes.Another thing was that Leevanna knew Pansy was starting to like him or something like that — or so she had said to Lhu, Daphne and her a few weeks ago — and Leevanna did not want to have problems with her. She was tired of fighting with people.But Blaise just did not give up. That scared her because sometimes he brushed her too rough. He was not a creepy stalker either, he just wanted for her to let him touch her.The few weeks they had been snogging and all before returning school had been more fun — enjoyable, but now... Now she didn't want it anymore."Fuck off, yeah?" she said huffing and standing up from the couch.She had also already stopped flirting with every boy that came across her, for her own sake and to be able to spend time alone with her brain, but Blaise didn't seem to understand — even tho she had said to him that she did not want to 'flirt' anymore —, she had thrown him out of her room fucking seven bloody times in a row when he tried to touch her, wasn't that fucking enough? Why he did not just give up?Leaving The Bubblegum — how she had decided to call him — aside and as her nose and cheeks acquired a little rosy tone when she saw a certain blond rolling his eyes as Theodore made a joke, she could not help and think about the last time they had talked. They had not talked about since then or even stare at each other directly.It was fine though — at least she was fine with it because she was trying to decide whether she wanted to let her emotions control her or go back to build ice walls around her. More than she already had constructed.She was hoping that her brain decided to send a signal as an answer to her thousands of questions, to make that messy puzzle inside her not to make sense again. She was hoping that she would choose the ice walls, she wanted to choose them, she was fine with them, she loved them, but — she just—Her lips tingled feeling the ghost of his touch, his intoxicating aroma and his delicate hands tracing up her skin.She shook her head and caressed the head of her cat with gentleness as she gave the cat a soft smile before heading to her shared dorm.On the 12th of December, Cedric Diggory approached Leevanna to ask for help with Cho Chang, the girl he was going to ask to be his date — with who he wished to go."You know I suck at this," he implored pouting."Yeah, yeah, and I'm a fish," the green-eyed one laughed for a few seconds before starting to write a few sentences on a piece of parchment before handing it to the brunet. The truth was that, actually, Cedric was very good at seducing girls — that's why most of his house and others like him — but he really, really liked Cho and he knew Leevanna wrote beautiful poems — although he was not going to tell the Asian girl one, he wanted a special way to ask her to be his date."Do you already have a date for the dance?" he asked with a smile while resting one of his hands on the tree branch above her — not to close, not too far, just how she liked."Not yet," she confessed with a smile. "But go get your girl Diggory, or she is going to gouge my eyes out with a chopstick and make me sushi," she said making the boy laugh."You are the best," he said goodbye giving her a quick kiss on the cheek.Leevanna sighed in relief when his touch left her.The fact that he had been the only one of the boys, with whom she had had little affairs, who had not forced her to do something that she did not want to do, had made them a kind of friends.But her good mood was gone when Blaise appeared in front of her with a green necklace."No," she replied, leaving the place. "And I don't even like green," she said already halfway as he tried to keep up with her.When he was going to leave her alone? She just wanted to be left alone with her messy thoughts. ༄ "You're definitely the best," George Weasley told her, taking her hand and giving her a dance spin three days later when he found the girl in a hallway.She was not pushing people anymore — well, she was trying not to push people."Lhu said yes?" the girl asked laughing while the redhead gave her another spin. All the week she was giving advice to the boys or girls who asked for it.Some of the boys who had been with her had also asked — she made internal jokes about that saying that first, they had to be with her before they found the correct one. She would not say it out loud tho. Her internal jokes were just for herself and no one else."If she said yes?" joked Fred Weasley appearing out of nowhere and lifting the girl by the waist to give her spin in the air — she shuddered and put her hands over his as she asked with her gaze for him to release her, which he did. "They were about to ask for marriage.""And Angelina?" asked the girl raising an eyebrow playfully leaving the redhead speechless."Do you already have a date?" inquired George as she shook her head in response. "It's only a week away," he reminded her as they both walked with the girl, she just shrugged.And it really did not matter to her, she was fine with it, she really was. She was even thinking about not going.Draco and she had talked, a bit, just simple words when he showed something to her. Though it was no big deal.She was still debating what the hell she should do: ice walls or emotions.On the 20th of December, Blaise Zabini sat next to the green-eyed one and put an arm around her shoulders, she tried to get away but he held her stronger and stronger.And that really made Leevanna be scared.He was using too much pressure, too much rudeness.Lhu wasn't with her, George Weasley had taken her for a walk, so she was on her own."You put one bloody hand on me again and I swear you don't count the next one," the green-eyed one threatened angrily pulling the boy's hand off her thigh and standing up from the seat.She did not like to be touched."Come on, you used to love it," he told her, standing up and trying to place a hand on her cheek, but she walked away quickly and sat down again to continue her reading. "You are so fucking boring," he said looking her up and down in disgust. "Everything they say about you is a lie, you don't even let yourself be touched."        You don't know fucking anything about what has happened to me."And am I supposed to be offended by your comment...?" She replied without taking her eyes off her book. "I'm not the one sticking around like gum," she continued as she stood up from her seat. Several students had stopped their activities to listen to the drama. Then the brunet raised a hand, but the girl stopped it with hers before he could touch her cheek.From where she had taken out that strength to do it and not simply be hit? She did not know."You can't keep your fucking mouth shut, that's the problem," Blaise said, wriggling out of her grip and grabbing his things."And you can't keep your cock hard," she replied with a raised eyebrow and running the tip of her tongue over one of her fangs. And while the others tried to contain their laughter, the dark-skinned boy left the place completely humiliated.Leevanna bit her lower lip as she watched Malfoy leap down from the tree he was sitting on and approach her. "Come to the ball with me."She rolled her eyes in amusement and nodded.  "See you there, Malfoy," she told him before leaving.   ༄   "She looks  so gorgeous ."

"Where did she get that dress?"

"Ugh, so envious, I would bloody kill to be her."

"She's always been pretty but, tonight? Woah."

Leevanna Vaughan's heels echoed on the concrete stairs accompanying the girl's graceful walk, each step she took attracting more stares. Her loose, lightly curled hair adorned her face and the beautiful dress she was wearing contrasted unrealistically with her soft and pale skin. She only wore a long and thick black eyeliner and cherry gloss as makeup. Hands covered with long gloves.

The green-eyed had tried thousands of hairstyles and makeups but she didn't like any of those. All were too pompous or too poor. The final result had been her hair loose and with soft spiral curls. She had used the same charm on it and her dress to put a kind of glitter and give it 'highlights'.

She'd taken etiquette classes and such, she knew how to behave in celebrations like this but — nobody had taught her the nerves and anxiety would be this way. Nobody had taught her how it was supposed to be with a date.

She was about to faint. Wants to throw up. Feels overwhelmed.

Is about to grab the end of her dress and run to anywhere but the Great Hall. She really is about to start running away from there.

Maybe she has time—       No , her conscience snapped.   Be brave .So she keeps descending the stairs making her heels resonate lightly.

Draco Malfoy turned his gaze upon hearing people speak and that's when he saw her there, so unreal and untouchable. He felt his problems slip into the background and it was just her and him at the moment.

Somehow her hair shined like never before, it looked even softer and silky. Gods, he wants to touch it so fucking bad. Her pale skin also had a kind of glow and he almost could get intoxicated in its near fragrance.

And he feels fucking scum at her sight. He doesn't deserve her. Doesn't deserve to look at her right now.

For a moment he thinks she's looking for someone else. That a better man's waiting for her at the bottom of the stairs to led her inside the Great Hall. That maybe someone else's about to take her hand, a touch she chose willingly.

But she chose him. She chose to take his hand and let him led her inside.

Why she had done that? He had hurt her and she — and she had forgiven him.

That silly girl. She asked the dragon to be gentle. And the dragon wants to burn her. To make her cry. Wants to consume her to nothing. Keep her hidden from the rest. The dragon wants to chain her to him.

But also wants to take care of her. Wants to make her smile. To touch her as nobody else has done. Wants to let her be free. The dragon wants to make her his. His treasure. His possession.

When he's about to walk at the bottom of the stairs and extend his hand for her, the people starts walking towards the inside, blocking his view of her.

Leevanna's pulse starts accelerating and her cheeks flush helplessly when her eyes cannot catch a blond head. Doesn't know where is he.

She walks towards the inside still looking for him. The persons compliment how pretty she looks, only receiving a 'Thank you, you too' or a nod. Doesn't ask for him because an idea just crossed her mind.

At the other side of the Great Hall, Draco adjust the bottoms of his left sleeve while still looking for her and seeing the people form a kind of half-moon to let the Champions dance.

His eyes pass throughout the place until an original hair colour catches his attention. She's just turned her head and her eyes met his. And he tries to walk towards her but gets lost again when the persons look for a couple once the music starts reaching its end.

And her height isn't the most helpful thing at this moment.

She's on tiptoes and heels but cannot see anything but heads moving. Huffs and turns when a hand taps her bare shoulder. It's a Durmstrang boy who asks her to dance, she nods and follows him to the dance floor. A lot of couples are around them.

Her hands take her dress to bow after the boy in front of her does. Doesn't know at what moment her hands found his shoulder and hand. Her mind's somewhere else.

The blond isn't paying attention to the girl in front of him. Doesn't really know who is but has brunette hair. His eyes travel through the couples in search of a black and white hair. Founds her dancing with someone.Time to change partners .He bows to the girl and to the next one too before the music starts again. She's closer.

Her hand meets another one after bowing and all she can think about is he being closer.

A smile decorates her face when the boy makes her spin before her face mets Diggory's and laughs.

He's face to face with Pansy, who's telling him to stop being distracted because has already stepped on her.

When he makes her spin another girl appears in front of him. Isn't she. And he continues dancing.

Her head turns when a body brushes her and the air leaves her for a moment when his eyes met hers.

He makes spin the girl in front of her before leaving her hand on purpose making her collide with another couple unintentionally.

She spins by herself and leaves the boy she was dancing with at the same time the music ends and the intro of Waltz N° 2 combined with a more intriguing twist starts playing.

And everyone quits dancing when the two teenagers met each other.

The blue-grey-eyed man grabbed the girl by the waist and moved their bodies in time to the music.

And maybe is the way his hand touched her bare skin or perhaps is the way she raises her gaze after looking at him through her lashes.He   hates   the things her eyes reflect.She   hates   the ones his do.For him perhaps is the way their wrists touch and their arms make waves before his fingers slide down her arm until their reach her elbow while she spins before taking her waist. Like a feather. Delicate.

Their hands met for a second, brushes of skin and fabric before he leaves her making her spin. Hand touching her back and the other meets her hand yet again.

Hands intertwined and the others holding back and shoulder while bodies are rocking like boats on the ocean of emotions.

And it feels like they have the dance floor just for them, as if a light is reflecting on them. It was just them, the rest didn't exist and inside their eyes were galaxies.

He makes her spin and her pulse raises when his body leaves her for a second before both are back on the soft waves.

Both now are spinning, moving through the place with such class and delicacy.

"You two need to stop betting about their relationship," laughed George seeing Lhu giving two sickles to Fred.

"They weren't the only ones," huffed Lee also giving the coins to Fred.

"Sickles out, Nott," chuckles the redhead while Theodore whimpers in complain. "My lady."

"Shut it, carrot," Daphne rolls her eyes also giving him the sickles.

The blond makes them spin softer, back to the waves before accelerating seeing her directly in the eyes.

She loses her breath a second when he lifts her in another spin, and he chuckles when her feet touch the ground just to leave it the next spin. She smiles touching the ground again.

Their bodies spin and spin before moving gentler, in circles, rocking in an ocean.

And their hands' grip is tighter when her body leaves his. She spins yet again and the grip breaks just to form again with their other hands.

Her body leaves him, delicate grip, and their bodies get close, then leave again.

Hands together and their feet make a circle on the floor before bodies get close again. His hand makes her body spin yet again.

Bodies far from each other, then close, hands meet. A spin between the two, bodies away, spin again and far away.

And his hands take her arm and her black shield slides up, leaves her so delicate than her body flushes. Is unprotected in front of him.

His hand brushes her wrist, going up followed by two emeralds and two thunderstorms before they meet each other. Music and world going fast, hearts beating quickly, deep sounds and heavy breathings. Lightnings becoming green and they create the perfect storm.

Fingers meeting and flexing against each other. So soft. So delicate. Feather-like touch. Yet so dangerous. So forbidden. So wrong and right. Everything goes calm, breathings are so breathless and hearts so close.

And the thunderstorm explodes once again with the last spin.

Her foot slides and her body goes back while his reclines yet so close but so far away with the last deep note of the violin.

"I found you," he whispers with his thunderstorm eyes piercing her two emeralds.

"You always do," and both chuckle with lips so close yet so far.

Mint splashing with cherry. Create a new flavour. Something explosive. Something yet so perfect but so dangerous at the same.

Both get enough far from each other before he bows and she follows. His hand meets her naked one and his lips kiss it gently without taking his eyes off hers.

His touch did not make her be afraid... That was fucked up.

She seemed the most gorgeous girl in the whole fucking world to him. Gods, why she had to look like that? He despised her looking so fucking awesome in her dress.

Her smile appear once again while her chest lifts and goes down trying to catch air around her.When the music changed after an hour or so, Draco lived for Leevanna's laughter. The blond did whatever it took to make her laugh, he had even invented dance steps so he could hear her pure and genuine laugh. He would pick her up, spin her around, steal a kiss or two on her cheek, and make sure she enjoyed herself at all times. He took her by the hand when he realized that she was already a little tired and led her to the table they had to bring her drinks.Why he was being like that?And why she wanted him to be like that?Before she could bring the glass to her mouth, she laughed when he spun her around once more. Then he kissed her cheek making her blush while she sipped the liquor.        Ice walls or emotions, decide Leevanna.After two in the morning, they both continued dancing without caring about the rest. They hadn't separated for a single minute. At an unexpected moment, Malfoy pulled her by the hand making her laugh.They both started running towards the exit holding hands while laughing, and when Leevanna saw Hermione Granger crying on the stairs, she let go of the blond's hand and approached her with a handkerchief. If she was happy for once in her life, nobody could be sad."Don't tell anyone, but thanks for hitting Draco when he deserved it," the girl muttered causing the hazelnut-haired to laugh as she took the handkerchief to wipe her tears. "And this is a secret," the Gryffindor girl nodded still somewhat confused by the girl's action before seeing the green-eyed one wink at her and holding hands with the blue-eyed one to began running again.Fuck's sake, that day she was doing very strange things.        Ice walls or emotions. Ice walls or emotions. Ice walls or emotions.When they both reached the Slytherin dungeons, the blond didn't take the usual path, this time he led her down some stairs that she didn't know, she looked at him with a frown."Wait and see," he said, taking her by the hand and leading her to a private bedroom floor, the girl looked around the room, took off her heels and went to the window from which you could see the starry sky.There was a double bed in the middle of the room, dark green curtains with silver designs decorated it, the walls were white and there were one or two shelves to store things, it was still a bit empty."It's beautiful," she murmured, sticking her head out and closing her eyes as she felt the blond wrap around her waist from behind drawing her into a hug. She sighed feeling his big and tall body protecting hers.Why it had to feel so good?How did his touch reassure her so much?        Ice walls or emotions. Ice walls. Emotions. Ice walls. Emotions."Come with me to the New Year's gala," he proposed in her ear making her laugh, then she nodded silently as she placed her hands over the boy's on her belly.They were silent for a few minutes, they only saw the stars, because some hearts understand each other even if it is in silence."Leevanna..." he whispered.        Ice— Fuck it. Emotions."Shut up and kiss me," she interrupted him in a whisper turning around and tangling her fingers between the boy's hair before bringing their lips together passionately, standing on tippy toes to reach him.        Just for tonight.Draco grabbed her around the waist with some roughness and pulled their bodies even closer. His hands quickly began to run up the girl's thighs over her black dress.She made a small jump, grabbing his hands to stop him, but then she looked him in the eye... And she just — She just relaxed. She could not think rationally thanks to the blur in her head.The puzzle resolving itself, giving her all the answers she had been hoping not to get.Leevanna placed her hands on the boy's abdomen before pulling out the robe he was wearing and then beginning to unbutton the white blazer he was wearing too.The situation went from gentle to rough in one single second. And well — they did not want to be gentle with each other — not anymore.They needed to destroy themselves.The desperate desire, lust and passion in their bodies were just inevitable.For months they had been thinking about the other. For months they wanted to do so many things with the other — since their little kisses since that little caresses that burned their cold skins.They needed to destroy the other and push their brains until they went mental.To that point of madness of the which you just can't escape.And you actually won't want to scape.They were slaves of their desires — slaves of their emotions.With his forearm, Draco removed all the things that were on the desk next to him and lifted the green-eyed one from behind to place her on the furniture. He needed to see every reaction of her at that precise moment.       It just the hormones, the voices in their heads tried to convince them. Just that, crazy teenage hormones.He began to leave dark marks on the girl's neck — sliding his tongue where her pulse hammers, right beside her jugular as if he were a vampire ready to suck all the blood of her body and left her empty — and for a moment she thought he was — but she did not care and she arched her back and threw her head back so that he could have as much space as possible as she felt how he sucked, nipped and mouthed a searing path up the side of her throat, leaving bruises in his wake.She wanted him so badly.That tingle between her thighs becomes a constant pulse, and her body starts trembling internally because of the steamy of his touch.She couldn't believe what he had reduced her to in question of months — a total psycho slave of her emotions — emotions she had tried to block all her life and successfully until he and his bloody addictive lips had touched her — since his alarming hand had caressed parts of her she had not let anybody before.Their bodies were burning, like a fever that travelled all their insides and did no let them stop.Yeah, they both had been waiting too long. They needed to feel the other in every way possible.And they really despised themselves for that."Fuck," he growled against her skin as he ran his fingers into the soft fabric of her dress. Her skin was so soft and smooth that he simply lost control.He wanted to destroy her in every way possible.Leevanna began to unbutton the boy's shirt awkwardly as little sighs escaped her full lips, which was driving the boy crazy. She wanted to feel him, his skin, his fingers, everything.Why his touch had felt so fucking awesome?Why he could keep touching her? Since when someone could touch her at all? Why him? Among all the people in the fucking world, why it has to be he?Her small hands managed to push the fabric of his shirt until it finally fell to the floor, leaving the blond's torso completely naked; she passed her hands through the hard skin of his chest until she reached his abdomen — caressing it as if her hands burned him as if she was trying to burn him — but it felt awesome.He despised the way she touched his skin.He pressed their lips together, the kiss was raw and aggressive, but possessive more than anything.He wanted to possess her.And she wanted him to possess her.Fuck all the questions, all the answers.He lowered her black lace panties aggressively with his hand, leaving them on the wooden floor, then his cold fingers began their journey.Still kissing her.His hand is sliding up her inner thigh. He twisted his hand, sliding his fingers between her legs over the fabric.She gasped and made a small jump, her hands grabbed his arms without being able to avoid it — that was the only thing she could not avoid actually — apart from how bad she wanted him, obviously. And he knew that nobody had touched her the way he was doing it, that nobody had made her feel good. That nobody had made her feel like a woman, in the right way.She turned off that part of her brain that told her to clamp her thighs thanks to the intensity of the sensation and stopped grabbing his arms. She couldn't let that memory make everything horrible right now. Her whole rational part turned off.She just wasn't thinking.She was feeling.Fuck's sake she despised that.They had never had felt so hungry like that, or starved someone like that.And she feels too right for him...His thoughts cut off abruptly as he listened to her pleasurable purrs of desire.His fingers slid through her thighs, reaching that spot that no one had been able to touch before. That centre of nerves she didn't know could make her feel so good.He began to make slow circles on the girl's clit while his other hand took her down the back of her neck pressing his rings against her skin.He pulls away from her lips slowly, and he risked to glance at her eyes, expecting disappointment or something similar.She glanced him back and her pretty mouth finds his again, sucking gently and doubling all the drowning and intoxicating sensations.And he remembers that he is the first.And she thinks that his touch is magic.No one had ever touched her that way, so possessive and rude... And she was loving it.Nobody had touched her, being honest. Never. Nobody. She did not let approach people her.And now...His fingers slide back and forth rhythmically, purposefully, hitting spots she never knew about or had the slightest idea that existed or were inside her until now.Her pleasurable moans were music to his ears, so his index and middle finger began to move even faster and more possessively in a linear fashion brushing her entrance.His finger running all over her cunt.Leevanna arched her back as she felt one of the blond's cold fingers sink into her entrance quickly.Draco growled softly against her lips, and the sound of it sends shockwaves straight to the place his fingers keep thrusting."Nobody has done this to you?" he muttered against her lips, his fingers keep coming out and in, tortuously."Nobody," she breathed before a purr left his mouth. "Just you," she confesses in a breathy gasp.His mouth let escape a soft little sound, between a gasp, a groan and a growl.His thumb circled her clit slowly, as another one of his fingers entered her, then his body ignited with pure lust. She was so tight that his two fingers already had taken all the space."I'm the worst choice, Leev—" he said against her lips, breathing heavily. "Fuck— You are tight—"He twists his finger even as he said that, making her back arch, making her mind hazy in pure lust and pleasure.He couldn't take his blue eyes off her flushed and writhing body, he felt powerful watching her come undone by his touch and hearing her moans filled with pleasure."I do not care if you are bad," she breathed. "Fucking do whatever you want to me..."Oh, Gods... The things she said... The fucking things she said.He swore that no one else would touch her, they would not even be near her, no one would give her pleasure except him, nobody could breathe near her. Everyone would know that she only belonged to him and only him. She had become his.He was very possessive with the things that belonged to him. And she had become his most valuable possession since that moment.Her small hands tangled in the blond's hair, feeling how his fingers came out and in faster, which made her moan on the boy's lips... And that turned him on even more."Stop doing this to me," he said against her lips. "Stop being so good... Stop making me want to do things...""Stop making me need you," she breathed.And the frantic part of their brains tried to set off alarm bells.But they just couldn't stop touching.It was as if a black hole was suctioning them into the pure chaos.Drowning slowly.Both intoxicating the other with such dependence.Their breaths are short and heavy, nearly gasps.Impatient, he took his fingers off the girl and made her raise her arms so he could take off that damn dress that was bothering him. She looked better without it anywa—She covered her body.It had been quickly, he had not even realised it until his naked abdomen collided with her arms. He was about to speak when his eyes captured a small wound on her skin — a small part of the line that protruded on the side of her arms, on the side of her ribs.She looked up, meeting his eyes as his hands grabbed her wrists and parted her arms before he left a kiss on her lips, wanting her to show him everything.       You are safe, says the voice in her head and she lets herself be controlled by his hands, which pushed aside her arms before he caressed her skin.She makes a small jump and her legs encircle his waist instinctively when he belts an arm beneath her and lifts her – unexpectedly, expertly and at the same time no, as they kissed passionately. Her completely naked body was illuminated only by the silver light of the moon that filtrated for the window.Draco threw her on the bed and started to spread kisses all over her bare abdomen as he caressed the girl's soft and smooth white skin."I hate you," he breathes against her lips when he climbed the bed again. "For making me do this.""I hate you more," and their eyes have this hurtful thing that made them feel guilty. "For making me need this."And they are not exactly feeling guilty because their goal is hurt the other, they feel guilty because they cannot control their desire.She hurried to unzip his pants, but he pushed her back onto the bed taking both of her hands and placing them above her head. He quickly shed his pants and climbed back onto the bed. Her small, fragile body grew warm to the touch of his large hands.Her mind divagates through all the times she had heard the girls talk about his body and — she agrees with them for the first time because — well — he was unreal, he wasn't too skinny or very muscular, he was just perfect, and a set of abs led down to a prominent V-line, all his body was gorgeous. She felt the hardness of his cock, which was resting eagerly against her stomach as he was on top of her.She spread her thighs wider without even thinking about it.His cold rings made contact with her neck, just pressing a little."Ah..." she moaned on his lips feeling his big hands take over her body. He took her hips roughly. His fingerprints running through her sensitive skin."Tell me to stop... Tell me—" he implored panting. "I can stop..."No, he couldn't."Do not stop..." She muttered closing her eyes. "Never stop."With all his senses maxed out and full of lust, he forcefully pounded his member into her, with no regard for her loud whimpers and moans of pain or her inexperience. The animal inside him had come out and was definitely not going to go away.Leevanna bowed her back forwards when he pounded her as a shocked moan escaped her lips, pressing her forehead on his chest as her nails buried on the skin of his arms.A sharp pain travelled all her body concentrating on her hips. He had thrusted so hard that it felt like years of pure pain. It was a punishment — but not just for her, for him too.Although she did not want him to be gentle with her — but it hurt so much. But she could not let him be gentle.He could not move thanks to her tightness, but he would manage. It should not be so difficult.He had heard, a few weeks ago, when some Slytherin boys had had a small reunion in the room of one of them to smoke weed, things they did to the girls who they had had sex with. Draco had not talked at all and just nodded pretending that he was agreeing as he smoked and looked at the ground trying to retain information.He had smirked tho, a bit — trying to disguise his fun —, when he had asked who were the girls. He had not — internally — laugh for who they were, he laughed because they had glanced at each other with some nervousness before saying 'Leevanna Vaughan', but they had hidden it quite well — that they were lying.Oh yeah, he remembered the conversation in The Astronomy tower — his and her part —, because the weed effects on him faded away quite quickly.The boys had also talked about how they... Moved? Thrusted — it sounded better to him — inside the girls and how they did it. They had also mentioned how some girls were tight but some others were to... open? — he didn't know how to call it.But for fuck's sake. She was too tight — extremely tight.That made him want to destroy every part of that tiny body of hers until she cried in pain.He wasn't trying to be gentle — how he was supposed to be if it was the girl's first time or so his roommates had said —, he was trying to punish her for making him feel weird things. He was actually angry.But he couldn't do that to her... Though he wanted to."Leev... Listen—" he breathed feeling how her warm walls gripped around him, so much that it was hurting him. Her forehead pressing, even more, his chest. "I need— I need you to relax, okay?""Okay... Okay..." she breathed heavily."Look at me," he asked, and she did it, her eyes had small tears, some rolling down her cheeks. "Breathe... Okay? Relax or we are going to hurt each other."She nodded pressing her lips before resting her head back on the pillow.Leevanna moaned loudly as she felt him penetrate her slow and hard, entering the half of his member first and then all completely.It was extremely painful since it was her first.Her cheeks are damp. She tastes the salt of stray tears when their lips meet again. And the ribbons and bows their lips are, are wrapping the violence and hate they are discharging with each other — taking away their anger and frustration on each other in a way they have never thought possible before.And the kiss tastes like agony, like guilt.It feels like hurt and trauma as the tangy and metallic blood sprouts from their lips when his teeth pierce the flesh of her own lips and he does the same with him.They meant to hurt the other."Say my name," he panted against her face.She shook her head, arching her back feeling him swaying inside her. In and out, in and out. Slowly. Torturing.And she could see the grimace of pain in his face, like a sheet covering every part of it.His forehead pressed against hers."Please..." she shook her head again. "Please..." and this time he is imploring as if he was trying to beg for mercy after committing the most deadly sin in this world — although he knows he does not deserve any single drop of it. "Please... Just say it... Please."He bit down her lip, drowning her whimpers inside his mouth, breathing every particle of her breath. And he pulled away, pressing their foreheads again."Say my name then," she breathed, and a moan left her lips.And he had never been so willing to do something in his entire life.   "Leevanna..."And his voice had come out with such pain, which such despise — as if saying her name burned his throat and destroyed every part of his body, as a punishment given by the same Evil. It had bot being a moan, or a gasp, it had been a breathing that left him without air.   "Draco..."And although her tone was sweetener, it had also had that touch of pain and despise — the worst had been that, after saying it, she had let escape a whimper.And he yanked up her thigh, driving in deeper, sending her reeling. His abdomen resting on hers while his thrust became aggressive but continued being in a tortuous way.As his hips pressed against hers roughly, she couldn't separate what was painful and what was pleasure at that point.Both felt fucking awesome and beautiful.She moved her hands and guide them to the boy's arms again, digging her long nails on his skin. He placed the girl's hands above her head again and linked them with his, while with the other he leaned on the bed.Leevanna squirmed moaning when he thrust her harder. It was slow, leaving a few milliseconds between each thrust, but that didn't take away the aggressiveness."God... I want to fucking destroy you," he growled softly under his breath.She nodded closing her eyes and moaning raggedly feeling his body pressing hers."Destroy me... Draco," she breathed.For God's sake... The way she said his name..."Stop saying those things to me..." he implored against her lips. "You are so fucking good—""I won't stop..." her firmly voice snapped. "Because I'm bad too..." she gasped.And she was right.Both were bad to each other.It was too fast.Too right. It felt too fucking right that it couldn't be real. Nothing had felt like that before. They were obsessed with the feeling of it — with each other.Everything was too dangerous between them."Are you— Fuck—" he panted. "Are you... You feel okay?""Yes... I'm— Okay," she gasped nodding and feeling her eyes watering before her back arched more feeling him going deeper. "Fuck— God..."Her knees pressed his hips as he thrust her with frustration. She was like a very tight glove.He kissed her while both panted.Her lips were so soft and tasted so sweet — the hints of cherry syrup and honey intoxicating him, entering his body without any mercy and numbing his brain.He could feel her slick walls tighten around his throbbing cock, making him groan hoarsely. His eyes kept staring at her slender frame, watching her become more and more undone as he pounded her.Her white and black hair was sprawled messily around her rosy face and from her blood-rushed lips spilt a continuous stream of delirious moans full of pleasure. He placed his hand around her neck again and examined some of the bruises on her neck feeling proud of them, everyone would know it was his and nobody else's. Just thinking that someone else might have touched her skin made him angry.But now she was all his.And he would make sure to keep it that way."Take a deep breath," he mutters — pants against her jaw."W-Why?" a shaky breath leaves her mouth when she speaks, nervously."Just— do it," and this time is looking at her in the eyes.She gulps.But obeys him and holds her breath when he brought his lips together with hers again, holding her body carefully and drawing him to change position.And suddenly he was there.She gasps.Now she was sitting on him.The angle. The depth. It changed everything. She knows.That position was painful — even more than the last one, but she couldn't care less.Because the sound he made... The way his head dropped down onto her shoulder and his forehead pressed... It made the pain to take a back seat — very far away."Fuck," he hissed.His hands trembling a bit. They shake against the exposed waist's skin, sliding up to grab hold.Then he held her back to sit her well as her arms surrounded his neck.He snaked a hand to the back of her head and made a tight fist on her hair, pulling her head back a bit, beginning to leave wet kisses on the skin of her neck.He took her hips again and guided her circular moments — slowly, very slowly movements —, adjusting her as much as he could, then he changed the movement — he lifted her a bit.And then, once more, he entered her completely, reaching as deep as he could.She tensed at the sensation.Accidentally, she squeezed some muscle group she had discovered she had just a few seconds ago, getting a strong reaction out of him — making him jerk and softly growl as he adjusted his grip before he pressed their foreheads.She gasps."You— You want to do it yourself?" he breathes against her lips. She nods.The green-eyed little by little discovered how to move her hips and it seems that her purpose is to drive him crazy — making slow jumps over him feeling him completely while her nails dug into his back and shoulders leaving red scratches.She was, at first, uncoordinated, clumsy and tentative — she was slow and seemed curious about every possible movement —, but then little by little she seems to get to know her rhythm, experimenting with him, and he lets her — because she is the best torture to him.He continued kissing her skin until he reached the girl's breasts, which he began to massage and kiss until he left dark marks on her skin. His tongue twirling around her nipples before biting them gently.She slid a hand to tangle it in his hair again, just as one of his hands left her waist and slid along her thigh, squeezing it.She almost let escape a sound of complain, but she drowned it — not because the squeeze had hurt, because he now had left one part of her body without his warm touch.Leevanna could feel her climax building up inside of her like a fucking volcano ready to explode.Lhu had told her that maybe she wouldn't reach it, but damn, Malfoy was extremely good, even though it was his first time too.She could barely breathe and her whole body released heat. Her hand went to his back again, pressing his body against hers.She threw her head back and began to see stars, wailing loudly as he kept fucking her harder and harder. He held her from behind tightening her small body and she could feel that he was reaching his limit too.Her fingers quickly left the boy's back and went to his silky blond hair where they tangled as her back arched, her head titled back facing the ceiling.And she feels something she has never experienced before.It starts as an aching and pulsation between her legs. She feels like she has a heartbeat im her groin and it becomes more intense as she gets more turned on. Due to increased blood flow, it started to ache a little but in a good way.Her being feels hot and the warmth gradually became a tingle and her skin feels very sensitive and then at the end a sudden surge of 'pressure' inside her in that area. Sensations grow and with each touch he is giving her a physical wanting and pleasure that she has not ever experienced before. She doesn't want it to stop.When orgasm hits, it's like having a wave crash over her. It started to take hold and is involuntary as the stimulation continues.It starts in her groin with a huge heat and explosion of feeling that builds up and builds up and spreads through her whole body from her toes to the top of her head. Her body arched backwards a bit and she gets a head rush as the feeling passes through her entire body. She tensed up and curled her toes at the point of orgasm.It built higher and higher and more intense to where she can't speak, she cannot breathe, she cannot think and she arches your head backwards until she feels like she cannot take it anymore. Just a big buzz of pressure and breathlessness. Then the intense sensation subsided and it left her whole body glowing and the sensation focuses back on her groin when she felt her slick walls contract over and over again in pleasure.This is where the majority of the amazing feeling hits her like a frenzied train.Each contraction, fast to begin with and slowing after each, gives her immeasurable sensation of sexual enjoyment until she became too sensitive to be touched there anymore.Her loud screams echoed in the darkroom before she started panting breathlessly.They were lost in their own world of pleasure as he came inside her and they became a tangled mess of one being.For him seeing her orgasm was the most mesmerising landscape in the entire fucking world. Her cute purrs leaked through his ears and resonated in his head.His eyes caught the exact moment in where her back arched and her nipples were erect. How she started breathing heavy and her pale body started turning red due to increased blood flow. Before her whole body exploded internally in a mind-blowing orgasm, she had gripped his hair right, pulling his blond strands and burying her nails. Her cunt had started contracting and throbbing so intense that penetration became even more difficult than it was already. Her thighs started getting spastic and she started sweating. Finally, she came and let out the most beautiful moan as he felt her slick and warm walls pressing against his hard cock.His head dropped to her shoulder again before pressing his forehead with hers, lips parted and he panted raggedly, his whole body dripping in testosterone. She rested her forehead on the boy's shoulder as she tried to catch her breath.It had been the best fucking first time and she wasn't sorry for the wait.It hadn't been beautiful, it hadn't been gentle, no care, no love or shit like that. It had been beautifully painful and filled with guilt and despise.Draco took her in his arms while she remained seated on him, then he placed one of her strands behind her ear and brought their lips together in a gentle kiss, delighting in the girl's low, heavy and breathy moans.He came out of her as he changed position, laying her back on the bed again and placing himself on top of her. Leevanna laughed on his lips as she felt how the boy's fingers ran over her abdomen, tickling her. 

The blond smiled when he saw how the girl next to him was frustrated by not being able to remember the notes of the melody."It's not so difficult," he said by pressing a couple of keys with his index finger."Ugh, no, I quit," she snorted, leaning her forehead on the boy's shoulder and refusing to touch a single more key. Draco chuckled before placing his fingers of his left hand on the keys and playing a soft and short melody.They had been at Malfoy Manor for two days now and the one with blue-grey eyes kept thinking about hobbies to entertain the girl — every type of hobbies and activities. He wanted to spend as much time as possible with her before returning to Hogwarts."There are you two," both turned their heads when they heard Narcissa Malfoy's voice approaching them. "A letter from your friend came, Leevy," she announced with a warm smile in the direction of the girl as she extended her hand for her to take.Draco saw Leevanna smile and take his mother's hand to follow her, so he sighed and closed the piano's lid with care not to do much noise and keep the decorum.His parents loved her — as if she was their own blood. That bothers him still.They hadn't even asked when they saw how she — with her lips full of the cherry tartlet's syrup — left a soft kiss on his lips.Why they did not ask? Narcissa had even chuckled lightly.And perhaps Draco would never know, but his marriage with Leevanna Vaughan had been a entertaining subject at dinner between both families while both were two babies and lost in the land of dreams him. Their little affair had just been perfect for the situation.But Draco hates Leevanna. And fortunately Leevanna hates him back.Young love, they call it.It was likely both of them would end killing each other if they found about the little arrangement their parents had made.Leevanna was like a delicious and fresh cherry tartlet, sweet but sour, and if you didn't make it the right way it turned into a dreadful mess. Draco had reached that conclusion.She shined like the fresh cherries in the dessert, when enveloped in a flaky, buttery crust and baked until the juices are bubbly and syrupy. Or she could get dark, like when someone doesn't know how to make the perfect syrup and they burn it.She was like the mix of the sour cherries with the sweet ones, the key for a perfect balance.She was delicious and so alluring, but very dangerous if you have too much of it... But you can't stop because you enjoy every single part without regretting anything... Until you stop eating and see how much have you had, how dangerous it would be according to time.To his mind came the image of Leevanna asleep in his bed while the few rays of the sun illuminated her face and body the morning after The Yule Ball. He smiled helplessly. Her closed eyes and eyelashes caressing her white cheeks while her pink lips were slightly parted.His brain tortured him with the look in her eyes and the small tears rolling down her cheeks — she looked at him begging with her pretty green eyes for him to hurt her, for him to make her cry. And he had actually done it.It was the second time they brought their bodies together — it had been the most pleasant of the sounds hearing her cries mixed with moans escaping her mouth — she had really cried, but she had asked him, literally, to not be gentle. That was the only thing he promised to her that night. That little body of hers had trembled and became even tinier under him as he thrusted in and out aggressively. And then his brain went blurry went he heard her wail full of pleasure and lust — pain too — leave her mouth when she orgasmed.The third time tho was her turn to hurt him.She had tortured him not saying his name, making him implore her over and over again. Her jumps and movements had not been gentle at all when she sat on him and pressed their foreheads breathing so close to him... But she had not let him kiss her until she felt him getting harder inside her and then releasing his cum in her — and she said his name as that happened.The next times, once both adjusted to what they wanted from the other, had been even more pleasant. He could remember her small body shuddering under him while he caressed her skin as she let escape moans from her lips... Like softs and delicious purrs... Like a kitten.Merlin, that girl was driving him crazy.His mind spread among the memories of those nights: her flushed and writhing body coming undone by his touch while hearing her moans filled with pleasure, her tangled hair and rosy cheeks... Gods.She was the death of him.That night he hadn't stopped touching her, caressing and kissing her, giving her as much pleasure as he could. And the next nights it had been the same. They just could not get enough from the other.He could not get enough of her body, her curves, the soft texture of her skin and the pale colour of it — how her body flushed and warmed at his touch. He could not get enough of her tiny hands travelling all his body and burning his cold skin with her touch — it was impossible to get tired of her touch.He couldn't get enough of the pleasant and subtle aroma the soft curls of her hair released every time he was near it. He could not get enough of her pink-full lips and their taste — their fucking sweet taste.She was like black magic, which had infected his brain with warmth...That made him want to destroy her, every part of her, atom by atom... But he also wanted to take care of her — protect her from everything and everyone, included himself.That reminded him of the little scar on her body — on her ribs. It was small, almost if it had been fading away already. But — the thing was that that little scar was not the only one she had.He had seen them while she slept. His eyes had betrayed him although he had fought to not pay attention.There were three on her ribs — one was an X, so it counted as two and the other was the first he had seen. Three more were on her left inner thigh, those were small but seemed deeper than the others. And finally one on her back, it was small and it didn't seem deep.And he could not help and wonder how the fuck she had acquired those small scars.He despised her for that.For making him worry about her.He could live with that though — he did not want to do it.He had tried to convince himself that it was just the crazy hormones, that being so obsessed with her was just a thing of the moment, that it would go away and he would get bored of her and her lips — and her body and her moans and—        Yeah, yeah, we get it.He had definitely let all his barriers fall — how? That was the million galleons question. He was really trying not to mess all up with all the shit that was on his brain — but why? That was another million galleons question.But he wanted to destroy her so bad..."Malfoy!" He quickly turned his head in the direction of the stairs, where she was. Her elbows rested on the barandal and her face resting on her hands. "I want to tell you something.""What now?" he asked rolling his eyes in amusement."Have I told you that I literally hate you so much and want to run over you with a truck but first kiss you?" She asked raising an eyebrow and seeing him with a naughty smile. He rolled his eyes in amusement and quickly got up from the bench to start walking in her direction."Oh, no worries, I want to do the same with you," he laughed as he climbed the stairs in a hasty pace chasing the girl while both laughed.Neither had realised it, but Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy looked at them from the sofas in the living room. The boy's father smiled behind his newspaper and hide his laughter; his wife, on the other hand, only denied with her head laughing.Meanwhile, on the top floor, Draco was looking for the girl for all the rooms. At some point, they had started playing hid-and-seek and although Leevanna was very good in the game, she stepped on a loose wood making noise, which attracted the blond's attention, who pretended not hearing anything while opening the door of another room that was quite far from her position to distract her.The green-eyed one came out of her hiding place in total silence and carefully — thinking that he had gone by another way, but suddenly, Draco took her by the waist lifting her a bit and making her laugh."I won," he whispered in her ear before leaving a kiss on her neck.She did not jump when he touched her — why he kept being able to touch her and not make her jump?"It's all a competition for you, innit?" She chuckled and turn to look at the boy while putting her hands on his shoulders."If it wasn't, life wouldn't be fun," he replied by raising an eyebrow."Touché," she laughed and both remained silent for a few seconds just breathing near the other.Both looked at each other's lips.They couldn't get enough from the other.Draco pushed Leevanna against the wall when he joined his lips with hers abruptly. He wrapped his right hand around her neck and began to suck the white skin from the girl's neck, leaving dark bruises in the path, she let escape a small groan from her lips. The blond grabbed her from behind and she surrounded the boy's waist with her legs crashing with everything they had in their path.Both laughed when they hit a small table and drove a couple of ornaments.Leevanna stepped the floor again and Draco pulled her from the wrist as both began to run until they arrived at the boy's room, where he fiercely joined their lips and, after closing the door and muttering 'Muffliato', began to caress her skin under her black blouse.He smiled satisfied when he heard her let go of a moan when he turned around and pushed her erection against her ass.He pushed her even more against the wall kissing her neck, entering his cold hand under the girl's skirt and starting to move his fingers over her clit slowly, torturing her — rubbing, pressing and sliding back and forth rhythmically. His fingers started soaking wet.He pulled her panties down leaving them on the floor and sank his thick fingers deep into her wet, throbbing cunt without hesitation."Hands on the wall, Vaughan," he ordered.Leevanna did it instantly while trying to contain her moans. That turn him even more.He loved to see her skin bristle at his touch and hearing her breathy and purring moans."Scream all you want, little girl," he said in her ear before sucking her earlobe gently, doubling all the sensations. "No one is going to hear you."Then he sank another finger, and another, until she couldn't resist anymore and let a loudly moan escape her red lips, a thing that made him smirk diabolically."Draco..." she moaned loudly.Her breathing was ragged and desperate so he fastened his pace, causing a delirious stream of moans to escape from her mouth.He knew how to touch her, how to play with her until she reached her limit.There was something in the way she moaned his name that simply made him crazy — it made him implore for her to say it out loud, for her to admit that he was the only one who could touch her like that.He moved his fingers from her clit to her mouth, shoving his wet fingers inside and feeling her suck slowly on them while letting little moans escape her mouth. His fingers sank further down her throat and he liked the way he could feel her gag."Good girl," he whispered into her ear while with one of her hands he grabbed the girl's entire hair turning her in a made-shift ponytail. She moaned against his fingers and he could felt the vibrations of her throat against them.For Salazar's sake... Her fucking purring moans were driving him fucking mental.Why he just couldn't get enough of it? Why he couldn't stop reproducing her purrs in his brain? — It was like torture, a delicious one.She was fucking delicious.Like a dessert tempting you, ready to eat and taste in your mouth, feeling all its flavour inside it as you chew slowly, not wanting it to end.Fucking hell. Why he compared her with fucking food?! What was wrong with him?Feeling how the climax started to build inside him, he unzipped his dress pants fast while he pulled out of her and turned her around still holding her hair — she eyed his cock. She sank to her knees on the wooden floor and opened her rosebud mouth obediently. He slid inside her mouth, her warm tongue enveloping it and he groaned in satisfaction.Her tiny hands wrapped around its base and then caressed it.She let out his hard member of her mouth and wondered for less than a millisecond.Why she was—       Oh.Her tongue had slid up his base and then down before she twirled and left a small open-mouth kiss on it making him let escape a drowned groan.Her hands wrapping slowly and with curiosity — just like her tongue — as she discovered what movements she could do and how she could do them.Her mouth sucking the top of his thick member, which was the most sensitive part of all of it — she had discovered that in a matter of seconds.Her tongue gently twirled around as a soft little growl escaped his lips."Fucking — hell... That..." incoherent words leaving him. Low and breathy mutters. "You... Fuck — Aha..."She was moving as an explorer who had just discovered a whole new land just for herself.He saw her experiment with her tongue and hands, gliding and wrapping. She was playful and curious.Then he slid the half of his cock inside her mouth seeing her eyes watering. Then, all the ten inches inside her pretty mouth.       Fast learner this one, I'm telling you.He gripped her hair tighter and pulled it hard as her doe eyes locked with his while she looked up at him and bobbed her head up and down on his dick.Being honest, it does not take very long for her to end him — three minutes maybe, his brain wasn't really counting — and when he came inside her mouth, leaning his head back and groaning, she made sure to leave her mouth right where it was before swallowing his cum wanting and attentively. Her blushed cheeks make him smirk watching how she smiled to herself, a bit of cum dripping down the side of her mouth.While he panted and tried to catch his breath, he took her hand and pulled her up so she was standing up against the wall also panting.It was his turn to get down on his knees.For her — and her only — he would do it.An electric shock shoots up her spine.His hands unzipped her skirt, letting it fall onto the floor without any care.Hid tongue wetting and he decided to—"Wait, wait," she gasped in a beg. Her thighs jerk against his hands — jut inward instinctively, trying to close.He stared at her, inches away from where she had not let any single boy's face to be."Why?" he asked somehow confused. And she, with her pulse raising — feeling very warm in that area his lips were heading —, bit her lower lip softly and did not know how to express herself."What if... You don't—"He rolled his eyes and yanked hard on her thighs, spread them so — strains the muscles.He started kissing one her thighs, first sliding his tongue across her skin and then nipping his teeth on it before sucking, listening to how she gasped. And then he buries his face between her thighs, tongue going on the instant offensive and laving its way across her nerve endings.A moan ripped forcefully from her throat, and all she could do was helplessly jerk and tremble against him as he kisses her cunt — he'd the same, or maybe more, fervour that when he kissed her and her lips were covered in honey or syrup.Draco latched his tongue onto the sweet spot between her thick thighs and she cried in pleasure and satisfaction — and she was absolutely not prepared. Her thighs shaking and finding an ever-building tsunami that she'd never felt before.She tangled her fingers into his hair, pulling it.And she couldn't help but wonder if whether she tastes good or not — but how could she know? She — well — She could not find it for herself, obviously—"Vaughan," he called, stopping his actions."Y-Yes?" she mumbles, not able to open her eyes or breathe quietly, anxious to feel his tongue again."Turn off that extra-large brain of yours for once, yeah?"He yanked on her thighs again and she had to support a hand on the wall."But what if you don't — H-Holy God!"Her back arched forwards.His tongue twirling against her clit.He knew what she was about to say and — like it? He fantasised about doing it to her for weeks. He was dying to do it. Give her all the pleasure in the world just to listen to her subtle purrs.So he thinks a second."I love it, yeah?" he starts, then he slid up his tongue from her entrance to her clit and vice-versa. "Your taste... I love it," and he places a wide, dirty lick against her before whirling his tongue. A mix between a groan and a growl tumbled from his mouth. "You taste fucking sweet."He couldn't believe that he just admitted it — that he just admitted it to her.And he felt how she jerked against him, trying to stifle another whimper.And he knew he should continue talking — wants to continue talking."Addictive — like fucking cocaine," and he sucked the collection of nerves that made her jolt and squirm on the wall and bow her back. He sucked and licked between the words until she started seeing coloured spots that blurry her vision for long seconds again and again. "So... Yeah..." His tongue dipped low, taunting her entrance and then he let his tongue sank into her, rolling inside her when she moaned loudly. He pulled out. "You taste fucking awesome."His hands took her hips tightly, holding her still before they returned to her thighs — then another open-mouth kiss. His tongue settled to work on her clit.She buried her fingers into the blond's hair even more and pushed his head against her feeling how his tongue swirled all over the place.And she fell into a drug-like state and let her thoughts turn to mush.Her legs started trembling by the orgasm that was building inside her.  A while later, both were laying on the blond's bed, naked, panting and trying to catch their breath, they were only covered by the black sheets on the bed.They were not in a quite affectionate position — they were just lying next to each other actually. Neither of them spoke, they didn't need to.Both despised the other for making their bodies hurt in desire.He smirked when he saw how she sat on his hips and rested her hands on his chest."Merlin, I want to kiss every inch of you," he said placing his hand around her tinny waist."Then kiss me," she said smiling, her tangled and messy hair fell on her shoulders, he denied."No," and then he smiled. "You kiss me."Then she joined their lips and entangled her fingers among Draco's blond hair while he took her back sitting in bed while both chuckled between kisses.Leevanna was different, he knew that very well. From the first day he had met her, he knew it wasn't going to be easy to get her out of his way — but he never tried to do it.He liked her company, her scent and the way she laughed at anything, even at a bad time.She had very dark humour being honest."I'm just saying that Tom Riddle was kinda fit," she laughed.Both were laying on the living room carpet as they ate ice cream and saw old pictures they had found about Lucius and Narcissa's time at Hogwarts. They were actually quite high."Vaughan, you are crazy," he laughed making her laugh. "I swear you are mental.""Listen — listen —" she gasped laughing. "It's true! And all the Death Eaters too!""I swear to Merlin, please shut up, witch," he laughed placing his hands over his abdomen.She covered her face with her hand and turned her body to him as she squirmed and laughed on the floor of the living-room.He despised her for making him love her laugh.At half-past ten of the 31st of December, Draco was waiting for her at the end of the stairs while buttoning on of the sleeve's buttons of his shirt. The New Year's gala his mother hosted every year was already started.His head turned when the echo of a walk he knows pretty well make its appearance.And he reminds the Yule Ball.She keeps looking for him. And he keeps being the one waiting for her.A smile appears in her face when she sees him before she starts to descend the stairs carefully.And she looks like a princess — Queen. She looks like the Queen.Her white, tulle strapless dress has beautiful golden floral print all over it. The border of her breast is covered by the two outstanding tulle, thick lines that have two layers. Her waist seems a bit smaller from the kind of thick belt that's part of the dress. Around her neck there's a silver velvet chocker and a the gold necklace he had given to her few hours ago. It had a golden, tiny little star as pendant. Her hair was in soft spiral curls as always but with the difference that two strands had been pulled behind in braids and two more fell by the sides of her face."Too pompous, innit?" she blushed furiously when her hand rested on his to start walking inside the enormous room the Malfoys used for galas. "Give me five minutes and I'd chan–""It's fine, Leevanna," he whispered in her ear. "Beautiful are you."She was about to say something else but s laughter interrupted them. A dark-haired boy that seemed two years older than them approached with a glass of champagne in his hand. Another with brunet hair next to him, who resulted so familiar..."But if it's our fluffy thing!" said cheerfully the dark-haired. His accent was kind of American."William," the green-eyed rolled her eyes. "And your puppy," she said referring to the brunet, who put a hand on his chest pretending to be outraged. "Ashton.""I changed your diapers and this is how—""Ignore them, they're buffoons," she cut him off making Draco chuckle. "This clown here's Lhu's cousin, Ashton Oneyl," she said. Now familiarity was understandable now. "And its master, William — Liam Sthone... My cousin," and Draco shook hands with both. "Draco Malfoy in the flesh.""So, boyfriend and girlfriend, are you?" smirked Ashton."He's not my boyfriend, you puppy," she huffed. "But he's mine so don't you dare to pull out one of your blondes.""You're blonde.""I'm not!" she shrieked. "I have white hair!""Possesive, isn't she?" muttered who was Liam in Draco's ear pretending to be afraid."Very," said Draco feeling her pull him from his sleeve. "Oh, yeah, sorry about your father, Ashton," he said reminding the article in the Prophet a month ago.And he's curious why Liam looks at Leevanna before looking at his friend."Nah, don't worry mate," he shrugged. "He was a bastard," Draco chuckled lightly and nodded. Similar parents. He feels same somehow. "Well," the green-eyed clapped, "move that we've things to do," said Leevanna standing on tiptoes to leave a kiss on both's cheek as goodbye. Draco nodded at the pair and said 'Pleasure.'Draco looked at her. She now was complaining about the pair they'd met before changing drastically the subject and start talking a book she had read last week. And he's listening. Attentively and responding her questions.At some point her hand had intertwined with his and he had held her tightly, flexing his fingers against it. And she didn't say a word.The night passed without any complications and they were most of the time chatting with persons they'd met in the path. There were moments in which both went to a lonely corner and laugh and chat before someone introduced themselves."I have collywobbles," she said leaving her full champagne glass on the floating tray that was on her side."Why?" he asked."Too many people watching," she sighed passing her view throughout the place. "Talking about things I don't want to know, having to answer questions about my parents. Keeping the decorum. Being a doll."If she was a doll, she would be like those porcelain ones. The ones you see in the vitrine and cannot touch. They have the highest prices. If Leevanna Vaughan was a doll, she would be the most precious one."You're my doll then," he said. Fingers sliding down her bare back making her blush before she turned to look at him. "Would you grant me this dance, Leevanna Vaughan?""Fine," she rolled her eyes chuckling before giving him her hand and let herself by guided by him.Already on the dance floor, Draco felt her tense at all the gazes and faces staring. And he knows she's about to run up to his room. Her hands were slightly trembling.And the waltz's music begins."Imagine they're in underwear," he mutters in her ear before making her spin. "Tell me who's the funniest.""The man there, waiting for the perfect business opportunity," she nods a man with a big, round belly and perfect shaved face. "Grindylows' print."And when both turn at their side, they try to hold back laughter."Her, the ballet instructor, the one waiting for man with usefulness, how she would say," she nods now a slim, tall woman with spider-like fingers and a sharp chin and nose. "A bra with crowns' print and aquamarine, tight underwear.""Quite imagination you've got there, preziosa signora," and she snorts before laughing against his shoulder with her forehead pressed on it."Sorry," she laughs and he chuckles against her hair before taking both of her hands and make her spin. "Mr Malfoy, this is a complete offence to the socialite," she says tightening her grip and closing her eyes still laughing.He shrugs also laughing before closing his eyes and enjoying the moment. When both open their eyes again, the music stops with a deep violin sound.The persons clap and join the next dance while congratulating both for their clothes and 'different' dance stile."Miss Vaughan," says the ballet instructor. Her red lips match her black eyeshadow. Her false mole above the left corner on her lip almost make Leevanna laugh again. "Quite a show you and young Malfoy have given.""Would you've preferred Bacchanale, Madam? Surely here Mr Malfoy would love using panties," her eyebrow raises and Draco has to purse his lips to not laugh when the woman's face is shocked for her bold response. "Now, if you excuse us."And she pulls his hand after Draco nods in goodbye.They laugh running down the hallways until both reach the morning room's door. A shocked woman's moan and the back of a old mam receives them."Forgive us!" says Draco before closing the door again.Both look at each other before exploding in laughter.Just at that moment the voices saying the countdown starts."Quickly!" she laughs as both run back to the ball room. When they arrive, she hands him a champagne glass to keep counting.Ten..."Doubt my life gets better," she says before drinking.Nine..."At least we aren't taking ballet classes," and she fights to not spit her drink making him laugh. Both are running to reach the stairs and met Lucius and Narcissa.Eight..."It'd be a pleasure seeing you in a tutu," and he laughs against his glass.Seven...Narcissa welcomes both with a reproaching gaze that makes them chuckle more.Six..."Where were you?" she mutters before smiling at her guests."There's people shagging in the morning room," says Draco and his mum's eyes wide in surprise."Oh, what I'd give," she says and both teenagers laugh.Five..."You three, shut it," says Lucius passing an arm behind his wife's waist."There's people having sex in our morning room," Narcissa says and Lucius turns his head in shock.Four..."What we did in there," the man mutters making Narcissa snort against shoulder.Three..."I certainly did not want to hear that," mutters Draco.Two...And Leevanna laughs.One...   "Happy New Year!"Fireworks explode from the high roof where a the same charm Hogwarts uses has been used there."Happy New Year, Draco," says Leevanna feeling his hand circling her waist."Happy New Year, Leev," he says and both clink glasses before he leaves a soft kiss on her lips and then forehead.He knew she wasn't an ice floe, she was just a girl who had seen the devil when she was a kid and had been forced to grow up. She was broken, that was all.And he was broken too.While he saw her play with the snow the next day, Draco thought how many times both had been made each other cry, all the times they had hurt each other just for bothering themselves.Her laughter seemed the most beautiful thing in the world.He swore that no one else would touch her a single hair, she was his and only his.Nobody would hurt her again.Nobody except him.He came back to reality when he felt the impact of a snowball on his cheek. He rolled his eyes in the direction of the girl seeing how she laughed until a snowball hit one of her red cheeks by the cold. It was his turn to laugh. Both began to chase each other all the back forest of the Malfoy Manor.From inside the house, Narcissa smiled when she saw them through one of the windows, then turned her head in her husband's direction. "They remind me of us," she said, seeing her son rise the green-eyed one by the waist."Oh, yes?" Lucius responded in a neutral tone before lowering his newspaper and looking at his wife with a raised eyebrow. "The nasty adventures, too?" Narcissa rolled her eyes in amusement before approaching him and nodding."Have you talked to Nicholas?" She asked him sitting on the edge of the sofa on which his husband sat."They want to convert her but Neferet isn't quite sure," he replied by standing up from the sofa and standing in front of his wife and caressing her hair."I swear to God, Lucius..." she said with anger in her voice. "It's just a girl. Do something!""And what do you want me to do?" He replied with haste and heading to the window to see the two teenagers, his gaze drifted to his son, something in his chest hurt. "You know Nicholas and when something is in his head, nobody can make him change his mind." Narcissa placed a hand on Lucius' chest and rested her head letting out a sigh. "Let them enjoy what's left, there's nothing I can do."And while both teenagers played with the snow outside, it started snowing, making her sneeze.He laughed.She was a little kitten."Come on, let's go back," he chuckled as she looked at him with narrowed eyes for making fun of her. He rolled his eyes playfully. "Come on, Vaughan," he smiled taking her hand.And he asked himself since when the fuck he held hands with someone.Draco Malfoy will never be the kind of caress her head and murmur cheesy nothings, not the type of person who would compare her with a beautiful beach-sunset while they held hands and walk through the sand.And he knew she was okay with that. Because she would never do it either.He stared at her.She was reading, sitting on the armchair in front of him as the fireplace's fire illuminated her face. He leaned the open book on his lap and observed how she sipped the hot chocolate Narcissa'd brought them a few minutes ago.She bit her lower lip, the cup still near her face.And she looked up, meeting his eyes."What?""I don't like you."She smirked against the edge of her grey-coloured cup before she sipped. The tip of her tongue slid across her lip, savouring the chocolate."And you think I do?" She said looking at him.And he smiles.She does it too.And then, both go back to their readings.Back in Hogwarts, the things started going lowly, with the simplest look and smirk.They had agreed to keep the weird 'thing' they have low-low, without telling anyone anything. They didn't want to be giving explanations to anyone or being seen as if they were a kind of couple. They did not like the concept of 'dating'. It was too cheesy.And they did not like cheesy nothings.It seem quite stupid.And also Witch Weekly would make everything bigger that it was.But, before all that, came the first part of everything. The denial.Barely they put a foot at Hogwarts, both avoided the other — and their eyes — for days. No crossing paths in the middle of the night or sitting together or talk when their friends reunited to smoke or went to common room's parties. And they were quite fine with it.At least, for Draco's part. It helped him to meditate what the hell was he doing."I'm just saying, you took Leevanna fucking Vaughan to the fucking Yule Ball," said Theodore while both were studying in The Great Hall next to the other houses. "And you are telling me now that you two are... Nothing? At least did you fuck her?""We're nothing, Theo, yeah?" Draco rolled his eyes still wiring. "We just went together, nothing more," he looked up and raised an eyebrow. "D'you want to fuck her or something? That's why you're asking?""I learned my lesson in second year," Theo chuckled. "And now she's like my sister, eew.""And why are you fucking asking then?" asked Draco again. "We're nothing. If you or bloody Blaise want to do something with her, go on then... I give her to you with a fucking bow and everything.""Short-tempered, aren't we?" chuckled Theo making him roll his eyes. "What would you say then? If Blaise says to you that he wants to fuck her. Or if you see her with another bloke."And Draco jerked on his seat. Barely visible.       What would you do, Draco Malfoy?His stomach twisted. A weird feeling he'd never felt before. Like something burning inside him.Though he remembers — it was barely a vague memory that came into his mind — that when he heard some boys talking about Leevanna before The Yule Ball he felt something similar. It had been a bit minor, but it'd felt like this.Prepotent. Angry.And then his mind reproduced the image of her tiny body under him, the texture of her skin and how it reacted at his touch. Her subtle and little, breathy purrs which drove him crazy. Her pretty green eyes looking at him with desire and lust. The taste of her cherry lips and how soft they were. Her tiny hands travelling all his body. Her soft curls tickling his skin as her hair released that alluring aroma it has."Fuck her between the both of you if you fucking want, I do not fucking care," he closed his book roughly, standing up from his place and leaving the dinning room after handing his parchment to the professor in charge.       You don't care, Draco? You don't care if someone else touches her?He growled. No, he didn't care if someone else touched her. "Could you be my first time?" Another growl. He couldn't care if someone else touched her. He could not care if someone else kissed her soft and tasty lips "Shut up and kiss me." His fingers run through his hair. He should not care if someone else touched her. He shouldn't care if someone else heard her purrs. 

 He must not care. He must not care. He must not care. He must not care. "Please... Draco..."

 "FUCK!" he growled throwing the book he had in his hand to his private dorm's wall. His fingers ran through his hair again as he closed his eyes and breathed deeply.She was driving him mental.She was intoxicating him.He despised her. He really hates her.Why she couldn't get out of his brain and leave him alone? Why she had to make him feel weird things?       Little fucking cunt.That bloody, little fucking cunt.He wanted to kill her. Strangle her until her pale face became purple.With that bushy head of hers and her fucking distracting, fucking soft curls that smelled so fucking good. Her pale and tender skin that reacted so fucking well when he touched her. The way her breathy purrs leaked into his ears as her back arched. The way she said his fucking name. "No one has done this to you?"

 Why he had that necessity of making her his again? Why he wanted to make her his? 

 Because she was his.

She wasn't.She was — she was not — she could not—She is.She is so fucking his.He had touched her first. He had kissed her first. He had caressed her skin first. He had felt her soft and tender skin first. He had heard those breathy, little moans of hers first. He had made her his first.

But the denial wasn't over.       It is the hormones.He lifted his gaze and he saw her there.She was smiling to a Swallowtail butterfly that had stopped flying and stood on one of her fingers. A soft giggle left her mouth when the insect touched her nose with its legs.Nobody was watching her. She was hidden in a foreign corner of the garden with his back leaned against a tree. Only he could look at her.She looked pure, innocent. As if she hadn't done anything wrong in her life. As if she wasn't the cause of his despair.        She's a cunt.He saw her return her gaze to the book over her flexed legs as the butterfly settled on one edge of it. His haze shifted to her tiny hands, which rested over the book.She hadn't noticed his gaze over her.His eyes travelled lower, fixing on her discovered thighs thanks to the shortness of her school skirt. Her skin seemed to glow because of the little sunlight it was receiving.He shook his head, taking his gaze away from her and starting to walk to inside the facilities of the castle. He should not be staring at her that way.       What would you do, Draco? If someone else touches her. Her skin, her lips, hears her purrs and smells her aroma."Nothing," he whispered between teeth as he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. "Nothing," he repeated trying to convince himself.The anger.And he is angry. Angry because if someone else touches her he can't do anything. They were nothing after all.He was angry with himself because he can't do fucking anything. He can't touch her. He can't smell her. He can't be near her. He can't look at her. He can't kiss her. He can't make her his again. He can't feel her touch.He can just stare.Feels like a kid in Honeydukes and his mum doesn't want to buy sugar quills for him. Could watch but not touch.He was so angry that the first thing he does when he arrives his room is throw all the things on the desk before turning it over.The following two days he keeps staring at her, little looks just to watch what was she doing through the day. Little actions and details she has and he'd noticed. And he wonders what else she does apart from go to the library, attend classes and go to breakfast, lunch and dinner.He cannot follow her for obvious reasons and he is not going to ask someone to keep him updated about her. He wasn't a creepy stalker. He just wanted to know if someone else had touched her, if someone else had kissed her the way he did. That little bloody detail had him on the nerve for a couple days, until he heard a group of Slytherins and Ravenclaws talking."What's wrong with Vaughan?" Asked a Ravenclaw boy. "She hasn't left her books for days now.""I heard she hasn't flirted with anyone for months," said a girl with curly black hair who was wearing the emerald uniform."I mean..." began another girl with the same uniform. "She has Malfoy, why she'd want anyone else? And they look so fucking good together."The blond frowned. Why everyone kept thinking they were something?"But I haven't seen them talk at all since The Yule Ball," frowned a redheaded girl from the eagle side. "If they were together, they would at least look at each other.""I swear I saw him leaving kisses on her," said the second girl. "She looked so gorgeous that day. If I'd to compare, maybe Fleur or Granger were as pretty as she was."Draco shuddered a bit. Granger? Fucking Granger? How dare she to compare Leevanna with bloody Mudblood Granger? Leevanna'd been the—He closed his book in front of him and started walking. No. He would not complete that phrase.        She's a cunt. A fucking little cunt I want to kill with bare hands. A cunt."Shush, he's coming," whispered one of Slytherin girls as he passed by the group's side."You think he heard us?" asked the Ravenclaw boy.Draco rolled his eyes as their voices were listened even further. He'd been less than seven inches apart from them, of course he'd heard. They were stupid or what?But those thoughts left his mind quickly when he remembered the first part of the conversation. She hadn't be around other boys. Nobody had touched or kiss her the way he did. That was a good thing. A very good one. His hands relaxed and his body did too. He was able to release all the air contained in his lungs finally.       They also said you two look good together."We don't," he whispered between teeth trying to avoid thinking more about the subject.And certainly they didn't. They — he went blank for a moment.Maybe they — No.No. No. And fucking no.He has issues. She has issues.They did not look good together.And she's a cunt.The denial, again.According the days kept passing, Draco couldn't take his gaze away from Leevanna. The girl haddone a few improvements to her usual routine. Now she sat with the Weasley twins, Lee and Lhu in the garden and laughed more than before. Her visits to the library still the same just a bit longer.He hadn't gone to the Slytherin common room in the middle of the night. He wanted to, to see if she was there, but he hadn't. He'd successfully controlled that part of him those eleven days they hadn't talked or look at each other.But he couldn't help and think about her. Almost all of the time.Her aroma. Her laugh. Her soft curls. Her lips. Her eyes. Her body. Her touch.His mind tortured him, constantly remembering him that her aroma was fading from his room — leaving him.It wasn't until the 16th of January, in the visit to Hogsmeade Village for the weekend, that he allowed his eyes cross with hers.He'd entered Honeydukes looking for nothing in particular, just wanted to wonder through the store if he found something that he might like. And that's when he saw her.She was wearing a white strapless, long-sleeve shirt underneath a black short, sleeveless dress along with black long boots. She was chuckling and blushing because Lhu and Fleur were feeding her with a pink heart-shaped cotton candy. When she turned her head when the door bell rang, her eyes had met his.None say anything, just stared at each other for a few seconds before both looked away. Draco had glanced her a few times as he bought whatever his hands caught. Sugar quills fortunately.When Lhu and Fleur called her to leave the shop and go to another, she'd glanced him before making full eye contact. Both had rolled their tongues against their inner cheeks and nodded playfully.And it hadn't been until one-thirty in the early morning that both looked at each other again.He'd stared at the roof of his dorm for two hours not being able to sleep or even close his eyes. His head hurt really bad since dinner and his body felt numb. So he'd took the covers and pulled them away, discovering his body before he took a candy from his nightstand and headed to the common room. And he couldn't help but smile when he saw a pretty girl laid on the couch with one leg above the other. The fire provided for fireplace was the only thing that illuminated her.He rolled the little minty candy under his tongue, smiling playfully."Hello there, stranger," he says keeping his hands inside his sweatpants' pockets and walking towards her as she turned her head to see him."Hi, stranger," she chuckles seeing him sit at her feet. Her gaze reviewed what he was wearing. She remembered that hoodie."What are you reading?" he asked before turning his head to look at her as he chewed the candy in his mouth. Her long-sleeve black loose pyjama-shirt showing a little of her left shoulder's skin."It's called... 'The Crimes of Love'," she sighed. "Fleur gave it to me, it's by this person... What was his name? Um... Marquis de Sade, yes," she said reading the book's cover. "It's quite... Sexual.""I didn't know that you were so filthy, Vaughan," he chuckled seeing her roll her eyes amusingly."That's not why I'm reading it, Malfoy," she sighed. "It's supposed to be about villains satisfying their most depraved passions... But... They are suffering under the thrall of love and the tragedy, despair and death are inevitable... This book is just... Is beautiful," she mumbles. And he is hypnotised by her voice. "And they aren't villains... They're capable of love. Although they murder and blah, blah, blah... But I think I see villains since a different perspective, I don't know, but — oh, shit, I talked too much," a nervous laugh bubbles out of her throat as her cheeks acquire a rosy colour. "I'm sorry — I always talk too much—"He grabbed her ankle and with agility he pulled her until she was laid completely.       What would you do if someone else touches her? Asks the voice in his head again.       Kill that motherfucker, answers his own voice in his head."Keep talking," he muttered parting her thighs and placing himself between them. "Keep fucking talking all your life," he breathed supporting his hands by the sides of her head. His minty and fresh breath splashes on her face. "Your voice drives me mental."And she's, for first time in all her life, speechless.Her hands let fall the book and grabbed his neck, brushing their lips together before her teeth caught his lower lip between them.His lip breaks free from her teeth and both of them caught her upper lip when she opened her mouth in a drowned gasp. His hand slides down the curve of her waist and makes her shudder when it makes contact with her skin underneath the fabric.And both entered in a drug-side effect. Like waking up and falling asleep. Like opening your arms in the middle of the night as you feel the freedom and the rain wets you.The following day, both collided gazes at breakfast. And his mind can't help but divagate between the taste of her cherry lips and how warm had felt all his body as her hands travelled up underneath the fabric of his jumper.And all starts with little, playful glances, smirks and rolled eyes. The bargaining.Starts with bargaining with his brain and thoughts.With staring at her for several seconds as she reads or writes in class. He has discovered her favourite authors are Phineas Bourne, Blossom Degrasse, Amorette Deneuve, Argo Pyrites, Lukas Karuzos and Charles Demengeot. Her favourite book is Flaws of a Clearing by Deneuve — not happy at all. A man falls in love with a flower, or perhaps was obsession, and when it dies, he commits suicide. The book is bizarre.Starts with playing with her fingers as both lay down and stare at the stars from the Astronomy Tower and knowing her favourite star is Vega from Alpha Lyrae.Starts when his lips met hers very day in the middle of the night when no one's looking. With knowing being alone with him — just his presence — is her way of coping.Starts with his fingers playing with her soft curls and counting how many black strands it has as she falls asleep next to him.Stars with knowing she takes her tea with milk and two spoons of sugar. And she loves the chamomile one.She loves cherry liquorice wands and the Blue cherry-berry sugar quills. Her favourite biscuits are the vanilla ones with mint.Starts with looking at her in the eye every day and playfully smile at her before walking towards her and passing an arm over her shoulders to walk.Starts with long hours under the stars in the early morning until they are able to se the twilight.Starts with unconsciously leaving his rings on her fingers and letting her wear his jumpers.Starts with bringing their bodies together almost every single day and not being able to get enough from the other.Starts with calling her his.Starts with her calling him hers.Draco made sure that no boy approached Leevanna more than five feet apart, although he was still angry every time they approached her. He hated it. He hated thinking about someone else breathing her same pure air, touching her soft skin."I can be near whoever I want!" she growled getting off his grip but he grabbed her again by her arm forcefully."You're mine," he breathed threateningly as he made a fist holding the hair from the back of her head tight. "You chose stay with the dragon, didn't you?" his eyes piercing hers. "Mine."She let out a soft groan of her lips for his action. But curiously she wasn't scared.Both breathed on the other's lips."You understood what I said?" he growled tightening his grip a bit. "You're fucking mine."She narrowed her eyes at him angrily before she pulled the hem of his shirt to kiss him."Yours," she breathed between the kiss as his hand surrounded her neck while kissing her possessively.Both despised the other so much for being so explosive all the time. But they could live with that too.The possessive part inside him grew according to the days, which made him keep the girl by his side all the time. And when he couldn't be with her, he made sure she wore a garment of his: house sweater, his Quidditch robes or his rings. Anything to prove the rest that she was only his.They fought quite a lot too. Almost every day. No big news though, they love to fight. That's what they do the best.The blond liked to see her mad when he took her away from other boys, they ended up kissing every time, others she ended up tied by her hands with his tie or other things both had discovered they liked.He had serious trust issues when it came to persons near him.She keeps secrets from him though. He was very much aware of that. And that's is okay, perfectly fine, because he hasn't the obligation to tell her any of his secrets."Who owled you?" his voice made her jump and fold the letter quickly."A — er — my mum," she responded taking her gaze away from his and grabbing her wand to burn the letter. He doesn't ask why she did it. He didn't ask either when she began writing fast before using the stamp."You finished?" he asked fixing his eyes on her owl that had just step on his dorm's window."Yeah, yeah," she sighed handing the letter to the owl and seeing it leave. "We're going to Hogsmeade, right?"Draco nodded."Oh, you've got a letter too," she said when her gaze lowered to the paper in his hand. He looked at it too.And he doesn't tell her his mum was the sender. With the news his acceptance to spend a few days as a watcher in the Ministry in the holidays, came also questions about how the green-eyed was doing.But she doesn't have to know that."Yeah, granny Druella," he answered and she nodded before both stepped out of the dorm.Keeping a few secrets wasn't big deal.Trust issues came when they were near other people. Even the ones they call friends.But it didn't seem to bother her, she had quite of that too — maybe more than he did.And they don't know if that's okay.They were learning with each other.And that was too dangerous.Because they didn't have any type of control of what they were doing.They were going too fast, to much speed. They were going to crash for that speed. Making a big explosion.They weren't a couple though — as Witch Weekly said in its recent report.Every time someone asked if they were dating or something like that, they looked at each other confused and shook their heads quickly. They did not said they were a 'thing' — they were trying to keep their business in low-low. Just for themselves and no one else. Nobody knew about them.They weren't dating. They weren't a couple.But... What they were then?"What are we?""That's a very good question," Draco chuckled before she hit him with a small pillow still sitting on him.He held her waist looking at her. Her naked body was gorgeous."I'm yours and you're mine," he said sighing."What an honour," she said playfully making him roll his eyes before kissing her.They were theirs.They didn't like tags, not cheesy names or behaviour. It was their way. That worked for them.They didn't say to the other they liked each other either because they hate the other.They really did — they wanted to believe that.At night, they usually stayed in Slytherin's common room reading in front of the fire, sometimes they made out in the hallways at midnight, but lately, Leevanna always slept in Draco's room until morning, when she returned to her dorm before Lhu woke up.And he was starting to like seeing her in the morning every day.He was starting to depend on her presence.He hates that.Though there were days when they didn't talk at all. Although they shared almost all of the classes, they just didn't look at each other, or talk or even approached. They did that because they knew it drove the other metal, almost on the edge of pure madness. Because they couldn't get enough from each other.They could be in the same room, the same table, breathing the same air... And they just... They just avoided the other. After that — maybe days, but not more than four or five —, they finally collided glances and approached the other in silent.They growled softly when they saw the other or rolled their eyes — even looked at each other with despise —, then, not being able to spend any more single second separated, he sat on an armchair and she sat on one of his legs while both read; his hand always on her thigh and her hand above it with one of his rings on her finger.They irradiated power.Power was a good word — dangerous, but a good one.Draco wondered exactly what he felt about Leevanna, and he also wondered if she felt the same thing. He thought about her more than he probably should.But that wasn't a problem.The problem was that he didn't know if it was okay. If the way he wanted to keep her by his side was healthy.He just wanted to make her his, completely.Not like a slave, he would never be capable of doing that. It was un-human.But he wanted her to be his... That she needed him the way that he was needing her.He really didn't know how to express it.But he despised her for making him feel that.He smiled genuinely when he saw her caressing the crin of one of the unicorns in the Care of Magical Creatures class, the animal seemed to love her, which hypnotised everyone for several minutes. Then another unicorn approached her and Hagrid helped her get on the animal to ride it.He knows they are her favourite creatures next to dragons and fairies.And her favourite flowers are Valerians and Magnolias.She smiled at him when the unicorn passed by his side.Yeah, he was lucky to have her.He was despising her so much that his heart beat even faster when she was close.He would not admit it though, that he was starting to feel even more things according the months passed.Why he just couldn't leave her? Why he could not be separated from her?She was so good to him... She was too much for him... She felt too right.He didn't deserve seeing her every morning in his bed with the sunlight colliding with her naked skin.He didn't deserve to be able to hear her beautiful laugh.He didn't deserve to able to caress her tender and soft skin every day or ran his fingers through her silky hair.She was too good for him.And he hates that.Because he was starting to fall.He was falling.But it was too soon... Too fast.Why it couldn't be slower? Why they couldn't just burn slower?Everything was too much speed between them.And it started, by the end of the school year. The acceptation."I'm sorry to wake you," she said with her view fixed on the stars.He hates her more than glorious body and side profile."Leevanna Vaughan, the Ice Queen, apologising? Who are you and what have you done with her?" He replied and smiled when he saw that he'd made her laugh.He hates her beautiful and at the same time sad smile, she had at that time. He hates all her smiles.He hates that she made him smile."Fuck off," she laughed. "But really — I'm so sorry... You should be sleeping and now you're here—""You're mine and I'm yours, remember?" he said raising an eyebrow. "And I cannot sleep either, so..." He chuckled."I was just being polite, y'know?" she teased before chuckling softly."Wait — this isn't Opposite Day? Like — saying the opposite you want to?""Piss off," she laughed again.She'd woke him up about half an hour ago because of a nightmare and he'd decided to take her to The Astronomy Tower.He hates worrying and caring about her."It's only that... I cannot sleep," she said after a few seconds of silence sighing. "I cannot hear those screams again."He despised her alluring, cold but reassuring and calming and sweet voice."Then I'll stay with you every night you need," — though he has no idea what she's talking about — he told her turning his head in her direction, she imitated his action.He hates her beautiful but cold green eyes which looked at him with such joy."D'you think I'm a bad person?" She asked looking into his eyes.He hates her flawless and gorgeous features."Our parents raised us differently, without warmth, but that doesn't make us bad people. We're not bad people," he replied guiding his gaze back to the sky. "We're like our emblem, the snake: sleek, powerful, and frequently misunderstood."He hates wanting her to know that she was safe with him."Thank you, Draco," she said smiling before looking at the stars again.He was falling.Falling hard.Then Draco realised that of course, he hates her. She was fun to be around. She was smart, with a brilliant and diamond mind. She was funny. She was gorgeous. She was different. She always spoke her mind. She had the best laugh. She was broken, just like him, but she was perfect.He was starting to fall in love with Leevanna because she was her.By the Gods, he hates that.

"PLEASE! PLEASE! PLEASE!"

"NO! PLEASE! Please..."

"DON'T HURT HER! Hurt me! PLEASE! I-I'd do whatever!"

 Leevanna huffed and saw the hour on the clock of her nightstand.Five twenty in the early morning.At least she'd been able to sleep more than two hours — it had been three this time.Her hands slid down and up her face, rubbing it and weeping the frenzied tears her cheeks and eyes had. Her eyes remained close for a second.No.She couldn't go back to sleep.Maybe she could use some of the pills she had from previous years — no.She'd become addicted and dependant just having eleven years old and she couldn't go back to those times, she had promised herself that. And also, the pills hadn't helped at all, they just made her brain go fuzzy for some hours."Bloody fantastic," she mumbled covering her face with the small pillow by her side. She drowned a scream in her throat, trying not to release it and wake up Lhu, who was peacefully sleeping in the bed of the other side of the room.The black-and-white-haired took the edge of her covers and pulled it roughly, discovering her body as she stood up.She hates bedtime.Her gaze returned to Lhu again, hearing how she mumbled something about being a little butterfly as she embraced the pillow on her side tightly. Leevanna pressed her lips trying not to laugh. Her best friend always had amusing dreams and she told her about them the next morning — Lhu was that kind of friend.Her feet guided her to the bathroom connected to their room, where she splashed her face with a bit of water to clean the tears before she shook her hands and supported them on the edges of the sink. Her gaze drifted to the mirror and fixed on herself.The little purple bruises on her collarbones and low part of her neck had almost faded away.She huffed again before growling. She should be searching for more spells to cover them and not let her mind divagate among memories when her eyes found them.She was trying to keep it low-low and the bloody marks he always left on her skin weren't bloody helping — though she was starting to suspect that some of her friends were already suspecting about them being a 'something'.They hadn't talked for two days now, they'd avoided each other just because yes. Though it was funny, for both of them. They found that quite entertaining — driving the other mental was more than amusing.But... She was starting to feel more things.       Bloody teenage hormones.She despised it, feeling those weird tickles in her belly when his eyes met hers or vice-versa.She did not know what the hell was those 'tickles' but she did know that they were bad and she had to stop them.He was like those pills for being able to finally sleep. Addictive.But the effects did not last as much as before and started feeling like decaf. She wanted, no — needed — more pills, more doses of it, ridiculous amounts of more prescriptions of those pills that intoxicated her every time — more of him.He was her drug. Her sleep pill.Her fingers found the tiny star pendant. It shines like the diamond it is. Remembers what he said — whispered — when he put it on her. "My stars, all of them, for you." Fucks's holy fucking sake. She hates him.She took the hair-tie over the stand and made a high, messy ponytail before she turned off the bathroom's lights. Her eyes fixed again on the clock on the nightstand.Five twenty-five in the fucking early morning.Then she looked at the book over the armchair on her side of the room. She'd planned to take her time with that book and read it at least in a week, but she couldn't help and grab it before opening the dorm's door carefully to not make any type of sound, then she closed it again. She was a bookworm.Air escaped her lips when she gave a little sigh as going down the few stairs that connected the girls' dorms with the common room. She frowned when she heard footsteps from the other side of the place.And she looked up.And he looked up.Both froze and lowered their gazes to the other's hands, finding that they'd thought about doing the same thing just that with different books.Both cleared their throats."Malfoy," she muttered starting to walk again."Vaughan," he greeted, also walking.Both sat on the same couch without realising it. They glanced at the other for a second before their hands opened the books on their laps and their eyes tried to fix on the pages. Her eyes fixed on the common-room clock.Half-past five.She raised her legs, crossing them over the sofa and supporting her book over them as her elbow found the sofa's arm and her head her semi-fist. She let herself relax and concentrate in the Muggle book called 'The Bluest Eye' that Lhu had given her a few days ago. She'd at first resisted — because of the fucking name it had — but when she read the first page, she just couldn't get enough of it.But now she was despising the book.

I stretch my legs open, and he's on top of me. Too heavy to hold, and too light not to. He puts his thing in me. In me. In me. I wrap my feet around his back so he can't get away. His face is next to mine. The bedsprings sounds like them crickets used to back home.

Her cheeks blushed a little.Draco, for his part, couldn't stop glancing her very two seconds since he arrived at the Slytherin common room. Her messy ponytail was killing him slowly, in the most torturous way.He noticed her rosy cheeks and how her breathing had become a bit more elaborated as she kept reading.His eyes glanced her once again and reviewed her body — the posture she has. Her fingers were now pressing the skin of her thigh before one of them started drumming softly as she got lost on the lines of the page. He saw how her hips bucked softly when she accommodated her posture.When she glanced him, he quickly took off his gaze.She bit the inner part of her cheek trying not to smile as she lowered her gaze again — but she couldn't help and glance him yet again. When his eyes met hers, she quickly lowered her gaze.He glanced her a bit more, seeing how her soft curls slid and left the skin of her neck, leaving it discovered for him. The tip of his tongue passed across his teeth before it twirled against the inside of his cheek to then passing it by the tip of his fang trying not to smirk when he saw the little and almost faded little purple marks on her skin under the shining necklace.Two days and they were still there. He felt proud of himself.Her gaze fixed on him again, glancing slightly as she saw how his legs parted a bit more and his hips bucked softly as he accommodated his posture. His head still supported on his semi-fist. She lowered her gaze again, biting her lower lip to then release it slowly as she felt his glance.They were provoking the other.She allowed her finger slid up across her thigh, caressing it slowly before sliding down again.He hid a smile supporting his lips against his fist before he twirled a finger over his leg and made a small movement — like pulling something.She cleared her throat lightly as she looked away.       Bastard.She made a small jump — so barely visible that you would miss it if you don't pay attention.It was his turn to clear his throat lightly and take his gaze away.       Little—He pressed his middle fingers against the fabric of his pyjama pants before he moved it in a circular motion, still pressing.She is so lost on the movement of his finger that she almost forgets what they were doing.Both look at each other in the eye for a second.She raised her eyebrows, trying to hide her playful smirk.He raised his eyebrows two, rolling his tongue against the inside of his cheek.       It is the hormones, just that, said the voices in their heads.She sighed and closed her book over her lap at the same time he did.Both looked at each other again.       Bloody fucking filthy teenage hormones, but this time was barely a mutter.She chuckled softly and took off the hair-tie, undoing the ponytail. Fixes her eyes on him again, he was still looking at her, just that now he had a raised eyebrow.She shrugged playfully.At the same time she lowered a leg from the sofa, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her until she was very close to him."Going somewhere, Vaughan?" he said making her roll her eyes in amusement."You know... I was a bit tired," she sighed sliding her hand up over his thigh. "A bit bored too..."She was kneeled next to him — very close to his body — as he still had grabbed her wrist in front of his face."Bored?" he asked pretending not knowing anything. "And why the Ice Queen is bored if I may ask?""Wanting to mind your majesty business, aren't we?" She raised an eyebrow making him chuckle."...My majesty..." He savoured the word in his mouth, taking his gaze away from her as he passed the tip of his tongue across his teeth — this time open-mouth — before he looked again at her in the eye. "I did not know I have a majesty.""Well..." She muttered sliding her finger up to his sweater, following the movement with her gaze. "...Now you have it..." And her eyes were again on his."Mm-mm...no," he shakes his head as he placed a hand on the outside part of her thigh to sit her on him. "Why would I, Draco Malfoy, want to have a majesty?"He gave her thigh a little squeeze.Her breath starts shaking as her hands slid under the fabric of his jumper, feeling his warm skin against her cold hands.Their foreheads are pressed and their mouths are barely touching."Because you love how this majesty moves when is on top of you," she breathes.His hand made a tight fist with her hair, pulling her closer to him, making her release a little subtle and breathy gasp."Always the correct answer, don't we?" he laughs breathlessly against her lips."Years of practice," she laughs making their lips brush.Both looked at each other's lips, not being able to resist any second more as they join them together in a desperate kiss as they hadn't kissed the other in so long.Drugs. Addictive drugs.He dragged his tongue up along hers, wet and filthy as they seem to play — fight with each other as small barely audible sighs escape their lips.Her teeth catch his lower lip between them and she pulls a bit before kissing him again, feeling his hands press the backs of her bare thighs. Her cheeks stain red when she remembers that she isn't wearing anything underneath except her knickers — though he doesn't seem to realise it.His big, strong but gentle hands began to stroke her — every part of his body was stroking her, his hands, his lips, his tongue.Gentle but desperate. Not frightening. Just how she likes. Knowing what he was doing. She feels her nipples rise.She allows her body to raise and her fingers tangle in his hair, crawling on her knees before she sat again, pressing their bodies even more.His hand now finds the end of her jawline and slides up her cheek until it enters her hair, feeling the texture as he caresses it.A sharp breath breaks free from her mouth.He slides his hands up her waist over the fabric of her silk black pyjama-shirt and grabs tightly before skilfully changing positions.Now his body is above hers, his hand supported by the sides of her face and his knees by the sides of her legs. Still kissing, tongues fighting and licking, filthy and wet. Her hands find his neck, pressing her fingers against his skin as she pulls him closer. Her back arches.Hormones. Hormones. Hormones.Drugs. Drugs. Drugs.Was even a difference at this point?When she felt his hand sliding down the curve of her waist, she intertwined her leg with his and, in a skilful and practised maneuverer, she ended sit on him again."I am not having sex on a couch," she breathed against his lips as she feels his hands travelling down her body again until they held her hips tightly."Exigent, are we?" he lets escape a breathy laugh of his lips against her jaw."It must be the surname," she laughs before letting escape a small, subtle moan of her lips when his mouth made contact with the skin of her neck, over the other small bruises."What were you doing with Pucey in the morning?" he asks before his lips press and suck her akin leaving another mark."None of your business," she answers.His teeth nip her skin before his tongue slides up her jugular, searching the perfect place to—He bites.And sucks.Leaving another little bruise that she doesn't care about thinking how to cover when another sharp, breathy groan left her lips."You're mine," he whispers against her neck and his hands press her arse. "I don't want anybody near you," voice against her jaw. And she shivers, bows her body to him before her hands find his hair and pull him to her."Yours," she whispers and the last letters breaks in a low whimper.His mouth finds her earlobe, then the tip of his tongue does before his teeth bit gently, suckling. She presses her body more against him, moving her hips slowly and provocative. He let escape a soft, sharp growl and his breath gusts against her ear — it drives her mental and even more desperate.She couldn't get enough of him. She wanted the ache between her thighs, feel him in her all the time. His weight on top of her or maybe under, she doesn't care. She wants to squeeze him in further and further, wants to watch his face as he let escape those little and beautiful sound of his lips. She wanted his sweat to drop onto her as she drops hers onto him, mixing.Drugs. Hormones. Drugs. Hormones.His hand snaked across the curve of her neck and surrounds it. Presses her throat with his fingers gently. His rings pressing too. And she remembers she gave him a silver, Celtic ring with a sun design — unspoken indirect. His thumb collides with her lips and she just has this necessity of... Biting it — slowly, gently.And another breathy growl leaves his lips as she presses her teeth. His eyes watching every move. She lowers her head as she keeps suckling. Her eyes never leaving his."Stop," Draco says when he hears footsteps while taking his thumb out of Leevanna's mouth as she lifts her head. "I think someone is coming."She raised an eyebrow pressing her body closer to Draco's and moving her pelvis provoking him, he placed his hands on her hips trying to stop her.She was a fast learner, she's discovered pretty quickly all the movements that turned him on in a matter of seconds."I'm being serious," he continued, grabbing her harder and pulling her upright stopping her movements in once. She giggled."Don't be boring... I want to see your cheeks glow red as they see us," she said in his ear teasing him before kissing his neck and laugh."Oh, so now you want to have sex on a couch?" he teases making her chuckle again and nods as he turns his head to fix his gaze on the dungeons' entrance. "If it's Snape, we're fucked.""I will ask him to join us then," she said in his ear, then she passed the tip of her tongue across his earlobe before biting it gently. Her arms surround his neck before she seeks for his lips to finally kiss him."You're crazy," he laughed forgetting what he had heard and returning the kiss."But you like that," she said feeling how his veiny hand surrounded her neck again. Draco began slowly kissing down her jawline and her neck, leaving a fresh trail of new little bruises hearing the girl's little, breathy moans. Now her cheeks were glowing red."You were saying about the cheeks?" he mocked."Piss off."What had started as quiet reading because of their sleep problems had become a fairly exciting sexual and teasing game, and both were pretty proud of themselves for knowing how to provoke the other with the simplest actions.Luckily, the steps that Draco had heard had been nothing more than the fire making echo against the stone.Leevanna wrapped her legs around the blond's waist feeling his hands holding her from the arse before lifting her and starting to walk in the direction of his private bedroom.She liked that part of Draco, so possessive, dominating and wild.Oh, for Salazar's sake. She had just admitted it.She despises him.Yeah... Hates— Oh, to the same shite.Once he closed the door, he sat her on a desk and then began to unbutton her green silk nightgown. Draco looked at her with a raised eyebrow and a playful smirk when he realised they she did not have anything underneath it except for her underwear. She just shrugged.He took the back hem of his sweater and pulled it above his head to take it off.The green-eyed one surrounded his neck with her arms, drawing him closer while he pushed the silky fabric backwards. She took her head back when she felt the boy's lips make contact with the skin of her neck and chest again.She moaned when she felt how one of Draco's cold fingers began to make circles on her clit above her underwear — skilful fingers. She frowned at him when she felt him stop, which made him chuckle against her jaw before kissing her lips and bent the desk until he found his tie.They liked the tie so much.She entangled her legs at his waist and was left in bed with some rough. He placed himself between her legs and tied her hands with the green tie, then covered her eyes with a bandage that was on the nightstand.Another thing they had discovered they liked.His hand climbed her leg slowly, his breath with hints of mint and lemon balm splashing against her cherry. His finger traced up her thigh, making a whimper leave her mouth.He touches her so good.Draco left a kiss on her lips at the same time that he found her clit with his fingers again. So swollen and moist.With his index finger, he stroked it. Rubbing it in a coaxing, circular motion. Massaging it while he continued to listening to her moans of pleasure.Purrs... Like a kitten... A delicious and tiny but dangerous kitten.The combination of the cold of his fingers and the aggressiveness with he stroked her were fascinating. Leevanna felt how he increased and slowed down, torturing her, and feeling his hot breath on her face made her moan even more.They'd discovered a lot of things regarding sex, things they were trying and exploring — they were open to whatever the other suggested.When she felt one of his thick fingers sank into her without warning, the air left her for a second, then she felt another, which made her arch her back moaning as the coloured spots made her vision blurry. The blond's fingers were already completely wet because of her own lubrication, which made him smirk.The white-and-black-haired one felt a current travelling down her spine. She turned her hands into fists, the way Draco moved his fingers faster and faster made her want to touch him and desperate her not being able to do it — but she loved it.That he didn't let her touch him until he was done with her had been one of the things they discovered they liked, by chance. It had been a few days ago after they both yelled at each other and then kissed. He had just untied his green tie and grabbed her wrists before he tied her.She'd asked what was he doing — not as a complain, she would never complain, but she was curious and a bit nervous — and he'd told her that he wanted to experiment with that. She'd agreed and let him throw her on the bed before making another knot on the headboard.Both had enjoyed it, that was the important part."Don't cum yet," he whispered in her ear causing her goosebumps.She gasped when she felt his hot breath on her belly's skin. She wasn't going to stand much. She arched her back moaning when she felt Draco's mouth latching onto the spot between her thighs. Her whole body trembled as she felt his tongue entering her.He was eating her effortlessly, like a fucking God — as he always did.His tongue explored parts of her that she didn't even know that existed. She didn't know how he found them, he just did it.The tentative licks and snake-like tongue effects she had expected were nowhere to be found. He was placing wide, wet, open-mouthed kisses on her — like when someone could get enough from their dessert and passes their tongue through the whole plate to clean it and enjoy every part of it, without any single drop of regret."You..." he breathed against her. "You taste so fucking good."He liked talking to her — saying how much he enjoyed making her squirm under him as he twirled his tongue making her jerk and jolt, how much he enjoyed her sweet taste filling his mouth.He licks, sucks and closes his lips hard over her, again and again, and again. The gasps he was giving, for holy Salazar's sake — that made her moan even more.She was absolutely loving how his tongue moved inside her. And his growls and gasps... Like a fucking symphony.Slytherins, they say.The snakes are their emblem after all.Her thighs began to shake as they pressed his head softly. Her back arching every time he introduced his tongue inside her wet entrance and her breathy moans were music for him.Her purrs drove him crazy."God..." she moaned, loudly and unable to control herself for much more after several seconds feeling how to orgasm was building inside her."Cum for me," his deep voice caused those tickles in her stomach and, when she felt his tongue again inside her, she didn't hold it anymore.Draco cleaned the thread of saliva of his lower lip with the back of his wrist and saw how she bit her lower lip trying to control her panting breath. A ragged sigh came out of her pink lips when he began to move his index finger linearly on her clit. With his free hand, he took the bandage out of her eyes and untied her hands while she moaned on his lips.Leevanna quickly changed the position and sat on him by placing her hands on his bare torso."My turn," she whispered in his ear before taking his cock with one of her hands and starting to massage it from top to bottom, she smiled when she heard a moan drowned in the blond's throat.She had the power now and has learned a lot of things since the last time — and the majority part of it was her own merit.The last weeks she had decided to join Lhu and some other girls to their usually pyjama-party — thing that she didn't do very often — and at some point of the night the girls had started talking about sex — every fucking type of sex they knew about — and Leevanna had paid extremely attention when they started talking about how to give oral sex, she hadn't said anything, but she was attentive.She'd listed how those girls talked about how to breathe correctly to not choke or feeling like puke, also the movements boys liked — without teeth, just lips and tongue —; she'd also listened to how they talked about the tastes some of the boys had — salty or hotdog-water were the worst; slightly metallic or sweet were the bests — and she hadn't been able to avoid and think that Draco was like the second type, sweet.The girls had also talked about the sizes they had seen — sluggish and short; hard, thick and long — and Leevanna hadn't helped and blushed a bit, attracting the other girl's attention with that — she'd tried to stay silent all night and just listen while she read. They had asked her if she could say something about Draco, she had refused at first but then she just said 'second in all and voila.'"Hell... You... Aha...Fuckin' angel..." and his voice breaks in a growl. "Le... 'anna... Fuck," he whispers darkly.Leevanna Vaughan was the brightest and fastest learner ever. She loves to make him lose control in this way. Feels so powerful and on the world's top.And although Draco hated not seeing her being submissive at what he did to her, it was a fucking guilty pleasure seeing her with the power.She settled on the bed and took her head back when she felt one of the blond's hands picked her hair up hard. She took his cock with one hand and passed her tongue all over his tip before slowly sliding it inside her mouth. Just lips, no teeth — how the girls had said.He gasped feeling her warm tongue pass all the length of his dick and finish on the tip, his back hit the head of the bed even more.She started sucking his thick tip slowly, twirling her warm tongue around it as she pressed.Then her rosebud mouth slowly started letting most of his cock inside it.He held her hair stronger and pushed her head down, he liked the way she gagged on it — because she was still learning how not do it, but the sounds she made drove him mental and he wasn't going to complain if she didn't learn how not to do them anymore.Draco took his head back feeling the climax coming already after a few minutes. That girl didn't make him last very long, but it really didn't matter to him. Her doe eyes locked at his as she looked up at him. He took her hair hard and raised his head."Leevanna Vaughan, fastest learner of her age," a breathy laugh escaped his lips making her shrug playfully. "Good girl," he muttered under his breath, she smiled satisfied.Leevanna sat on his cock as he took her hips tightly and moved his lips towards her neck.The green-eyed one nailed the blond's back and leaned her head on his shoulder feeling how he penetrated her harder and aggressively; she cried in pleasure.Draco put a hand around her neck and was fascinated to see the submission in Leevanna's eyes — she had acquired that look since they had to start to have sex and it was accentuating even more.At least when she looked at him.He started kissing her chest and neck leaving dark bruises on her skin. He surrounded her with his arms attracting her more to his while she entangled her fingers between the blond's hair and moaned on his lips between every kiss.He supported his head on Leevanna's shoulder feeling the orgasm built on his body. She clung to him feeling how a current ran through her back and her legs were beginning to tremble again.After a couple of minutes, she let escape a loud moan from her lips when she felt her body liberated. The blue-grey-eyed one clung strongly to her small body coming inside her. Both gasped tiredly before joining their lips with despair and possessiveness.The sky was beginning to lighten behind the window and the crazy hormones infecting them again.Because that's how adolescence is supposed to be, a life filled with crazy hormones that don't let you think clearly and make stupid decisions — which you might regret later or not. That's the way it goes in adolescence. You try things out in the dark, when the grouping is anonymous and blind.It's a kind of fugue state full of coloured spots that blurry your vision and tickles that settle in your belly, anyway, early sex and emotions. Before the real routine sets in, or the love.Whatever comes first, hours later, when the sunlight started settling even more behind the windows, illuminating the most darker places where the affairs happened once, Leevanna snorted."The dragons aren't so scary," her lips still curved up in a smile. "They're very lovely if you get to know them," she continues looking at him. "And your name translates to Dragon, you cannot be afraid.""Of beasts that can eat me in a single bite?" he raised an eyebrow, playing with one of her curls. "Of course I can."She rolled her eyes in amusement."You're so annoying that they would puke you," and her laugh made him roll his eyes playfully. "Anyways, I have to go, Lhu is going to wake up soon.""What's this, Cinderella? You use me and then leave?""Oh, poor you," she laughs. "But, yes, I used you as a sexual slave," and she winks at him teasingly before he gave her a little spank over the fabric of her nightgown before she could stand up making her laugh.Draco denied with his head, trying not to chuckle as he watches her walk towards the bathroom connected to his room. He sighs. His gaze drifted to the nightstand by his side, when the book he took the other night was supposed to be.He stands up, running his fingers through his hair and pushing it backwards, leaving a few strands toppling his browns. His hand takes the cup from his desk and he drank the water in it with a hand on his hipbone over his black sweatpants's l fabric.Hearing a few and rushed mumbles behind the door makes him frown softly before he drinks the liquid in one and leaves the cup on the desk again. His head turned when he heard the bathroom door being open, where a Leevanna with a soft frown is.At the same time, the door was open."Draco, have you seen my under—"And the, now, six people's eyes widened open as they stared at each other."Told you!" said Theodore Nott excited towards Lhu and Daphne. "They were here.""...Wear..." mumbled Leevanna."Two sickles more!" celebrated Theo, now towards Pansy. "Go, Theo... Go, Theo," he started humming playfully."I—" tried Draco still in shock. "What the hell are you four doing in my room?""What the hell is she doing in your room looking for her knickers?" laughed Pansy pointing Leevanna with raised eyebrows."We—" Draco looked at the green-eyed."We were—" the green-eyed looked at Draco.And maybe if they could be able to coordinate and answer and didn't said 'playing chess' and 'painting', their friends may not have laughed."Yeah, you were painting a whole renaissance thing," mocked Daphne. "She was your Venus and he was your David or what?""My what?" Draco asked confused."Is the goddess of sex, love, war and beauty, also known as Aphrodite for the Greeks—" said the green-eyed without being able to avoid it before everyone looked at her with a raised eyebrow making her deny with her head. "Anyways, we— I— what hour is it?""Almost half-past eight," chuckled Lhu making Leevanna realise their slip on time had caused everything. "Come on you know-it-all, you and I are going to talk.""Yeah— yeah... Um, my...""Here," mumbled Draco extending her the lace fabric. She took it quickly and grabbed Lhu's wrist pulling her out of the room."Want to have a little chat too, blondie?" mocked Theo making Pansy and Daphne laugh. "Want to talk about protec—""Get the fuck out of my room," Draco rolled his eyes pushing Theo, Daphne and Pansy out before he closed the door.Well, they tried to keep it low-low.As Leevanna grabbed her book from the couch of the Slytherin common room after she put on her knickers, Lhu looked at her with playfully narrowed eyes while they headed to their dorm.Barely both girls arrived at their dorm, Lhu let out a loud laugh."Wait— why— why are you laughing?" asked Leevanna not being able but chuckle too."Y-Your face! Ha!" the curly-haired gasped before she laughed again. "Draco's face! Oh, holy Salazar..." she breathed, now just chuckling. "The best way to start the morning.""Wait— so, you're not angry with me for not... Telling you? About — you know...""Of course not!" she chuckled, grabbing a brush from their dressing table. "I even bet with the twins, Lee, Theo, Daphne and Pansy about it," she shrugged smiling as Leevanna rolled her eyes amusingly. "I won by the way.""You always win," the green-eyed laughed as she headed to the bathroom to take a bath.Half an hour later, while Lhu tried making her friend talk about her 'situation' with Malfoy, Leevanna searched for a charm to cover the little marks on her skin."We're not dating," huffed the green-eyed finally finding what she wanted and grabbing her wand. "We don't date, because—""—because dating is not your thing," Lhu completed for her, rolling her eyes in amusement. "I'm just happy that you have someone to shag with.""Yeah, I guess," Leevanna breathed. "Let's go, shall we? I'm starving.""Leevanna Vaughan hungry? What the hell has Malfoy done to you?""Oh, shut it," the girl laughed as she closed the door.When both girls arrived at The Great Hall, the laughs of Pansy, Daphne and Theodore received them. The second one was using two celery sticks making them 'kiss' as the first one mentioned held her belly and her cheeks glowed red."Oi, Vaughan!" Laughed Theo. "Guess who are these celery sticks?" And he made the sticks 'kiss' again as he made sounds with his mouth.Draco, at his side, covered his face with one hand and slid it down just leaving his index finger flexed against his hand and his chin supported on the rest of his hand."Please, end with my suffering," he implored looking at Leevanna."Electric chair or execution?" she asked, playfully raising an eyebrow as she sat next to him."I was going for the Killing Curse but if you put the options on the table... Execution," he sighed. "Make sure my head is donated to the Gryffin-losers common room.""I'll make sure of it," she let out a sigh from her lips as she took a blueberry from the blond's plate. "Make sure your ghost tells the executioner to kill me next," and he nodded. Both turned their heads towards their friends when they realised there was no sound.   "What?" both asked."Are you guys okay?" asked Daphne frowning confused. Both looked at each other."I don't know," the green-eyed shrugged. "Are we okay?""Better than ever," he chuckled as both hit fists playfully.Leevanna took a green apple from a fruit-bowl which was near her and a knife to start cutting it into pieces. Draco took a strawberry from the bowl in front of him as he looked sideways to Leevanna. She looked him in the same way before letting a soft chuckle break free from her lips.Yeah, they were better than ever. At least for that moment, they were.Hours later, after the school hours ended, Leevanna closed her book as a sigh left her mouth. The library was about to close."Oi, Milly," murmured the girl catching her house-mate attention. "Have you seen Malfoy?""No since Charms, in the morning," Millicent responded closing her book. "Why?""Nothing, nothing," she denied with her head. "We— er... We have a project for Astronomy, that's all. Thank you, by the way.""No problem, Leev," she smiled and left the girl alone. The green-eyed frowned softly, confused.They hadn't had the same schedule that day so she hadn't seen him either since the morning. She kept all her things quickly and put them in her suitcase before leaving the library and walk towards the dungeons. Maybe he was in his room, if not she would go to the Black Lake or The Astronomy Tower."Alohomora," she muttered pointing her wand towards the door, which opened barely she finished talking. She wouldn't waste time knocking. She never did it. "Malfoy?" she said passing her gaze through the room until she spotted the bed, where he was.Her eyes fixed on the ball he threw and the caught in the air. The room was in the bloom, but she was able to see his school robes.She sighed and closed the door behind her before sitting on the bed. He threw and caught the ball again."Are you there? Somewhere in that brain of yours?" she said playfully. He turned his head in her direction. Her smile fade away when the moonlight made the dry tears on his face shine."Apparently not," he whispered. His gaze fixed on the ceiling again before he threw the ball.Leevanna made a spiral on the cover and let her extra-large brain — how he liked to call it — think. She frowned softly when she remembered Lucius Malfoy greeting her with a roses' bouquet in a hallway for the break after her second morning class. She'd thought that maybe he was looking for Snape or —"Your father — he was here today," she muttered turning her gaze to him, he nodded. "He... Did he said something to you?""Nothing that you haven't heard before," he replied throwing the ball again. His voice had that something that she knew was making his eyes slightly watery."You had an anxiety crisis, didn't you?" she sighed. He looked at her and then at the ceiling again before throwing and catching the ball. He nodded. "Move," she said and he removed on the bed leaving her space to lay down. "You know... I was on the library a few moments ago, in the restricted section, and I found a book that tells you how to build an electric chair," she muttered placing her hands on her abdomen. "I know you told me you prefer execution... But... I don't know... Maybe you want to help to build my death sentence..."And he chuckles softly.She smiles."I'm being serious," she chuckles too. "Are you going to help me or not?""Tell me the hour and the date," he says as he lefts the ball fall to the floor as he turns his head to face her. She turned her whole body and placed her hands under her cheek. "Can you... Stay with me?""It's not like I was going to eat either," and both chuckled. "I'll stay with you, Draco," she sighed leaving a closed-mouth smile on her face. "You can use me as a teddy bear, I won't complain," and she closes her eyes as she talks, hearing how a laugh bubbles from his throat and then his hand circling her waist.His face was against her chest and his hand clung even more to her as she felt a bit of that salty water she had let fall a lot of times, wetting her blouse, reaching her skin."It's okay... I won't go anywhere," and a knot formed in her throat as she talks, feeling her eyes burning and letting tears slid down. Her fingers ran through his hair, caressing it slowly and carefully as more slaty water wetted her. ༄ On Sunday, fourteenth of February, Draco didn't let anyone approach Leevanna, not even Lhu or the Weasley twins and especially not Lee.In fact, both stayed in the blond's private room all day. Since their friends had found them 'painting and playing chess' a month had passed now.In all that time both had started letting the other people see them together — not as a couple because they weren't — but as a 'thing'.'Flirtation-ship' how Lhu had started calling them. It was more than friends but less than a relationship.The blond had filled her with all the things she could ask for. From rings, necklaces, expensive clothes and books, sweets to flowers and whispers in her ear.That day for example he'd given her a box of Blue cherry-berry and Straw-minty-berry deluxe sugar quills next to a jar of Chocoballs.The fun part had been when flowers popped out from nowhere scaring the shite out of her making him burst into laughter. She'd used a spell to make his hair red for an hour while she ate her sweets and gave him the new series of books he had been looking for.Now Leevanna wore the blond's shirt with only black panties underneath, while Draco was shirtless and only wore black pants.He was very possessive with her.And she was too.Both had tried to convince themselves and the others that they despised each other.And they did, they really did. They really hate the other.But it was impossible not to spend a single bloody second apart from the other. It was too much, too overwhelming. It drove them crazy.Maybe it was the emotional dependence both have acquired in such a short time. Maybe it was never have that feeling of warmth before and discovering it with the other. Maybe it was never have received much affection and attention before. Maybe it was that they were obsessed. He took her by the waist with one hand making her laugh and attracting her to him. He sat her with her back to him and began to leave kisses on the back of her neck. His big body behind her and his arms surrounding her as if he was trying to keep her in that position as an injured little bird — he saw her as an injured little bird, like a little kitten who had got lost and could not find her mummy."All your clothes are huge on me," she said taking her head back and leaning it on his shoulder.She looked so beautiful that way... He could've a perfect sight of her body and touch her in every way he wanted."I told you, you're a goblin," he replied smiling on her neck skin and tickling her when he let hot air out his nose. She giggled feeling her skin bristle."Very funny," she said rolling her eyes when he put her in bed and placed himself between her legs, beginning to unbutton the shirt and kissing her abdomen. "Merlin, let my poor body rest. Are you a sex machine or what?" He rested his forehead on her naked belly and laughed on her skin."I love seeing how you come undone by my touch," he told her pinching her waist making her laugh. "Hearing you moan my name is heaven," he whispered in her ear causing her goosebumps.The flesh is weak, they say."And after that, I can't walk for days," she replied rolling her eyes with amusement as she settled in bed supporting her back on the back of the bed supporting an elbow on the pillow and folding her legs."But you love that," he said against her jaw before leaving a kiss on her lips and lay his head on her thighs placing an arm around her legs. Leevanna played with the blond's hair slowly and smiled seeing him relax with her touch.After a couple of minutes, Draco fell asleep while Leevanna read a book.She lowered her gaze, turning the book away from her to be able to see him sleep in peace over her thighs. Her fingers ran through his hair, caressing it softly and combing it as he relaxed even more between his dreams.She rolled her eyes, he looked too peaceful.She hates that.But then she smiled seeing his hand pressing her skin as he tried to attract her more to him, as a kid with his teddy bear.She could let him be peaceful just for that day.On the 23rd of February, at breakfast, Leevanna watched one of Draco's ring on her ring finger — it was so big around her that every time she lowered her hand it slid reaching her nail, which made her hold it with her thumb before upping her finger to place it right as if the ring danced.She loved seeing his things on her body.She frowned softly.Why did she keep looking at her finger? What was so especial of seeing his rings on her fingers? Why it felt too right?She just simply couldn't stop looking. It was as if she'd been hypnotised. Her body shuddered a bit as she closed her eyes and tried to make her brain work normally again.       Fucking, bloody, filthy, arsehole twat.Lhu and the twins laughed pulling her out of her thoughts, they were at the Slytherin table."Love, love," Fred said, putting a hand on his chest dramatically closing his eyes. Lhu placed his hands on George's shoulder looking at her friend with a smile."Oh, shut up," she replied rolling her eyes with a smile on her lips.No, it could not be that.That word was too dangerous. It felt too right and it was too much speed — they needed to burn slower.Both kept thinking and trying to convince themselves that it was just the bloody teenage hormones.Just the crazy hormones.It had to be just the crazy hormones, right?"Oops, he already came to kidnap her, from here I don't see you until tomorrow," Lhu said guiding her view to the entrance of The Great Hall through which Draco and some Durmstrang boys were talking. Leevanna bit her lower lip seeing him walk.He looked so fucking dishy doing something so simple like a walk. Oh, Gods, she despised him for making her belly fill with millions of those tickles, for making her vision blurry with those coloured spots.His fingers ran through his hair pushing it backwards and leaving a strand or two toppling his eyebrows."Tomorrow? You don't see her in two days. What's more, start looking for a wheelcha—," Leevanna pushed George's head down, biting her lower lip making everyone laugh."Oi, Malfoy," Fred called him taking a blueberry to his mouth, "could you not leave Leevanna invalid today? We need her to make pranks," he continued trying to hold his laughter.Draco raised an eyebrow smirking teasingly."Fred Weasley!" Leevanna yelled before hitting him with a book that was nearby. Malfoy took her by the waist, leaving a kiss on her cheek.They glanced a each other a bit and softly frowned confused.What the bloody hell had been that?"Unfortunately, that's not possible... But from four to six is available," the blond said, winking to their friends and ignoring what had happened two seconds ago.Both were confused."And remember, I'm very young to be an aunt!" Lhu said laughing when she saw how Draco placed an arm on Leevanna's shoulders and began to go. The green-eyed one stuck out her middle finger without looking at them. The twins and the brunette girl laughed.They had attracted the attention of some Slytherin members, but they preferred not to get in — in that house (that family), they knew it was not their business, it was just the Ice Queen and the Slytherin Prince subject to care about —, instead, Ron Weasley did speak: "How's it that they can sit on that table?""Because they're their friends, Ronald," Hermione replied without taking her gaze out of her book. "Besides, Leevanna isn't the worst person in the world and she looks good with Malfoy.""Are you mad? Is she mad?" The confused redhead responded and then looked at Harry, who shrugged."No," Hermione responded with a soft smile remembering The Yule Ball. Maybe she did like her. Though he still wondered why she had given her a handkerchief when she saw her crying."Mental, I'm telling you," Ron whispered in Harry's ear.The next day, Draco had an anxiety crisis — which he disguised quite well as he always did — not finding Leevanna anywhere.She had not slept in his dorm with him the night before because she, Lhu and other Slytherin girls wanted to do a pyjama-party or something — the green-eyed had complained about it with him and implored for him to tell her to stay, but he just had laughed and told her to go and socialise once in her life — she'd tried to convince him saying that they were going to talk about sex, but he'd said that she could boast about how he ate her, then she threw him a pillow.She had told him she would look for him before the task.But... She hadn't done it.He knew what the second test consisted and if something happened to her...Maybe in the stupid pyjama-party, maybe in the path between his private room and her dorm, maybe in the morning as she tried to look for him... It could be any fucking thing that could have happened to her.The fear was possessing his body.Gods, he despised her for making him care.Why did he have to care? Why did he have to worry?He'd never done it for someone else who wasn't himself and really he wanted to keep it that way... But then— then she had appeared with that sweet and cheerful smile of hers in his life and ruined fucking everything.He ran his fingers through his hair, pushing it back and pulling it a bit with frustration and exasperation.       Fucking cunt.He was going to kill her when she appeared.He is going to bloody choke her until her face become purple before stabbing her with a dagger and setting her body on fire.She was friends with Cedric and Fleur, she could be under the fucking water of the fucking Black Lake. The worst thing was that the French girl had to get out of the water a lot of time ago because of the Grindylows. Fucking Grindylows, really — those things made him think about her too, fucking hell.How much could be a person under the water if she was really under it?Would she be under a spell? A potion? Was she safe? Hurt? The Black Lake had beasts which were dangerous?Fucking Dumbledore who despised the noble house of Slytherin, surely he wouldn't have bothered in using a spell on the girl — if something happened to her maybe he would say that it had been an accident and then give fucking points to fucking Saint fucking Potter just for had being near the fucking scene.For Salazar's sake! And if she really wasn't under a fucking spell and she had been attacked and her dead body was now in the fucking bottom of the bloody Black Lake where no one would find her never again?His brain was not thinking rationally.The anxiety leaving him without air.Where the fuck was she?!Where—He breathed calmly. He saw her walk in his direction next to the Weasleys and Lhu laughing, Leevanna was wearing Draco's Quidditch sweater under her black coat.He approached her quickly and took her arm roughly as the rest walked away chatting.She looked so calm...The anxiety inside him became anger."Where the fuck were you?""Oh, George and Lhu didn't want to leave the library," she laughed after saying goodbye to her friends. "Fred and I made a prank on them, that's why their hair was dishevelled, then we accompanied them to make some bets," she ended with a smile, which was erased when she saw the small red veins in Draco's blue-grey eyes and felt how his grip intensified. "What's going on?"She looked so fucking calm...And he had been so fucking worried! And for fucking what?!"What's going on?" He asked with sarcasm releasing the girl's arm rudely. "I've been looking for you for almost two fucking hours, and you ask me what the fuck is going on?" He continued in an angry tone, making Leevanna frown worried. "You know what this fucking task fucking consists of?" She denied confused seeing how he was staring at her and the veins in his eyes intensified, then he denied with his eyes closed before starting to walk away.        What the hell...Even her brain frowned.Leevanna heard professor Dumbledore say something about how long until the time was up, and she recalled what Cedric Diggory had told her about the clue in the egg a couple of days ago and everything made sense in her head.       Oh, fuck.Although she knew she should not be giving any kind of explanation to him of where she had been... Fuck's sake, she knew how his behaviour was.She stood there for a several minutes snd saw the Hufflepuff boy get out of the water with his girlfriend, Cho, who had to been leaned on the dock's wood so she could breathe normally again.Had Draco thought that...?        You, fucking prat.Then she remembered his red eyes and the intensity with which he had taken her from the arm: an anxiety crisis.Her eyes watered when she saw Draco next to his friends and saw that he didn't turn to see her.Why he didn't turn to look at her?        Look at me... Look at me, please...He did not do it.And it's her fault.Something inside broke somehow.She walked in the direction of the twins and Lhu feeling a small tear down her cheek. 

       Do it.Her green eyes fixed on the dark-wooden table.       You know you want it.Her head hammers, begging for her to listen her inner and cruel voice just for this time. She knows, that would make her feel better, after days, it would make it feel so much better. She feels desperate for relief from guilty feelings. From feelings in general.But she knows, the relief won't last. The troubles that triggered her decision will remain — that they would just be masked over.And she is just there, standing, hypnotised by the elegance of the colour and the sharpness.They are her own way of controlling things.But she can't. She cannot do it again.       Do it. Take it.Her body starts trembling, barely visible but for her withins feels like an earthquake.It would mesmerise her. She would keep smiling and doing it, and every new decision would send a thrill through her veins. Her head would feel fuzzy, but in a good way, almost as if she was on a soft cloud.She could remember, how was it to be under its leverage — in its comfortable arms —, her life would be perfect, completely without need, suffering or fears. She could remember it would give her a comfortable, floating, totally content feeling, that she would crave again not long after coming down — but she also remembers that it was a dangerous counterfeit.It would create a sensation of warmth — the one she needs the most —, fuzziness, drowsiness, and would slow down her over-thinker mind. There would be complete relief from pain. But she cannot. She promised. She would not do it. She can't—She is weak.Her eyes close shut, her breathing is heavier and the soreness in her throat makes the air stutter inside her. She needs water, but there's none of it.       Do it.And she opens her eyes due to the deep echo the voice in her head has caused.The tiny and almost imperceptible sheet of sweat makes her skin glow. Her pupils move once side to another. She feels like she's being watched, very closely, like a camera zooming even more with every blink she gives. Her breath stutters and now she is panting heavily, feeling the monster swallowing her eyes from the inside, seizing and confiscating any ability she has to resist, utterly destroying every single inch of her entity.She could feel it. How the monster dances with pleasure. It is relentless.She didn't remember. But know she does. Remembers the feeling.It feels blank. A blank space.Remembers that is the worst of the emotions.In the white everything was clear, there was no darkness. Completely opposite of what calm is. In the white you can feel everything, you can hear whispers, the demons. The ghost of things brushing and climbing your skin makes you go mental. You cannot breathe.She is in that blank space.        Three. Six. Nine. Twelve.Soon in forms into a kind of labyrinth. Shapes that don't have any of them and all looks the same. There's no shadows. Juts light, bright. White. Blank.        Fifteen. Eighteen. Twenty-one. Twenty-four.She tries to run. Turns around. Nothing. All keep being the same. White. Blank. Without escape. Without air.       Twenty-seven. Thirty. Thirty-three. Thirty-six.The screams are even louder. Make her hands press against her ears. She's trapped in the white labyrinth. Can't get out.As a number it would be 198891. The ones are blindfolds, the white doesn't let you differentiate. The four numbers in the middle represent the labyrinth, curves and infinites. If you turn backwards the number it keeps being the same. Long and full of white.Her withins give a scream, a horrible oneShe can't get out.And another scream escapes her interiors, drowning inside her because she seems not having the ability to speak — she cannot speak. Her withins gave another cry, which echoes throughout the fragile and small shell her body is, bouncing off of the tiny conducts her veins are and continuously ringing in her ears.       Do it!The voice in her head makes her body give a jump. Her eyes close again and now her body is trembling even more, shaking whatever is inside her. A cruel and tiny sob leaves the ribbons and bows her blood-rushed lips are, and a freezing drop of a shining and salty water slides down her pale skin.She opens her eyes again.The voice is like a demon, one which watches her through the mirror of her dressing table and whispers things in her ears again and again, making her nerves lost any possibility to react and her brain go fuzzy, hypnotised by its words, as a fairytale.And her body becomes weak.She is about to fall.Her hand shakes, sending a current throughout her body causing a breathy gasp break free from her mouth. Her fingers are almost reaching it, almost touching what it could be her magical dream that could make her feel good again.And she is about to—"Here you are!" Laughs Daphne Greengrass when she opened the door before sticking out her head again. "Jordan, I found her!""Told you she would be here," the Gryffindor laughs arriving the place next to Lhu.Leevanna's body finally reacts, making her hands get away from the table and wipe her tear and sweat before anyone could realise it."What were you doing?" Asks Lhu with a smile as she approaches her. Leevanna smiles forcibly. Nobody notices it."Looking for something," she responds calmly and keeps her hands on the back pockets of her trousers."Come, we're about to try it," Lhu says and she nods starting to walk with her friends out of her room.Her eyes shift once more to the dressing table, seeing the monster waving at her with a twisted smile. Waiting for her to return one of this days. Waiting to swallow her again just leaving her most cruel and desperate desires.And, as she closes the door, she leaves behind the sleeping pills she had found next to a piece of a sharp razor. ༄ "Leevanna.""Please," she cries. "Don't — don't — I don't—""I do not care," says Lhu firmly. "Start.""Please..." she implores trying to clean her tears. Her body trembles — shakes and her face is red and swollen.Her green eyes look up from the plate where a portion of fruit salad is to Lhu's eyes, which look firmly into her and don't soften how they always do when she cries.Is grateful they are alone."Y-You cannot—" she hiccups "—make m-me," more tears falling. "I don't wa-want to — you can't make me!""Yell if you want," Lhu shrugs with indifference. "I don't care."And she looks terrified. Attacked. Without the softness she's used to see in all the people — in Lhu. She's hyperventilating. Full of rage. Nobody has even obligated to do something. Who the fuck Lhu thought she was?"Leevanna," the brunette's eyes fell shut for a second before pointing the fork in front of her, "pick the fucking fork up or I'll do it."Lhu is tired. She isn't going to let her best friend lie to her again. Is not going to watch her destroy herself like she did in their second year. Refuses to do so. Losing her isn't in her plans for the future. And she doesn't fucking care if Leevanna hates her right now, she knows how this works and isn't affected from it anymore."You can't make me!" she shrieks before passing her trembling hands through her hair pushing it back. "I swear I ate! I swear! You — You can't! You can't make me! I — I did it — I-I s-swear —!""Stop lying to me," Lhu's patience has a limit but knows Leevanna wouldn't reach it. "I know you haven't, so pick the fucking fork up or I swear I'll shove it down your throat!"Their eyes don't quit the contact. She looks like she wants to assassinate the brunette."You wouldn't!""You want to fucking try me?""YOU CANNOT MAKE ME!" Leevanna screams slamming the table. "You! You — You're a fucking — cunt! You — Go to the fucking hell! You're supposed to be on MY side! It's my body! You cannot — Y-You... Fuck you!"Lhu's arms cross over her chest and her back leans on the chair with a raised eyebrow."Okay," she shrugs again. Leevanna screams in rage. Wants to murder her. Keeps hyperventilating.Lhu knows that she's a bit high also.And she wonders how did she get to this state. Leevanna was fine a few weeks ago. She was eating, laughing, smiling. She seemed so happy that for a moment Lhu had forgotten all the things she had been through.But after the second task all had gone to hell.Before that Leevanna herself asked if she wanted to go to Hogsmeade and eat there or go to a pub. Lhu saw her conjuring food and not only water.It has been almost two years. And somehow there is always something that makes her relapse in her own suffering.Lhu recapitulates the lasts weeks.Her best friend had been happy after the Yule Ball, that is, after Draco and she started their 'thing'.And she wonders if Leevanna has been following the way to heal her problem just because she had got someone who would tell her he was proud of her and praise her. But now something had happened and that someone wasn't near her.That was wrong. More than that.Leevana couldn't and must not let her healing depend on someone.But it has sense.That's the only reason why she did it the first time. When they discovered her. She had promised Narcissa Malfoy she would heal for her. And for Severus and Lhu herself.And maybe that was wrong.Because Leevanna didn't want to heal, she thought she deserved the pain. She just wanted to please the other people — the ones who love her. She is healing for them, not for herself.If Lhu is right, Leevanna was only eating  because someone was next to her.Lhu knows she's dependant on Draco. Or is becoming.And she also knows that has its wrong part, Leevanna wasn't fine — she never is at this point — and Draco couldn't be another one of the persons who carried the weight on his shoulders.He didn't even know and yet was one piece of the machine that made Leevanna relapse.She also knows Leevanna is punishing herself for something that maybe she didn't even have control. Lhu isn't planning to let her know that, it would only make things worse.So she lets Leevanna yell at her."You! You are the worst fucking person ever! You — You don't even want me! Because that's why I am to you, no?! Your charity project?! Fucking Dumbledore is behind this?! Severus?! I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS!" she cries. "I don't want to! You — You cannot force me — You — You are attacking me!" her hands passed again through her hair. She is stood up. "You fucking cunt! George is bored of you already?! Fucking annoying — little bitch! Sure that's why are you here! Because he doesn't want you!"Lhu doesn't even bother in show emotion. She has heard those words before. Even worse ones, more hurtful and crueler."I warned you the last time that if you dared to lie to me again it was going to be the last time you would see me," Lhu says. Tone firm and brows frowned. "D'you want that? D'you want me to leave you here? Alone?"And now Leevanna is horrified. Eyes swollen and so red that the green iris is barely visible. Tears running down. Hair messy."You used to be your little partner-in-crime, always hiding things after contemplating," the brunette continues. "Soft, marshmallow Lhu, your teddy bear and the hugs-person. Always forgiving you, didn't I? Staying with you without saying a word. Seeing how you killed yourself. Taking advantage of me. Imploring, batting your lashes and fake-crying," her tone is bitter. "But that's over, and you know that."Leevanna closes her eyes for a second. Trying not to wince."Answer me, Vaughan," Lhu says and Leevanna gasps lowly when she hears her surname. "Do you want me to fucking leave? To leave you? Because I can," she shrugs. "I'm done with your shite, anyway. I should be with my boyfriend and friends laughing, not here, with you. Taking care of you," her finger points her. "You want to manipulate somebody else who would say 'Oh, if you don't want to, don't do it'? Go. Fucking. On. There's loads of them, because I'm not you bloody dolly and I am not fucking letting you kill yourself again."The brunette tries not to wince when the memories of their second year hit like waves."So, you can either grab that fucking fork," she points at the silver piece, "or you can watch me walk away from you. For good.""It doesn't work that way.""I don't care.""You wouldn't dare to leave me," Leevanna whispers breathlessly. Her hand half-way on her head. Keeps shedding tears.Lhu stands up and gives a step to turn around.   "NO!"Now she's seated again and blinking several times to try and grab the fork.When the sound of it being lifted leaked through Lhu's ears, she closed her eyes trying not to sigh in relief and turned around to sit again in front of her best friend.Her hawklike eyes remain on her while the first bite enters her mouth. Leevanna chewed, her jaw moving up and down at a speed that was too bloody slow to be considered average.Lhu knows it hurts her. After screaming, crying and shrieking, her throat must be all messed up and sore.The green-eyed raised her eyes taking another bite to her mouth before imploring with her eyes."I don't give a fuck," she says crossing her arms over the table making her bracelets collide with one another. "Another one."She looked crestfallen."I'm fu—""I swear I'll leave this time, no matter what you do or say, this is the last time you'll see me if you don't fucking finish that plate," and with those words she chews again."It hur—""Again — don't give a shite," and the green eyed swallows her food. Lhu nodded at the plate. "Keep going."And she picked up another bite. ༄        You don't need it, said one voice.That was right. She didn't. She was perfectly fine without it. There was no need.      But it means more fun, said another voice.Yeah, that was right too. Everything would be easier. Funnier. She would enjoy more.      You have never proved those, reminds the first voice as her logical side. And if they are dangerous?The lavanda ones seem happy. They have happy faces on them. Would they dangerous?      If they were, they wouldn't be here, contradicts the second one as her mental side. The twins would never bring something that would hurt you, wouldn't they? They're your friends.She's sure her eyes had caught Pansy taking one of them. Now she was jumping and dancing and all happy.      You haven't try them and—      —And if you never try, you'd never know if you like them, cuts the devil voice.It's only one night, isn't it? She's in a party, all the ones she calls friends are here. They wouldn't let anything bad happen to her. And she needs to forget somehow, has to stop the ache in her body, has to stop thinking about the razor and sleeping pills.Maybe she could try this... Just for tonight...      You don't need it.      Yes, you do.

And she grabbed the pills.Three, being more specific. One colour light lavanda, the other is sky-blue and the third is something similar to mint green.Mint. Mint. Mint.She closes her eyes for a second and mouths, "Nine, eighteen, twenty-seven... Thirty-six, forty-five, fifty-four..." without opening her eyes yet, she breaths deeply and stops counting.And is bitter.Seeing him.Whispering in another witch's ear. Smiling. Drinking. Can't he see she's just behind the gifts he would give her? Can't he see that witch dyed her hair blonde — like hers?He can't. He can't. Can't. Can't. Can't.

Numbers, Leevanna, numbers.Is a big hole filled with 55 of different sizes but all the same colour, a disgusting shade of olive drab. Filthier and even dangerous than yellowish-green. Instead of one five, it has two. Because it's bitter.With a sour feeling, her hand grabs a Beetle Berry Whiskey bottle and pours it in the half-full bottle of Berry Ocky Rot.It isn't enough.So she adds Gin. A lot of it.And the bottle's mouth of mixed alcohol makes contact with her lips, tongue and throat. The pills follow it.It's like snow melting against her tongue. It feels like it. She can sense everything.Everything. Everything. Everything.Zero. Zero. Zero. Zero. Zero. Zero.She can feel the little melted particles tour all her bloodstreams and nerves. Can feel how her body labours and asks for more. It's all so boisterous. Her breathing. Her heartbeat. How her blood voyages. How her neurones make a junction, a minute gap across which impulses pass by diffusion of a neurotransmitter. She can feel the acid in her stomach. Her muscles making friction with her bones.Her eyes fix again on him. Another witch is with him. Twirling her mope-like curl on on her finger and chuckling at what he says.She looks down at her hands. She can feel her pores opening and closing. The particles of skin shedding from her. It's alluring.A chuckle breaks free from her mouth.She can feel and hear the vibrations of her vocal chords. How it sounds.She can see herself. Two of her. She can see herself mesmerised by how it feels.Like snow. Melting. Falling.And the two of her merge again.The strobe lights are so beautiful. She can see how they reflect against the crystals and make rainbows.The world is spinning around her.She laughs.Her head goes backwards and she's just spinning and jumping and feeling every sensation enter and leave her pores.It's all so alluring. So magical.For her, it's perfection in a material form.And she is so happy. Without worries. Without him. Without feeling.Everything is so beautiful this way. She doesn't want to get out of it. She wants more and more and more.But her more shouldn't have been.Her smile is so gorgeous and she feels so good. With her arms extended and her whole body spinning while the lights reflect on her.But it changes. Now everything is too loud. Too much for her.It hurts. Aches. Stings. Burns.The lights aren't pretty. The sounds aren't pleasant. How the things occur inside her isn't interesting anymore. She doesn't — doesn't want to keep feeling it — doesn't want — she wants to stop — feeling...It's a 15.Whatever is happing to her. Is a fifteen.An spiral of colours. She is afraid of 15s.Her head throbs. She needs to stop. Stop doing things. Stop feeling. Stop.The snow melted. The sun ir shining.She doesn't like the sun.Everything is so colourful. Everything keeps spinning around her while she goes in slow motion. It overwhelms her.And suddenly everything stops.Goes black.Black.Calm.༄ Blue-grey icy eyes.That's the only thing Leevanna has weighed for one month and two weeks now.One month and two weeks without talking to Draco, touching him or even breathing next to him.Why he had to be so important to her?Why did she care so much?Why did she need him so fucking much?Why she was so fucking dependant on him?One fucking month and two fucking weeks filling her eyes with tears and her brain with millions of questions. Trying not to resolve the messy puzzle in her head over and over again to not give it any sense, trying to ignore all the perfect visible answers. Trying to Occlude and not being able to.One fucking month and two fucking weeks being obligated to eat.One fucking month and two fucking weeks pushing herself to the limit of madness until she screamed and threw things.One fucking month and two fucking weeks looking like a fucking psychopath because of the torment in her cold eyes.One fucking month and two fucking weeks in which her anxiety has raised.One fucking month and two fucking weeks in which she stayed high almost all the time to avoid crying and thinking.Keeps being in the blank space, trapped in the white labyrinth.There's no way to escape.       Nine. Eighteen. Twenty-seven.She was high at that moment. She wanted to be high all the time. Not even playing chess or reading helped. Just the magical and blessing Muggle-weed that made her feel those tickles again and see the coloured spots too.       Forty-five. Fifty-four. Sixty-three.She takes a deep breathe, gritting her teeth, and inhaling the substance she has found she loves one fucking month and one week ago. One week after he left her, two days after she almost did that again.She needed to keep the count of the days, the hours, the minutes and seconds. She needed to destroy her brain making it remember over and over again without any compassion.She smiles when all the sand coloured powder starts dancing inside her body leaving her with an incessant tickle in her withins before she falls backwards on the bed.      Seventy-two. Eighty-one. Ninety.She looked so pretty and delicate doing something so addictive and dangerous.      Ninety-nine. One hundred eight. One hundred seventeen.A smile formed on her face.She sighs.That was the last amount she had."Come on, Georgie..." she complained before laughing softly."No, Leev, is enough muggle-weed," he said before looking at his girlfriend. "And we don't really know the effects of consuming it so frequently.""George is right, Leev," Lhu said passing her gaze to her boyfriend to her best friend. "You have been like this for weeks."       One fucking month and two fucking weeks, the voice of her conscience corrected."Don't be boring," she said huffing and rolling her eyes as she stands up again. "A little more isn't going to kill me... Come on..."Lhu sighed. "No," she said firmly. "I care about you and I am not—""And why the fuck do you care?!" Leevanna yelled. The tears accumulating in her eyes."Because—""You have all you want!" She screamed interrupting her. "You and your fucking life are fucking perfect!" the girl yelled again starting breathing heavily. "NO ONE HAS ABANDON YOU! NO ONE HAS HURT YOU!"Emotional dependence.Lhu has just confirmed her theory.Leevanna is dependant on every single person that conforms part of the machine. Persons who are her friends and where invited to her small circle of trust.A very delicate machine.If one piece is missing, the machine won't work alright. It could explode. Cause damage. Kill.She had added a piece without realising it. Now that piece was missing. It had escaped. Wasn't there. It had abandoned her — the machine."I despise you..." Leevanna cried.Lhu approached her and embraced her in a tight hug. Is trying to get the hole caused by the missing piece covered somehow."DO NOT TOUCH ME!" Leevanna screamed fighting against her chest for her to release her. "Do not touch me! Don't touch me! Please..." she cried.But Lhu didn't listen to her and hugged her even tighter, pressing her against her body as she kept fighting."I despise you!" Leevanna yelled hitting her chest with the palm of her hands. "I despise — I despise you..." and the green-eyed quit fighting and started to cling to her clothes while she cried against her chest. "Three, six, nine... Twelve, fifteen, eighteen..." her voice in whispers."Despise me all you want, sweetheart," Lhu sighed caressing her hair. "But I'm not going anywhere."Lhu would never go anywhere.She is one of the most important pieces. If she leaves, the machine ends. It dies.The twins and Lee looked at each other trying to understand what had happened — because they had never seen her cry — and how Lhu could control and understand Leevanna so well to not take seriously all the things she said to her when she was angry. Leevanna was having a bad day.

"Here you are!" laughed a twelve-year-old Lhu.

"Not now, Lhu, I am not in the mood," the girl murmured without stopping her reading.

"Oh, come on," Lhu chuckled. "Some Slytherin girls and I are going to go shopping to Hogsmeade and I thought that you could come and then you and I could go for a hot choco—"

"God, Lhu!" Leevanna growled. "Do you ever stop talking for a bloody minute?! Seriously! Shut the hell up a fucking second! You are bloody annoying!"

Lhu opened her mouth to say something but decided to turn over and leave the dorm."No, Lhu — Wait —" but the girl was already gone. "Fuck!" she growled throwing her book to the wall. "You, fucking stupid, stupid."She hadn't meant to say that. She was angry with herself and now someone else had had to listen to her mean comments.

The next day, Leevanna waited in her dorm for Lhu, the girl hadn't come back the day before. When she crossed the door, Leevanna threw her arms at her surrounding her neck.

"I'm so sorry," she said hugging her tightly. "You aren't annoying I swear! I was having a bad day," she continued. "I have them quite often and — and — and I say very cruel things without thinking — forgive me, please," she implored.

Lhu laughed hugging her back. Leevanna closed her eyes tightly trying not to push her away because of the panic her body was feeling.

"It's okay, I forgive you," Lhu said leaving a kiss on her head.

"I'm really, really sorry," Leevanna sighed as she separated. "If I ever say those things to you again when I'm angry, please, don't take it seriously, I'm out of me at that moment."

"I won't take it seriously, I promise," Lhu laughed. The green-eyed chuckled too. Leevanna blamed herself for Draco leaving her.She blamed herself for a lot of things — though she didn't remember all of them because her brain blurred the memories just leaving her with the emotions. Cruel emotions she didn't like to feel or have.On the day of the second test, she knew that Draco wasn't very well, that he was constantly having anxiety crisis for days and she had simply disappeared almost all morning without telling anyone.But — why she had to give explanations now? "Vaughan," called her Draco from his bed.

"Are you going to tell me to stay?" she pouted and tangled her hands as she begged.

"Nope," he chuckled and she rolled her eyes. "Just — be careful... In the way," it had been so quite that he might being saying it to himself — but she had listened.

"I had dragons as pets, Malfoy" she said rolling her eyes playfully. He raised an eyebrow at her with a smirk. "I would look for you tomorrow first hour, promise." She shouldn't be giving explanations. She'd never done it with anyone. Why she needed to do it with him then?She should not do it — but she wanted to.And she hadn't done it.She didn't know exactly how to calm his anxiety — she couldn't even calm the crisis she had — but she knew that her presence was enough for him to breathe quietly. She knew that if she was there, he would be calm, in peace.And she had fucking disappeared. And she'd fucking promised to him that she would look for him and she hadn't done it.That afternoon of the task, she had spent crying in silence  — nobody had seen her doing it and she had thanked all the Gods for that —, trying not to bit her nails or scratch her wrists of how worried she was because Draco hadn't had arrive at the common room since they had fought — but it had not been a fight, because if it had been one, it would just had passed five days, not a fucking month and two fucking weeks without talking.She wondered if he would've felt that way — how she felt not findings him anywhere — when she had been gone — no, he hadn't felt that way, he had felt a thousand times worse.That was a bad thing in her — that she never put herself before others, she cared to much about the person who surrounded her and almost not for her own self. She would let all the people in the world hurt her just to protect the people she cares about. She's very devoted to them.She'd thought about writing to Narcissa Malfoy, as she always did when she needed an advice from a mother figure since — well — she couldn't owl her own mum for obvious reasons. But then she meditated a lot about it and — and she couldn't owl Narcissa either, she was Draco's mum after all.What she was going to say if she wrote to her? 

  I broke your son and made him have an anxiety crisis after I promised I wouldn't go anywhere but I'm the one who is crying like a soul in sorrow and having lunch with her sadness.

  Could you give me an advice?

  Also, we need to have a cuppa with those ice-cream biscuits you make the last time one of this days!

 As if.Writing to Narcissa was out of list.In all that time they hadn't talk, she spent the majority of the days with Lee, Lhu, and the twins. Sometimes making pranks or laughing weakly because of the jokes they made — but she no longer smiled so cheerfully. She usually looked at the ring she had on her finger and the necklace around her neck.Why she needed to keep looking at them?He hadn't asked it back — he hadn't even approached her —, as well as his Quidditch sweater, with which the green-eyed one slept every night — every time she asked herself why she did that, she just tried to convince herself that it was because it was warm and comfortable... And, after a month, it kept smelling of his perfume, which reassured her somehow.She wondered if he missed her in the same way, if he constantly thought about her, or if he was still worried about her.Why did she need to think about him?       Loathsome twat.Her brain loves to torture her.Those icy eyes that hypnotised her so much no longer looked at her all the time as before. His eyes didn't even look at her anymore.She remembered constantly all the times that she was next to him. The darkness of the room while their naked bodies were touching, his soft hair, his eyes looking at her with desire, his cold lips kissing her with fervour and his hands caressing her.His touch was so reassuring on her... So calming that she couldn't push him back — even if she wanted to.The way he said how she was too good for him and then kissed her lips so softly...The moans which filled the room every night tirelessly and the way he made her feel in the clouds every time he touched sensitive spots. She missed his well-formed body next to hers, soaked in lust and without unable to contain himself.But the sex wasn't the only thing she missed.At first she had thought it was just that, because being accustomed to have sex almost every day had fucked up her brain, but then...His presence.His smiles.His touch...Possessiveness, that's what she missed the most. Knowing that he owned her, that he took control of her — it felt so good letting someone control her. She didn't have to do anything.They had accorded to be just sex, nothing else that just sex — well — it hadn't been exactly verbally, but it both had caught the message. She wanted to keep it that way, just sex, just flesh being week and trying not to let the emotions fuck up everything.Why it couldn't be just sex? Why not?Why her stupid fucking frozen emotions had had to start melting when he touched her the first time?It hadn't been much since they were together, but she hated when someone got angry with her. Especially him — but why? Gods, he has changed her. Her brain was filled with why's she didn't want to give answers this time.And she could not blame the bloody teenage hormones this time.It was too soon... Too fast. Too much speed that it was overwhelming.But she just couldn't blame the hormones anymore. She knew that the bloody fucking hormones were not just the only thing. The hormones didn't make you depend on someone like the way she does it on him. The hormones didn't make your brain go fuzzy or feel tickles inside your belly and make your eyes sparkle.It wasn't the hormones anymore.And maybe it had never been.She wanted though — she wants to keep thinking that it were just the crazy hormones playing inside her and driving her mental. She needs to keep thinking that it was just the bloody crazy hormones.She had known him for years, she'd spent so much time next to him — even before they were 'together' — and she'd never missed him when they didn't talk at all because of the stupid and childish fights they always had. They had spent months without talking and she had never miss any part of him, no his eyes, no his lips, no his touch or his voice, not a single thing. She had never missed him. She had never seen him the way she was doing it now.She had known him for years...Fucking years.She'd even spent time in his house for the summer thanks to their parents' relationship and they hadn't talk at all and that did not matter to her, never before.But now... — Fuck's sake, she hates him.She would've never known that she would ever need someone's presence — and touch — so bloody much.She hates his fucking presence. She hates that he'd infected her brain like black and dark magic which drove her metal every single second. She hates his fucking alarming, reassuring and calming touch. Hates his icy blue-grey eyes which looked at her with such joy. She hates how he'd infected — intoxicated her and made her feel weird things. She hates the tickled in her belly, the warmth in her chest, the way her eyes sparkled.She despised everything that had to do with him.She hates him.He builds her up like building blocks just to then he can bring her down and she is stupid and lets him.But why she couldn't just get him out of her fucking extra-large brain? She had a lot of things to think about and she just — she couldn't think because — because of him!Him and his hands. Him and his fucking arrogant smile. Him and his lips. Him and his hair. Him and his voice.        Fucking filthy bastard. That loathsome, tosser, little piece of shi—"Leev," Fred called softly, getting her out of her thoughts. They were in the garden. "D'you want to go for ice cream to the kitchen?" The black-and-white-haired fixed her gaze on Lhu, who was sitting on one of George's legs while he hugged her, and she couldn't help but feel an emptiness in her chest.Days had passed since George had stopped giving her the blessing muggle-weed. So she was tired. Very tired. More than that even. It felt as she hadn't slept at all in a whole bloody year.Curiously, it hadn't been difficult for her to stop consuming muggle-weed. She had just nodded and laid on her bed trying to sleep."No, you guys go," she replied with a weak smile before turning her gaze again to the tree on which Draco was sitting. Not because he was looking at her or something, actually, he was reading, but for her was enough just seeing him. She just couldn't stop staring or glancing him.It was the hormones — it wasn't the hormones.She wanted to keep thinking it was the crazy bloody hormones — but she knew it wasn't.       Ice walls. You need ice walls. Now, ordered a voice in her head.       No, you don't. Emotions, snapped another, as is it had took a step forward.       Ice walls.       Emotions.

       Ice walls!

       Emotions!

       Ice walls!The twins and Lhu looked at each other seeing how their best friend was shattered in silence when she saw Draco. Slowly, several tiny fibres of her hair were darkened until they became black from middle to bottom."They still don't talk?" George asked his girlfriend in the ear, she nodded playing with his red hair."She doesn't even sleep, she's silent, as a living dead," Lhu told both boys in a low tone referring to her red dark circles and pale face, knowing that Leevanna was absorbed in her world and wouldn't listen to them. "She didn't even want to eat and I'm worried," and that caught the attention of a blue-grey-eyed boy, who, even if he was a little far away, had an excellent ear.And although he had tried to convince himself that caring about her made no sense... He still did it.He cared too much about her.He despised not fucking being able to get her out of his brain. He needed to get her out of his brain somehow — but he — he — he couldn't fucking do it!He wasn't very well either. Her intoxicating aroma still remained in his room — his sheets, his pillows, his clothes, even in the fucking windows. She was everywhere and that drove his brain crazy. It was as if he was being hypnotised every time he entered his own fucking room.The worst thing was that she had forgotten a small blouse on his desk chair — he hadn't realised until three days later he had yelled at her.And he hadn't be able to avoid taking it in his hands, feeling the soft and smooth texture of the white fabric between his fingers. Then he had squeezed it before taking it near his face, were the sweet aroma she had intoxicated his nostrils as if it was a drug — like bloody cocaine he just couldn't stop sniffing.Now, he just stared at it, sitting on the edge of his bed as the fabric remained on his desk chair — he tried to avoid touching or smelling it.He has tried to Occlude but it had backfired to him and now his dark sea was dry and the trunks were open.It wasn't the hormones controlling his body anymore.It had never been the hormones.But it was too soon, too fast.He hates her.That afternoon, Leevanna hid deep in the library and sat on the floor with her back resting on a shelf. She didn't want to be around anyone, but she met Hermione Granger, who had crashed with her not realising that she was on the floor because she had a book bigger than her in front of her eyes.Leevanna dedicated a weak smile to her, letting her know that it didn't matter, but her red eyes and soaked cheeks reminded Hermione The Yule Ball — where, instead of the girl, she'd been crying because of a stupid redheaded boy who drove her bloody mental.The Gryffindor Princess left her book on one side and took out the handkerchief she had in her pocket and then extended it to her."Thanks for giving me the idea of hitting Draco when he deserved it," and it was the first time that Leevanna let a weak laughter escape out of her lips. Hermione's stomach knotted when she saw how her laughter was quickly replaced by silent tears. She looked so pretty doing something so sad as crying.It was as if one of her imposing, sharp and imperial ice walls had started melting thanks to the sun that was reflecting on her. As if the sun was wounding her so bad that the ice walls couldn't protect her anymore. Because the snow and the ice melt when the sun comes out, leaving a powerless, vulnerable Ice Queen without her beautiful empire. Leaving a fragile person under a crystal and melting snowflake.And for that moment, Hermione forgot all the things she had been told once about Slytherins. The green-eyed one frowned when she saw how the girl sat on her side."Just because our houses don't get along, doesn't mean that I won't help you, y'know?" the girl smiled. "You helped me first after all." "You can open your feelings, sweetheart," Lhu said. "That does not makes you weak." Yeah, but she only trusted Lhu, because she knew that her best friend would never make fun of her or even betray her by telling all the people about her horrible secrets.But... Hermione Granger? The... Mud— Gryffindor?She could... Trust her?"It was my fault," Leevanna said low, looking towards the window. Her voice was broken, as if admitting her mistake burned every icy part of her. "I knew — I knew he had anxiety for days and I just disappeared..."It wasn't much, but she was trying.Since when did she try?She was convinced her brain wasn't working well."When I saw you two together that day, I wasn't surprised like the rest," Hermione confessed sighing. "Always, since the first year I met you two, you were always together," then the green-eyed one turned to look her, confused. "You went out to the defence of the other without realising it and when one was upset, the other was too. It was funny to see how you played pranks on each other and the next day seeing you laughing as nothing had happened," she continued with a half-smile. "In some way or another, you always end up together."And that phrase didn't leave her mind.It should have left.

Why everyone kept saying that they were absolutely amazing together, that they looked so good and seemed different persons when they were together?Why everyone kept saying that they were good for each other?They were not.They were absolutely not good for each other.They were extremely explosive, extremely possessive and toxic, they wanted to destroy the other driving each other mental until they could not resist it anymore. They wanted to hurt the other.In what fucking world that was good for someone? In what fucking world that looked good? In fucking what fucking world?!Both had too many internal problems.Both had suicidal tendencies. Both had fucked up past which tormented and tortured them every single day of their lives — even though they had many blocked memories.Too much cynicism, too much coldness, too much venom, too much toxicity, too much madness and craziness.They were too dangerous for each other.One was the fire. One was the gasoline. They would explode.It was like giving tons of sugar to a diabetic. Like letting honey fall to attract ants. Like leaving petroleum next to a lit.It was too fast. Everything was happening too fast. Too fucking much speed.They were starting to obsess with the other.They meant destruction for the other.And that — that felt fucking awesome and beautiful."You know, you remind me of someone I once knew," admitted Leevanna making the girl frown with a soft smile."Hermione?" Both turned their heads when they heard the voice of Ron and Harry behind the shelf in front of them."Thank you," Leevanna mumbled. "But you don't even think this is a truce," Leevanna playfully told her with a raised eyebrow before extending her the book she had and standing up at the same time of the girl. "See you around, Granger." ༄ The 18th of May, Leevanna and Lhu were talking to Fleur Delacour."J'ai l'impression d'être le plus faible de ce tournoi," said the girl in blue uniform sighing."Don't say that," Lhu replied crossing her arms. "The chalice chose you for something, you're just as capable as Krum or Diggory.""Je ne veux pas manquer d'un ami, alors essayez de ne pas mourir," Leevanna told her, letting escape a weak chuckle from her lips. Fleur nodded laughing before hugging her."I'll try," Fleur chuckled.The green-eyed froze and shuddered for a second because she was still very unfamiliar with the action, but she corresponded slowly to her before the French went in the direction of her friend group."What the hell do you think you're doing George Weasley?!" exclaimed Lhu heading to the redhead, who was shaving his head with the help of his brother and Lee Jordan."Shite," he said opening his eyes listening to his brother and friend laughing."Your man has become handsome for you," Lee proudly showed the empty hair space in the boy. Lhu couldn't help but laugh before going and cutting his hair herself. "I like this girl.""You don't even think about putting a finger on my dishy and beautiful girlfriend!" George threatened him taking the curly-haired from her waist and attracting her to him."Now I know what it's like to be the third wheel," Fred Weasley said, dramatising. "I feel like Harry.""You and Lee make karaoke with her every fucking night and don't let me sleep!" his twin replied.And while they were arguing about what song they were going to sing that night and why George couldn't be the judge, Leevanna sat on a nearby bench to observe them in silence, then turned her eyes down to the ring on her finger.She should really stop looking at it.       Ice walls, said again that voice in her head, it had an angry tone.       Emotions, said the other, its tone was a bit more calm as if it was obvious.        Ice fucking walls.       Fucking emotions.

       Ice walls!

       Emotions!

       Shut the fuck up! Snapped a third one, this time was her own voice.She was definitely going mental."But if it's our Ice Queen," she rolled her eyes hearing Blaise Zabini's teasingly voice heading towards her, two of his friends behind him also laughing."Fuck off, Blaise. Not now," she replied standing up from the bench and turning to her friends, who had stopped talking to pay her attention."What's wrong?" he laughed, taking her wrist, she let go abruptly and defensively — scared. "Is Malfoy bored of you already? Did he already realise that you're just words?""Control your snake tongue, Zabini," Lee warned the boy standing next to his friend."Oops," he laughed, "Already got a new prey, huh?" Several students stopped paying attention to their activities to watch the show. "With him did you loosen?" The boys behind the dark-haired laughed."Hey, hey, hey," said Fred threateningly. "Don't disrespect her," the red-headed warned by placing behind her and pointing the boy with a finger. George and Lhu also stood up behind their friend."But look at nothing else, you got the whole Gryffindor crew.""And you've already managed to last for more than two seconds?" Leevanna responded looking at him with a raised eyebrow, several students from the different schools hid their laughter. "Because it seems that my dear friend Pansy is very happy with you," Blaise tightened his jaw before taking her arm tightly, preventing her from leaving. "Oh, wait... She slept with Theo last week, that must be the reason."More laughs.But she didn't laugh... Because she's scared.       Three. Nine. Fifteen.Blaise's grip had clamped down on her arm so hard that for a moment all she could saw was white — she didn't really know how could she kept talking after he grabbed her. Her ears had plugged and her head hammers and she could not feel anything but pain — but she could not get off his hand. A scream drowned in the bottom of her throat but it did not escape it.       Twenty-one. Twenty-seven. Thirty-three.And she feels pain — agonising pain.She felt her knees wobble.She needed to release from his grip. She needed to get away. She needed him to let her go. She needed to scream. Needed to run."Look, I'm gonna be honest with you 'cause no one else will, or at least not at your face" the boy looked her upside down with contempt and tightening his grip. "Any guy who says he's interested in you beyond just trying to fuck you is full of shite."A blond with blue-grey eyes who was close and seeking a way to approach his emerald, pushed two boys who were blocking his way and walked towards them with fists by the sides of his body."So I'm full of shite then, huh?!" Both looked at the blond and the other students followed him with a silent look.Leevanna's heart started beating fast.        Oh, holy shite.For Salazar, Helga, Rowena, Godric, Merlin, Jesus and fucking God's sake."Come on, say it again, Blaise! I fucking dare you!" He continued before taking Leevanna's wrist roughly getting her away from Blaise.      Three... Two — no — six... Fifteen...Her vision returned slowly and she stumbled backwards, getting away from both boys.       Ninety... Ninety-three — nine... Ninety...She was about to faint.She collided with Fred's body and she jolted. Her friend's hands tried to grab her so she wouldn't fall, but she jolted again getting away from him abruptly and defensively."What? Are you going to tell me that you want to play the little house with her?" Blaise mocked at him with superiority... And Draco punched him.Leevanna could not see what was happening. Everything was too overwhelming."Said one more thing about her! Come on!" He shouted, climbing on top of the boy and hitting his face repeatedly.He was seeing red.Just red.That fucking motherfucker had had the audacity to disrespect his Leevanna.His fist started bleeding, making Blaise's blood and his mix. The students around him formed a circle while they began to murmur. Blaise's friends tried to get him out of Draco's way.They had fought before, with Theodore even, for stupid or serious things as friends do, but never went so far that they started to punch each other, that was one of the main reasons why everyone was murmuring."Enough! You're going to kill him! Malfoy!" Fred said trying to hold the boy, but the anger that the blond detached was uncontainable.Leevanna was frozen in time and the fact that she hadn't been eating well — and that she was very scared — really made her faint. It was like falling asleep in a dream which no one could touch her anymore, in which she could run and breathe."Oh, God!" Lhu shouted kneeling next to her friend to try to raise her.Everything happened in a matter of seconds."Call McGonagall!" Lee told George, who had been trying to wake up Leevanna too, while with Fred, were trying to take the blond out of Blaise's body, who laid half-unconscious on the green grass. When they managed to hold him by his shoulders, the professor arrived at the scene with a horror face."What's happening here?!" She said horrified seeing the scene: a fainted girl, a bleeding boy, and two boys holding another preventing him to kill someone. "Miss Oneyl, take Leevanna to the hospital and — Malfoy!" She shouted when she saw how the blond ignored any indication and took the girl in his arms so that he could take her to the hospital. "Mr Malfoy!""No one is going to touch her," he responded between teeth without stopping and didn't giving a fuck about his bloody knuckles, the most important thing — for him — was Leevanna.And while McGonagall sent the students back to their classes, she told Blaise's friends to take him to the hospital as well, then she stayed with the twins, Lee and Lhu to explain what had happened and why the fuck the boys seemed to be a babbling, bumbling band of baboons — even after The Yule BallDraco, for his part, arrived at the hospital leaving a trace of small drops of blood on the floor. Madame Pomfrey received him with horror when she saw the girl and then saw him.Half an hour later, Lhu, Lee and the twins surrounded Leevanna's bed to see when she woke up, McGonagall had permitted them. Minerva loved the girl.On the sided stretcher was Draco Malfoy, who hadn't let Pomfrey heal him until she saw what was wrong with the green-eyed. On the other side of the room was Blaise, who had an unrecognisable and bleeding face, his friends were't with him by that time."We should make a musical, this drama is worthy," Lee laughed leaned on a stretcher."Ferret love," the twins said at the same time snapping their fingers proud of their sync."Very funny," Draco said in a low tone without turning his gaze away from Leevanna's face, who looked so peaceful even with those red circles around her pretty eyes. Her long, thick eyelashes caressing her pale cheeks and her long hair remained by the sides of her face, resting on her shoulders. For him she — she looked — She was a doll. His doll.It was not the teenage hormones.He — and the girl, too — wanting to keep thinking that it was the bloody hormones which made them act so stupid and careless but — it couldn't be the hormones.It had to be something else, they knew, but they didn't want to resolve the riddle. They didn't want to risk it all and get the answers which had been in front of them for a lot of time but they had ignored.The four present turned their gaze to him, surprised that he had spoke."I told you that Malfoy was going to win, give me my two sickles," George said proudly of his bet."Did you bet?!" exclaimed Lhu horrified making Lee laugh."I told him that he owned five if Draco and Zabini ended up with at least a broken nose, he said that only Zabini," Fred replied rolling his eyes to his brother as he gave him the money."Unbelievable!" Lhu said hitting the two with a small pillow. "Un—fucking—believable!""Well done Malfoy, five-high!" George congratulated him making the blue-grey-eyed one laugh in a low tone before making a five-high with his bandaged hand."You two are a tragicomedy, really," Lhu said laughing and looking at the blond. "You start punching someone, she faints, uf... You two drive me crazy since our first year," she continued smiling."Why she doesn't eat?" He asked after a few seconds of silence.Lhu bit her tongue and thought two seconds. He couldn't have that weight over too. He could live without knowing he was part of the machine.The four looked at each other trying to decide who was going to speak. Lee ended up being the chosen one, even though he had nothing to do with the situation."And why me?! I didn't even know!" He defended himself with a sharp voice. He knew, he just didn't want to be punched too."Ugh, fine! I'll do it!" Lhu said rolling her eyes. She's going to lie. "It's as if a wand were made of plastic, it doesn't work," everyone looked confused at her. "Come on! She doesn't eat because you got angry and she keeps crying like a soul in sorrow! It wasn't so difficult.""Your witch is crazy," Lee whispered to George in his ear, he nodded but quickly denied when he felt the girl's glare."I already know who's in charge in the relationship," they all turned their heads in the direction of the stretcher, where a pale Leevanna with red dark circles smiled weakly as she tried to sit down."Merlin, you scared the fuck of us," Lhu said, filling her with kisses all over her face. Leevanna put her hands on her face to stop the girl while she chuckled weakly."I thought we had lost our little sister," Fred said, making her laugh."Nither Ginny or Hermione listen to you," Lee warned before hitting fists with Leevanna."Sister for pranks," both twins said at the same time winking an eye making her laugh. Leevanna turned her head when she felt the look of a pair of blue-grey eyes.Her heart skipped a beat when she met his eyes.He was really looking at her.Maybe her heart skipped more than a beat.Both looked away instantly — as if their eyes burned their flesh."Well, we're interrupting now," Lee murmured, starting to move away like the others."We'll see you tomorrow, Leev," Lhu said goodbye for everyone before leaving with the boys."Try to not have sex here!" exclaimed Fred from the door as Lee and George's laughs accompanied his voice."Fred Weasley!" Lhu's voice raised. "Walk you buffoon!"None dared to say a single word as their cheeks blushed slightly, and when Madame Pomfrey arrived a few seconds later, they dedicated themselves to listening to her only."Oh dear, you finally wake up," she said smiling. "You have to feed yourself well, okay? Rest for a couple of days and you can go back to classes, you can go to your room now," Leevanna nodded with a smile and getting up little by little so as not to fall. "As for you, Mr Malfoy, stop hitting others and rest those hands for a couple of days," the blond nodded before rushing to carry Leevanna, who seemed high, to leave.And somehow she just found a way out of the blank space and white labyrinth. 

Silent.Silent was beautiful.It was perfect.It is dark. Black. Calm. A space where you cannot hear of feel anything. It is so peaceful.None said anything until they arrived at the blond's room, where he carefully deposited her on his bed and began to take out his clothes, that were full of dirt, to change. Leevanna bit her lower lip when she saw how he took his shirt off and left his torso naked."Put this on," he said without looking at her and leaving one of his hoodies on the bed seeing her blouse full of dirt too. A few minutes later the two were changed.Who was supposed to speak first?He or she?And exactly what the fuck they were supposed to say?'Do you still care about me?' Pure bollocks and cheesy nothings. Ew.Never... Never none of them had needed someone so much as they needed the other.Since when they needed someone to make them feel 'happy'? Why did they need to care so much? Why?!They wanted to separate. Really. They wanted to become numb again and ignore the other until it drives them mental.Why they couldn't blame the hormones anymore? Why they were so obsessed with being the other's destruction?There was so many why's in their messy heads and so many answers they didn't want to see. They didn't want to let fall the blindfold on their eyes, they didn't want to be know-it-alls once in their lives, they didn't want to fight for who was the one who decipher the riddle first.Not this time because — because it was hella scaring and — and it — it could not be that.But if it wasn't the hormones, if it wasn't a whim, if it wasn't just sex... There was just one answer. They just didn't want to see it.He had never had that necessity of caring and worrying about someone. He had never wanted to keep someone by his side all the time — to protect someone. He had never been so struck by someone that he could not breathe if that someone wasn't there. He had never been so fucking mental. He had never wanted to possess someone so badly.For Salazar's sake, he hates fucking needing her. Because he really does, he really needs her.Why he had to want her so fucking much? Why he had the necessity of possessing her?Why she had to exist? Why she had to make him feel fucking things? Why she had had to appear in his life with that sweet smile?She was like sugar venom. Sugar venom that rotted his teeth and clogged his arteries.Salazar's fucking sake, he hates her.On the other hand, she had never had that necessity for depending on someone, she had never done it. She had never had that feeling of dying when someone didn't look at her or was not by her side. She had never cared before if someone was angry at her — because she didn't give a fuck about anyone. She had never been so fucking willing to give someone all her soul. She had never had the necessity of being possessed.God's sake, she despised fucking depending so much on him.Why she had that necessity of having to apologise? Why she needed him so much? Why she depended? Why did she want to feel possessed?She takes air deeply."I..." Leevanna starts in a low tone before a knot formed in her throat. Draco turned his head when he heard her and his eyes met hers. He could see repentance. "...I'm sorry."Why was she apologising?Because he had been angry at her?Being honest, his anger had stopped the moment he left her and actually he wanted to run up to her and tell her that it wasn't her fault and he just needed to calm down because his anxiety always messed with his brain... But then — then he saw her walk towards her friends...He had thought that she didn't care about him.And then he had heard Lhu saying that she wasn't eating and she just cried...Great, now he felt stupid.Why he had to feel stupid?       Because you are, mate, says the voice of his conscience as a response.He has hurt her in so many ways that it burns him. An arrow with venom penetrating his skin and tearing apart a combination of muscles that pumps blood thorough his body. That organ he wishes not to have."Come here, you stupid little girl," he says surrounding her with his arms — she first shuddered a bit, but then she did the same and supported her cheek on the boy's chest filling herself with his perfume. Draco caressed her hair and leaned his chin on the girl's head leaving a kiss. "Don't apologise, it wasn't your fault.""I should've told you where I was.""And how were you going to do it?" He said seeing her with a raised eyebrow, she remained in silent trying to formulate an answer. "See?" She only clung more to his shirt as he sat in the bed sighing. "And don't starve yourself to death again just because I stopped talking to you," she nodded.And she hit his chest."What was that for— Ouch!" he hissed as he separated from her while she kept slapping his chest with the palm of her hands. "Stop hitting me— Ow!" he gasped taking her wrist.She looked at him with narrowed eyes."You bloody—" slap "—stupid—" another slap "—imbecile—" and another "—fucking—" another one "—filthy—" one more "—brainless—" another "—wazzock—" and another "—twat!"Another slap on his chest — the last one. Finally and fortunately."Don't ever do that to me again," she mumbled between teeth. He frowned a bit confused not knowing what she was talking about. "Just—"She settled herself until she was sitting on the blond putting her head in the space of his neck and placing her arms around his neck"What the..." He babbled holding her by the hips and feeling her clinging every second until she gave the final squeeze."Two months," she murmured closing her eyes and inhaling deeply before exhaling slowly. "Let me stay this way for a moment," she whispered, leaving a small kiss on the boy's neck.His aroma was intoxicating her.Oh, Merlin, she hates his aroma.She did not know why she had embraced him, why she had been the one who had wrapped her arms around his body and squeezed hard — trying to keep him just for her.And she hates him for making her ice melt so quickly and let her foreign emotions to escape and face the surface.Draco let long seconds pass, just smelling the scent that the girl's hair released. Why she had to smell so fucking delicious? And he is thankful he can smell her subtle and sweet aroma now, because it had been fading away from his room and he didn't know what to do.God knew how much he hates her for making him need her aroma.But they needed the other. The emotional dependence both had acquired with the other in such a short time was unreal.He had felt like dying as not having her on his bed next to him, not only sexually, but her presence, knowing that she was there — with him.And she had missed him too, a lot.And both hate the other for making them need each other so much.They depend on the other.They were obsessed.But why?They kept asking and asking over and over again, but both know they have the answer.They were taking whatever they wanted right from the other, wrapping each other up in so much life and joy. Seeking for attention and affection.Maybe it was the way the held the other — how his touch was so reassuring and calming in her that she needed it; how her touch made is skin burn, making a heat ran all his body feeling complete.They were starving for affection, attention and that feeling of being wanted and desired by someone — they were looking for it on the other. Falling on each other to fill the empty spaces in their lives.Everything was happening too fucking fast.They were a bittersweet tragedy.She began to leave more tinny kisses on his neck while he placed his hands inside the jumper pulling her closer to smell her scent.He had missed her alluring aroma so much. He had felt a cruel chill when it started leaving him, escaping his room to follow the wind. He had felt fear.Both looked at each other for a few seconds, saying everything with their eyes, then they joined their lips roughly and possessively.Why they had to be so fucking good at kissing?!Why their lips were so fucking warm and cold at the same time?!Why their lips fit so fucking well together?! Why?! Why?! Why?!They didn't want to answer.Draco began slowly kissing down her jawline and her neck, leaving a fresh trail of little bruises while she entangled her fingers in his hair — playing with her soft and silky curls before he pulled one a little, making her release a small little sound of her lips that raised the temperature in his body.He quickly made her lift her arms so that he could take off the jumper and distribute kisses all over her chest and neck while she unbuttoned his shirt and took it out quickly.His hands slipped through her neck, gently tightening her throat with his thumbs. He threw her head back and quickly untied the girl's bra, then his fingertips ran down her marked spine causing her skin to bristle at his subtle touch.Leevanna gathered their lips fearlessly and nipped his lip feeling how he deepened the kiss, catching her lower lip and pulling it a bit to then press her upper lip between his lips — there she knew everything was fine.That he possessed her again."Draco..." whispered Leevanna in his ear while he kissed her neck — his teeth nipping her skin as if he were a vampire, to then suck a bit of it and glide his tongue over the little bruise after. Hearing his name coming out from her lips drove him mental. "Make me yours again," she continued feeling how he strongly pulled her to him — their hips brushing slightly and pressing against the fabric.He looked her in the eye and took her out of the chin. Then he snaked a hand around the back of her neck."You never stopped being mine," he muttered, colliding his hot breath against her face before he pulled her towards his lips, closing the tiny space between them.His mouth was hungry, aggressively searching hers as if he was starving. And he was. He hadn't tasted Leevanna's soft and red lips for a long time and he needed to have her under him moaning his name again.He wanted to destroy her for making him feel that — so fucking needy. Every single fucking atom of that tiny body of hers. He wanted to harm her so fucking bad for driving him fucking mental the last weeks.He smiled on the skin of her neck when he felt her long nails scratch his back. He needed her so much.This time he wouldn't tie her, he wanted to feel her hands touching every pore of his body.Although he wanted to punish her until she cried for all the things she makes him feel. Perhaps he could make her cry — but no the sad way, the other, the pleasurable one.He felt his erection growing under the fabric of his pants, so he took Leevanna by her hips sitting her tightly making her moan softly. She raked her hands desperately along the hard flesh of his abdomen kissing gently his collarbone — her lips leaving tiny red marks on his skin before she slid the tip of her tongue, like a kitten savouring the warm milk on its plate.And all the answers they didn't want to be able to see and have splashing their minds like flashes.Draco caressed the girl's thighs kissing her and entering a hand under her skirt, starting to make slow circles on her clit over her underwear. He took Leevanna's chin roughly making her look at him, he wanted to see her moan in pleasure — squirming at his touch.She looked so pretty, so damn gorgeous moaning against his lips — she looked so innocent, so fucking pure and angelical."Why are you so good?" his face contracted in complain mixed with pain. "You're too good... Too right...""Stop saying that," she snapped. "I'm not good, for anyone, not even for myself."And the hormones were so fucking stupid that they could bot blame them anymore.It had never been the hormones.And it would never be."You look so fucking beautiful..." he whispers against her jaw. "So perfect," His lips brushing her skin making her body bow towards him.The speed of his middle finger was increased, the thin fabric was already wet."You like that?" he asks and he nods instantly when her teeth catch her lower lip. "You're such a pretty girl... All mine."Her nails scratched the bare skin of his back, sliding up until her hand presses against his neck. Green eyes falling shut and lashes fluttering over her rosy cheeks. "All yours..." her lips whisper and fine, long fingers press against his skin, nails entering his hair before she presses her forehead against his.He pushed the fabric aside and introduced his finger without warning making her moan high, then another before thrusting them deeper while his thumb found her clit to then circled it slowly and possessively. He had missed her so much, he had been craving to touch her again, to feel her.All those weeks without savouring her taste... He was starving.Oh, fucking Salazar... Her taste... Her fucking taste...The taste of the sweet spot between her thick thighs which drove him crazy. The taste of her lips which were so soft and plump. The taste of her skin.The thought of other guys around her made him angry. Knowing that since he hadn't been with her other boys had been close, breathing her same pure air, smelling her sweet aroma...He took her chin roughly, forcing her to look at him while he increased the rhythm of his fingers."Beg for more," he whispered near her face, slowing down his moments."Please..." she panted trying to kiss him, but he grabbed her stronger starting to take his fingers out — slowly and tortuously, punishing her.Why she was begging?! She had never begged for someone to do something.But with him..."Please what?" His voice was dangerously low, making slow and painful circles again on her clit."Please fuck me already," she said feeling his fingers sank deep in her making her moan.And he did.He threw her on the bed, leaving kisses on her bare abdomen while lowering her skirt and knickers with his hands. He climbed down the bed kissing her bare abdomen and trailing down her belly until he reached her pulsating there.He started kissing the skin of her inner right thigh, nipping it until he left a purple mark on it, hearing her moan. He followed with the other imitating his previous action. Draco climbed up again leaving kisses on her belly and going up to her neck again.Then he positioned between her legs — aligning his cock on her entrance, teasing it — before kissing her possessively and starting to leave a trail of bruises down her jawline as she unbuttoned his pants and unzipped them. He nipped his teeth on the skin of her chest and then gathered their lips together.His veiny hand snaked around her neck, cold rings digging into her tender flesh and his thumbs gently tightening her throat. Draco looked into her eyes before he plunged her slowly listening to her moan on his lips.Both were in fucking paradise.Her long nails dug deep into the skin of his arms as he went deeper and deeper inside her.Her tightness made her warm walls wrap around his member, becoming something similar to a tight glove for him — but he loves that.He keeps leaving kisses down her jawline and neck listening to her delirious moans break free from her pink lips. She arched her back by feeling him completely inside her. She needed more. Her body swam in a sea of lust and desire. She needed him as much as he needed her.Draco supported one of his hands on the headboard by pounding her faster and deeper. Her soft moans were music for his ears. He gathered his lips with hers in a raw and passionate kiss feeling how she pressed her knees on his torso asking for more.He soon felt her long nails scratching his back when he accelerated his thrusts, going faster and faster bucking their hips and making the headboard clatter the wall slightly.Her long entangled hair fell next to her face, decorating her rosy cheeks. Draco was fascinated by the view. Her beauty was unreal and that enchanted him.Gods, he hates her for being so gorgeous.Leevanna began to see stars — those coloured spots that blurred her vision — as arched her back forward. She wanted to feel him completely without missing a single part of his ten inches.Both of them panted on the lips of the other with their mouths open barely touching. How much they had missed each other for holy fuck's sake. Almost three fucking months without bringing their bodies together was an eternity. At least they'd felt it like that.Draco plunged her faster, reaching his orgasm. Leevanna's body began to send signals and currents while squirming on the bed.Her toes rolled up while her back arched. She joined her lips with his once again when she felt thousands of fireworks exploding simultaneously inside her. Draco growled on her lips feeling his body liberating too. His thick cum filling her slick walls.And the questions resolves for themselves, forcing them to face the cruel reality both had fallen into, showing them what they don't want to see or hear. What they couldn't escape and avoid anymore.But why they had avoided it? Why they didn't want to be able to decipher the riddle?Because they were scared. Because they were more than afraid. Because no one had taught them how it was supposed to be. Because they had to many issues which were dangerous.Because they — they were frightened of being able to love.Both looked the other in the eye before bringing their lips together. She entangled her fingers in his hair as he sat in the bed caressing her lower back when he sat her on him.  At night, after both took a shower together, they went to The Great Hall for dinner and he sat her next to him — making sure she ate."So, Leev, can you walk?" She choked on her pumpkin juice hearing Lee's question. She looked up finding the twins looking at her raising their eyebrows repeatedly. Her cheeks blushed.Oh, Gods.Oh, holy God's sake."The screams, damn. Could you teach me, Malfoy?" And this time it was the blond's turn to choke because of Fred's question. Draco glanced at Leevanna smirking.Yeah, she screamed pretty loudly."We went to Draco's room to see if you were okay and let's say... We preferred not to enter," Lhu said sitting in front of both taking some food to her mouth smiling."I wonder if they have kinks," George told his brother, causing Leevanna to get red and Draco to laugh. "Lee, what do you think? Handcuffs or tie?""I'm going to the whip," he said looking at his friends with a thinker's pose which they also had."She prefers the tie, right Leev?" Draco asked smirking at the girl, she pushed him with her elbow still covering her red face while laughing."Bloody hell," Ron whispered scared quite close to the group making Hermione laugh.For Draco's luck, Snape hadn't given him detention, only removed five points for bad behaviour. But, instead, he gave Blaise a month of detention. Let's say that the professor had a soft-spot for Leevanna, he was her godfather after all.When they both arrived at Draco's room, Leevanna laid on the bed sighing and feeling full of food. He spanked her playfully before laying by her side."So, the tie?" She leaned her elbow to look at him with her eyebrows up. Both laughed out loud before he placed himself between her legs to kiss her.Their lips pressing and biting the other's as the temperature in their bodies grew every second.She let out a small groan from her lips when he bit her shoulder skin rudely.He took her wrists with one hand and placed them above her head while trailing kisses all over her neck and chest. His hands began to take off her clothes quickly, craving to see her naked and trembling under him again — and it hadn't been even two hours ago.He wanted to see the small, beautiful tears in her green eyes every time he penetrated her so roughly and aggressively that her tiny body hurt.As he kept kissing her, he took out his robes and knit sweater and then surrounded her neck with one hand and raised her head by pressing the sides of her throat with his fingers with the right pressure.Their tongues playing along.Maybe fighting.They always were fighting.He climbed down from the bed and quickly took out her skirt and underwear listening to her groans and heavy pant.Gods, her moans... She moaned like a kitten purring.She is his little kitten.She arched her back and gasped when one of his fingers made contact with her throbbing clit."Ah... fucking God—" she panted when he started kissing the skin of her inner thigh.She lowered her hands trying to catch his blond hair, but he pulled away from her thighs and grabbed her hands roughly. She gasped when she saw him grab the green tie of his shirt to then tie her hands.Yeah, she loves the tie."Be a good kitten and hold them there," he ordered her breathing heavily against her lips.She nodded quickly and groaned softly when he started nipping her neck's skin again.His lips made contact with her tender breasts and one of his hands pressed one of them as his fingers pinched her nipple. He passed his tongue through the edge of her left breast before rudely kissing her skin leaving a reddish mark. He unbuttoned his shirt with his free hand while without stop pressing her breast with the other.His lips caught her bristled nipple and bit it gently with his teeth before sucking.A small thread of saliva slipped through his lower lip when he moved away from it before directing his lips to her other tender breast.The texture, flavour and colour of her skin were driving him crazy. It was so smooth and soft... He bit her nipple rudely.He sucked and kissed her skin leaving small bruises on it.She squeezed the sheets above her and arched her back feeling his hot breath clashing with the skin of her abdomen, no — lower.He knelt on the floor and took her hips roughly to attract her more to him.His lips made contact with the skin of her inner thigh, where he kissed and nipped before sliding his tongue until he reached her wet cunt. She moaned loudly when his hot breath made contact with her swollen and moist clit.She arched her back savagely as she tightened the sheets.His tongue slid up from her entrance to her pulsating clit before going down and then up again slowly.Her taste was immaculate.So sweet... So glorious...He placed an open-mouth kiss.His tongue moved and turned and twirled against her clit, playing with it and listening to her more than pleasant moans as his lips filled with her clear and sweet fluids.His hands took her thighs even harder, pressing his rings against her pale skin. His tongue sank in her entrance and moved inside it, losing himself in the heat she emitted. Leevanna squirmed on the bed while delirious moans escaped from her blood-rushed lips.Her tied hands tightening and pulling the sheets.Her back arched even more, with her forehead almost rubbing the black sheets of the bed, feeling his snake-like tongue going deeper inside her.Her legs wrapped slowly around his head as a petition to continue his moves, which he did. He thrust his tongue deeper into her using it to roughly massage and dug in her wet entrance. His soft groans against her pussy turned her even more.When the orgasm began to build inside her making her legs tremble, even more, he lifted his head while panting and then began to kiss her inner thighs biting her skin leaving little purple bruises again.Two large bruises decorated her skin."Draco..." she moaned arching her back as a complaint.He climbed up the bed again as he unblocked his belt to unbutton his pants leaving them on the floor."Tell me how bad do you want me to fuck you," he ordered colliding his breath with her neck's skin.Oh, Draco Malfoy was a bad, bad man — making her implore for him to be inside her."So badly..." she implored. "Oh, God!" A loud whimper left her pretty mouth when one of his fingers entered her."And why I should fuck you?" He teased pumping his finger even faster.He was a really man bad.Another finger entered her.Her walls tightening.But she also knew how to play."Because you need it too..." and she moaned arching her back.And well... Was she lying?He sank his fingers even deeper, nudging his yolks against her most sensitive point repeatedly. She winced a little and moaned in complain when his fingers left her again.He lowered his boxers making his thick, hard cock jolt up."I want to destroy you, Leevanna," he breathed against her face.His tip pressing her entrance."Every fucking atom of that tiny body of yours..." he said again, panting as her back arched.His touch burning her.And she realises she likes, no — loves — being touched... But only by him. She could keep it that way, she would and she must."Destroy me..." she said firmly and panting. "I want you to destroy me..."He chuckled softly against her face."Your words, not mine."And then, all his cock entered her without any hope of mercy.But none of them was talking about that type of destruction.They want to destroy themselves.Like real destruction — a big one, an explosion that would leave them so wounded that they may think they are dead. An explosion which would leave them breathless and with a long, nasty scar that would never be able to heal.One of his hands went up and intertwined with her tied hands while the other grabbed her thigh. Each rough and aggressive thrust moving them closer to the climax. ༄ Two days later, the girl was being introduced to Molly Weasley bu the twins."Madam Mum, Leevanna Vaughan," said Fred with a smile as stood up behind the girl. Molly turned her head to look at George."She's the good one, the inoffensive," said George faking to murmur in her ear."George!" chuckled Leevanna. "But yeah, I'm the good one I guess," she said as her cheeks blushed a little. Molly smiled at her and went to hug her. The green-eyed froze a bit, but then, after closing her eyes and relaxing her body, she allowed her arms to circle the woman's waist."I hope this two haven't driven you crazy yet," the woman laughed as both separated and she took her cheeks."A bit," she said playfully. "But at least I'm not the one dating one of the pair," and she made Molly chuckle again."I like these girls," said Molly as Lhu circled her waist in a one-sided hug and the woman passed an arm around her shoulders."I like you two, Molly," Leevanna said with a smile making everyone smile too. She blushed."Aw, we made her blush," said Fred in a cheesy way as he pinched one of her cheeks."I'm not!" Leevanna tried to say as her face turned even redder. "I — I'm going now because you — You! I really despise you guys — Pleasure, Molly. See you later, you buffoons... And stop making fun of me, George!"She turned her body quickly after waving a fast goodbye. She sighed and rolled her eyes playfully when she saw Draco leaned on a wall with his arms closed over his chest before raising his head and looking at her while twirling his tongue against the inner part of his cheek, then he raised his eyebrows."Don't be such a grumpy, Malfoy," she said smirking before kissing him softly and playfully. He raised an eyebrow and huffed. "Jealous, are we?""Me? Jealous?" She nodded twirling her tongue against her cheek, he laughed sarcastically. "Oh, please — I —" she raised an eyebrow. "Piss off, Vaughan," he rolled his eyes taking her by the waist pulling her closer before taking her chin to leave a soft kiss on her pink lips.None of them realised they'd actually kissed in public and a lot of people was containing cheerful screams as they covered their mouths with their hands. Yes, the people were starting to saw them as something else more than friends, but when they spent almost two months without talking, they'd thought there was no hope for their 'enemies-lovers' novel, until that day.Three days after Draco's birthday, the 9th of June, Leevanna's birthday, the blond looked for her in the library."And I said: 'look, swot, if you're going to talk about Slytherins, first stop sitting on your mummy's lap to read the fucking Daily Prophet and being a pussy," said Daphne towards the two girls in front of her."Gryffindor could fucking suck it," Pansy rolled her eyes before wetting her quill in the ink to keep writing. "And they are supposed to be the chivalrous ones? Please, as if.""I don't understand how you and Lhu can actually hang out with them," said Daphne looking to Leevanna before highlighting something."Well... Not all the Dumbledore's fans are Mummy's boys," she shrugged. "The twins and Jordan are actually chivalrous," she sighed. "It's like putting all the Slytherins in the same bag just because Tom Riddle was in our house," her voice decreasing as the other two serpents looked at her."Should I call you lion now?" asked Pansy with a raised eyebrow."Do not insult me," Leevanna squirmed and made a grimace of disgust."But she has a point," sighed Daphne. "I mean, if you say there are Gryffin-losers who are like their house description, there are also Slytherins who don't want to be on the dark side, you're right," she chuckled. "And well — I can't talk for the Weasel-Bees but I agree with what you said about Jordan.""See?" said the green-eyed fixing her eyes on Pansy. "And that doesn't mean that we're on their side — Merlin free me about that.""Have it your way," sighed Pansy. "But no one's going to deny that the Immortal Orphan could really suck it.""Cheers," said Leevanna making a fist-high with her. "What are you looking at?" she frowned when her two friends looked at her trying not to smile. "Dumbledore's naked and behind me or what?""Not exactly," and his voice made her jump."Merlin, Malfoy, you're resting me years I swear," she said rolling her eyes before supporting her hand on the table and turn to look at him. "What do you want?""As if you aren't happy to see me, Vaughan.""I'm never happy to see you," she sighed and he glared her."Oh, so I come here with the white-flag to say happy birth—""Don't!" she hurried to put her hands on his mouth. Everyone in the place said 'Sh!'"Today's your birthday?" said Daphne excited. "Why didn't you tell us?""It's — I hate it — It's complicated—" babbled Leevanna blushing."Oh, Salazar's sake, I thought I would never know the date," and Daphne turned her body to her bag and grabbed a green small box out of it. "I was gonna give it to you anyways.""Oh, Daph — It's really not — I—" and she couldn't be redder. "Look at what have you done!" she said between teeth towards the blond, who raised his arms in surrender playfully. "I — Thank you, Daphne," and she grabbed the box."Should I..." groped Pansy looking at her. "Happy—" Leevanna shook her head, begging for her not to complete her phrase. "Whatever," the raven-haired chuckled."Let's go," said Draco with a playful smirk. "I want to talk with you.""But first I'm going to fucking burn you alive," Leevanna huffed waving goodbye to her friends as she grabbed her suitcase. Draco put his hands inside his pockets chuckling. "Who told you?" asked Leevanna once they left the library. "Only Severus, Luna and — I'm going to kill her.""Well, Lhu's death can wait," Draco sighed turning his head to look at her. "Come, let's go, hurry those goblin legs of yours.""Oh, so now it's my fault," she laughed sarcastically. "You're a fucking pole and I'm not saying: 'slow down those pole legs of yours'.""Always such a grumpy, don't you?" he said narrowing his eyes at her."Look who talks about it," she also narrowed her eyes. "Be useful once and hold this, would you?" she huffed and handed him her suitcase without care."What the hell d'you have in this?" he complained. "The whole Quidditch team?""Yeah, maybe Crabbe's making weight," she huffed. "Anyways, where are we going?""How impatient you are," he huffed. "Here, go on.""The fucking Forbidden Forest?" Leevanna turned to look at him. "Are you fucking mental? I don't fucking know about your crazy fantasies but I'm not having sex in the fucking leaves.""We're not having sex here, you silly bint," he shook his head shuddering. "Ew — Just — All the insects — Ew.""Why are we here then?" she sighed as both walked among the trees. "Are you going to kidnap me? Or are you really thinking about taking me to a risk, pitch me and say it was an accident?""If I wanted to kill you, I would use acid," he sighed. "You see acid here? No.""Should I be thankful or scared?" she frowned confused. "Do I need to say my last words?"Draco laughed and denied with his head before looking at her again. "Not today," he smiled making her chuckle. "Close your eyes.""Oi, that's what I said for your birthday," she said narrowing her eyes playfully. "Be original.""And what the hell you want me to say? Give me your eyes for a moment?" he rolled his eyes and she opened her mouth to protest. "Be quiet for a second and close your eyes, Vaughan," he interrupted placing a hand on her face."Fine," she huffed crossing her arms over chest and letting herself be guided by the blond. Several seconds later, while her anxiety raised and through her ears just leaked the sound of the leaves crunching under her feet, she talked again. "I have anxiety you know? I'm thinking about the millions of things you're going to do and—""We're already here," he chuckled uncovering her face. "You can open your eyes now."And she obeys him."Draco... I—...""Are you going to run towards them or what?" he said raising an eyebrow playfully and keeping his hands in his pockets. She smiled at him and rolled her eyes before running."My children!" she said happily as she surrounded the dragon's neck with her arms. "Come here with mummy," she chuckled caressing another. The dragons seemed to be smiling too."Mate, your girl is hugging the fucking dragons... What the hell," said the man who had brought them."Oh, yeah, she's their mum," he sighed. "They love her.""How did you brought them?" Leevanna asked as she went to hug the third and last dragon. "They told me they couldn't bring them here anymore after the tasks.""Well... I'm Draco Malfoy, what did you spect?" he said approaching her. "I just made a few calls and here they are— Holy shit! Keep that thing away from me!" She laughed."They're not going to harm you," she smiled. "Right my little kid?" she said lovingly to the dragon as she scratched its chin making the beast twist in pleasure. "Thank you, Draco," she smiled towards him."Look at that, you have manners after all," she rolled her eyes. "You're welcome, Leev," he smiled too. "And happy birthday by the way," she laughed nodding.And it was the first time, after and before that had happened, that she really enjoyed her birthday."Come, give me your hand," she said extending hers for him to take it. He gives it to her a bit insecure."You're not going to let them eat me, right?" she shrugged. "I swear to Salazar, Leevanna, give me my hand—""I'm joking," she laughed before she placed both of their hands over the head of the dragon. "Look, they like you," she smiled still with her hand over his."Y-Yeah, I think so," he muttered when her hand left his. "Oh, hello... You," he said when the dragon caressed its head against his body.And she laughs again seeing his nervousness as he caresses the dragon's head. Feels those tickles in her belly again.And he looks at her smiling as both still caressed the dragon's heads. He feels that warmth inside his chest again. ༄ She huffed."Malfoy," Leevanna said before grabbing her book and start hitting him."This counts as domestic violence?" Asked Theodore taking one of the green-eyed's jelly slugs to his mouth and his other friends denied. "Maybe we should take them to the zoo.""Why the zoo?" Frowned Pansy confused."They would put them in the snakes section, they would fight all the time and entertain the public," Theo shrugged playfully smiling."We could make a box-match between the two of them," laughed Daphne."That's a good idea actually," chuckled Lhu before giving her popsicle a bite. "Imagine all the people who would pay just to see them.""They're like two kids fighting for a toy, really," laughed Pansy seeing them yell at each other for an answer in Arithmancy. "They're like those old-married couple who fight because they don't have their hearing aid turned on. It's so fucking funny.""I just know, that if they get married, that's going to happen," laughed Daphne."'Draco! Is time for your pills!'" Said Theodore imitating Leevanna."'What?! My bills?!'" Followed Lhu this time imitating Draco."'What did you said?! That you have chills?!'""'Who wants crisps?!'"Pansy and Daphne laughed so hard that they started gasping for air as they held their belly's.Leevanna and Draco stopped fighting and turned their heads to look at their friends, who were supporting on each other as they laughed and said things like: 'A bear eat the kids?!' 'What?! That you need a quill?!'"Why are they laughing?" Asked Draco frowning."I don't know," she shrugged and both looked at each other again. "Like I was saying, my answer is correct."He rolled his eyes. "You, stupid and blind star-nosed mole, there's a one right in front of you, your answer isn't right.""How did you just call me?""Star-nosed mole.""You're a ferret.""You're a bitch.""You're a fucking ostrich.""Oh, well you're a sloth.""And you are a turke—"   "Vaughan."Both turned their heads listening Blaise Zabini's voice calling the girl. The blond and the dark-skinned collided glances."Hello, Blaise!" Said Theo cheerfully and waving his hand once the four Slytherins calmed their laughs. "Want to join us and make fun of the old-married couple?""What old-married couple?" Asked Draco turning to see him."You and Leevanna," laughed Daphne and the green-eyed and the blond took off their middle fingers."Vaughan, can I talk with you?" Said Blaise lowering his gaze to see her again. Draco looked at him again before looking at Leevanna."Yeah," she sighed standing up from the grass. "Here or...?""Inside," said Blaise and she nodded to start following him.None of them spoke while walking, just heard the laughs of some students who were walking by their side. When they reached an almost empty hallway, he sighed."I wanted to apologise," he began and stood in front of her to see her in the eye. She crossed her arms over her chest. "For the things I said to you the last time and before The Yule Ball.""Oh — I — There's no need, I was a real bitch with you too," she chuckled."Yeah, you were," and he chuckles too. "But — Really, I'm sorry for that.""No worries, I'm sorry, too," she sighed. "Civilised persons again?" He laughs as she extends her hand to shook it with him and he nods accepting it."I'm not going to stop messing with you, just for your knowledge," he raised an eyebrow playfully."I hope you don't," and she raised an eyebrow too as she crossed her arms again. ༄ "She doesn't like the Sunny-mellow ones," says George Weasley."How d'you know that?" asks Jordan grabbing the Chocoballs instead of the lemon sugar quills with a frown."'Cause my witch doesn't either," answers the redhead with a playfully smile before grabbing one more box of Sugared Butterfly Wings.Draco put his hands in his pockets and passed his gaze through Honeydukes trying to decide what to buy."Thought you were going for the sugar quills," said Fred at his side before licking his Blood-flavoured lollipop."Bought her tons the other day," the blue-grey-eyed sighed. "For who's Jordan shopping?""Your witch," he said casually passing a hand through his hair.   "What?"Fred chuckled. "For her birthday," he says turning his head to see his friend. "As a late present because he just heard about it."Draco nods with his brows softly frowned."Sure you don't have your Ton-Tongue Toffees with ya?"Fred smirked mischievously. "How many d'you need, dear mate?""As many as you have," the blond sighs giving him twelve galleons without anyone noticing while Fred licked his lollipop innocently.Draco started merging the toffees with one another until he formed a big rectangle with a L and J on the top. He used Engorgio to make one of the wrappers bigger and Evanesco to disappear the other ones."Think your witch just found something," Fred said grabbing a Cauldron Cake and pointing the window. Draco nodded and both hit fists as a goodbye.Draco put the a Blood-flavoured lollipop in his mouth before passing next to Jordan to pay the No-melt Ice cream and leave the store.In front of Gladrags Wizardwear and with a bag from Tomes and Scrolls, Leevanna contemplated a dark-grey, trench hooded coat khaki with faux fur."Skint we are," said Lhu watching the price.Leevanna nodded slowly. Enamoured with the fabric and imagining with how many outfits she could use it.That if she hadn't already almost ran out of her monthly galleons just like Lhu. And she didn't want to ask for more until arriving her manor. She didn't want to owl her mother asking for money."Ladies," and both rolled her eyes hearing Corman McLaggen's voice. "Looking for new fancy clothes?""What d'you want, McLaggen?" sighed Lhu still hypnotised by the coat."Thought we've passed first-name basis, Lhu," said the boy standing in front of her."I have a boyfriend, McLaggen," the brunette turns to look at him with her eyes narrowed. The Gryffindor smiles and shrugs playfully. Hands behind his back."Need help carrying your books?""I've already denied your poor courting, McLaggen," says Leevanna crossing her arms, eyes still on the coat. "And if I am to require help, I'd rather ask a troll than your unpleasant existence.""Witches shouldn't be alone, Vaughan," he says walking towards her."Fortunately she's not."And two of them turn to look at Draco leaking his red lollipop. Leevanna keeps her eyes on the coat."Malfoy," says McLaggen stepping a few feet away from the green-eyed."Witches shouldn't have unwanted company, McLaggen," he grins before introducing the now small lollipop in his mouth. "And if I ain't wrong, you've interrupted my witch's serenity.""I was just having a chin wag with her, Malfoy," he says upping his lips' corners in a bitter smile."For me, she looks cheesed off," Draco shrugs without pulling out the lollipop. "Budge up, McLaggen."And the Gryffindor raises her arms in surrender while walking away."Thank you," sighs Lhu keeping her arms in her pockets. Draco nods before his thumb points behind him towards the place he has been not so long ago."Your wizard has Butterfly Wings for you," and he walks towards the green-eyed once Lhu's face has been illuminated and her feet had guide her hastily towards her boyfriend.He stands next to her and keeps his hands in his pockets making aside his black, long blazer."Go for it.""What?""The coat," his head turns at her while pulling out the lollipop. "Is yours," and is her turn to turn her head."You're kidding," her clear eyes glistening.He shook his head.And Leevanna ran inside the shop while taking off her thin sweater and put the other one on. Draco's lips formed a closed-mouth smile as he entered the shop and pay for the coat.His hand held the door for her but he didn't expect she would throw her arms around his neck to crash their lips together.Her lips taste like Blue cherry-berry. He knows she's been eating one.His hand found her cheek and while his thumb brushes her cheek, she, still on tiptoes, flexes her leg upwards unconsciously. His other hand finds her waist and she presses more against him."Oh, you didn't!" Lhu's voice made Leevanna turn with a smile before running towards her."I have it! I have it!" Leevanna cooed while modelling her new coat."Malfoy! Sure you're not looking for a ménage à trois?!" said the brunette making him chuckle and shake his head in denial. "You, witch!""It's miiiineee!" Leevanna jumped holding her best friend's shoulders before embracing her coat."How much that was?" asked Fred at his side crossing his arms."Fifteen divided by five, multiplied by nine and then one hundred," he chuckled grabbing one jelly slug from the redhead's bag. "Plus two hundred and ten. In galleons."Fred choked on his jelly slug."Ton-Tongue Toffees?""Stay chuffed, mate," Fred grinned diabolically turning his head to look at the blond, who smirked mischievously.At that moment, Honeydukes' door opened with one redhead laughing out loud and a dark-skinned man trying not to freak out, a long and swollen tongue sticking out."How Slytherin of you, Weasley," muttered Draco making Fred chuckle.   "You! You should be ashamed, Draco Malfoy!" she yelled with her face rosy from rage. "That was not funny!""I—""Shut up!" she shrieked slamming her foot on the floor. "And you?!" her eyes now fixed on the other boy. "Helping him with his moronic ideas!""But—""No buts, Fred Weasley!" and they didn't know how her voice could be so sharp but scary. "I'm disappointed! You two behave like bloody children!" she huffed. "Think about what you did!" she pointed them with her finger. "I'm not talking to you until you two learn how to behave!"Both watched her turn to start walking away."And apologise to him! Both of you!" and, with that, she was gone from the hallway.Fred pursed his lips trying not to smile.Draco twirled his tongue against his inner cheek while crossing his arms.And the redhead snorted.   "Weasley!""I — I-I'm sorry," he laughed supporting one hand on the blond's shoulder to try and calm himself. Draco shrugged his shoulder and huffed. "She was so mad," and he laughed harder."It's not funny!" Draco growled. "She isn't going to talk to me!" he whined while Fred took deep breaths. "What am I supposed to do? I'm not going to shag!""Are we going to apologise?" asked Fred raising an eyebrow."What d'you think?" the blond turned his head to look at him with both brows up."Not a chance," smirked the redhead making Draco chuckle. "But what are we going to do?""Obliviate?""Good idea," Fred nodded. "Did you see the size of his tongue?""It reached his stomach."Both looked at each other for a second before exploding into laughter. Yeah, their joke had gone so well that now Lee was in the hospital wing trying to get his tongue to its normal size. It had been so funny, every student at Hogwarts had laughed."It was good doing business with you, mate," said Draco once both could stop laughing from their memory of Lee panicking when the spell that was supposed to reverse the effect had just made it worse."Whenever you want, mate," and both bump fists before starting to walk.Two days later, a pretty girl with green eyes still didn't talk with both boys. She ignores them as if they were air. The Obliviate spell hadn't worked — and she was even more angry for that.Draco is the most affected one."Vaughan," he whined as she walked past him with a book in front of her face. "We're not apologising," and he tries to block her path standing in front of her, but she just dodges him. "Talk to me!""Leev, if you talk to me I buy you ice-cream," Fred tries to negotiate. She just keeps walking. "Leevy!"And they watch her walk away towards Daphne, Pansy and Blaise.Before she conjures an ice-cream cone."Still the cold shoulder?" came Lhu's voice grinning with the other twin at her side.       Bloody Ice Queen.Draco whined throwing his head backwards trying to think what he could do. "I haven't shagged in a bloody week.""Always you could—""No," both responded making George chuckle at their stubbornness."Wait — mate, she's looking," said Fred attracting the blond's attention. And effectively, she was looking at him.And her tongue licked the mint ice-cream, rolling it to give it shape."Oh, she didn't," snorted Lhu supporting her hands and head on George's shoulder.Though she wasn't exactly looking at Draco anymore, he's definitely looking at her — tongue. How it moves and licks. All while she chuckles and talks to her friends.Suddenly all the crème entered her mouth before she pulled it out  — painfully slowly. Her tongue moved over the tip again before... pressing and licking from down to top... And entering it to her mouth again.Draco opened his mouth only to shut it and look away.       Little bitch."She doesn't know what she's doing," chuckled Fred crossing his arms over his chest."Oh, she does," growled Draco narrowing his eyes at her. "She knows exactly what she's doing."And she turned her head at him before winking an eye and wiping away the thread of crème from her lower lip with her thumb to then lick it too prior to look away again."We're apologising.""But—""I need to shag!" ༄ The 24th of June, Leevanna laughed when she felt how Draco held her by the waist from behind before leaving a kiss on her head. He loved to do that, everyone could see that she was only his in that way.Her cheeks blushed and her mouth opened wide when the sound of his voice leaked into her ears. Draco Malfoy was a very bad and naughty man who loves the dirty talk."I don't know you... But for me it seems a good idea," he said in her ear again, almost an imperceptible, teasing whisper."I swear to Merlin—" she had not even finished reproaching him when he whispered again. "Malfoy! Shut up!""Merlin's sake, you two. There are rooms y'know?" George told them laughing joining his hands with Lhu's, who was sitting on his shoulders."Please, don't give them more ideas," Fred said putting some of Lee's food into his mouth. Then the four went to their places leaving the couple alone."Cedric!" Leevanna exclaimed letting go of Draco's grip to go hug the Hufflepuff boy, who lifted her in the air.Draco's jaw clenched seeing him surrounding her tiny and gorgeous body with his filthy fucking arms.But he disguised it quite well. So quite well that he has drawn his wand unconsciously."Good luck," the girl said smiling to the boy in front of her. "You and Fleur have my hope in this suicidal shite," he laughed nodding before giving her another hug."Thank you for being the best friend," he told her once they separated. "Now go with your boyfriend before he leaves me worse than he left Blaise," she nodded kissing his cheek and running to Draco.And Draco couldn't help but glare him as the girl went back to him."You're mine, you know?" He told her seriously and surrounding her shoulders with his arm ti pull her closer.He definitely didn't like another boys around her, whoever the boy was. He hated seeing other people breathing next to her — smelling her subtle aroma the way he did."Yeah, aha, yOuRs," she said rolling her eyes in amusement."Let's see if you say that later," he said raising an eyebrow.A few seconds later the band started playing and both went to their seats. Leevanna laughed watching Malfoy support Krum."The first person to touch the cup will be the winner!" and everyone cheered up hearing Dumbledore's words. "I've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter if at any point should a contestant wish. To withdraw from the task he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands," said Dumbledore finalising his speech. "Contestants, gather round," he said and spoke to them for some seconds.Leevanna smiled when she saw Cedric and his father hug and then entered the maze.And that was the last time he saw him do it.Her smile disappeared a few hours later when Harry Potter and Cedric's dead body appeared a few metres near the entrance to the maze.Music made everything more traumatising."He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back!" And, for Leevanna, the world slowed down.And for Draco too.Oh, Salazar, he was so scared.He won't admit it though — he would never say that he was afraid of something or someone out loud."He's dead..." she whispered still in shock and Draco, who had already realised, grabbed her hand quickly to get her out of there before she started hyperventilating."That's my boy! That's my son!" Amos Diggory's screams were still heard several stands back.Draco felt the anxiety and panic possessing his body."Everything is okay, look at me," he told her holding her by her shoulders. He remembered the Dementor's attack last year.Just that she had not reacted the way she did."DO NOT TOUCH ME!" she yelled sacred as she aggressively twisted and shuddered to release herself from his grip. "Get your hands off of me!"She had fallen backwards and looked so sacred while she slid awkwardly to get away from him.And Draco looked at her shocked and confused."Leev—""DON'T TOUCH ME!" she continued yelling as she became tiny on the floor. Her arms covered her face with her whole body trembling. "Do not hurt me..." she whispered.Draco approached her slowly, still in shock and trying to comprehend what was happening."It's okay... It's okay..." he said holding her by her elbows as he kneeled in front of her while she continued shedding silent tears and her body shaking. "It's me, Leevy..." he whispered, slowly parting her arms to see her face. "It's Draco, Leevy..."She looked at him scared."Draco..." she breathed as her body relaxed. "Don't let him hurt me..."Draco did not understand or know what or who was she talking about."I won't... I promise," he muttered attracting her to her body to wrap her in a tight hug between his arms.As an injured little bird."Everything it's going to be okay, it's okay..." he whispered against her hair kissing it and hugging her tightly as she cried.But nothing was going to be fine.Days later, when the schools left Hogwarts, Leevanna made sure to hug Fleur and her sister as tightly as she could and thanked the eldest for not dying in that horrible tournament."I'll write to you arriving France!" The girl said saying goodbye with her hand and hurrying to get on her carriage.After the incident behind the stands when Cedric's dead body had appeared, Draco had not mentioned the way Leevanna had reacted to anyone. Not to her, not to Lhu, not to Snape, not to anyone.And he had really tried to not think about it either.She had fallen asleep in his arms after several minutes and he had carried her and headed to his private dorm.He really, really tried not to think about that.And he had not asked any questions the next day when she woke up without knowing how she had arrived at his room — she had no idea about what she had done or said either. And Draco would not tell her. He had said that she had faint when Cedric's body appeared and she had believed him because it made sense."Promise to write me in the summer, all the time," Leevanna said, feeling the twins, Lee and Lhu standing behind her."I'm definitely not going to write to you," Lee told her biting his sandwich before laughing when he was hit by her in a playfully way."And there comes the sex machine," both twins said at the same time seeing Draco walk in their direction making Leevanna laugh.And maybe that would be the last time everyone enjoyed together. 

DRAGON'S LOVE SUMMER BREEZES!Dragons, such beautiful creatures indeed. Always protecting what it's theirs. Guarding the tower and, on this occasion, the Queen.

As I am sure all of you are aware, we're indeed celebrating with a fruit cocktail in hand the season of love. That is, fair reader, young feelings floating as if spring breeze is.

In her second season for suitors and well-know for always having what she wants, no matter the price, Miss Leevanna Vaughan, Vaughan-Sthone inheritance's legitimate heir and three times winner of Most Pretty Witch award, has become knowledgable for being as cold as ice and reject offers of courting as if blinking. With her intelligence above the rest and flawlessness, she's been conquering wizards before even entering to season.

Mr Draco Malfoy, heir of Malfoy inheritance and coveted but lonely Slytherin Prince, has seemed to be doing honour at his name's meaning and guard a sublime treasure for himself. Well-known for his rivalry with our young witch in intelligence, seems that his heart wasn't aware of the competition.

Both were seen for first time in The Yule Ball, dancing and laughing until both left past two in the morning. No news was given until a good long month after when Mr Malfoy was sighted buying a very costly necklace which soon was around Miss Vaughan's neck. They say giving stars is the most splendiferous way to promise something.

  Or perhaps this author is speaking yet very soon? Could it be we are to be mistaken?

Financial arrangements in Pureblood Culture and marriage bonds are very much still present nowadays to keep reputations in line, dearest reader. Let us just hope this isn't the case.

Nevertheless, perhaps our single lady's heart has indeed been finally conquered and our Slytherin Prince has found someone to reign with.

Recently, their presence was in the Blossom's Auction given by, in this opportunity, Mrs Louise Zabini. Such beautiful beaded lace corset gown Miss Vaughan wore, I must compliment. Yet the golden end was Mr Malfoy bowing (if your wizard doesn't bow, isn't worth your time, dear) to kiss her hand after leaving the most expensive item on her finger.

Yes, my dearest reader. If you were speculating who dared to snatch the Crown's Blossom from you, young Malfoy is to blame. A ravishing golden, spiral ring with rubies incrustations that has as meaning 'Flower of my Blossomed Heart'.

Miss Vaughan here seems fond of expensive objects (shall we remember our last article about the two in Gladrags Wizardwear and faded blue lips accompanied by expensive coats?). She's very possessive with them we must say.

But Mr Malfoy isn't behind: dragons are known for keeping the most valuable treasure and keep it for them, burning however threats to take it away.

The families of this young couple haven't said anything about their current heirs' relationship.

Would the dragon be able to protect his most valuable possession? Our young Ice Queen would finally let her heart be melt?

  Or perhaps would all burn down into flames?

Let us hope spring does last so long to hear wedding bells.— August 10, by Rita Skeeter, in Witch Weekly.

 "Those are my biscuits!""No if you don't catch me!"And the vanilla enters her mouth making a delicious sound when it breaks to be chewed.She ends up leaving the rest of the biscuit being held by her mouth while running through the passageway with a bowl in hands. The enormous windows letting the remaining sun to illuminate their skins.Black Byron shirt, pirate/poet style and trousers chasing a white tulle, evening off-shoulders gown.His hand meets a marble column to prevent him from falling before turning and changing directions. The portraits look at them with contained laughter and low whispers."Leevanna Vaughan!""You sound like Severus," she says stopping the game for a second before both shuddered.And he continues to chase after her.His hand grabs an armour's rapier when her hand also does it. Both stop for another second.With eyes narrowed she was the first one to move her rapier making him block it while the biscuits' recipient jingled. She dodged his attack moving her body aside and upping her arm to prevent him to reach the biscuits. Her wrist moved and now her rapier was adjacent to his.He raised an eyebrow and she both."A young lady with such dangerous weapon," reproached the near portrait of Septimus Malfoy shaking his head in disapproval."C'mon, sir," she chuckled when the blond dodged her attack. "Some fun ain't no hurt.""This new generations," scoffed the man making Draco snort. "And you, young boy?""She's everything but a lady," he said making both rapiers collide. "A star-nosed mole perhaps," and the outraged face Leevanna made makes him laugh while she dodged his rapier."Sir, have I told you a professor turned him into a ferret?" and the portrait of Abraxas Malfoy laugh. "An albino one.""What I'd give to see it," said Abraxas simulating to wipe his eyes' tears."Sure I can—""Don't you dare!"And both continued fighting while leaving the illuminated passageway behind.Her rapier got stuck in near furniture when both reached the drawing-room connected with the family dining room. He was about to chant victory when she gave a spin and he had to dodge her recent attack.Her ballet flats made her easier to get over the table followed by him."Refined indeed," muttered Lucius with his view on the Daily Prophet where another article — also written by Skeeter — of both teenagers was. 'A DRAGON WITH QUEEN!' was the header."Flawless, she said," sighed Narcissa still reading Witch Weekly making her husband chuckle.Leevanna and Draco ignored the two adults and continued duelling."So, you two witch and wizard?" asked Lucius changing the page of his newspaper.   "We're not dating!"In a second he did a manoeuvre that left her without her rapier and just the recipient. She narrowed her eyes at him making him shrug before fidgeting with both rapiers making circled with them by the sides of his body.She threw the recipient the air in a way of distraction.Her heel wrapped around his leg and her hand grabbed her rapier agilely. She gave a spin pushing his body backwards with her leg and allowing the levitating recipient to fall on her hand while her rapier's tip pointed his chin."Twice," her brow raised and a playfully smirk made him roll his eyes.She was about to grab one of the vanilla biscuits suddenly a foot intertwined with her leg making her fall on her arse and the recipient to land on his hand."I win," he raised both eyebrows now already standing up.Leevanna huffed seeing him jump out of the table while biting one biscuit and walking towards the sofas fidgeting with his rapier."Mipsy is to prepare tea for Miss?" asked the elf appearing in front of Leevanna making her jump in fright and Draco laugh at her."With one and two honey spoons and milk, thank you, Mipsy," she answered and the elf nodded. "What did Skeeter wrote?" She fell on the sofa with legs over Draco's lap while she made a biscuit levitate to her mouth."'Two young diamonds of the Sacred Twenty-Eight have decided to merge, breezes of summer feelings would announce wedding bells?'" and both choke on their recent brought teas at Lucius' words."Wedding what?" Draco blinked several times before giving his biscuit another bite."Summer feelings," Leevanna scoffed. "Bloody beetle.""For your sake, I don't like you," the blond said raising both eyebrows."Fortunately, I hate you, too," she smiled.Summer has been quite entertaining for both of them. One mischief for here and one childish fight for there, chasing each other through the passageways or perhaps swimming on the small State Gardens' lagoon.It was wonderful.The first month of vacation had been spent in Vaughan Manor and now all August would be in Malfoy Manor. They tried to avoid The Dark Lord business as much as they could. Usually, both stayed in the other's room until he left the place because of their young age. Though we also have to add the anxiety crisis and small panic attacks both were starting to have — it was horrible, for both of them, feeling his red, penetrating eyes on them, as if he was waiting for something or them.The four went back to their own worlds, Narcissa still reading some partially fetching article in Witch Weekly and Lucius with his mind in Harry Potter's Disciplinary hearing and how he was supposed to keep their undercover dark business in the darkness.On the other hand, Leevanna and Draco were playing cards and laughing lowly because both were accusing the other of cheating while they were doing it on their own.That until Mipsy appeared with a letter."Mipsy is to deliver to Miss Leevy," she said handing the envelope."Thank you, Mipsy," smiled Leevanna. "And those earrings are certainly elegant, Maglor's got my taste indeed," the elf blushed and with a smile disappeared from the room."You've got a Disciplinary Hearing too?" Draco chuckled while shuffling the cards."Funny," she rolled her eyes playfully. "It's from my Mama."Her fingers caressed the sophisticated lettering with her name and hurried to open it. 

  Thought you and Draco weren't something, but Witch Weekly and The Daily Prophet say otherwise.

  Your father made me write this to tell you he expects fine behaviour during your stay with the Malfoys — and more things I certainly don't want to write but you imagine. He asked me to remind you the last conversation he had directly with you.

  For my part, I'm just hoping you don't cause any drama for Skeeter to report. That's my only request for you. A witch always must know to be discreet with her business.

  Congratulations, however. You and Draco seem to be doing lovely.

  I'm not asking you anything but your father is desperate to cut tongues who speak of you with their sons. He's asking for me to tell you that if this is serious you are to marry Draco.  So, please, if this is just a summer whim, please end it as soon as possible. Think about your future, Leevanna. You're an heir. You have responsibilities.Hope you are having a great time.

Best wishes and love,

 Leevanna's smile faded away with every word the letter has. Didn't even have time to process the penultimate word in it.She'd been happy. At least she thought that. Everything was relatively calm. How simple words had been able to change her mood so drastically? There were just words.Words certainly maim more than swords.She is sixteen. Knows that her second season has already begun and someday the word 'wedding' was to be heard. Didn't expect it so soon, she'd forgotten it.Her feelings were still frozen. She doesn't know what's happening to her when Malfoy happens to be near her. Is still confused. She's a bloody kid. She doesn't want to marry anybody now."Leevy? Everything alright?" asked Narcissa grabbing her cup of tea.She wetted her lips with her tongue and simulated her best smile."Yes," she answered. "But you're going to forgive me for the afternoon, I'm not feeling so well," her hands folded the letter quickly and took the envelope. "See you for dinner, if you excuse me."She doesn't bother in wait response, is already walking towards some place she would be alone with her thoughts.The hidden swings seem to be a good idea. So she sits there trying not to cry because being a woman is difficult.If she was a man she wouldn't have to marry anyone just because age doesn't wait. She just wants to have fun. Laugh with her blond until the twilight while talking about everything and nothing.She doesn't want to have an heir responsibility. Knows she's the last one in line and certainly she's to continue the offspring.She didn't even want children.But it's her obligation. Be perfect.The tears make her growl and gasp when the void in her chest grows bigger and bigger.Why she couldn't have a single enjoyable moment in her life? Why she couldn't have a normal life? No obligations, no weddings, no rumours, no honour she must not ruin. No feelings.Her face falls on her hands and while her toes can barely brush the grass. Doesn't care about leaving two red marks on her thighs with her elbows.And she cries silently for the rest of the evening. Shoulders going up and down and ragged breathing and sobs accompanying her.She feels pathetic.Perhaps she is.After all, she's just a pretty face to show in galas. A decoration who smiles and has to guard decorum. A doll.Hours later she's just staring at the full Moon that night offers her. The stars shining. Summer nights' breeze is one of her favourites. It has its charm.When a coat is placed over her shoulders she sighs. Her time alone is over. Curiously she was waiting for it. Hoping."You want me to leave?" she denied with her head leaned over the swing' rope.He sighs and sits on it with the difference one leg is by each side, back leaned over the rope and eyes towards the moon."Did you know there's a hypothesis that suggests a Mars-sized body called Theia, impacted the proto-Earth, creating a large debris ring around it, which then accreted to form the Moon?" she said. "The collision resulted in the 23.5° tilted axis of the Earth, thus causing the seasons.""There's another that says the Moon was captured by the Earth, at least it was a theory until 1980," he sighs again. "It said there might have been a large atmosphere around the primitive Earth, which would slow the movement of the Moon by aerobraking before it could escape.""That hypothesis could explain the irregular satellite orbits of Jupiter and Saturn.""Exactly," he said. "One flaw though is understanding the capture mechanism," he adds. "A close encounter of two planetary bodies typically results in either collision or altered trajectories.""That's why it was only used until the 1980s.""Yep," his hand extended a fag that she grabbed to lit it with her wand. "The one you said is the most recent one."She nodded taking a long drag to retain the air in her lungs to then hand him the fag."What if the Moon was once a planet and it dried?" he frowned at her question. "I mean, what if once all the planets were visible from one another? Like, you're in Saturn and you look up to meet Neptune, Uranus and Jupiter. Or in Mars and you see Venus and Mercury. Maybe there was more.""As if all were a group?"She nodded. "And perhaps one of them exploded and the rest just..." her hands expanded. "...Got separated and formed a new order.""What if the Moon was the one which exploded?""That's a good option," she agrees. "Maybe its core got heated, consuming all the life there from the inside, consuming the water... Leaving all so warmed that it didn't resist and exploded. Then, as the first theory says, created a debris ring and then the Moon.""Someone's fond of Astronomy I see," he chuckled pulling out the fag from his mouth.She smiled. "Not as much as you are," a sigh left her lips. "I love stars, they are always shining, don't have to worry about anything."The reflect of the sky glims in her eyes when he turns to look at her."When they're together they form mesmerising constellations, like bonds, promises," she continues. "I love when a supernova explodes, they jettison matter into space at some 9,000 to 25,000 miles per second," and she's enamoured by the sky. "These blasts produce much of the material in the universe —including iron, which makes up our planet and even ourselves. We practically depend on them."And he wonders what was in that letter."The colours, though," she smiles. "That's the mesmerising part, a sea of paint over its sisters as if saying 'that's my blood, I'm free'," her eyes lost up there. "I've always fantasied about being in front of an exploding supernova, feeling the heat in my face and becoming nothing in front of such beautifulness.""We must try it sometime," and she chuckles before turning her head to look at him.""We would die."He shrugs. "Two persons less, two persons more, shouldn't be big deal," and she laughs before shaking her head and taking her gaze back to the sky.They keep quiet for a moment. She admiring the dark page above her and he contemplating her. Imagining the heat of freedom exploding in front of her, painting her with colours."What if we form a constellation?""What?""You're a star, I'm a star.""How modest of you, Malfoy," she smiles before turning to look at him. "We're both stars then.""Yeah, pretty much," he nods. "So, what d'you say? Shall we form a constellation?""We need more stars for a constellation.""Vaughan."She laughs again and nods. "Fine, let's form a constellation." 

  Draco and I weren't a thing.

  Let father know he shouldn't do scandal, I won't stain my 'reputation'. And, yes, I remember very vividly what he said to me the last time we spoke directly and not through a house-elf.

  And as for the thing you ask me, no worries, I'm keeping my private life as much discreet as I can. Don't lose your nerve too. Sure magazines don't want to write how you faint.

  I am to expect not hearing from you both until another important thing is to be faced.Hope you're doing lovely.

 ༄ "Farewell, Lucius," the girl said smiling before standing on tiptoes to kiss the man on his cheek. "Goodbye, Cissy!" the woman hugged the girl before kissing her forehead."Take care of Leevy, Draco," his father told him with a half-smile, which made Draco smile. That had been one of the few times Lucius really smiled at him, with proud or happiness."Always," he said looking at her before passing an arm around her shoulder not without first saying goodbye to his mother, leaving a kiss on the woman's forehead as he always did."My father loves you more than he loves me," Draco sighed. "He's been calling you Leevy and smiling at you since he met you."He would never admit it to her, but he was still a bit jealous of the relationship she had with his parents and how they took care of her."Don't say that," she said with a half-smile. "They've always called me that," she reminded him. "And he loves you more than you think... Dracy," she laughed making him roll his eyes in amusement."I hate Jordan for giving you that idea," he laughed while both were on their way to station 9 and 3/4 after using the port-key Narcissa had given to them. Leevanna dedicated a smile to him knowing that they weren't going to talk about his father anymore.And she wouldn't judge him — she would never be capable of doing that. She knew many of the reasons they would not talk about it anymore. Because she has also reasons why she doesn't talk about her parents either, even if they had spent some time together — figuratively talking.But, the last week they had spent in Malfoy Manor, Lucius talked to her as they walked through the beautiful garden the house had, and she was grateful for all the things he'd told her — because she could understand his point of view of the things too. And it was maybe the same or even more complex doing it. She'd spent hours with Draco as she comprehended all his thoughts and with Lucius had been the same, just that she did it alone.Though he wasn't going to tell Draco — because it wasn't her duty, but she would give him small clues.Why? Because, one day, when Lucius wasn't home and Draco was occupied on something, Narcissa and Leevanna had watched a lot of Muggle VHS videos the woman had of her family after Draco was born. The green-eyed almost cried because all the things she saw and heard as both women drank tea and eat sweets.On the other hand, referring to their relationship, the words 'boyfriend' and 'girlfriend' didn't place them well — or that's what they had said. They didn't want to call themselves that, they didn't like cheesy labels or sweet nothings. It was enough for them to say 'yours, mine'. Tough they still said they were boyfriend and girlfriend just to let know the others — because, well, socialite.Their courting ways were the most strange ones. From duelling, fighting over biscuits and desserts to just stay in silent while watching the sky. Sometimes they held hands — if it could be called that way because it wasn't more than tangled pinkies and caresses with their thumbs while they read. Not quite affectionate but it was something. He still buys her a lot of things and she still brushes while painting as he observes her attentively.Both had opened more about the things they felt — though not with each other —, some of the traumas they had.Draco had not asked about what had happened behind the stands before holidays.But when she, herself, told him about why she reacted the way she did when someone touched her, he understood better but didn't tell her what he had seen. That would be a secret he would take to his grave.Leevanna had also told Draco about why Narcissa worried so much about her, why she wrote to her monthly and why sometimes in previous years she had come to Hogwarts to take the girl with her. Narcissa took her to a psychiatrist. Leevanna has seen a Psycho Healer for two years now. Draco was finally able to understand that he wasn't being left aside by his parents, they were just trying to help someone else because they could. But that didn't mean that it still bothers him a little.Though, they still had secrets with the other and still keep things to themselves that they didn't plan to tell or share with each other, at least not at that moment.Directing to the way they felt towards the other, they just looked at each other when the other wasn't looking. Observing their behaviours, wondering if it was okay to want to destroy oneself to please their companion — they star.Leevanna couldn't stop looking at the necklace around her neck. Perhaps it was her eyes, but the little star pendant seemed to shine more every day. And she sometimes wonders if the ring next to her Slytherin one could really mean something.She hasn't told him what her mum's letter said. The obligation she has. Doesn't want to scare him or something. His parents weren't forcing them to anything, and, because he's a man, he doesn't have that obligation. If he doesn't want to marry any day soon he doesn't have to.But she? 'Age doesn't wait.' 'Witches mustn't be alone.' 'Second season.'She's so scared. Deep inside her, she hopes he leaves her. Hopes he gets bored of her in some point and the decision of marriage would be easier. She wouldn't have to trap him, he could be free.Draco, for his part, cannot spend a single second without his eyes over her and the ring with a sun she'd given him. And curiously also wonders is maybe someday it would mean something.He knows — somehow — that she's constantly biting her lip and playing with her nails because she's nervous or preoccupied about something. That something is her mother's letter. He'd glimpsed it accidentally and the first worlds he caught were 'Skeeter' 'behaviour' 'father' 'marry'.And oh, he knows.And maybe he wants to make it mean something.Everything feels so good.It felt too right and comfortable — so right and comfortable that it was too dangerous and scary. Something about that year just did not felt right — it felt like the unquiet calm before the big storm.One thing that it hasn't change is that they still want to destroy the other, they want to drive each other mental until one of them breaks first. They were still dangerous for each other, dangerous in general being honest."There's Potter," Leevanna whispered to Draco in his ear and he grinned maliciously when they left the Hogwarts' Express.They definitely continued to enjoy and share the same hobbies and the things Lucius Malfoy had said to them a few weeks ago made them grin teasingly."I'm surprised the Ministry's still letting you walk around free, Potter," began to say the blond in the direction of Harry to provoke him placing his arm around Leevanna's shoulders unconsciously. "Better enjoy it while you can. I expect there's a cell in Azkaban with your name on it.""What's up, Potter? Did the rat of Weasel-Bee eat your tongue?" The girl said when she saw that the guy with glasses didn't respond and laughed loudly when she saw him being held by the redhead on his side once he tried to approach them. "Ow, The Golden boy is angry?" she added with a fake pity tone and a pout before she laughed maliciously."Just stay away from me!" Harry yelled."What did I tell you? Complete nutter," Draco said making Leevanna laugh before she winked an eye to Hermione Granger and waved at her with a smirk to then continue her path next to the blond.A few minutes later after they arrive at the Hogwarts' castle, they were receiving the list of Head Boys and Head Girls of Slytherin for that year.Draco and Leevanna were the selected ones next to a few others."What's wrong, Parkinson?" She said seeing how Pansy scowled at her, she had not been part of those few. "Jealous?" The girl rolled her eyes crossing her arms and started walking towards the exit.Yeah, they had a strange friendship."You have the height of a goblin, but you're scarier than a Dementor," Draco laughed starting to walk next to her towards The Great Hall — not holding hands or with an arm around her, just walking next to the other.When they arrived at their destination, the noise in the dining room was incredible.Leevanna smiled in the direction of Hermione Granger from her seat taking a piece of meat to her mouth, the hazelnut-haired one returned her smile and downed her gaze before taking food to her mouth."Since when you and Granger smile to each other?" Draco asked raising an eyebrow with curiosity as he took the glass of water to his mouth to drink it."Is none of your business, Malfoy," she responded looking at him before rolling her eyes. "Or are you insinuating something?""And what am I 'insinuating' according to you?" His fingers made quotation marks in the air. She chuckled."Don't know," she shrugged. "You tell me," and she took her glass of pineapple juice to her mouth looking playfully at him with raised eyebrows.Both narrowed their eyes at each other before they looked away and took a piece of, for his side a piece of meat and for her asparagus, to their mouths."Honey," he whispered in her ear. Her hair covering everything, "I'm the one who leaves you those purple marks," the tip of his tongue darting out to trace her ear lobe, "I'm the one who fucks you," then sliding up the arch of her cartilage, "so..." and he suckles her earlobe, "unless you've decided to change sides..." His breath against the skin of her jawline. "I'm not insinuating anything," and he left a kiss on her neck. "Because you are mine."And now she's completely blushed and holding her breath as the glass still remains in her hand half-way towards her mouth."What's wrong with her?" Asked Lhu arriving at her seat in front of them frowning confused seeing the blond chuckle before taking a piece of his food to his mouth."Lhu," said Leevanna leaving her glass on the table catching her best friend's attention. "Did you know that Malfoy has a teddy bear on his bed and he needs it to sleep? Its name is Mr Cuddles."Draco choked on his drink and spilt it.Lhu burst into laughter and held her belly as she tried to breathe. "Please— Please tell me it's true! I want a picture!" She cover her face with her hand still laughing."It is not true!" Draco protested as Leevanna laughed. "Tell her it's not true!""Honey," she said supporting her arms on his shoulder and raising her eyebrows. They loved to use cheesy names to bother the other. "It is.""It's— I had it when I was five, fine?!" He clarified. "I don't use it anymore!""Yeah," the black-and-white-haired nodded playfully. "I know, honey, I know," and her lips left a kiss on his cheek as he drank his pumpkin juice glancing her with narrowed eyes."You're a bitch, y'know?""And you're a prat.""You're a Gryndilow.""You're a ferret.""You're a star-nosed mole.""You're a git.""Silly bint.""Stupid idjit.""Whore.""Arsehole.""Thick bitch.""Tosser.""Daft cow.""Wanker.""Scrubber.""Lazy sod.""Slag.""Bell end.""Cunt.""Twat."And both clink their goblets finalising with their dictionary of insults."You two are really something else," laughed Lhu with her chin resting on both of her hands. Both shrugged.A few minutes later, most remained silent when they saw Dumbledore get up from his seat and walk towards the podium to give his usual and long speech."We also wish to welcome our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher... Professor Dolores Umbridge," the woman dressed in pink chuckled. "And I'm sure you'll all join me in wishing the professor good luck. Now, as usual, our caretaker, Mr Filch, has asked me to remind you—..." the man stopped his speech by listening to the woman clearing her throat while he stopped talking."Thank you, headmaster... For those kind words of welcome," she said, starting to walk towards the podium."Dress up all pink, I hate her already," Leevanna murmured making Lhu, who was in front of her, laugh."And how lovely to see all your bright... happy faces smiling up at me," she continued smiling, although no one was doing it. "I'm sure we're all going to be very good friends."Leevanna made a grimace of disgust."Let us preserve what must be preserved... Perfect what can be perfected... And prune practises that ought to be prohibited.""Perfect, just what was missing," Leevanna buffeted leaving her spoon aside roughly when Dumbledore started talking again. "And prune practices that ought to be prohibited," she said between teeth mimicking the woman's voice exaggerating. "What? I'm not going to be able to skip classes to have sex anymore? Little fucking cunts," she huffed."What does that mean?" Lhu asked crossing her arms on the table referring to the first thing she had said."We're under the ministry's gaze," Draco replied before pointing the spoon to the green-eyed one. "Eat.""Make me," she teased him looking at him with a raised eyebrow and crossing her arms."Are you being a bad girl?" He murmured in her ear causing her goosebumps."Maybe..." she answered him in the same way."All right then," he replied smirking and letting pass a few seconds before slowly sliding a hand inside her thighs unnoticed. Leevanna choked with her pineapple juice."What happened?" Lhu asked by frowning and leaving her glass to the side when she saw her friend choking as she tried to breathe.Draco chuckled softly."Nothing, nothing," Leevanna said cleaning her lips with the napkin to remove the liquid.She tightened her thighs in a attempt to stop him, but his fingers slipped around into the middle of her thighs, and she felt them flexing to push her legs apart. She bit back the smallest of moans that had started at the back of her throat feeling his index finger rubbing her clit linearly over the fabric of her underwear. She knew he was also taking revenge for the thing she had said before the headmaster's speech.He covered his mouth with his fist and smirked devilishly before grabbing his fork and taking a piece of meat to his mouth calmly as if nothing was happening beneath the table. Leevanna supported an elbow on the table and her forehead on her fist at the same time that she closed her eyes and bit her lower lip avoiding letting go of a groan.Her breathing shuddered.Only noticeable by him and her.He started to rub above the fabric a bit faster, still in a linear way.She leaned forward at such action and prayed to all the gods to not be discovered by anyone. She glanced at him and he raised an eyebrow innocently pretending not knowing anything.       Son of a bitch... the voice inside her head said as the girl narrowed her eyes at him.She glanced the professors' table and then her gaze divagated among the house tables seeing the students laugh.He always teased her in the most inappropriate places and times. That sneaky bastard.His finger going even faster."You guys are going to go to the knees up?" Asked Lhu taking Leevanna out of her thoughts.The green-eyed let out a soft, barely audible gasp when his fingers stopped."What knees up?" asked Draco calmly."The one in The Room of Requirement," answered Lhu before taking a piece of her food to her mouth. "S'going to be only Slytherins, obviously, Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws.""The twins aren't going?" Asked Draco frowning softly.His hand still without movement."From Gryffindor just them and Lee, maybe Ginny, the other ones aren't," she admitted. "We don't want to deal with their prefects anymore."Draco snickered agreeing with her."My sunshines!" Said Theo arriving at Lhu's side and passing an arm through her shoulders attracting her closer.Draco pressed the girls clit with his finger making her close her eyes."Are you going to the knees up?" Asked Theodore leaving a kiss on Lhu's cheek."Yep," she replied chuckling as Pansy arrived huffing. "You Pansy?""The knees up?" Lhu and Theo nodded. "Of course I'm going. The noble house of Slytherin always has the best ones, our knees up are superior."Leevanna passed her gaze among all her friends in front of her. How they could not realise?"You Leev?" Asked Pansy."Yeah—" she breathed feeling his finger make more pressure. "I'm going," she responded frantically."And you blondie?" Asked Theo nodding at him. "You in?"Quickly and suddenly, Draco entered his hand under Leevanna's lace panties and sank his middle finger inside her wet entrance."My witch is going, Nott," he responded. "Of course I am in."Leevanna glanced at him and sucked her breath and bit her lower lip, trying not to pant and wanting to scream internally praying for her body not to betray her and release a sound.The double-meaning comments were one of the games they'd discovered they liked.She introduced a bit of the lemon tartlet on her plate into her mouth chewing it slowly trying to compose herself. She held her breath again and her heartbeat thrummed in her ears as Draco thrusted his finger in and out of her, slowly and lustfully as his thumb addressed her clit to rub it in a circular motion.She swallowed the piece of tartlet inside her mouth and supported both elbows on the table tangling her hands before taking her fork again and pinching the lemon tartlet to take it to her mouth. His thrusts' pace increased at the same time he speeded up the movements on her clit making her press her lips on the fork without pulling it out of her mouth.Draco entered his ring finger into her, pumping faster and stopping rubbing her clit.She took off the fork of her mouth slowly and chewed the tartlet in the same way. She bit her lower lip hard again avoiding moan and repeating herself internally that she has to stay still and don't make any noise.She breathed feeling currents travel all her body as her tight walls wrap around his fingers. Tightening them so hard due to the built orgasm she was about to have."Fuck," she whispered as lowly as she could against her hands.She winced a little when his fingers left her."You cum when I told you to," he said in her ear making her shudder and hasp lowly in complain. The itching between her thighs increased until it was at the highest point leaving her on the edge.He sucked his fingers as she glanced him playfully."Why did you just suck your fingers?" Asked Pansy taking a piece of her pumpkin tartlet to her mouth."Oh, I accidentally wet them with whipped cream," the blond answered normally. "You know, so sweet and tasty, couldn't just use the napkin."Leevanna's smile widened, preventing her laugh to escape her throat.Draco turned his head to her and looked at her with an innocent closed-mouth smile before he took a piece of the lemon tartlet to his mouth.He raised his eyebrows at her and she imitated his action teasingly. ༄ On the first day of classes, the 2nd of September, Leevanna tickled Draco's neck, who was sprawled over his desk half-sleep as he squirms on it for her to stop."I should be the one who's sleeping, you know?" she whispered in his ear making him chuckle genuinely. She was right though, after all, the things they had done under sheets had been more for her than for him. A paper bird made by one of the Patil sisters fluttered over Leevanna a few seconds before she pushed it in the direction of others smiling. The minutes they had without the teachers were usually like that... Until Dolores bloody Umbrigde arrived and finished the fun burning the paper."Good morning, children," she said, starting to walk. "Ordinary Wizarding Level examinations. O-W-Ls," she continued pointing her wand to the board. "More commonly known as O.W.L.s," she rolled her eyes, her squeaky voice caused her headache.And as the insufferable woman kept talking, Leevanna wondered if Luna Lovegood could take her to see the Thestrals again — she only went to The Forbidden Forest if it was with her or with Hagrid, after all, they were the ones who knew the place best. She's been able to see the creatures since the first time she arrived at Hogwarts, but she had never told anyone until she met Luna again in her second year at the school, when the blue-eyed one was in her first year.She returned to reality when she felt Draco's hand place in her thigh, as he always did since last year, when they started being together after The Yule Ball — well — two weeks after that."And how's theory supposed to prepare us for what's out there?" Harry Potter said.Leevanna looked at Draco with a soft frown, she had lost the conversation subject. He pointed the book on her desk with his gaze and she understood."There's nothing out there, dear," said the woman smiling. "Who do you imagine wants to attack children like yourself?""Oh, I don't know. Maybe Lord Voldemort," the green and blue-eyed ones froze in their sits, the rest of the students remained in silence.His name made Leevanna wince, it had been barely visible, only Draco, who was with his eyes closed, noticed it. He glanced her and started doing small spirals on her thigh's skin for her to come back to reality, which she did."Now, let me make this quite plain," the professor said forcing a smile. "You have been told... That a certain dark wizard is at large once again... This is a lie."Leevanna and Draco knew it wasn't a lie. But they couldn't say anything, could they?"It's not a lie! I saw him! I fought him!""Detention, Mr Potter!""Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord?" Leevanna's heart stopped for a second when she heard Cedric's name as she remembered her last memory with the Hufflepuff guy. He lifted her in the air making her laugh. "Thank you for being the best friend," he said looking at her with a smile. "Enough!" shouted Umbridge bringing the green-eyed back to reality. "Enough," she repeated, this time was calmer. "See me later, Mr Potter. My office." ༄ "Umbridge? Sounds more like Umbitch to me," Leevanna said rolling her eyes.Lee choked with his drink spilling a little off his lips laughing. The twins burst into laughter just like Lhu while Draco covered his face with his hand trying to hide his laughter.They were in The Room of Requirement, in the early-year party organised by some Head Boys and Girls from Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff which Lhu had talked about when they arrived at the castle. Alcohol rolled through the place and the smell of weed as well — courtesy of George. The neon lights also reflecting everywhere."I have a proposal for ya," Fred started by placing an arm on Leevanna's shoulders and sticking their heads as if it were a kind of secret meeting. "The one who dyes her hair green first puts a challenge on the loser. But Umbitch doesn't have to realise for a minimum of a day.""Deal," Leevanna replied before crashing their drinks and tangling their arms to drink the liquor of their glasses. "Luna!" exclaimed the girl laughing and going to hug the girl."Leev," she sweetly greeted her putting a hair behind her friend's ear."Come, come, the twins and I are making bets," she told her still laughing for the effects of the weed in her. The blue-eyed girl accepted and joined them laughing before grabbing a cigarette."Leev, you want one?" Asked Luna before lighting her own cigarette."Oh, no, no," said George preventing the green-eyed to took one. "You and Muggle-weed had a bad backstory," she rolled her eyes."Bad backstory?" Frowned Draco in the girl's direction and she shrugged. "Vaughan, what backstory?" And his voice had that tone of warning she knew she couldn't escape."She spent three consecutive days in a drug-side effect because she started snorting it," Fred answered for her and she glare him for making her little secret to see the light. "She did that for a month I think."Draco turned his head and looked down to see her with a raised eyebrow."Thanks, mate," Leevanna said sarcastically. "With you as friends, who needs fucking enemies?" And she drank all her liquor's glass in once."Aw, Leevy," Luna chuckled leaving a kiss on her cheek. "I would give you one if I could.""See?! That's a friend, you bloody bastards," she huffed resting her head on the blue-eyed girl shoulder."Go, you can have one," chuckled Draco taking her waist to attract her to him. Her eyes sparkled and she took the one Luna was offering her with a smile.Lee, Fred, George and Lhu started at him with their arms crossed and a look which said: 'Really, mate?'"What?" He defended himself innocently."You're spoiling her," said Lhu as if she was his or her mother with an amusingly smile. Draco shrugged laughing.Those of the Ravenclaw house had gotten music from somewhere so most of the people were dancing on the improvised dance floor.Draco lowered his gaze, trying to hid his fun as he saw Leevanna jumping at the rhythm of the music. He crossed his arms over his chest and slid the tip of his tongue across the edge of his upper teeth before he twirled his tongue inside his mouth against his cheek. The tip of his tongue pressing against his fang before he suckled it playfully.The edges of Leevanna's pale-pink halter neck, chiffon short dress lifting a bit as she continued jumping and enjoying the music next to Pansy, Lhu, Luna and Daphne.He passed his gaze from her to a group of fourth-year boy's hypnotised with the show the girl was giving. The three boys turned their heads away from her when they realised Draco's dangerous glare.He was about to take a glass of Fire Whiskey to his mouth when the view of Leevanna sliding her hands up her body from her tiny waist to her hair before she jumped repeatedly again, made his cheeks blush a bit.The edges of her dress lifting even more in every jump she gave.He drank all the liquor at once, trying to look away from her thighs.The neon lights illuminating her body and reflecting like flashes on her face. Her silky white and black curls jumping at the same rhythm she did it. Floating in the air as she laughed and make Pansy give a spin before the raven-haired did the same with her.He drank another glass of Fire Whiskey and reviewed her body with his eyes.Leevanna took Draco by the hand while moving her hips, but he refused to follow her. He did not dance — jump, the way she was doing it."Enjoy neon life, Malfoy!" she said playfully before leaving a soft but quick kiss on his lips. He flexed his fingers against hers in her hand laughing and letting himself be guided by her while she moved like a worm as she jumped, or so he saw it.A few hours later, at almost half-past three in the morning, while Fred, Daphne and Lee sang a song as out of tone as they could, George and Lhu had already left the place. Leevanna went up to a table and gave three applause to attract the attention of the others.The party's soul since third year."First of all... Fuck Umbitch!" She said raising her glass as everyone cheered her up. "Second, d'you know why we Slytherins love Hufflepuffs?" They all denied. "Because we're," hiccup "softies inside," and everyone cheered her back. "Third, long live to Ravenclaws for being baddies tonight, thanks to my dear ones," she said bowing. "And finally! Thanks to the approval of the twins, Jordan and Ginny... Who wants to play jokes on the bloody Gryffindors?!" All those present raised their arms repeatedly, acclaiming her.Draco frowned, Fred and Lee nodded smirking proudly taking a couple of toys out of their pockets.Of course, they had told her to do that, they always followed her crazy ideas — the last time they had been drunk, they had make snow in Dumbledore's dormitory in the middle of the night and made him look like Santa Claus. 'Christmas spirit' they had said."Draco," Luna called him laughing while Leevanna hugged her from behind and tried to hide. "I have a gift for you... 3... 2... 1...""Surprise!" Leevanna went out behind her laughing and going to climb on Draco.Leevanna was a whole different person when she was drunk. She was beyond funny and goofy, very loving too."God, time to sleep," he told her rolling his eyes and listening to her complaining."Bye, Luna! Bye Fred! Bye Lee!" she said cheerfully as she was being carried by Malfoy to get her out of there quickly before she continued giving her show of jumps.She laughed at thinking that Draco was playing with her, but all he tried to do was make her go up the stairs. She kept shushing herself making him giggle softly."Leevanna, this isn't the time to play," he said trying to sound serious and already tired."Sh!! Ya 're goin' wake up som'one!" she exclaimed before shushing herself again.Draco laughed and carried her like a princess one more time towards their private room. It would be easier."Come on, get change," he told her, leaving her one of his thin sweaters that were huge on her."Draco," she called him a little more serious, he turned after taking off his shirt. "Ooh la la, oui oui, are ya goin' to dance for me?" He laughed before putting on a pyjama shirt and denying with his head seeing her fight against her dress to take it out. "Draco," she called it again."Hm?" He replied holding his laughter when he saw her with the dress on her head. Then he reviewed her body with his gaze.        Not tonight."Draco," she called him again putting on the sweater and laying on the bed."What?" He said laying next to her while seeing her laying on top of him."You're mine, mine," she said with her cheek on his chest. "Your father loves you, y'know?" She hugged him, Draco froze. "He," hiccup "told me, that day at the garden. He cares," she continued with her eyes closed. "But he doesn't tell ya 'cause the magic of the rainbow doesn't exist and he couldn't protect you if he didn't do what he does," she finished. "And also, thank you for makin' me your star," she smiled against his chest and a few seconds later she fell asleep.Draco meditated her words, the children and drunkards always tell the truth, don't they? And she was one of the most honest people he knew. He caressed her hair smelling it. Maybe Leevanna was right... ༄ On the morning of Friday of that week, Leevanna and Lhu sat next to the twins and Lee Jordan for breakfast."You definitely don't stop eating," Lhu laughed sitting in one of George's legs while he put a piece of his croissant inside his mouth."Today is Quidditch practice, my princess," he told her kissing her cheek making her chuckle."God, if I'm going to get that way when I have a girlfriend, I don't want one," Lee whispered to Leevanna making her laugh. "Please tell me that Malfoy has a sister or something. I like the cold ones.""You break my heart, I thought we were lovers," she said dramatically putting a hand on her forehead before pretending to faint falling into his arms."Are you suggesting a threesome?" Leevanna laughed at Lee's question. She raised her eyebrows playfully and taking a strawberry and putting it into her mouth. "Malfoy, your girlfriend proposed a trio to me," Leevanna looked at him with her mouth open, outraged."That's not true! Don't believe him!" She replied seeing the blond lift an eyebrow in her direction with a serious face. Before she could say something more to defend herself, everyone's attention focussed on the voices they heard."Pardon me, professor, but what exactly are you insinuating?" Umbridge said in the distance, the six went outside to see what was happening as well as the other students."I am merely requesting that when it comes to my students... You conform to the prescribed disciplinary practices," replied Professor McGonagall angrily."You tell her, Minnie," chuckled Fred lowly, making Leevanna press her lips avoiding to laugh."So silly of me, but it sounds... as if you're questioning my authority in my own classroom... Minerva," no one understood what they were talking about."What is Umbitch doing?" Asked Lhu lowly to Fred, who was closer."I don't really know," he confessed glancing her. "Lee, what's she doing?""I heard a third-year Ravenclaw left her office crying silently," he muttered as low as he could keeping his hands in his pockets. "But I don't know either.""She's using special quills," said George standing by her side, turning his head to his girlfriend, she frowned confused. "You write with them and the letters appear in your hand's skin or something like that," he sighed scratching the back of his head. "Ron told me she had done it with Harry.""She is what?" Lhu's eyes winded open and George nodded."Not at all, Dolores, merely your mediaeval methods.""Who the fuck Umbridge thinks she is?" Frowned Leevanna crossing her arms over her chest, her voice was barely audible, just for her friends. "Apart from a fucking cunt, clearly."Draco chuckled lowly."I am sorry, dear, but to question my practises is to question the Ministry... and by extension, the minister himself," she said changing her tone of voice. "I am a tolerant woman... but the one thing I will not stand for is disloyalty.""Disloyalty," Minerva replied going down a step."Things at Hogwarts are far worse than I feared," her eyes travelling through the students in front of her. "Cornelius will want to take immediate action," and as soon as the hateful woman said that, an article in The Daily Prophet was being published.And with that, all the problems started.

All war starts with a spark.

Whatever form of love it is. For the love of one's gods, of people, of freedom, love of one's territory, and much more. It could be the minimum thing, but all starts with that.Love is such a dangerous feeling. It can merge with obsession, jealously,  hate . Infinity of colours we don't even know exist.The Trojan War, for example.Menelaus was furious when he discovered his wife had been 'abducted' by Paris — without understanding, she'd actually   escaped. And what happened? He called upon all the cities of Greece to aid him in his plight to rescue his wife.Some say the man was just doing it for his throne and the thirst for power. Other people agree he was truly in love with Helen, his Queen. However the thing was, all was stimulated by that unreasonable feeling that can become so dangerous in such a short time.

Maybe less than yoghurt.

Leevanna has just tossed him a whole recipient of it out of nowhere.

The worst part is that he's not even very much fond of the mango flavoured one. It's sticky and too sweet.

She slammed the Daily Prophet on the coffee-table in front of him before also hurling him a goblet of juice that was over it not caring of who it was. Theodore and Pansy pursed their lips trying not to laugh. They’d been studying.

"Arrange your schedules!" her voice still loud while walking away.

TWO WITCHES ONE WAND?

This past weekend we spotted Mr Draco Malfoy shopping at Hogsmeade Village — in a rush of finding a florist while seeking jewellery.

What's the problem, you may ask?

  Well, dearests reader, Miss Leevanna Vaughan — who we thought was Mr Malfoy's witch — is allergic to the flowers and candies Mr Malfoy purchased.

Some minutes later after leaving Honeydukes, Mr Malfoy was sighted entering Madam Puddifoot to then meet a brunette witch — who he greeted with a hand-kiss and gave her the flowers he'd recently bought.

One or two hours later, both said their goodbyes with a kiss on the cheek. Just one minute later the witch left, Mr Malfoy was receiving a bag from a worker of a jewellery shop.

   And who appeared just seconds after?

That's correct, dearest reader. Miss Vaughan made her appearance with a smile across her pretty face before Mr Malfoy left a kiss on her lips and gave her the bag.

  As we can see, this dragon seems to be a two-game player.

Would this be mutually accord or is Mr Malfoy playing with fire?

For more and photos, see page 7 —— September 9, by   Rita Skeeter  , in   The Daily Prophet  .

And photos. Bloody beetle indeed.

"This bitch," he spits between teeth before flicking his wand to make disappear all the mess his witch had caused. "Vaughan!"

He doesn't waste time to explain it to his friends, he's already chasing her through the hallways. She walks fast and is practically running.

To his advantage, he's a lot taller than her and doesn't take long in being almost behind her.

"Oi, you!" and her hands suddenly grab a Ravenclaw boy's neck who didn't even have the time to process when she kissed him unexpectedly.

It had been so abruptly that now her teeth hurt. But she didn't care.

"What's wrong with you?!" his hand grabs her arm to get her out of the scene and take her somewhere else. The Ravenclaw was still in shock and the people around them were identical.

"If you get to cheat then I get to be a whore!" she yells getting off his grip. For much bitter the word sounds in her mouth, she has still said it. Seems that in some way she has the same foul vocabulary her father has with her and her mum. "And don't touch me!"And perhaps you don't have to name it   love  , but the feeling of knowing something is yours and then hear it was stolen by somebody you don't even know, must hit hard.And she reminds herself that she hates him and all. That isn't supposed to care about him and the things he does.

They're a   constellation.       Constellation my Mandrake.

"I'm not deceiving on you, witch!"

If it was true or not, it didn't matter. She was going to stay with him anyway. She didn't have a choice like the rest of the people did

Would she be like her mum? Probably. Though Leevanna is much more than that and certainly has a more bit of respect for herself than her progenitor, she doesn't have a choice.

She has responsibilities.

But that doesn't change the matter she's furious with him. He's hers. How did he dare to buy things to some other witch?

She isn't going to call her a slag — because slut-shaming is heinous and she knows it — but oh, how madly she wants to do it. Though isn't the witch's fault.

That bloody blond was the only one to blame here.

"Tell that to Skeeter!" and she shoves him off. "Because of brunette, I have as much as you do!""Your father sent her!" it's his turn to yell. "Ask   him   why the fuck he did that!" her brows frowned at him. Now she's confused.Her father? What the hell her father had to do with this?

The man didn't even mind about his only daughter and she was very sure he hated and sickened her with all his inexistent soul. There was just one thing he wanted from Leevanna — a part to kill her or something similar — and that was to shut whatever speculation by marrying her to the highest bidder and maintain their surname's reputation.

Why would he even send —  "All witches are the same," he said closing the door. "Specifically you," he filthy finger pointed her. "You don't deserve anything good, you are replaceable as anyone here. You are   nothing. You don't deserve   anything."And then he slapped her.

That had been years ago. When he found about the little favour Narcissa was doing Leevanna by taking her to a Psycho Healer.

Pretty good way to traumatise a child.

"You don't deserve anything good."

Did he — Did he really believe Malfoy was something good for her?

It had sense though.

Not that Malfoy was any good in her life, but at least she smiled truly. She hadn't even think about her father realising that detail.

Knowing the man, Malfoy was telling her the truth. Her father surely was snickering seated on his leather couch while drinking Dragon Tears. Yanking from her the tiny breeze of happiness she was experimenting while hiding like the pansy weasel he was.

That wazzok bastard, foul piece of sh—

"—and you don't have any right because Jordan's always fucking behind you!"

"What on earth are you saying?!"

"Oh, don't you dare play fool on me!"

Playing fool on him? What the bloody hell was he talking about? Lee was her friend and nothing more than that.

But she's already hysterical.

And in defensive mood — that is, she wants to hurt him the same way he'd done by obeying her father's instructions to snatch her breeze.

"At least I haven't been spotted buying him fucking flowers!"

"So you disclose it?!"

"Don't be preposterous! I'm not deceiving!"

"Well, I'm not either!"

"I don't believe you!"

"Surprise! I don't either!"

When something's ours, we don't want to share it. Because it's our property. Ours. Nobody else's to touch or see — even breathe near it.

Our brain generates hallucinations of what could be happening after we see or hear something. Our insides twist and all we can see is a big cloud of anxiety and jealously. A toxic air mass that contains the most destructive and pernicious of cyclones.And we end up hating everyone and everything else that may become a threat to what is  ours.We want to mark it with blood from our veins and we   will   — if we could. Unfortunately, it may be illegal.But, for Fuck's sake, does that even matter? We would do whatever to conserve our most precious treasure from scoundrels.

His blue-grey eyes aren't planning to quit observing the picture in front of him. Is bloody frustrating seeing it.

And he can't do bloody anything without pissing his witch off. They'd succeeded in being civilised persons for several hours now. He doesn't want to ruin that. He's promised her he will take her out tonight.

But he can't help and narrow his eyes at them.

His hands are holding the book over his lap so tight that he thinks his fingers will break. His knuckles are withe as snow and all his muscles are tense. Burning blood is running throughout his body. He can feel his jaw clenching even more.

What the bloody hell is so fucking funny for her to bloody giggle?

Perhaps Azkaban isn't so awful.

Killing someone in the most painful way because they are too close, shouldn't be a crime.

It is his property. His treasure.

Why is he bloody touching his property with those fucking filthy fingers of his?! Why is he smiling at his bloody property?!

Perhaps the book is already torn apart.

His eyes narrow more if possible and he can feel the current of the monster climbing his spine to start whispering things to him.

      She's laughing with someone that isn't you. Perhaps they are laughing about you.

She giggles again before the red sugar quill enters her mouth that has still a smile.

       They're laughing about how foolish you look thinking she would want you.

Her lips are so red. They look so soft and plump — more than they already were. Perfect to kiss them right now and bite them.

       Surely she doesn't even like kissing you. She doesn't even like you.

And he's looking at her lips. His irises go up and down every now and then while she talks and smiles distracted from his intentions.

She blinks several times when the wind moves her hair. He knows an eyelash is bothering her when she rubs her eye and blinks another two times now seeing correctly.

He mutters something to her. About having the eyelash on her face. Pointing it.

Her eyes looked down in an attempt to search from it but can't see anything.

        How would want a selfish, hypocrite, vile and ungrateful beast like you? Because she has called you that, hasn't she?

She says something he can't hear and he answers.

And his hand is raising.

        You're just a piece of shite that has no significance in this fucked up world. Scum who doesn't deserve anything. A pathetic, little cockroach who's a fucking bastard and just like his fucking fa—

"Bloody hell, mate," says Fred after giving a jump from the fright. "You alright?"

A burned path with now faint flames that started near him and crossed between two people has attracted the attention of everyone in their little group.

"Yeah," he murmurs seeing his witch close her book while looking at him. He turns to look at Fred. "I was trying some wandless magic, went wrong."

His view quickly drifts to Lhu's eyes, who seems to be thinking the same as him.

Because she has seen the same.

She gives him a faint nod barely visible that makes him expel air from his nose while closing his eyes to then opening them and see her mouthing 'Haven't confirmed'.

Perhaps Potter wasn't the only one with a cell in Azkaban with his name on it.

His head turns when somebody sits by his side.

"You haven't talked to me," she says pouting making him exhale by his nose smiling.

"My apologies, ma'am," he said closing his book.

She raised an eyebrow. "No pretty princess or jolie mademoiselle?"

"Sorry, love, I'm not my father," he chuckled placing a hand on her cheek to leave a kiss on his forehead.

"Arse," she smiled leaning her head on his lap to continue her reading.

His arm placed above her waist to circle it while his gaze slowly shifted from his gorgeous witch to the person he wanted to peel off his skin with bloody tweezers.

The pansy's eyes were on his witch, what made Draco surround her even more possessively as his eyes pierced his face.

When the bloody bastard looked up to meet the blond's eyes, he hold it for a second before turning to look at Fred's twin.

"Mate, gonna need your help with something," said Draco making Fred smile mischievously.

And maybe he cannot interrupt his witch's tranquility today, but tomorrow he definitely is.

Feeling that twist in our intestines — feeling the monster crawling up to our spine with its tentacles and teeth, how it tears apart your nerves until its mouth reaches your brain to start whispering — becomes the most dangerous of the colours. We don't trust our property.

And we explode over and over again.

So when his eyes catch him holding her books for her before leaving her at the classroom's entrance, he narrows his eyes from his seat trying to hold it back until the class finishes.

"He's behind you like a bloody puppy!"

"He's so fucking close to you that not even a fucking hair's fibre can fucking fit!"

And she wonders what on earth has happened for him to believe such ludicrous thing. She didn't see Lee as anything else but a bloody friend and this blond was making assumptions left and right as if blinks it was.

What has she even done for him to believe that?

"And you what?!" her throat is sore and feels as if the words tear it apart. They had been yelling for an hour and a half. "Witches form a fucking queue to ask you potions' ingredients!"

"I don't talk to them!"

"Oh, of course you don't! You buy them hydrangeas and Pixie Puffs!"

"Oh, please! I thought we were over it!"

And, oh, he's bloody naïve.

Leevanna Vaughan is never over something. He should be aware of that.

"Well we aren't!" with her rosy-rage face and hands in pockets, she starts walking away from him. "And Lee isn't behind me like a fucking puppy!"We get mad because it's   ours.And someone else is trying to steal it. To yank it out from us. To make it abandon us.

Draco slams the door before calling her surname again. Wants to keep fighting.

She wants it too, fortunately.So they continue doing it for   weeks. In class, at breaks, with words, without them, with looks, actions, maybe an indirect."I still don't believe that," Daphne says reading her book again. "Because of the... revolver? — That thing's size, it's not possible— I mean— A ballet...   Bullet   wound under the ribcage?" she frowned. "If those things kill, I'd direct it to my head," her eyes upped to look at her friend. "Sure it wasn't homicide?""It was suicide," she huffs. "It was checked by Theo, his brother, and he said  'I wounded myself', plus he was mentally ill.""It just doesn't make—""The man was exhausted from working hard and the high criteria he set for himself, Daphne," she bit out. "And maybe his life was miserable and — and disastrous and his parents were rubbish who cared about more a  reputation  than their own son and his wizard was cheating with some brunette his  own  father sent and — and that wizard didn't trust him and was a complete prat who purchases flowers and Pixie Puffs to another witch knowing his own's allergic! And if he was going to cheat perhaps he could've had the brain to buy flowers he wasn't allergic to, to cover his lie! But oh, the wizard's an ignoramus who thinks he's got a puppy and cannot differentiate the word friend from inamorato because he doesn't distinguish plants either!"And when all the people in the library shushed her, she sighed. Tries to stead herself.

Daphne frowned and lifted her gaze once again from the page at the blond next to her."Are you— you   dared   to cheat—"He, ignoring Daphne, turned to look at the one who was his witch. "How many fucking times do I need to fucking tell you I'm not—""Was I speaking with you,   Malfoy?" when there's no response she continues, "That's what I thought.""Stop being childish,   Vaughan," he huffs. She breathes out a bitter laugh."Me? Are   you   telling   me   that?" she laughs again. "You're the one who causes drama out of nowhere just because someone breathes.""Then tell your fucking puppy to not breathe."

Eyes narrowed and muscles tense. Another battle none of them are willing to lose even if it's stupid."You two can take your foul language and continue your   duelling   outside," both turn their heads to Madam Pince, who's standing idly and talking lowly.Both grab their things murmuring whose fault it's while they walk away. Only to start fighting again outside the library leaving an outraged Daphne with the girls' incomplete project.

The days pass, eyes keep being narrowed and yells resonate throughout the walls of a castle. Like it has been always since both met each other.

But it doesn't feel like a war.

War tastes bitter. It drives you mad. Plays with your mind while you get wounded. Peels off your skin pore by pore while screams tear apart your throat.

This feels like battles. Little ones. Just to see how many of them the other can win.

But battles doesn't matter, what matters it's who gets to broke first. That's the real war. When both broke each other most fatally.

"You want me to leave?! Go on! Keep saying all those things and I'm leaving!"

"Go on then! Fucking lave! I hate you!"

"Good news! I hate you, too!"

"Then you hate yourself because IF YOU HAVEN'T FUCKING NOTICED, we're literally the same person!"

Explosion followed explosion.

As if someone was constantly pushing a grenade' button to make it explode at the minimum brush.

"You think I cannot live without you?!"

She slid her hand up to his thigh until she reached the middle, where she pressed.

"Don't even five minutes," she said in his ear before he pinned her against the wall.

Just to explode one more time.

"Oh, don't come to me with your fake-crying!" he yells making her laugh bitterly."You're. A. Fucking. Prat!" she screams before wiping away her falling tear. "You know who caused this?!" she shoves him off with the tear's hand. "  You!  ""And me what?!" he yells again pushing her too. "You're always attacking me if I was some kind of monster! I'm not cheating on you! I wouldn't dare!"

"Maybe you are!" she yells. "Maybe you're the monster!"

"Have you forgotten last year?!" and she doesn't care to get hurt if he does first. Because, oh, he   is   hurt. Doesn't like that memory. "What   you   did to me?! The way   you   attacked me?!""So we're going to talk about physical damage then!" he yells. "Have you forgotten the ice floes?! Slaps that make someone bleed?! Hexes?! You aren't a saint either!"

"Then we both are monsters!"

In recent weeks, Leevanna and Draco haven't quit fighting for a single moment.

He watches her more frequently — all the time. But when she meets his gaze, he quickly looks away because he isn't supposed to be watching her.

Both of them have become a little colder, but that isn't a problem, they're like that. They like it that way. Cold.

Possessiveness is never too much and they seem to have a master's degree in screaming at each other for simply just breathing near other people.

In summer, things had been easier — because no one was around them.

Either of the two could start a fight out of nowhere, things usually got heated in seconds if not less and for the simplest things. Articles in the Daily Prophet and people wanting to take part in their relationship didn't help, just made things even worse.

He yells. She yells.

They never hold back something and lose their nerves at the minimum gaze.

When sometimes she was the one who started the hustle and bustle, he usually told her to stop — because they'd just fought hours ago or perhaps he just wanted to be near her without screaming — but she didn't quit until he responded.

They were slaves of their emotions — the rage and jealousy.

Slaves of a heartless kind of love.

It feels like heaven when they get to be calm, but then yet they don't get to enter.

There're days when they get to be without yelling. They read and can handle having civilised conversations without throwing indirects.

That didn't last longer though. Maybe some

hours or a day. Then it was all fighting.

Sometimes he ended up shouting at her until he made her cry or vice-versa. They have even started to throw and break things, but they would never physically hurt the other, only emotionally.

They wanted to hurt and destroy the other. They really meant to do it. Whatever it took, they wanted to leave a deep wound on the other until they begged for mercy.

After the shouting, crying, deep or sharp noises of things being break and tears that feel like blood being let fall, came the unquiet calm. The minutes of heavily pants and the ghost of the cries. The feeling of being over the edge of death as they tried to put in order every piece of their beings. Repentance and guilt. The incessant apologies and hours in silent.

They're committed to a love that perhaps it isn't. A feeling that kills them inside.And maybe they need to kill it —  the feeling.They didn't know how to control that fact of their relationship but they thought every couple dealt with it... Maybe not in that way but every couple fight, right?

Every guy told their girlfriends that they were theirs, right? Every boy had anger issues, don't they?And every girl told their boyfriends that they must  not  breathe near another girl because she has trust and abandonment issues, right?They didn't know anything about relationships and they were learning with the other.But... Was it okay be like   that?Everything was —  felt  too dangerous. They were walking on eggshells. Fragile .It was that feeling of knowing that every single thing's wrong but the climate seems to say otherwise. Like when you wake up one morning with a bizarre sensation of ache and emptiness, causing your head to hurt leaving a sour effect in your body, but when you see the luminous sunlight, it numbs your brain and replenishes you with a cruel façade of hope and the fake perception everything's right. Until the sun comes down, detonating a bomb in less than a second, making fun of you for thinking everything was in its place.

In the days that they didn't communicate at all, Leevanna spent time with the twins, Lee, Lhu and Luna, but her mood decreased notoriously and Draco's too.

The emotional dependence that both had was simply incredible. They'd been 'together' for such a short time, why they were so fucking dependant?

The fact both had to spend time together as Prefects was stressing all the situation. The rounds in the middle of the night were awkwardly silent if they'd fought the day or hours before. They'd walk in silent, only their steps being heard. Unspoken words and held breaths.

None had accepted the dorms the school provided as Prefects. One because Draco had already a private room and two because the idea of sharing things when they didn't want to sounded awful. If they fought, the other would search for the other in their dorms and voilà.

"Oi, Leev," Fred whispered to the girl before throwing a note at her. They were studying in The Great Hall.

'What with the red eyes?'

"We fought," she replied whispering hiding the note in her notebook. George frowned and raised his head in a sign of question. Leevanna took the note out to start writing and felt Draco's gaze on her. He was sitting next to Blaise and Theodore several seats away.

'Jealousy, from him. Lee'

"Goodness me," Fred murmured reading the note with his brother, luckily the boy wasn't with them at that time. He was sitting at another table, next to Daphne and Lhu.

Leevanna wasn't comfortable talking about their fights with anyone.

Not even with her pillow. Not with anyone.

"I'll catch you later," she whispered picking up her things and leaving the place before handing her homework to the professor in charge.

In the summer they had fought, yes, but those were stupid fights — biscuits or books.

Nothing as serious as recently.Dangerous  ... It felt dangerous.The first weeks they'd started being 'together', they'd fought multiple times, yes. Because they were explosive — still were — and they hated themselves and the other so much for not being able to control their crazy hormones and desires.

"You're mine," he demanded. She narrowed her eyes looking at him.

"Okay," she said. "You're mine, too," he also narrowed his eyes hearing her voice.

"I don't give a fuck about you!""And whoever said   I   give a shit about you?!""Then why are you so fucking mad at me?!"

"Me?!" she laughed bitterly. "You're the one who's reclaiming!"

He rolled his eyes before supporting one hand on the wall blocking her path. "You cannot graft with other boys."

"And you cannot graft with other girls either," she demanded crossing her arms.

Both narrowed their eyes.

"Fine!" both said exasperated.

"You're just a quick fuck," he said.

Both looked into each other's eyes angrily.

"You're just one of my preys," she said.

And they have always fought. They love to do it — it's like a part of their personalities.

If they don't get to fight, things get worse.

But it wasn't as before. In past months things would be cleared with him sitting next to her in class and extending her a sugar quill before he held her wrist to get her out and kiss her until she was whimpering under him. Or maybe she would appear with an apple or a new book as an apology before she sat on his leg and everything was fine again.

Now they played and made fun of the necessity both had.

And they did it on purpose.

That wasn't right. It wasn't healthy. Not good. Not a single drop of 'they look good together' shite.

But they didn't have any type of control, nobody controlled them as if they were kids anymore — maybe someone should have. Being honest, nobody had controlled them as kids either. They always did what they wanted and no one had explained to them how things were supposed to be. No one had taught them.

One of the big mistakes they were committing was that they thought the other was their psychologist, they took refuge in the other when they were having depressive episodes.

If she was lost in her thoughts, she just stayed with Draco in their room. He caressing her hair with her laying next to him until both fell asleep. If he was the one having a bad time, he would look for her — it could be at any moment, even if they were in class — and clung to her as the tears ran across his cheeks silently.

But there were also moments in which they didn't talk at all if they were depressed. Moments in which they closed in their own world for days and then — after being on the edge of madness for not being together — they would look for the other as if they were kids admitting that they did break their house's window with a ball.

The girl went to the Forbidden Forest, where she met Luna Lovegood, who was sitting on a big stone caressing a deer's head.

"Hey, Leev," she greeted her with a sweet tone, making her space for her to sit down as the green-eyed sighed.Luna has known Leevanna forever, so she knew about all the things that happened around her. Besides that, the blue-eyed had this  thing that let her  sense  things.Luna was the only person she would admit to that her relationship was a bit toxic, although she didn't call it that way. She just said they were   different   from the other couples.That they were still   learning."Hi, Luna," the girl sighed as she sat next to her.

The blue-eyed turned her head to look at her and Leevanna rolled her eyes.

"Y'know I despise it when you look at me like that," she said huffing and passing her hands up her face to push her hair backwards feeling the little tears accumulate in her eyes. "As if you already knew all that's going to happen in my life."

"We're the captains of our own destiny, we can change our future with our decisions or manifest things we want to happen... So I cannot know exactly what's going to happen in your life," Luna chuckled softly.

"Only if you could..." Leevanna mumbled.

Luna smiled weakly at her. "How are you feeling?"

"Tired," she huffed. "I'm tired, Luna, I haven't sleep," she growled. "I hate him so fucking much!"Luna chuckled. "And if you   hate   each other   so   much... Why don't you just separate?""No!" Leevanna said quickly. "Don't — Don't say that."

Leevanna covered her face with her hands again. She couldn't imagine a single day not being next to her lover, she couldn't push him away with her empire of ice which seemed to melt every day either.

She was feeling powerless. She needed to take control of things yet again. Needed to be the Ice Queen again.

It felt as if she'd let the sun hurt one of her ice walls with one of its rays, causing a little wound to appear. And that wound had become wider and wider with the time, it wasn't little anymore. It was hurting her so badly that she felt agonising. She was frantic with the hope of being able to build her empire again, no matter what it could take, she needed to do it.

But there was one single, tiny little problem she couldn't take care of.

A pair of blue-grey eyes which sparkled every time they looked at her. Soft lips which kissed her with such fervour. And his smile, his voice, his warm touch. Also his body and the way he kissed her.

All of that resumed in a person, her lover, also known as Draco Lucius Malfoy.

The main problem of her despair.

And she thought that maybe he'd been the principal ray of light who had hurt her ice walls making them melt so quickly.

But she couldn't blame him.

She'd been the one who let his warm rays of sun hit her beautiful ice.  She  was the responsible.

"I'm not going to talk about it with you anymore," Leevanna hurried knowing  how  Luna was looking at her. "We're learning, yeah? It's not — it's not that bad — I-I swear, okay? It's fine — it isn't — toxic...""I'm just saying that the jealousy must stop, Leev, on both sides—""  I know  !" she snapped in an exclaim uncovering her face rudely. Her voice came out a little more defensive she would've wanted. She huffed and closed her eyes.She couldn't explode like that.

"I know..." she said a bit more calmly this time before she let out a sigh from her lips, and staring to caress the deer's head. "But we can't, we're like that," she continued with a half-smile. "We love to fight."

"If you don't fight I think things will be bad," says Luna giving the deer a piece of fruit. Leevanna chuckled and nodded."He says we're a constellation," she sighs. "One with the brightest stars in all cosmos, just us. It's pretty — knowing we're just the two," she smiles looking down. "But then there're meteorites, which want to force things, reputations and  weddings  and feelings that — that I don't know if I'm ready to feel.""Not ready or   don't want   to?""I don't know," she looks up, gaze lost in the trees. "He's like my supernova. With him it feels like the explosion of it — or how I imagine it would be, at least," she says. "I feel the heat, the air, the freedom, how the colours merge and stain... The explosion is the most mesmerising thing..."

"That explosion may kill you, Leevy," Luna says when the green-eyed rests her head on her shoulder.

"I know," she sighs. "But maybe I want to let it kill me."

"Kinda tragic, y'know?"

"It's all a bit tragic, innit?" She chuckled.

Luna smiled. "If you two like to destroy yourselves when you fight, perhaps that's your happiness," she says. "Maybe you found it," and Leevanna separates from her to look at her. "Fighting's something you've always done, that's your happy ending.""I—  that word  —you, y'know that, right?" Luna nodded laughing. "Promise me that if the explosion is too lethal you'll get me out."

"Leevanna! Luna!" Both turned their heads synchronously when they heard Lhu's voice, who put a hand on her chest and before giving a tiny jump. "Goodness' sake, if it wasn't for the hair, I would say you two are bloody twins.""We aren't that similar," said Leevanna turning her head to see Luna. "We aren't right?"Luna shrugged. "Maybe we are twins.""We should use a Glamour and take the other's place, like old times," chuckled the green-eyed making the blue-eyed frown. "What do you say?""But I don't have Wrackspurts," a chuckle scape her lips at the poor look Leevanna was giving her."C'mon, twisted cousins, it's getting dark, come before Umbridge finds you and gives you detention," both girls said goodbye to the animals and walked towards the brunette to enter the castle. "Draco's been looking for you everywhere, in silence, without asking, but looking for you.""Let's go for pudding," Leevanna sighed passing her arms over the shoulders of both girls. She was learning about letting the others touch her and how to touch the others too.

There's a story from a famous painter named Vincent Van Gogh. It goes saying he ate yellow paint thinking that its consume would paint his insides bright and yellow and therefore make him happy.

If having happiness on the palm of your hand was so easy, surely we all have to start consuming yellow painting.

Imagine our life. We would just need a tin of the paint weekly and use it as butter for our bread or honey for our tea and sugar for our coffee. Perhaps also as chocolate for pancakes.

Unfortunately, this isn't possible.

Happiness doesn't work that way.

All too often this story is painted in an inspiring light as if the yellow paint wasn't toxic. Because, oh, it really was. Cadmium yellow isn't a game.

People romanticise this as something inspiring or beautiful as if the yellow paint wasn't slowly killing him next to his desperation to also drink turpentine.

Generally, the yellow paint symbolizes something lovely, poetic and metaphorical, anything that 'makes them feel happy'.

But Van Gogh didn't consume yellow paint for happiness or for beauty, it was for numbness and killing the pain.

How else are we to deal with something so ugly besides painting it into something that is easier to look at, nicer to view, something to inspire us rather than hurt us.

And certainly, if happiness was so easy to get, it shouldn't be so lethal.

That night, Draco looked for Leevanna in the dorm she shared with Lhu since first year.

He'd waited for ten minutes before he entered the room and took her from the arm to take her to their dorm and apologise for his behaviour.

They were in their room at that moment.

She was barely drunk because Lhu and she had been drinking Bungbarrel Spiced Mead as they always did when they were stressed. Though the effects of the nine glasses she'd drunk were already fading away.

And he knows she isn't completely in all her senses for the things she says.

"Never abandon be," she mumbles with her eyes flooded with tears still standing up. "Don't leave as all the people... Don't hate—""Don't you   dare   to complete that," he snapped wrapping her in his arms and supporting his chin on her hair as she takes the edges of his clothes to attract him more. "I'll never — I will   never   do that," he sighs leaving a kiss on her hair and closing his eyes."You promise?" she muttered against his chest and he nods.

"I will promise you all you want, Leevy," he says pressing their foreheads and taking her cheeks. "I will never hate you, even if I tell you I do."

"All people do... You're going to get bored of me..."

"I'm promising it to you, Leevy," he says firmly. "I promise I will never hate you or leave you, you heard me?" And she nods.

He changes positions and sits on the bed to not bow his back to reach her height. Now, with his hands wrapping her waist and his chin against her chest, he's able to look at her better.

"I will promise you all the things in the world, Leevanna," he says. "You don't even have to ask. I will, I promise you that. Always," and she leaves a soft kiss on his lips before pressing their foreheads. "Could you forgive me for the things I said a few days ago? I swear I don't fucking think sometimes."

"I forgive you," she chuckles against his lips. Both still with their eyes closed and skins touching.

And now, half an hour later, they're in silent.

Just how they liked it.

The silent was their favourite sound — apart from their voices and the sounds they made when they brought their bodies together under the sheets when the lights are off and the only emotion which remains is the incessant lust and desire in their beings, echoing on the walls, leaving the marks of their affair written on the white.

He was still surrounding her body with his arms and his cheek against her chest with his eyes closed. The effects of the liquor had already abandoned her body.

"Can I sit down?" she mumbled feeling her legs hurt for being standing all that time they had been there.

"No," he said tightening his grip around her as if he tried to squeeze her as much as he could and put her inside his body to keep her there.

"But—" she complained.

"No," he said again, sighing. "Do that thing with your hands."

"That one you do with my hair when I am having a bad day," he mumbled.

Slowly and a bit insecure, she surrounded his neck with her arms and started to caress his hair. Her lips curved up in a soft, closed-mouth smile as her cheeks acquired a bit of that rosy colour and felt the tickles in her belly again.

Feels this sensation that fills her brain with endorphin and dopamine and oxytocin. And a silent breathy laugh leaves her.

She played with his hair quite often — she liked the texture it had, so soft and silky —, maybe pulling it a bit until he slapped her hand softly, or chuckling as she made new hairstyles with it.

But when he was having a bad day, she usually laid with him on their bed as he hugged her thighs tightly with his head on her lap while she caressed the back of his hair to relax him. Other times she would fill the bathtub with warm water and sit there with him for hours, his forehead on her shoulder as his arms wrapped her body and she caressed his hair.

And he loved when she caressed his hair. Feeling her fingers brushing his skin.

"This one?" she asked feeling his body relaxing.

"...Did you — ...Did you have a bad day?" she asked after a few minutes of silence. He nodded silently. "You want to ... Talk about it?" he denied."Just... Stay with me," he whispered. His voice came out as a beg as if he was imploring her not to leave, never to leave. "  Please  ..."He didn't want her to leave — to leave him.

"I will stay with you..." she whispered too, still caressing his hair.

And she didn't want to leave — to leave him.

The explosion is so stunning that maybe you don't know you're already dying.

On the 10th of October, a few minutes before the Potions class, Snape and a girl with green eyes spoke.

"No, Leevy," the man told her seriously and standing idly.

"C'mon," she said imitating his action.

"I'm not teaching you how to perfection Legilimens, my last word," he said, looking her in the eye and holding his gaze.

Both lasted several minutes in intense eye-contact, the one who blinked first gave their arm to twist. It has always been like that since Leevanna was a child.

The first times she always lost.

But then, according she went growing—

"Fine," Severus reluctantly accepted after he blinked. "But no one can find out," she nodded smiling. A few moments later, the classroom started to fill up.Hours later, Draco and Leevanna fought   again.This time had been Leevanna who started the fight and it had been for the stupidest motive ever.

She closed her eyes tightly when she heard the laughs and voices behind the door. The knot in her throat became stronger, leaving her without air as she tried to contain herself. The coloured spots she was used to seeing, blurred her vision leaving her without it a few seconds and the tickles in her belly felt like pins piercing her skin mercilessly.

It feels like a punishment. A one she deserved and was willing to have.

She took air deeply and contained it in her lungs as she opened the door of her room.

"My Ice Queen!" greeted George cheerfully, extending his arms in the air before taking a sip of his Muggle-beer.

The air stuttered inside her and made her release a painful cry as her knees buckle and she fell on them against the door's frame and her cheeks flooded with salty water.

"I—" babbled George looking at his girlfriend and brother. The two of them were also in shock. They were supposed to be doing karaoke and now they were scared as fuck because Leevanna Vaughan doesn't cry in front of others, they'd only seen her once but she had her motives.

And the green-eyed's gasping through a sudden attack of wracking sobs as her friends keep looking at her. She feels pathetic, for crying in front of others and letting her weakness surface the world.

She feels so fucking pathetic, more than that even. Feels like the epicentre of all ridicule possible. And it all keeps getting worse. So much worse than it already was. Is drowning with her father's words now, how he always says to her that she's just a ridiculous crybaby.

And she asks herself why is she crying. She'd been the main responsible for their fight, he'd said he didn't want to fight but she'd kept going. She'd been the one who made him shed tears first. She didn't have the minimum right to cry. Didn't deserve it.

"Is — Is she having a seizure?" mumbles Fred still looking at her shocked.

The first time the twins had seen her cry, it'd just been for less than one minute. And they'd barely seen her because Lhu was her human shield. They'd been able just to hear her sobs and drowned screams. But now — now she'd been crying in front of them for good four minutes and they couldn't get out of their shock. Their bodies were tense and it felt as if they had a fever or something similar, like a burning that didn't leave them breathe.

They were hypnotised by how pretty but weak she looked at that moment. Her rosy face and tears decorating her skin were — were something similar to see the sun reflecting on the ice making it shine or make a blurry rainbow.

"I — I think so," George says in a mutter, feeling how nerve by nerve his body was reacting at the situation. "Lhu, is she—?"

"It's not a seizure, it's a panic attack," she says feeling her body finally reacting. "She hasn't had them in a long time."

Fred shook his head finally waking up from his short trance and approached the girl to lift her from the floor."Fred,   no," Lhu snaps. "Don't touch her.""Why not?" He turns his head to see her, halfway to the girl. "She's practically going to convulse over the carpet."

"Let — let me do it," she sighs and approaches quickly, placing an arm in front of the boy to make him step back.

Lhu crouches down, moving her hands until they're near the girl's body. She knows she needs to ask to touch her first or she was going to react badly. Maybe her best friend wasn't entirely conscious, but somewhere in her brain would catch the message.She was whispering and babbling. "Mint... Three hundred eighteen, three hundred twenty-one, three hundred twenty-seven... Lemon balm..." two clear and glassy emeralds lost in nowhere. "Thunderstorms... Three hundred thirty-six, forty-five, fifty-four... Deep...""Leev," she calls making the girl look up as she pants desperately and keeps whispering."June... Three hundred sixty-three... Blue... Three hundred seventy-two, eighty-one... Grey...”"I'm going to touch you, okay? Breathe..." And she prays for her to listen and give her the yes. A sigh of relief leaves her lips when Leevanna nodded awkwardly. "Why don't you keep counting for me while doing what I?" Lhu says and the girl nods again before the brunette inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly as her hands brush against the fabric of her clothes before she grabs her completely to start standing up."Three hundred ninety, three hundred ninety-n-nine... F-four h-hundred eight... Eight...""Is nine today?" Lhu smiled weakly and Leevanna nodded jerkily with her eyes closed while keeping the count.Both started walking towards Leevanna's bed slowly, cautiously. The black-and-white haired trying to imitate her best friend's deep breathes with every step.

Twenty minutes later, Leevanna was just laying in her bed with dry tears decorating her pale cheeks. She didn't remember most of what had happened when she arrived at the door, and none of her friends said anything — because Lhu'd warned them she wouldn't say anything if she found out she'd been crying in front of others —, they just asked why she'd little tears on her face and listened carefully her side of the story.

"You need to tell him that you didn't mean it," said Fred playing with the girl's cat. "Because you didn't, right?" he looked at her.

She denied with her head.No, she will  never  mean the horrible things she says when she's angry."But I fucking told him that I'd go with Lee and—" she denied with her head jerkily. "Don't even make me say it again," Leevanna sighed closing her eyes. "How the fuck do I emend what I did?"

"Why Lee, though?" asked George somehow confused.

"He's with this stupid idea that Lee fancies me and I — I just needed something to hurt him, but I'm bloody stupid and I went too fucking far. I crossed from fucking China to bloody Argentina."

Leevanna always goes too far.

The twins glanced at Lhu and she glanced at them after hearing their friend's name. He wasn't there for the karaoke night because he'd something to do — with Daphne.

"He apologised the last time, it's your turn girl," said Lhu licking a lollipop. "Just go to his dorm and voilà."

"What's more... Why did you even get jealous of Pansy?" Asked Fred. "You know she doesn't want him the way you do. And she's dating Blaise.""Because she's stupid," laughed Lhu. "She even got jealous of   me   because I was 'to close'.""You, crazy girl," laughed George.

The next day's early morning, Leevanna took all the courage she had and went up the stairs that lead to Draco's private room following Lhu's and the twins' suggestions to emend her horrible mistake.

She found the door half-open and the strong smell of alcohol invaded her nostrils.

Although it wasn't Fire Whiskey, the one he liked and she hated because it burned her throat thanks to how sour it tasted.

It smelled like... Bungbarrel Spiced Mead, the one she liked and he hated because it was too sweet for him.

She entered without knocking finding the room in complete darkness: Draco was sitting on the edge of his bed with his white shirt open and his wrist pressing his eyes — there were thousands of things on the floor, the bed was undone.She stayed at the entrance for a few seconds examining him, but she didn't last much and went quickly towards him, knelt on the floor and took his face between her hands seeing the tears in his eyes. She didn't enter in a barely lasting trance anymore when she saw him crying — it had been just a few, countable times but she'd done it. Anyway, the weakness he showed was still breathtaking for her. It was still impacting seeing his tears.  'Pearl tears' , how she liked to call the salty water which fell from his eyes because of the slightly big size they had.Oh, she felt so guilty.

He was like that for all the things she'd said... She'd hurt him so much and regretted it."Forgive me..." she whispered. "Oh, God...   Please... Please, forgive me...""Say you're still mine..." he whispered back looking her in the eye. "Say that he—""I'm yours, only yours," she said interrupting him and kissing the palms of his hands before he could complete the sentence. She had said  very  painful things to him, things that she hoped not to say again. "D'you understand?   I'm only yours."He nodded feeling out of himself.

"Don't leave me Leevy..." he whispered again seeing how her eyes started to fill up with tears at the same time his did. "Not you..."

"I'm not going to leave you, you hear me? I'm not leaving you," she said attracting his body to hers in a hug feeling how he held her tightly and hid his face in the hole of her neck smelling her.

Her aroma intoxicating him.

"I was scared Leevy, that I could lose you..."

And she knows he isn't completely sober because he would never admit to her things like those. None of them could say that kind of things being sober. But she's sober right now and she wants to say things like those."You're   NOT," she said with tears on her face angrily looking at him. "I'm here now and I'm   NOT   going to leave you. You're never gonna lose me and I'm never gonna lose you," she got up from the floor and took him by the hand to take him to the bed.She regretted so much all the things she had said to him.

She took care of changing his clothes and then put on the shirt he wore before. She leaned on his side behind him and supported an elbow on the pillow to start caressing his hair while humming a soft melody.

He turned his body and hugged her tightly, not wanting her leaving his side.

No, that hadn't been the first time he told her that and that wasn't the first she promised not to leave him either or vice-versa. And wasn't going to be the last time they fought.Because, it's all a little bit   tragic, isn't it?And, at the end of the day, we all have our yellow paint.

Dead peonies.They smell utterly outrageous.Peony pink that shades with a yellowish green.Number fives dancing thrillingly.The demon with yellowish-green, hungry irises inside us stiffens up as if bubbles of boiling water it is. Scraps one of his claws along the bottom of your gut. Is a fire within us, it burns away all possible logic or reasoning.All that remains is hatred, irrational anger, hostility and resentment. A wrench in your stomach.Jealously.Is a bitter flavour and its texture is sandy and dry.Draco doesn't just feel jealously from other people — people he wants to kill with bare hands— if not, also from a pretty witch with particular black and white hair and green eyes.Because he is possessive.He does not share anything with bloody anyone.It's difficult now, because she also bloody belongs to him.How he could be jealous of someone that was his? Was that even possible?He'd thought maybe those thinkings would go away according the time to finally stop being in an incessant competition with the witch he has hated for years.That hasn't happened.He's very much aware of that.Hadn't reminded it — or preferred to ignore it for a bit longer.But he definitely sees it now.His eyes are narrowed.The Malfoys' owl had entered the Great Hall with two letters between its peak. One a bit more full than the other.She'd gotten the fatter one.And also had the results of the little exams they had taken a few days ago just as practice.She'd gotten one more point than him.Oh, he really hates her right now.He has already read his letter, no much of his interest, just his mother asking how things were and letting him know of a few things going around."Cissy says Maglor has went to your manor to see Mipsy," she chuckled still reading. "And asks if you already finished the book she sent.""Could've asked that in my letter," he responded curtly and leaving the letter carelessly on the table before taking his goblet to his mouth.She rolled her eyes playfully, it irritates him. "Don't be grumpy," she smiled.He looked at her before drinking the pumpkin juice in the goblet in one. Gods, she infuriates him so fucking much these days.He's pissed off. That's clear as crystal.She doesn't seem to notice."How's that you always get the highest bloody scores?" whined Theo comparing his exam with his. He had four points less."Because I do study," he answered somehow nicer. But then his jaw clenched yet again when he turned to see her. "Though...""S'impossible to beat her," chuckled Daphne comparing hers with Blaise's, who was picking more roasted chicken. Same scores. "Don't tell me you're jealous."Draco raised an eyebrow. "Why I would be?" she shrugged. "It's just... One point."One point.

Yet it means so much.She's brighter. Receives more things. More words. Knows more. She's every—fucking—where. He's sure his father will look at her with a proud smile but with a scowl at him before demanding more.One—fucking—point.

He can't pick up the pieces. Can't touch them.So the tears keep falling. The sobs dying against his knees. Screams that tear apart his throat. Fever that sets on fire his insides.He's so fucking exhausted.So fucking overwhelmed.Witches deserve nice things.His witch doesn't have a nice thing.And she fucking deserves them.He isn't a good thing. Is everything but fucking good. Scum she should step on over and over again.Instead of nice things, his witch has to deal with the burden he is. Has to cry every time. Has to find ways to not collapse. Another path. The end of the riddle.But he's so selfish.Has closed every single way out. Erased all the paths. Made her collapse.The hours pass. He doesn't realise it. Just keeps crying.At some point he stopped and his eyes remained fixed on everything and nothing. He isn't exactly looking at something. He's just looking. Staring. Lost in his blank thoughts. Feeling his heart hurt. The memories overwhelming.The stars are his favourite thing since he was a child. His father and him would usually look at them four hours until he turned seven. His mother would usually play nice music and bake tartlets for them. They would talk and talk, read about constellations, planets, nebulas and more.Everything was fine.The stars were his happy place.And now he has found a star. His own star.How he could hate her if the stars were his happy place?Gods he wants to.His cheeks keep being damp and some tears keep running down. Chin supported on his arms. Knees against his chest.When we break the crystal, we usually hide it. We say everything's fine and nothing has happened. Just the wind probably. We hide the pieces. Try to pick them up until our mother comes and finds the truth.We broke the crystal.And when we can't pick the pieces up anymore, there is always someone who will do it for us."It's okay, Draco," she whispers passing an arm over his shoulders to guide him to her.And his name sounds so fucking good when her lips say it...He lets her and closes his eyes when his head find her thighs. Her knees are lightly flexed. Still has her school uniform."I'm exhausted, Leevy..." he whispers. It's barely audible. His throat is sore. Her hand intertwines with his as her legs stretch and one foot crosses over the other.His eyes fix on the sky one more time. The stars shine so brightly. They're beautiful."I know," she sighs. "Is okay, I promise," he can't clearly see it, but knows she has a close-mouth smile across her face. Their hands are over her thighs. "Is okay to feel exhausted."He nods faintly and tightens his hold on her hand in an attempt to clung more to her and her body. In an attempt to implore for her forgiveness for the way he used and hurt her hours ago.How he could hate her if she smiled at him that way? How he could look her in the eyes and not cry because he broke his promise just a second?"Close your eyes, love," she whispers in his ear and he obeys her feeling her hand let go off his before it runs through his hair. Softly. Delicate. Sweetly.He feels more tears running down his cheeks. His body relaxing. Nostrils catching her aroma. Skin feeling hers."I'm here, I won't go anywhere."        Please just let me hate you.There's always somebody who will bleed for us while picking up the pieces. ༄ "You applied first for the Defence Against the Dark Arts post, is that correct?" Umbridge asked walking behind Snape."Yes.""But you were unsuccessful?" She said with fake pity and pout."Obviously."And after the woman left, Snape hit Ron Weasley in his head for laughing making Leevanna laugh and the professor to narrow her eyes at her.On Tuesday, the 15th of October, Leevanna slipped behind a corridor wall and while Snape and Umbridge spoke, she pulled out her wand pointing to the woman's horrible hair, making it as green as vomit.The Potions' professor opened his eyes but concealed his horrification quite well until the woman left. Leevanna stood next to him and both made a five-high in front of McGonagall, which looked at them scared and surprised, but with some fun.Minerva loved the pranks she did and how Severus always tried to avoid laughing.Leevanna began to dance behind the woman dressed up in pink as she altered the colours of her hair until she left it in green again, the students around her tried not to snicker. The professor had absolutely no suspicion and kept smiling."Fred Weasley, get ready for the best challenge of your life," the girl told him arriving with as much swag as possible to his side.And while Umbridge filled Hogwarts with rules and decrees, the twins and Leevanna made every possible mischief and if she discovered them, they used the Obliviation spell.Everything seems fine for a while. A break. Somehow. They finally get a break. A breath to catch and yells to forget.Unfortunately, breaks aren't forever and after the bell rings, we have to go back to reality.On the 17th of October, Draco was making Leevanna laugh."Stop!" she laughed squirming against the pillows as he climbed the bed again and slid the grey feather up her thighs and belly."You own me," he chuckled against her lips stopping his action and hearing her breathy gasps for air. "You left me yesterday.""Oh, poor Draco, I abandoned him," she chuckled seeing his pout before the feather started tickling her again. "You little bitch! Stop it!" And her laugh was so genuine that he started leaving little kisses on her lips.He adores her lips.And hair. Skin. Eyes.Adores her in general.His hands left the feather aside and lifted the shirt she was wearing — his shirt — to start leaving wet kisses down her abdomen and belly. His left hand entered the fabric completely and reached one of her breasts, pressing it and hearing her lips release little, breathy groans.When his hands found the edges of her lace underwear to start sliding it down, someone knocked at the door."Don't you dare to go see who is," he said against her neck after he climbed up the bed for her not to leave, he hadn't taken off her underwear yet.And that someone knocked again."Draco... We 'ave to—""Sh, you talk too much," he shushed her with a kiss on the lips making her chuckle as she fought for him to release her.Another knock."Merlin's fucking deformed tit, whoever it is, get fucking fucked," said the blond making the green-eyed laugh as she got up."You're such a big baby, I swear," she chuckled opening the door.It was Fred Weasley."Freddie? What—" she frowned softly, confused and taking the sweatpants on her side."Is happening again," he huffed, pressing his nose's bridge with his thumb and middle finger before sliding them until it reached his cheeks. His eyes were slightly red."What's happening again?""The feeling.""The one which—" he nodded and his eyes watered as he tried to look away. "Oh... Fuck — okay, wait for me here, I'm going to — Draco, see you in a while!""What?" he frowned. "No, you come back here," the blond sat up on the bed seeing her put on the sweatpants she'd grabbed before."I promise it won't take long," she chuckled leaving a kiss on his lips before leaving the room.Draco clenched his jaw, closing his eyes and starting losing his patience."Fuck," he growled whispering as the back of his head hits the edge of the headboard sending pain throughout it.He doesn't care. Instead, he does it again until white flashy spots blurry his vision. Maybe that way Leevanna would finally pay attention to him and not only to her dear friends.It's not like he doesn't like to see her laughing with them — because he knows she's had trouble with friendships all her life — but — what happens if she discovers her friends are better than him? What happens if she leaves?And when Leevanna entered the room both shared sighing, she smiled seeing him reading a book she'd bought for him in summer.He was with his back against the headboard, one leg semi-flexed and the other stretched. Still wearing his school pants and the white shirt lazily put on — out of his trousers and button-slaves unbuttoned. Just how she likes.She threw herself face-down on the bed before supporting her chin on her hand to look at him."Aren't you going to say hi?" She raised an eyebrow and he glanced at her before fixing his gaze on his book again."Hello," he muttered.She frowned. "What's up with you?""Nothing," his gaze still on his book.   "Malfoy.""What?"She took off the book from his hands and threw it to the floor."Thanks for making me lose the page," he huffed closing his eyes."Are you going to tell me what the fuck's up to you?" She frowned even more."Nothing," he stood up from the bed to grab the book again and when he crouched down to take it, he stopped hearing her threat."You grab that fucking book again and I swear I'm leaving."And he really tried to bite his tongue."Like fucking always," he said between teeth standing up again still without looking at her. She sat on the bed."The fuck are you talking about?"Ha had said it, there was no going back and he knows it. It was better to continue and end with it at once."I'm talking about you not being here," his hands placed on his hips."What are you—" she huffed. "It's because I left two hours ago? Because I went with Fred?""Yes, I'm fucking talking about that," his voice came out with anger. "Because if you aren't with the twins having your little fucking chats or whatever you do with them, you're with Lhu, if it isn't Lhu, is the group, and if isn't the fucking group, is the fucking pansy of Jordan and you know what I think of him."She laughed bitterly before standing up. "Oh, so you don't want me to have friends anymore? That's what you're saying? You want me to be here waiting for you like your fucking dog? You want me to bark too?""Don't be fucking ludicrous," he rolled his eyes. "I'm not saying that.""So what are you fucking saying then?" She frowned angrily, approaching him. "Fucking explain it to me," she looked at him up and down."Leevanna, I—" he huffed before passing a hand up to his face to then ran his fingers through his hair closing his eyes. "I don't want to fight with you today, yeah? I'm not in the mood.""And you think I'm in the fucking mood?" she laughed bitterly again as she pointed herself with her index finger. "But I have to deal with your fucking jealously.""Look who talks about jealously," a sarcastic smile formed on his lips. "Miss 'I got jealous of my best friend'.""You're the one fucking dragging through the halls when other people fucking approach me!""Because I know their intentions, for fucking Fuck's sake!""Oh, so you now don't trust me?! That's what you mean! You don't trust me!""Oh, let's not fucking talk about trust, yeah?! Because you're no fucking saint on the subject either!""I have fucking motives! You get fucking jealous of someone who has a fucking girlfriend! You don't fucking trust me!"He's exhausted of this. And he isn't jealous, he's just afraid."Leevanna, that's — of course I do trust you... I'm tired, please, can we—""No," she said firmly. "I'm not going to shut the hell up until you explain to me what the fuck do you mean.""I don't trust other people! That's what I fucking mean!""What part of 'I'm not going anywhere' isn't understandable?! Fucking whoever could stand in front of me and I would choose you and your fucking jealously!""But yet you go anywhere but this fucking room! Always fucking going out! Always leaving this room all the whole fucking time! I'm tired of you!""I AM TIRED OF YOU, TOO! I DON'T FUCKING UNDERSTAND YOU!""OH, WHAT A COINCIDENCE! BECAUSE I DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU EITHER!"Their eyes aching with the weight of unshed tears. The red spider webs opaquing the white and taunting the coasts of their green and blue-grey oceans."I don't fucking know what we're doing together then!""And you think I do?! You're the one who's fucking needy here!""ME?! You just did a fucking scandal because I went with a friend!""As if you don't do the same when I'm with Theo or Blaise!""Theo's a bloody player! HOW THE FUCK you don't want me to think you're shagging someone else when you're with them?!""All the friends you have are men if you haven't noticed! And I WOULDN'T fucking shag someone else because I'd think of YOU!""What the fuck's wrong with most of my friends being men?! YOU FUCKING MISOGYNISTIC!""So you want me to talk about fourth year?! The fucking Slytherin whore at Hogwarts! WHAT A TITLE! YOU FUCKING CUNT!""Perhaps I'm a whore but at least I'm not crying because my daddy isn't proud of me! AND IF I'M A CUNT THEN YOU'RE A FUCKING TWAT!"Tears sliding down their cheeks. Burning their skins and provoking a hollow ache in their beings."You know what?! You want to leave?! FUCKING FANTASTIC! MY LIFE WAS PRETTY AMAZING WITHOUT YOU!""FINE! WE DON'T WORK TOGETHER ANYWAYS! You're just a piece of shite who wants to control everything that fucking moves!""GOOD YOU NOTICED WE DON'T WORK! And, ow, I hurt you?! You're the one having an empire of ice around her making everyone scared!""LOOK WHO FUCKING TALKS ABOUT IT! The one hiding in his room every time something bad happens to him!""Talks the one who fucking tried to cut herself months ago!""I HATE YOU!""I HATE YOU, TOO!"She's crying. He's crying. Not sobbing. Crying."FUCK THIS! I'm getting out of the fucking room then!""FINE! FUCK US AND THIS SHITE THEN! Don't fucking look back!"And she wipes her angrily tears roughly. Throws a picture of them at the ground trying to end with the memories that hunt her as she grabs her shoes and wand before her hand makes contact with the doorknob.He closes his eyes when he hears the doorknob being turned, clenching his jaw and running his fingers through his hair before slamming the wall with his hand's palm.She cannot breathe.He can't either.The air is leaving them.Their lungs burn and the agony is unbearable. It hurts so much that starts killing them.A monster whacking them with is viscous whip-like tentacles, making sores on their skins, leaving them exposed. Tearing them apart with its sharp teeth that nips down their spines. Their heartbeats are agonising. The tears burn. Their bodies hurt.Everything is happening slowly.And when she's about to open the door, feels the monster injecting its venom that sets on fire all her insides.She can't breathe.Her eyes close shut and she begs for her eyes not to betray her.He has his forehead against the wall and is containing his sobs making them die against the deepest part of his throat. Hands supported on the wall too.The air fails him making a low and ragged gasp escapes his lips.He hears the door being open completely.And his hand grabs her wrist.She looks back at him before surrounding his neck with her arms.His body bends over because of her height and his hands wrap her tiny waist tightly. She's holding him tight too, standing on tiptoes.His left-hand belts beneath her and lifts her as if she was a feather, her legs encircle his waist instinctively. His other hand is holding her back as hers make their way to his cheeks and her lips to his own."I don't hate you," he breathes still making his eyes rain."I don't either," she whispers pressing their foreheads. "I won't go anywhere again."He nods before slating his lips over hers again, making them forget everything that happened moments ago.Because sometimes is better to forget. To let everything fade away with the wind. It numbs us. Happily. We become numb. Don't want to feel. Don't want to see. We use our façade.We circumvent the problem. Attempt to shove the lid and ignore it.However, there are always people who open our wounds one more time. Who tries to untie the blindfold. To make us see the problem we didn't want to. To make us see in general.But sometimes they do it wrong. They harm us trying to make us comprehend. Why? Because they let their feelings colonise them.And we get scared. Because we feel attacked. We know what's happening and that they're mistaken. We don't want to listen because they're so erroneous.When her book falls because she was holding it wrong, someone's already crouching down to lift it."Hey, Lee," she sighs grabbing the book again. "What are you doing here?"The twins and Lhu were at Hogsmeade shopping, so it was weird for him to be wandering alone in the dungeons' hallway willingly. He wasn't very fond of them."I was looking for you," he said. "I want to talk to you about something.""Could it be tomorrow if it isn't urgent?" she asked pressing the book against her chest. "I'm looking for Draco.""That's what I wanted to talk to you about," he said scratching the back of his head. "Are you okay, Leev?"She frowns smiling. "Why I wouldn't be?""I think everyone has heard you two fight pretty loudly and the Daily Prophet's articles say some things...""Skeeter doesn't know what to write anymore," she rolled her eyes. "Everything's fine, Lee, we have talked about it, nothing's happening.""Leev— I—" he huffed again. "I've noticed some behaviours in you, that's why I was asking if everything was fine.""Well, everything is," she said again. "All couples fight, Lee, even George and Lhu do it.""I'm just saying you two fight too much," he says. "Haven't you think about... A break maybe?"   "What?"She's outraged. How dare he to say something like that?"He sometimes hurts you, Leev," he sighs. "Even if you say it was accidentally and you did the same," his finger pointed her arm. "Those are his fingers.""Yes, I know," her frown's deeper. "But it wasn't for that. This was because—""Why do you justify him hurting you?" he frowns. "Leev... If he's doing something to y—""Are you insinuating he hits me?" and she can't believe it. "D'you— do you think I'm that stupid? D'you think I would let him—" her head shakes and her smile is bitter. "Unbelievable," she huffs."I'm not saying you are stupid—""That you two aren't mates like him and Fred, doesn't mean you have the right to accuse him of such thing.""I'm not accusing him, I'm just asking—""Oh, so you ask Lhu about the same too?" her eyebrows jolt up. "Or it's just me? Because he's a Slytherin?""No, Leev, it isn't—" he huffs. "It isn't normal that you appear with bruises every day," his arms crossed.She breathes out a laugh. He really thinks she's that stupid. "How about you not talking about my relationship, Lee?" she frowns."It isn't healthy that thing you two have," he says. "Your yells are heard from the hallway.""So?""Leev, he doesn't even let you approach other wizards — I—" his head shakes in disapproval. "And every time someone tries to touch you, you jump or get scared."She shakes her head. Tries to understand him but can't. That wasn't the motive and he is accusing Draco of something she does too.She has reacted that way for years. Not just since Draco and she had started being a something. That he'd just noticed didn't mean he could blame it on Draco."You have friends who can help you and if he does something, nobody's going—""Goodbye," she breaths out another bitter laugh turning to leave before he grabs her arm. She twisted to get off."Leev, just listen to me, please," she frowns again. Is angry. "A break isn't the end. You need help. That's all. He can't treat you like that just because you're his witch. Help is there for you—""Are you calling me mental?" she laughs sarcastically again."No, Leev," he huffs before grabbing her shoulders to shake her lightly. "React, Leev, he doesn't treat you well. He hurts you! You can't let him do that!""Let go of me," she squirms. "He isn't doing anything! Lee!" she cries."His behaviour isn't right, Leev, he's manipulating you — if something's happening you can tell me," and his hands grab her wrists so tightly that it hurts. "If he's hurting you in some way or threatening with something — Leev, you can trust me—"She shrieks and cries again. It really hurts."—yells at you as if you were his puppy," and he hasn't realised she has started to shed tears. "I've seen the way he grabs you and treats you! Leev, you can't let him consume you like that—""Let me go!" she cries. "You're hurting me! He isn't doing anything!""I— Leev, listen to me, I can help you, yeah? If he—"   "Draco!"And she'so scared. To many hands on her. He was raising his voice.The blond appears in a second.He's always there to save her."Leev, this isn't okay," Lee says trying to hold her still while she squirms and shrieks lowly."What's wrong with you? Stop touching her," Draco's hand pushes Lee away and Leevanna hides behind him. "You're scaring her, Jordan.""I'm not the one leaving bruises over her," his eyes narrowed as his hand attempts to grab her.Draco winces and blinks. "What?" he frowns. "What did you say?""Get me out," Leevanna murmurs holding Draco's arm tightly. He nods still frowning before circling her waist delicately heading towards the common room entrance."Someone's hurting you, love?" he whispers against her hair once both are on the couch."No," she answers sincerely. "He was scaring me," she whispers leaning her head on his lap."Did he do something to you?"She shook her head, relaxing at the sensation of his fingers caressing her hair. "He said you were hurting me."His movement stopped."What?""Barking mad is he," she huffed. "Could you read to me?""Anything you want," he sighed caressing her hair again.And she wonders if she looks like her mum.If she became her at some point. If the promise she made to herself years ago has been broken and now there's no way to get out.But it isn't possible. Draco cares about her, he isn't like her father. He doesn't abuse her in any kind of way.Lee's definitely barking mad.The rest of the week, after classes, Snape taught his goddaughter Legilimens and Occlumency. He constantly asked her what she wanted to use those spells for, but she always refused to answer.The truth was that she wanted to perfection that skill because she knew she could understand Draco's feelings in a better way. They could simply be silent and she would know how he felt — just like how he did with her.Things were pretty fine between the two. Their fights last much less and are becoming more stupid — just like before. They're also being cautious about where they do it and in front of who. To avoid inconveniences.Lately, Fred, George and Lee didn't spend much time with her and Lhu, they usually disappeared for hours and appeared out of nowhere and Leevanna had a horrible feeling about that. She knew she wasn't the best friend of all — but — had they got bored of her already? Had she done something wrong or bad? Were they mad about what had happened?She'd already forgotten about it. She didn't take it importance.But is a bit concerned and has tried to ask multiple times now but always holds it back.She will give them come to her and tell her by themselves — even if she hates secrets. It shouldn't be something so serious. Perhaps she's just seeing things where they aren't and making a mountain of a molehill.They were her friends, they could trust her with whatever.But the unquiet kind of break she was having had reached its end.Without caring where or who, they were fighting in a hallway."This isn't the moment.""I'm just saying it's not fair that you can get mad when I go out but if you do it, I can't say anything.""You went out for two hours without even telling me for what," he says. "I did it for five minutes."Her brown raised. "So I need to tell you with who and for what but you don't?" he rolled her eyes."I didn't even cross the bloody door, Vaughan," his jaw starts clenching. "And isn't it obvious with who?""No it isn't," she squirmed at his attempt to grab her arm to walk and crossed her arms."I'm not doing this with you again," he huffed grabbing her elbow to start walking but she resisted. "I'm tired of it.""It isn't fair you can go out with a bunch of whores but I can't see a friend," her eyes narrowed and cheeks rosy from rage. She's pretty sure she looks like a tomato."Leevanna!" he whispers before looking at his sides if somebody heard."What?"Her eyebrows raised innocently. As if she hadn't implicated he's deceiving her every time he goes out with his friends."I'm not shagging someone else but you," he muttered close to her face, "so calm the fuck down.""I don't want to," her eyes narrow at him. She tries to walk away, but his hand grabs her wrist tightly making her face him once more. Her attempt to get off is in vain due to his strength and she's about to start faking her tears to make him feel guilty when a voice interrupts.   "Mr Malfoy."Minerva McGonagall's voice made both turn their heads at her and him to release her."Could you please follow me to the headmaster's office?"Both look at each other one more time before he nods to start walking in her direction."Something wrong?" he frowns."I hope not," she says drifting her eyes from him to Leevanna. "You too, Miss Vaughan," and the green-eyed hurry to reach them and walk by his side. "Cockroach cluster."Once the professor has said the password, the three wait two seconds to start climbing the stairs while Leevanna thinks that's the most absurd password in the world. When they're already inside, both teenagers take seats on the chairs in front of Dumbledore's desk."So?" asks Draco crossing his arms. Leevanna looks at her side finding Severus and Madam Pomfrey."It has come to my attention you two are fighting more frequently," starts the headmaster.Draco's eyebrows jolted up. "Haven't we always?""Ah, yes, yes," says Dumbledore standing up to start pacing. "But there's a serious accusation going around, respecting your behaviour. Specially, Mr Malfoy's.""Ah, I understand now," Leevanna twirled her tongue against her inner cheek breathing out a sarcastic laugh. "What has Lee told you?"Minerva turned to look at her. "How do you know Mr Jordan has to do with this?" Leevanna sneered once more before turning to look at Severus, who nodded as if he read her mind."Because he intercepted me the dungeons' hallways claiming Malfoy's hitting me," she answered calmly. "Left this as a present," her sleeves went down a bit showing the faint red marks."And his accusations are true?" asked Dumbledore remaining neutral."Of course not," Draco frowned shaking his head. "I would never hurt her, I was educated better than that, thank you.""Don't doubt that, Mr Malfoy," said Minerva. "But the behaviour I saw moments ago says many things," Draco winced and blinked. "So, please, Leevanna, could you remove your robes and sleeves?""I—" she chuckled closing her eyes before look at her godfather. He holds her gaze as a way to tell her everything would be fine. She sighed and did what was indicated.First, it was nothing.Then Minerva flicked her wand to remove the Glamour spell she'd used.Hand marks on her neck. Still fresh. Finger marks on her arms and some other little purple marks."This has an explanation," she hurries before anyone could talk. She turned to look at Severus. "And if you're to blame him, then blame me, too — he has my nails on his back and arms.""Is that true, young Malfoy?""Want to see, headmaster?" he sneered."Draco," warned Severus making the boy roll his eyes and raise his hands in surrender."Severus," she called making him turn. "Tell them," she said. "I'm not that stupid.""It's true," he sighed. "Leevanna has a past with this, she wouldn't let Draco touch her like that.""This says otherwise, Severus," says Minerva before looking at Dumbledore, who nodded and she flicked her wand again making appear a kind of shield across the room.On one side was Draco, Severus and Dumbledore, on the other one was Leevanna, Pomfrey and McGonagall.And Leevanna is screaming."Don't touch me!" she shrieks when Pomfrey makes her attempt to grab her. "If you step any closer, I'll fucking stab you!""Leev, lower the quill," says Pomfrey softly. Leevanna tightens the large silver quill still pointing it to both witches."We need you to remove your blouse, Leev—""No!" she yells. "Don't approach me or I'll—"And she jumps scared when Minerva flicks her wand removing the quill from her hands. Tries to run, but the professor has sat her down while holding her arms."Let go off me!" she screams again. Tears running down her cheeks. She's squirming, fighting.And the professor hasn't thought about another way but use Incarcerous to bound her wrist to the table.She screams again. Is so terrified."Leevy, please," said Pomfrey not having another way but using her wand to remove the blouse. "We just want to see—""Don't touch me!" she yells crying and squirming. "He isn't hurting me! Severus!""Merlin, Leev, what is this?" Pomfrey asks examining the bruises on her arm."My friends were teaching me Quidditch!" she yelled. "I fell off my broomstick and he held me before I hurt myself! He fucking saved me!""Holding your neck?" asked Minerva seeing the large hand marks."My arm!" she growled. "Those are from other things!"Pomfrey's eyes are on the diagnostic. She'd no broken bones or other bruises apart from the visible ones. "Leev, we just want to comprehend—""Haven't you ever have sex?! Merlin's sake with you!" she cried still fighting for Minerva to release her. "LET ME GO!" she gasps. "DRACO!""The sexual intercourse shouldn't be this way," said McGonagall holding Leevanan's cheeks softly. "Leevy, please cooperate—""And why d'you fucking care how I bloody fuck?!" she yelled. "My fucking body! My fucking life!""Please—"   "NO!"On the other side, Draco is losing his patience and has started to slam the shield to reach his witch. Severus is trying to take it down with magic."She doesn't like being touched!" Draco yelled towards the Headmaster. "They're scaring her!""They just want to help—""BULLSHIT!" he growled. "That's not the fucking way!""Language, Mr—""I don't FUCKING care!" he yelled again. "Use fucking Legilimency on me if you fucking want! She's fucking telling the fucking truth!""Headmaster," tries Severus seeing Draco slam the shield once more, "she's screaming."Dumbledore remained silent for a second."Do fucking something!" yelled Draco to Severus. Tears running down his cheeks. "I'm supposed to protect her!""I know," said Severus grabbing his shoulders seeing him wipe his tears. "Calm down, Draco."Draco nodded and closed his eyes hearing her scream again. Calling his name."Just use fucking Legilimency, for Salazar's sake!" he yelled again throwing the chair by his side with his arm.She keeps screaming. Calling him.And he can't do fucking anything to be there.The seconds pass. She's counting numbers. Resting and dividing them. Trying not to think there are hands over her.        Minus seven. One hundred sixty-two. Divided by two. Eighty-one.       Minus seven. Two hundred forty-three. Dived by eighty-two. Three.Her screaming has stopped, she's just crying now. While Madam Pomfrey heals her bruises to make them disappear. To make her 'clean' again.She isn't dirty. She just had some bruises. Marks she somehow likes.Her fingers would pass over them while she remembers the night before. Smiling. Closing her eyes. Seeing the pretty necklace around her neck over her pale skin.Now she has no memories. They didn't even ask if she wanted them to erase the marks.They never ask.Because she isn't worth to ask, isn't she? Nobody never asks. She doesn't count. Doesn't have an opinion. "You don't deserve anything good." They could just have asked.When the shield disappears, Minerva frees Leevanna's wrists and she runs towards Severus without caring she still doesn't have her blouse on.He hugs her tightly and conjures a cloak to cover her up. Once he wipes her tears, she runs towards Draco and he leaves kisses on her forehand closing his eyes tightly.His arms are around all her while hers are around his neck. She keeps crying. "Is okay, is okay," he whispers. "Nobody will hurt you.""Those bruises—""We used Legilimency, she's telling the truth, both are," Severus cut her off coldly. "And that wasn't the bloody way.""She wasn't cooperating—""You fucking tied her, Minerva!" and he really tried not to raise his voice — or use that vocabulary. "And better go talk with your student and tell him to start stop spreading lies before I do.""Severus," the professor blinked, "are you — are you threatening me—""I'm warning you, Minerva," he said curtly. "You two," he turned to look at both teenagers, "get out and classes dismissed. And take care of her."Draco nodded and used his robes to cover Leevanna even more under the attentive gaze of Dumbledore. Inside the office, the three adults continue talking, the headmaster just started at the two teenagers walking away before finally directing his attention to the professors.Outside, she keeps sobbing."It's okay, I'm here," he whispered against her hair as his arm embraces her even more possessively and protectively.They continue walking for other two seconds when voices approaching them made him raise his head."Salazar, are you two alright?" asked Daphne desperately. Her eyes caught Leevanna, who clung even more to Draco and hid her face. "Jordan said—""We're fine," he answered curtly. And then his eyes caught Jordan walking next to the twins and Lhu.The brunette approached to them running. "God's sake, Leev are you alright?"And when her fingers are about to touch his Leevanna, he puts his arm on the middle before embracing her again. "Don't fucking touch her."Lhu blinked and gave two steps back.Jordan made eye-contact with him.Not good idea.Draco wants to kill him. Azkaban would be a bloody paradise if he just gets to stab a bloody dagger in the fucking pansy's heart.In his mind starts reproducing the ways of how he could kill the twat.Daggers.Accidental poisoning.Beating the fucker's face until the bloody imbecile was dead.Choke the wuss for hours until his face turned blue and purple.Slice the tosser with his rapier — or with a sword.Use the fucking Cruciatus Curse one fucking hundred times.The Killing Curse didn't even cross his mind. That was too easy. Without pain. Too fast also.That loathsome pansy deserved a slow and painful death for wanting to separate him from his Leevanna. For hurting his witch.At this point he doesn't even care about the other ones — wizards who could say obscenities at her and stare at her while she walks. Men who wouldn't think twice in using a lust potion or Amortentia. Someone who could kidnap her or something.He just cares about one.He's really planing on killing him."Mate, mate, what happened?" asked Fred catching his attention."Ask that to your fucking friend," he spit between teeth nodding at Jordan."Mr Jordan," the voice of McGonagall made everyone but the couple to look at her, "please follow me."And Draco keeps walking.Because if he doesn't keep bloody walking, he's going to fucking beat the shite out of that motherfucker until he fucking kills him. ༄ On Tuesday afternoon, the 29th of October, Leevanna was in Severus Snape's classroom to continue practising her skills in Legilimency. It was in her blood and she was able to do it sometimes, but she wanted to perfection it the most she could.She's a perfectionist.When she was younger, she remembers that her Psycho Healer had said something about a mild Obsessive-compulsive disorder.That would be the explanation of why she was so cautious with her stuff and things in general.The people had always to tell her the exact amount of something. The hour, a height, a quantity. She loves numbers for that reason.If her stuff was tidy and clean, she'd take hours making sure everything was right in its place. Nobody could approach any of her things or she would start screaming.It was the same if her room was a mess. Her disorder had an order. She knew exactly where she had put something and how to find it. If anyone touched something or moved it to clean the space, she would also scream.Leevanna likes to scream.She likes how it sores her throat."I know you're tired... But... You need to focus, Leevy," the professor told her in a serious but calm tone by rolling his eyes watching her do a whim."Try on me," she said sighing lowering her wand without really realising what that meant."I'll try to penetrate your mind, focus," and while she was just beginning to raise her wand, he was already inside her mind: Draco and she in his room arguing and throwing things, then they kissed roughly while she rolled her legs around his waist with her hands on his hair. Both in bed, a tie and a bandage, moans, lust. "I definitely didn't want to see that," he said with chills travelling his body."Sex with him s'awesome, you should tr—"   "Leevanna!""Okay, sorry," and without warning, she'd now penetrated her godfather's mind: Lily and him as children, The Marauders and— "And I didn't want to see that either," Snape rolled his eyes, gently hitting her with his hand behind her head smiling. "You really did that? I mean...""I'm not talking with you about—""I'm not judging you but — the place and all the things... Dammit, Severus, who would've had imagined that—" he gave her another soft blow on her head interrupting her as she chuckled."You and Draco..." said Severus. "You're taking care of yourself, right?""Are we going to have the chat?" she raised an eyebrow playfully. He looked at her poorly. "Yes, I'm taking care of myself," she laughed. "Anything else? Any advice you want?""Leevanna!" and she laughed harder."What?" she sneered. He rolled his eyes. She snorted supporting her hands on her knees. "It's so bloody funny — I — I-I'm sorry," she laughed harder."Good you enjoy laughing at my expense," Severus looked at her poorly as she tried to calm herself down. "You finished?""Yeah," she smiled before taking a deep breath. "I haven't laughed like this for days.""About that," he sighed. "How are you?""I am," she answered."Leevanna.""I am, Severus, just that, I am," she shrugs sighing. "I'm fine at a certain point and well — I'm not sad but yeah, you understand," he nodded.It had already passed a couple of days since the incident at Dumbledore's office due to the accusations Lee Jordan had made against Draco.That day, after arriving at their room, Leevanna'd had a sort of anxiety crisis. Draco had to hear her cry for hours while calming her breathing and trying not to lose his nerve also.The thought of being separated from Draco had screwed Leevanna's brain and she'd been afraid of the knocking on the door when Severus went to their room. She'd started screaming and imploring everything was fine and nobody was hurting her.Draco had lost it.He'd been hidden in a corner of the room trying to calm his breathing. When Leevanna finally stopped screaming, he'd been able to finally look up.It had been horrific for both of them.The next day had been Saturday, for their luck, so both of them stayed in their room as a way to calm things a bit. Yesterday had been their return.Things were fine with the twins and everyone from their Slytherin friends. Lee was still conserving distance — little warning on Severus' part."Have you talked with him?" he asked while accommodating his things."A bit," she said. "He apologised and that," a sigh left her lips."Things with Minerva and Pomfrey?""Everything alright, they smile at me," she answered sincerely. "I think everything's fine, at least for this moment."Severus nodded.Yeah, for that tiny, little moment, everything was kind of alright.A few moments later she left the room eating a piece of chocolate her professor had given her just to get her out of there at once and not make more questions about what she'd seen.She found Lee in the hallway. She'd already forgotten his words — or decided it was the best to do. Is trying also to not hold grudges."Ayo, Lee!" She said walking until she reached the boy's side."Leev," he greeted. "Everything alright between us?""Yeah, everything alright," she sighed. "Where are you going?" she asked biting a piece of her candy. "I miss our pranks, I barely see you guys now.""I'd like to tell you... But, unfortunately, I can't," he said smiling at her."Are you going to shag with Daphne?" she frowned confused before biting her candy again. If he was going to do that, he shouldn't be keeping it to himself, right? They were friends and could talk about it as normal ones do.Lee laughed and denied with his head.Then she simply entered his mind without prior notice, she didn't like any type of secrets: 'Dumbledore's Army', Fred and George, Luna, other students, wands, spells and some memories he had with her and Lhu and some other things... feelings."Godric's sake, Leevanna!" He said surprised and scared at the same time seeing the girl stay frozen in her place trying to process what she just saw. "Fuck, fuck, fuck. How did you do that? What the hell did you do? That's advanced magic — what the fuck—" he said passing a hand through his face knowing that she shouldn't find out. What the fuck he was going to do now? "You — You weren't supposed to see that... You weren't supposed to know... Fuck."But she isn't listening. The words are muffled."I... I thought you guys trusted me..." she said in a whisper with a broken voice, but she quickly rebuilt and denied with her head. She didn't even care about the other thing. "Go well... Jordan," she turned around and started walking away."No! Leev! Wait—" he tried to stop her grabbing her wrist."Calm down, I'm not going to tell anyone. I am loyal to those I consider friends, I'm a Slytherin after all," she coldly interrupted with some anger. "And don't fucking touch me," she said between teeth letting go of the grip and leaving the place.The following days of that week, the twins and Lee were trying to earn Leevanna's forgiveness above all things — and that was something that wasn't easy to get.As she'd told Lee, she hadn't said anyone anything, not even Lhu, and that made her angry. She couldn't see her next to George knowing that he hid such a thing from her. She hadn't said it to Draco either, and she that was eating her from the inside because she was hiding valuable information from him.She's frustrated.And when she's frustrated, she isn't very nice."What's wrong with you?" he frowned when she slammed the door close after returning from the bathroom."Nothing," she answered curtly and climbing the bed to sit on it."Well, then don't slam the bloody door," he rolled his eyes leaving a couple of his rings on the desk just leaving the Slytherin one next to the one she gave him.The tiny noise one of them made when it fell, made her huff loudly."Stop making fucking noise!" she growled."Stop being such a bitch."Her gaze fixed on his eyes. Her expression wasn't very friendly and her cheeks were starting to turn rosy while her eyes narrowed.Suddenly a book flew to him.Fortunately, it didn't hit him."Could you care to tell me what the fuck's wrong with you?!" his head turned from the fallen book to her and vice-versa."Nothing!" she yelled exasperated."Then stop throwing fucking things and behaving like a fucking child!""If you don't fucking like my conduct then fucking go to the fucking party!" she screamed. "Everyone does it anyway! Nobody wants to be with me!"And he frowns.Well, this isn't his fault."Vaughan, what—""Shut up!" she cried. "Fucking leave! Leave like everyone! Shag with some random witch because every—fucking—one seems to love fucking betraying me!"He frowns even more.Now she's shedding tears uncontrollably.Well, fuck."Who the fuck made you cry?" he frowned seeing her wipe her little tears before shaking her head."It has no importance," she answered seeing him unbutton his white school shirt. "I'm a-a crybaby tha-that's all.""Aren't you going to tell me who hurt my Leevy?" he muttered approaching the bed. She shook her head again before blinking several times trying not to shed more tears. "Please, love," he says supporting his hands on the bed before leaving a kiss on her cheek, "tell me."She can't. Knows Draco would snitch to Umbridge and she has promised she won't say a single thing.But she feels so betrayed.Didn't her friends trust her anymore? Was she a bad friend? Had she done something for them to keep secrets? Did they think she would be such a bitch and snitch?Leevanna was the most loyal person in the entire bloody world. She wouldn't dare to let a secret slip her lips.She knew thousands. From almost all Hogwarts — except Gryffindor. Curiously the persons always came to her to ask for advice or even gossip and she'd never let escape a single word from those conversations.Trust was the most important thing for Leevanna.And her friends didn't trust her.Who she could trust if those persons weren't her closest circle?She wonders in what moment she allowed her heart to expand and let the others see it full colour.Draco left another kiss on her cheek at the same time his right hand found the edge of her jaw. His silver and cold rings caressing her skin."You can trust me," he whispered in her ear.And she decides that Draco is the only person who wouldn't betray her.He would keep her and her heart safe. Out of the cruel word and its danger."They lied to me," and a low sob accompanied her closed eyes."Who lied to you?" he frowned against her cheek before leaving another kiss."T-They don't trust me," she feels pathetic for crying at such nonsense. What was this? Kindergarten? The big boys hadn't wanted to play with her and now she was crying?      Pathetic.But she can't help and surround Draco's neck with her arms."Do you want me to make them go away from you?" he asked hearing her low sobs against his ear. She nodded. "Could you tell me what they did to you?" her embrace became tighter as her head shook."Call me pretty names," she whispered feeling her heart ache at the winds of mistrust and lies floating.And maybe it could be that they had fought just some minutes ago — though it wasn't really it — but he was her only salvation.He sighed. "Nobody will hurt you, love," he said. "You understand me? You're my witch, love, mine," she closed her eyes tightly and her hands made fists. "Okay?" she nodded.She hated keeping secrets.She wondered why they hadn't told her, they were supposed to be friends. Yes, she was in Slytherin — and she was beyond proud to be part of that family — and didn't get along very well with most Gryffindors, but if they needed help she was willing to give it, they knew that she knew more spells than any other student, she could help them with whatever they were doing. She didn't care if it was forbidden or not, she really was willing to help.She could learn to get along with other people.And she feels as if she was a crystal.Fragile.

Her eyes narrowed when she saw George leaving a kiss on Lhu's forehead a few metres away from her position in the hallway.

Lee and Fred, who stopped their chat when they noticed the green-eyed's presence, looked at each other before giving a few steps towards her.

She held her books tightly against her chest and turned her head to look at Draco, who came in her direction looking at the Gryffindors before eyeing his girlfriend.

"I would like to leave," she said looking at him.

"D'you want me to buy you more sugar quills?" he asked passing an arm around her to then leave a kiss on her temple before starting to walk towards the library to study. She nodded.

In the path, her eyes crossed with Potter's. Her anger grew.

Her friends didn't trust her for a bloody bloke who was being manipulated by a headmaster who didn't even look at him?

        Ha! La vita è bella.

Stupid — whatever thing that 'Dumbledore Army' was.

Why it always had to be Potter?

Exactly why Potter has to teach? Just because he knew how to "fight" The Dark Lord? Had he actually fought him? Did he knew what it was practically to live with him and feel that panic to have him nearby? What it feels when he caresses your cheek with that rotten smile he has?How every nerve on your body bristled when he gave you that look with his red eyes as if he was waiting for something or you? Did he know what was like to have to hide in his room with the fear of being marked with a mark that you would've to had tattooed in his skin every day?

Betrayal is colour brown. Like dirt. It stains your face, leaves it filthy, full of bacterias and germs that can kill you. As a number it could be 17, the one exemplifies a person, the seven would be another with a dagger. The second person stabs the first one in the back and watches it bleed until the first person dies.

She keeps feeling that way.

Dirt being thrown at her face. Seeing seventeens all over the places she looks.

But now isn't only her who feels that way."Because it isn't like that!""Then tell me how's it!""They're our friends!""Okay, and?!" she opens her mouth only to shut it. "You spent days fucking refusing to even look at them and you're now telling that everything's fine?""They made a mistake—""A mistake that kept you crying day and night," and she knows he's right. He's just trying to protect her. "And you didn't even tell me what was it.""I can't tell you!" huffs when her eyes begin to burn. "I promised Lee I wouldn't say anything—"His eyebrows jolt up and she knows she's just made it worse."Don't start because—""No, I wasn't," he shrugs. "It just seems funny my witch's doing promises to people who hurt her.""As if you weren't one of those people!"Her eyes close and the tears fall while her hand passes through her hair to push it back. She didn't mean to say it."We have the answer to that, don't we?" his arms are crossed over his chest. He's looking at her with a blank expression when she looks up."Don't—" she says pointing him. "Don't say that because—""But it's the only option, isn't it?" she shakes her head at his words."It isn't, because—""Because what?" he frowns. Is tired. "Because I'm the only person who holds back your whims? Because you have a reputation to keep? Because you don't want to be alone? Because—""Because you're mine!" she yells. "You're mine and I'm yours! That's why! I need you! And you need me!"Then tell me the mistake the twins and Jordan made to kept you in blank for days!""I can't!""That's the problem," tears making weight. "You don't trust me.""I trust you!""You don't!""What do you want me to do to demonstrate you that I do trust you?!""I want you to tell me!" and he's so tired of yelling. "I want you to tell me because I don't fucking know if I need to be your teddy bear again! Because one day you say one thing and the next other one! Because you make promises to people that isn't me! You keep secrets from me!""I CANNOT TELL YOU!"She gasps. Has let the bomb explode. Again."Friends make promises! And I promised I wouldn't do it!" her face is rosy. "And — And I'm sorry I keep things from you! But I cannot tell you! Okay?! Even if I want to!"His brows keep being frowned. Eyes looking for a sparkle of lie. But she isn't lying.She can't tell him."So, please, can you trust me when I say it won't happen again?" she huffs. "They aren't going to but if you don't want to talk to them I can—"   "No.""What?""No, Leevanna," he says. Voice firm — curtly. "I don't believe you."Her eyes open and she has to blink several times. It feels as if the Hogwarts' Express just hit her."Y-You what?""I don't because I know you're going to appear one day crying because somebody hurt you," he says. "And I'm going to be the one you use to wipe your tears, so no, I don't believe you.""Malfoy—""You have to understand they're Gryffindors, they don't trust you for instinct," cuts her off. Doesn't want to hear. "They're going to continue keeping things from you, because you're a Slytherin, they don't trust you. They judge you," he continues. "And don't come to me with but Lhu, because she doesn't know anything either. You. Continue. Being. The. Enemy.""You're wrong—""Oh, yeah? And then why they didn't tell you anything? — Whatever it is," he frowns. Her mouth open and shuts. "See?"And she's in blank.In an internal battle with her thoughts. Because he's got a point. A valid one.When he grabs his cloak and wand, she gets out from her little transe."Wha— Where are you going?""I'm tired, Vaughan," he says keeping his wand in his internal pocket. "I'm going somewhere somebody isn't believing Gryffindors accept Slytherins or doesn't trust me, because I'm tired of you crying."And he walks out of the door."Malfoy!"She's descending the stairs so quickly that almost falls. But doesn't care.   "Malfoy!"He ignores her — doesn't want to listen. There's only a few people in the Slytherin Common Room. Most of the students are in class. She keeps calling his surname. He doesn't stop walking."Stop! Malfoy! Where are you going?!" her hand grabs his arm and makes him turn, but he gets off it with a twist."I already told you," he says before his head turns to the people who now is looking at them. "Oh, look. You have company."And he walks away.She grabs his arm again."Y-You can't — you can't leave me," her eyes red of tears. "You're mine — you can't — end this like that — you can't!" she yells, her hands have grabbed the collar of his shirt. "Nobody's going to need you like I do! Y-You are mine! You need me!" she feels as if her throat was tearing apart. "I swear to God, Draco Malfoy, that if you leave me I'll fucking kill myself! I swear! You are mine! Mine!"He pushed her with one hand before grabbing her chin."But you have the right of not trusting me?" his jaw's clenched, muscles tense. "Fucking do whatever you fucking want," his fingers tightened his grip a bit before releasing her rudely, enough to make her head turn. "Maybe I'll find the brunette your father sent, perhaps we found the reason why he did it.""You wouldn't dare — you don't mean that!""Go on, hang out with them," his head nods imperceptibly at the group on the couches. "And maybe you get to think," his finger points her forehead before getting off her grip to continue walking.He has class and then Quidditch practice — she doesn't remember that — and he wouldn't dare to cheat on her."Cinna—""SHUT UP, JORDAN!"And she goes back to the room they were previously in to take a bath.Tries to think about the fight. Was he right? Does her friends really don't trust her? Would they keep things from her again? Was she still the enemy?She doesn't know.But she trusts him — even if she doesn't want to and wants to gouge his eyes out for yelling at her things he knows hurt. He even mentioned the bloody brunette.The rest of the evening she spends it in their room with the door locked and a charm that only lets him in. So, when nobody opens the door, she starts throwing daggers at the wall.It's been hours and he hasn't returned.She still doesn't remember he wouldn't do it until very late in the night because of Quidditch — if he returns.The alarm she put frights her and interrupts her silence when it rings announcing dinner time. She can't skip it. Lhu's been strict about it since the last time.She grabs her wand and her school robes to get out the dorm. At the common room, she avoids being noticed and walks directly to the Great Hall.She doesn't know if she would see him, but her only plan is finishing eating and go back to wait for him. She's bitting her nails and playing with them due to the anxiety in her body.Hates when she isn't in control of things.Her ears are plugged so she doesn't hear any voices until the food appears in front of her.Green eyes move to seek for a fork when pale-blond catches her attention. He was in front of her. His eyes meet hers."You don't like that," she says when his spoon grabs mashed potatoes."I like it now," he shrugged taking the spoon to his mouth."But you hated them last year," Pansy, who was close, frowned."He just does it to contradict me," Leevanna cut her meat before looking up at him.And, oh, he does hate mashed potatoes — but swallows them anyway."Not everything's about you," he bites out. Gaze hard and expression blank."Then why d'you listened to me?" her brow raises and her meat meets her tongue at the same time she looks up at him."Because you can't keep your mouth shut," her jaw clenches at his words. His eyes glistening with a sheet of amusement.Eye-contact intensifies.The five Slytherins look at each other in wait for their friend's response."And your brunette doesn't talk?" she scoffs."Not much," he shrugs again. "Mouths have different uses, y'know."Her fist tightens around her fork — which is starting to pierce the table."You're not cheating," she says calmly. Her hand grabs a napkin to clean the fork."Let's ask Skeeter, shall we?" his voice bitter and her chew is slow.She swallows. "I apologised for that.""We were clear I don't believe you anymore, don't we?""Malfoy, I apologised—""Why the emphasis? Because it's so hard for you admit you're wrong, isn't it, Vaughan?""They do trust me.""Oh, I see you haven't meditated my words.""It's needn't, because you're wrong.""I am not.""Guess I'm not the only one having trouble with admitting when I'm wrong," she smirks sarcastically."At least I do trust my witch and don't make promises to others who aren't her.""Can we not talk bout it here? I made a—""—A promise to other wizard who isn't me and encourages you to keep things away from me.""He doesn't encourage me to anything, and they do trust me.""And why didn't they tell you, then? Why didn't tell Lhu about whatever—it—is?" she freezes again at his words."Tell me about what?""Yeah, Vaughan," he smiles sarcastically, "tell her about his wizard keeping secrets.""Can you just admit you're being dramatic? It isn't your trouble.""Oh, but it's my trouble when I'm the one who hears you cry," he scoffs bitterly."If you didn't want to do it, then you shouldn't have," she bites out. Jaw clenched yet again."Yeah, I guess the next time you should ask your other wizard to take care of you," he dedicates her a sarcastic closed-mouth smile."I do not have another wizard," every word clipped."I. Don't. Believe you," he smiles again."Can someone explain me what the fuck is happening and what's George hiding from me?" Lhu interrupts. Exasperated. Scared."Ask your wizard," Leevanna answers bitterly. Her eyes don't leave Malfoy's. "Perhaps he does trust you, not like mine.""So we're going to talk about trust now, how hypocritical of you, Vaughan.""Oh, because you trust me a lot too, don't you, Malfoy?""If you have so many problems with me then you can go to your other wizard," and he pushes his plate away from him."I don't have—""Oh, look, he's behind you to save you from me," he smiles again before start walking in the exist's direction."Is George — are you cheating on me?" Lhu asks turning her body to see the redhead. "I — Is he—""I don't know!" Leevanna explodes. Stand up before pushing her plate to start walking away. ༄ "Merlin, I hate that woman," huffed Lhu by brushing her hair. Both girls were getting ready for that day's Quidditch match. "I swear I could use one of the unforgivable curses on her and don't feel bad at all.""I don't want you in Azkaban," Leevanna chuckled. "...But... Next time you can poison her food," added the green-eyed spread out on her bed, which made her friend laugh, but her smile left when she saw her admire the ring on her finger with a sad countenance.

Why she had to be so fucking dependant? She hates it — him."You two fought again?" Lhu asked her sitting on one side to start putting on mascara.Leevanna looked at her.Lhu was so perfect... She's always so happy and laughing or smiling.She has never asked her though — if the girl was dependant on George or vice-versa."Is even something new at this point?" She sighed, standing down to put on her shoes and leave at once. She did not want to be late or talk about the fight. "We're leaving?" Lhu nodded putting on the Slytherin's green scarf and they both went to the playing pitch. Secretly, they were also going to support Gryffindor since the twins were there.But Lhu was wearing a curious crown-shaped badge just like Leevanna.Leevanna had forgiven the twins and Lee a few days ago when Lhu had found about the 'army' thing unintentionally after imploring Leevanna to accompany her to follow George thinking that maybe he really was seeing someone else — thing that he'd never do or even think about. But Lhu was a bit insecure because it was her first relationship and she knew that, before her, George and Fred always flirted with a lot of girls. And Leevanna's fight with Malfoy had just messed things up.Lhu trusted her boyfriend with her all life though, so she'd felt a little stupid and dumb for thinking that. George'd filled her with love and affection after.Both girls sat in the front row and began to cheer up next to the rest of their house, well, Lhu cheered.When the teams started going out, Leevanna rolled her eyes in amusement when she heard that some girls from her house bothered her playfully when Malfoy went out of the changing room.Gryffindor was the only team they had much competition towards, because of the rivalry they had for years trying to demonstrate which house was better in the game. It was quite exciting and fun seeing them fight and push while Gryffindor tried to ignore the teasing comments Slytherin said to distract them.On the other hand, although they loved the cheerful and lovely Hufflepuffs, the matches were quite easy with them — the last time they played against them, quite a few ended up in the hospital wing for some not-so-serious injures but few broken bones. Then both houses had a little party after, forgetting the game thing. But they had quite good players.For Ravenclaw's case, even if they had excellent gambling tactics and a lot of very good players, it wasn't enough against the rudeness and aggressiveness of Slytherin — likewise, they were in good terms when it was required and neither house held any grudge. Both houses joked about how the other and themselves had played.So, knowing that her blond needed to concentrate and pay attention to the tactics, Leevanna put a finger on her lips with a smile to silence them and her eyes deviated to number 7 again.He didn't look at her since they had fought the night before, but on her face formed a soft closed-mouth smile when she saw him with his serious countenance and his white-silver hair radiating a lot of confidence — like always he played.He looked so fucking dishy in that uniform of his that she blushed a little helplessly.He was driving her mental — but she wasn't complaining this time.And she doesn't remember for what they were fighting anymore."Captains shake hands," ordered Madam Hooch, as Angelina and Montague reached each other. Even from the stands, it could be noticed that Montague was trying to crush Angelina's fingers, though she didn't do a single wince. "Mount your brooms..." and all the members of both teams obeyed.Madame Hooch opened the case full of balls and few seconds after the snitch disappeared, she started the countdown and, when she reached '1', she threw the quaffle into the air.The players of both teams rose enthusiastically rose in pursuit. Her gaze remained at number 7, who had quickly taken off, flying high in the sky like as if he dominated it.       How they can fly so high? I would fill the pitch with vomit, and she chuckles hearing her conscience."And it's Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle," begins Lee, "what a player that girl is, I've been saying it for years but she still won't go out with me. Leevanna please don't get jealous—""JORDAN!" yelled Professor McGonagall.Leevanna covered her face with both hands laughing out loud. Lee always made that type of comments."Just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest — And she's ducked Warrington, she's passed Montague, she's — ouch — been hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe... Montague catches the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and — nice Bludger there from George Weasley, that's a Bludger to the head for Montague, he drops the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet's away—"Lee Jordan's commentary rang through the stadium making several laugh for the Angelina thing, all yelling and booing and singing—"—Dodges Warrington, avoids a Bludger — close call, Alicia — and the crowd are loving this, just listen to them, what's that they are singing?"Lee paused to listen the song rose loud, cheerful and clear from the sea of green and silver in the Slytherin section of the stands:Weasley cannot save a thing,

He cannot block a single ring,

That's why Slytherins all sing:

Weasley is our King.Leevanna's gaze passed to the twins, who didn't seem to happy but couldn't help to smile sideways in amusement.She focusses on number 7 again, his agility surprised her — she hadn't seen him play in a while, and he'd improved so much. He ducked and moved among the players around the field to look for the snitch. The Slytherin house kept cheerfully singing:Weasley was born in a bin,

He always lets the Quaffle in,

Weasley will make sure we win,

Weasley is our King.And it was at that time that a strong dyeing sound echoed, indicating that Gryffindor had scored. Draco ran his hand through his hair and disordered with irritation. But as fast as he saw Potter and Weasel-bee losing focus and Angelina shouting for them to stay in their position, another dyeing sound echoed indicating that Slytherin had tied.Draco was taking advantage that Potter was angry and disconcerted enough thanks to the funny song he and Leevanna had come up with a few days ago. Pansy had also helped — as a mediator too because both had started to fight over words.Yeah, Slytherins weren't fair all the time — specifically with Gryffindor."Slytherin score!" came Lee's voice amid the cheering and booing from the crowds below. "So that's ten-nil to Slytherin — bad luck, Ron..."The Slytherins sang even louder hearing Lee's playful comment.WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING,

HE CANNOT BLOCK A SINGLE RING,

THAT'S WHY SLYTHERINS ALL SING:

WEASLEY IS OUR KING.Leevanna jumped on her place next to Lhu and joined the choir.She usually stayed still and just clapped as she rolled her eyes in amusement because Draco always boasted or made teasingly comments, but that time she wanted to feel the emotion too.And she knows the pushing and hitting is because he's discharging his rage.A few seconds later, the bell rang announcing another point for Slytherin.WEASLEY IS OUR KING,

HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN,

WEASLEY IS OUR KING.Draco started singing too."—And it's Warrington again," bellowed Lee, "who passes to Pucey, Pucey's off past Spinnet, come on now Angelina, you can take him — turns out you can't — but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley, I mean, George Weasley, oh who fucking cares, one of them anyway, and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell — er — drops it too — so that's Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle, and he's off up the pitch, come on now Gryffindor, block him!"As the game progressed, the Slytherin house kept scoring points, they were quite ahead of it, but the problem was that the snitch still didn't appear and it had already been an hour since the game started.Few drops of cold water started to pour thanks to the climate — no one of the watchers abandoned the game."—Pucey throws to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Montague back to Pucey — Johnson intervenes, Johnson takes the Quaffle, Johnson to Bell, this looks good — I mean bad — Bell's hit by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and it's Pucey in possession again..." Lee's comments made laugh more than anything else.All the Slytherins kept singing and even some Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs had joined them.WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN,

HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN,

WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN—Leevanna made contact with Draco's eyes, but he looked away quickly. That was fine, she knew that he needed to win. Her hands grabbed the railing with strength and adrenaline when she saw him passing a hand through his hair again with irritation when he saw how Gryffindor made a point.Another dyeing sound echoed followed by another no more than two seconds later. Both Slytherin points.It was fascinating for Leevanna to see Draco.For the way he played, it seemed that he owned the field and the whole sky. There was something so calm and captivating in the way he played that hypnotised everyone — that made her remember one of the many nights in his room with the lights off.The rain started to pour even heavier, but no one couldn't care less.WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING.

HE CANNOT BLOCK A SINGLE RING—Suddenly, Harry lunged down.Draco, after having been watching his rival closely and, seeing how fury consumed him, took that in his favour and lunged instantly in his persecution, turning and turning among the players to dodge them, reached him in a short time, with impressive speed and agility.—THAT'S WHY SLYTHERINS ALL SING:

WEASLEY IS OUR KING.Leevanna tightened her grip on the railing when she saw them. The Snitch skated the foot of one of the hoops of the goal and tore to the other side of the stands; it changes of direction adapted to Malfoy, who was closer.HE ALWAYS LET'S THE QUAFFLE IN,

WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN—Harry pulled his Firebolt, he and Malfoy were now neck and neck... Feet from the ground, Harry raised his broom's right hand, extending to the Snitch... On his right, Malfoy's arm also spread, reaching, groping...It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept seconds Draco's fingers closed around the tiny, struggling ball and pulled his broom upward, holding it in his hand as the Slytherin spectators screamed cheering him up... Draco smirked and looked down watching Harry arrogantly."Did you like my witch's and I lyrics, Potter?" Draco teased.Harry didn't answer.But Draco wasn't over."Leevanna Vaughan!! Go get your man, woman!!!" Lee shouted at her through the microphone before McGonagall took it off. She rolled her eyes with a smile denying.Everyone present began to go to head to the party Slytherin would throw thanks to their victory minutes ago."We wanted to write a couple more verses," Draco called. "But we couldn't find rhymes for useless loser — y'know I think I can hear him cry—""Leave it, Draco," said Lhu arriving with Leevanna. "We won.""But I want to have a bit of fun," he smirked playfully before Lhu reproached her with her gaze. "And I'm sure Potter wants to keep listening," he ignored her.Lee was grabbing Potter's arm, trying to take him away from the blond's sneerings."What's it, Potter? Why d'you like them so much?" he continued. "Perhaps you can remember what your mother's house stank like, Potter, and Weasel's pigsty remi—"Potter almost threw himself at him, but Lee held him."Malfoy," Lee said between teeth. "You won. Leave it.""Was I talking to you, Jordan?" Draco turned frowning — getting off Leevanna's try to grab him. "D'you like to stick your nose were it doesn't belong to, don't you?""S'there a problem, Malfoy?" he frowned realising Potter and walking towards the blond."Yeah, there's one," he said shrugging his shoulder to get off Blaise's hand. "With your presence.""Have I done something to you?" he twisted his arm to get off Fred's grip. "Because I don't remember talking with ferrets," and Draco's face grew red."Y'know," he started, calmly — smirk malicious, "ferret and all but I got the witch.""She doesn't seem so happy with ya," Lee's smirk showed up. "Y'know, she's been complaining—"   "Lee!""So bad you can't give her your shoulder to cry," Draco pouted. "Though I think you want to give her more than your shoulder—"   "Draco!""—must hurt she prefers me every time she wants to fuck," ignoring her, he gave one step to Lee. "Even if we fight, y'know, because she's my witch, mine.""Mate," tried Blaise, "that's en—""No, no," Draco cut him off, "it isn't, because this sod here thinks he has a sort of opinion when it comes to my witch and I, and can't keep his hands away from her—""Oh, don't talk like that because you treat her like fucking rubbish," Lee's voice was bitter, threatening. "You treat her as if she was kind of puppy you can please with diamonds—""Talks the puppy," sneered Draco. "How does it feel, huh, Jordan? Knowing that I'm the one who makes her come so hard that she can't even breath for how good is it. Knowing that I'm the one who she's going to call every. Fucking. Night," Lee's eyes were narrowed. "Knowing that you can only watch while I kiss her and fanta—"And Lee punched him.Draco breathed out a laugh seated on the grass before spitting the blood from his mouth and getting on his feet to throw himself to Lee.And Leevanna confuses realities when the memory of months ago crosses her mind's eye.But she doesn't faint... Or does something to try and stop him.Because, inside her, she wanted a punishment for the Gryffindor.Theo and Blaise held his friend back. Draco was panting, chest going up and down heavily.Lee got up from the grass but the twins hold him back at the moment Madam Hooch made appearance."What d'you think you're doing?!" she screamed arriving the place. Draco spit blood again to the ground and got off his friends' grip to head towards the changing room.His eyes crossed with Leevanna's, who narrowed her eyes at him.Lee was sporting a cut, swollen lip and several purple marks from knuckles. Nose bleeding just like Draco's."Back up to the castle, both of you, and straight to your Head of House's office! Go! Now!" said Hooch pointing the Gryffindors before the remaining Slytherins talked to her.Leevanna sneaked out the situation unnoticeably and made her way towards the changing rooms, a small stone building with four doors painted in the respective colours of the houses. She'd been a few times there now.She knows the remaining people would go directly to their dorms to avoid more delay to the party but waits a few minutes in the rain to enter without making noise and lock the door behind her.The room smelled sweat, it was also dark and the condensation of the air reminded her of a sauna. A thick green light leaked through the green stained glass window over the door, like a humid and dark glow from the depths of the forest. The rain was heard far from where she was.She's never been on the other ones, but the Slytherin one was pretty well organised and tidy. All in its place. The showers a bit far away. A large stone countertop with a large mirror on the wall over it.He was there.Without his robes and only his trousers. His nose was still bleeding and his wand revealed Episkey's use."You finished taking care of your puppy?" he said closing the water-key."You shouldn't have say those things, y'know?" she frowned crossing her arms.He laughed and looked up too observe her through the mirror."You now are on his side, I see.""There're no sides, Malfoy," she bit out approaching him. "Now, sit down.""What?""Sit. Dow," she narrows her eyes at him. Her arms still crossed until she approaches him while he just did what she indicated.Now that he's on the countertop she has more access to his face without standing on tiptoes. She conjures a gauze and a recipient with water out of nowhere.He follows her with his eyes, looking expectant at her movements.When she places herself between his legs and grabs carefully his cheek with one hand, his eyes locks with hers for a second before she looks down to clean the blood from his nose and cut lip.They spend some minutes in silent as she finishes to clean him before his eyes meet his once again."You were a prat," she murmurs."I'm not apologising," he murmurs too making her narrow her eyes.She pushes him lightly before turning to walk away from him.And he intertwines his leg with hers to make her stumble and splash her hands on his chest."I didn't say for what," the words whisper against her lips and she tries to push him when his hands grab her wrists.His hand belts beneath her and lifts her effortlessly only to sit her on him on the bench. Her knees next to his hips and her arms surrounding his neck. He holds her hips tightly.She loved that position — the angle.And he knows it.She loves being a bit taller than him — standing was impossible —, looking down on him as the skin of their foreheads pressed against the other."I hate you," she murmurs with her face rosy from rage and eyes still narrowed."I know, love," she smiles against her mouth prior to leave a kiss on her jaw. "I hate you, too," this time he whispers it in her ear.Why did they fight all the time?Why it seemed so dangerous?All was too dangerous.

All was too fast. Such a short time.They were walking on eggshells.And her hands grab his cheeks tightly to join their lips possessively and rawly. Teeth nipping flesh. His hands exploring all her body. Hers slid up and down.One of his hands snakes up along the curve of her waist, and then up along the one of her shoulder. Creeps around the back of her neck before delving into her curls. Twirls one of them on his finger.And he pulled the strand a bit."You want me to confess you one thing, Vaughan?" he breaths over her swollen lips and she nods quickly prior to bit her lip.His chin slid into the space between her throat and collarbone as if it was made to fit there — forever and always. She shudders a bit feeling his hot breath against her skin."I got something right..."She quickly became aware of that aching emptiness she's quite familiar with now.He let escape a low and breathy chuckle out of his lips against her skin seeing the way her body had responded."I make you come so hard than you can't even breathe," he mutters and she hiss a breath at his words."Prat," she breaths bowing her body at him. He chuckles."Y'know... I was distracted today, at the game," he whispers again, against the surface of her ear this time. "Seeing you there... So pretty..." And she couldn't help but buck slightly against him. "...With those distracting curls of yours..." His tongue darts out to trace her earlobe, then slides up along the curve of the cartilage. "...And that skirt that's driving me fucking crazy..."She hissed out another breath as her hands unconsciously splayed out over his chest."What's — ...What's wrong with my skirt?" Her hands slid down slowly.He made a tight fist with his hair, pulling her closer."...So ridiculously short..." And he suckled her earlobe, making the pulse in her abdomen, no — lower — to triple in one.His fingers had travelled low to toy with the hem of her skirt. Her cheeks stained red."...But you like it..." she breathed."Mm," he hums.She bit down on her lip as the hard outline of him pressed against her thigh."Tell me..." She hissed. "...tell me how much you like it..."A sharp, little breath broke free from his lips and collides against her ear. A domino effect that made her jerk a bit, grinding her hips into his."...You want to know what things that short skirt of yours makes me imagine?" He whispered in her ear, and she nods, still bitting down her lip. "...Those thighs you have... Your legs..."She feels beyond bold — stimulated by the inciting craving between her hips."...You know how frustrated I felt seeing you there?" And his voice's a breathy whisper that made her release a little sigh. "...Not being able to touch you... So distant of me..."One of the palms of her hands whispered over the front of his trousers."...Tell me more..." She says and throws her head back when both of her hands found her hips again and grabbed them tight against him making her naughty hand to lean on his abdomen again."...The way you jumped of excitement... You have the slightest idea the things you made me imagine?" His fingers curled around the back of her bare thighs and he pried her legs apart with them. She couldn't help a barely audible little groan. "...And those bloody Gryffindors scoring points," she chuckled as her arms folded around his neck and her thighs parted more. "I was so fucking frustrated.""Oh, poor you..." she chuckles once more making him huff against her skin.His tongue finds her earlobe once more and sucked it before biting gently, making her release a breathy and shaky little whimper."You want to know what other things you made me imagine?" he whispers teasingly when he heard her little, subtle sound. She nods. "...You on my bed... With that tiny little body of yours shaking under me... As I fuck you..."The way his hand slides up her inner thigh and delves between her legs made her release another little sound that is music for his ears.The tip of his nose slides down her neck and his lips leave a tiny kiss on her skin before he pulled away of it to look her in the eyes.He drags a finger up and down against her, more purrs escaping her mouth.She just wants more — more, more, unimaginable amounts of more.He brings their faces closer, his lips in close too — so close, but not close enough as she would want. She sighs into his mouth — wanting to feel his lips closer. Shifting her nose against his, her eyes falling shut helplessly. Her knees shaking.   "...You want me to fuck you, Leevanna?" Her toes curl at the sound of her name on his lips — she loves it."Yes," she whispers — moans. Gasping and nipping at him, pushing against him, unable to feel his lips fully. His nose snuggled against hers.He drags his tongue up along hers, wet and filthy. Both tongues fighting. The kiss is wild and rough. Both nipping, biting and pulling.He gives her tongue another filthy lick.He grunts loudly against her tongue.Leevanna tangled her fingers in Draco's wet hair, gripping it tightly while he snaked a hand around the back of her neck.She quickly gets rid of her huge green sweater while he unzipped her bra, then he lifted her and she wrapped her legs around his waist while kissing him.The blond took her to the showers where he pushed her rudely against the wall while opening the water key making her moan.While the water fell on both, she untangled her legs feeling one of his hands grabbing her wrists by placing them above her head. Draco put his erection between her thighs and began to kiss her neck leaving a trace of dark bruises.Their bodies hurt in desire.Draco quickly pulled her skirt out and throw it somewhere and then lowered the zipper from his pants leaving them on the floor as well.Goosebumps prickled on her skin as he traced his cold hands along her body, slowly getting closer to the aching spot between her legs.Draco observed her a few seconds while both panted. Her wet messy hair on the sides of her face, her rosy cheeks and red lips and her bare and smooth skin. Her huge green eyes decorated with beautiful long black and thick eyelashes looked at him with submission and lust.She belonged to him. She was his — he reminded himself that every single day."Hold fucking still," he demanded taking her roughly by the chin when she tried to move her hands, he travelled her body again passing the yolk of her fingers through her waist and thighs while kissing her.He's always in control.He grabbed her waist and turned her back roughly so that her hands leaned against the wall in front of her, and her back arched out with one of her cheeks against the cold wall. He grabbed her plump arse without hesitation and immersed himself inside her. She wailed loudly as he nailed her from behind. He coiled her hand around her waist to the front of her and slowly rubbed circles around her throbbing clit.His fingers already soaking wet.While the water wetted them, he removed her hair from her shoulder and sunk his face into the soft skin of curve of her neck smelling her addictive aroma and biting and sucking, leaving large purple bruises.She moaned loudly trying to grab the wall without any success. He took her hair tightly and pulled it hard as he increased the rhythm of his fingers and penetrated her harder."You like that?" He said in her ear causing her to moan, she nodded. "You have a mouth. Fucking use it.""Y-Yes," she said as best as she could before being pounded mercilessly. Draco came out of her and turned her abruptly seeking for her lips and kissing her savagely while putting her hands above her head and intertwined them with his while grabbing her waist with the other.He surrounded her neck with his hand beginning to kiss her neck hearing her moan. He lifted her and leaned her on the wall feeling her entangled her legs around his waist and intertwined her fingers in his wet hair tightly, he leaned his hand on the wet wall thrusting her merciless and kissing her neck.He held her tightly so that she wouldn't fall while he pounded her roughly, sticking her back more to the wall, listening to her moan in his ear.The orgasm was beginning to be built in their bodies full of lust and pleasure. Her toes curled and she began to see stars, wailing loudly as he kept fucking her harder and harder.His atavistic grunts were hot against the skin of her neck and she could feel that he was also on the edge. She clung to him by his hair and moaned on his lips as she reached the climax, her whole body shuddering and her screams echoed the empty room while the water poured.They were lost in their own world of lust when he entered her once again as he came inside her and they became a tangled mess of one being. His thick cum filled her interior as he groaned on her neck.Both panted exhausted still under the water. She untangled her legs while he came out of her and she touched the floor with her feet looking him in the eye. She passed her hands through the smooth and white skin of his chest while he held her by the waist to not let her fall, attracting her to him before desperately seeking for her lips and kissing her with hunger.It was okay to burn in desire after fighting?They didn't know.They didn't care.A while later, both of them were sitting on a bench, heated, swelling and satisfied. Neither spoke, but it wasn't necessary. Leevanna delicately pulled a pair of wet hair out of his forehead under his watchful gaze, she was sitting on him while he surrounded her with his arms."Get up or we're going to sleep here," he told her quietly seeing her laying her head on his chest. "Obey me."And those last two words caused her to see the coloured spots she was growing to love every day. Those words did something to her, dragging her into a drug-side effect she doesn't want to escape anymore."Fine," she said getting up with difficulty and starting to look for her clothes around the place, avoiding bending over.Then he got up and started rummaging between his bag until he found his dry clothes. His gaze passed to Leevanna's wet green sweater.He saw her putting on her underwear and her skirt, which had wet parts. Before he could think, he passed her his dry robes."Shut up and put it on," he said to her taking away his gaze as he saw her smirk.He remembered that time a year ago when the Dementor had attacked her and he had given her his Quidditch robes.And he thought that fuck, she looked good in any of his robes.How she could look so fucking delicious even with clothes?       She looks like a Dementor now, he thought with a sideways smile before he started putting his shirt on, but not unbuttoning it.She raised her head trying to take the hood off her face as she went to him and hugged him from behind while he loosened his belt."Good you didn't apologise," she says playfully."I know..." he replied seductively before turning around and grabbing her arse roughly pulling her closer. "Now, come here that I prefer you without clothes."   Both were walking, he chuckling because of her clumsiness and she huffing before supporting her hand on the wall."I really, really hate you," she narrowed her eyes at him before taking air deeply and taking her wand off her pocket to change her clothes.His sneaky hand took her waist and, in an agile manoeuvre, her back collided with the stonewall behind her. She crossed her arms over her chest. Fortunately nobody was in the corridor because of the hour and the climate outside."Love..." and she raises an eyebrow, smiling playfully as she looks away when she hears his words. "You literally confessed you're mesmerised by me.""Yeah, yeah, I'm sure I was under the Imperius Curse," she chuckles looking at him in the eye making him smile. "And stop using the cheesy names, ew.""I love to bother you," he shrugged playfully."Oh, my dearest love," she begins letting a sigh escape her lips. "Your desire removes my withins and fills my body with your warmth as if we were slaves of the summer springlike skies," and he laughs seeing her dramatise every word. "Your name makes my insides feel the ghost of your touch and the bows your lips are sealing our—""Okay, okay, enough," and both are laughing. "Merlin's sake so inspired you are? I really fuck you that good?""Nah, I've had betters," and he glares her before she left a kiss on his lips laughing. "Damn it, don't take it hard, but, yeah, you fuck me that good.""I know," he chuckles before taking off his wand to change his and her clothes. "We're going to the common room, right?""They'd been waiting for us three hours," she laughs. "But we were having troubles at the changing room, sure they'll understand," he rolls his eyes in amusement before waving his wand towards her and transforming the clothes she was wearing into a silver sequin, spaghetti strapped, mini gown that makes her breasts' lines highlight more than they should. "Malfoy!" she shrieks covering her chest."What?" he asks innocently while changing his clothes to a white shirt and black trousers. "Always looking like a dessert," he smirks playfully and she rolls her eyes in amusement before both started walking towards the Slytherin dungeons.Once they arrive their destiny, he's in charge to murmure the new password Slytherins had to put to keep their parties hidden from Umbrigde.Both shut their eyes close due to all the lights reflecting everywhere.The flagstone walls which are arch up, carved like a cathedral, columns and all, are adorned with neon lights, diamonds — of Merlin knows where they got them — and the glued-together hot, sweaty figures crowding and knocking into another, in voracious fits of sexual and euphoric outbursts, bubbles of sweat painting their skins.Shining aqua, emerald green and green-yellow burst their luminous waves into the pool of mashing bodies which move frivolously on the dance floor. There's people on the tables and the music echoes all the place, it's deep but strong and Leevanna thinks they found a new way of audio because she can't describe it very well.The place pulsates with that kind of loud but deep music and teenage hormones which flutter in the air. The floor sticky with alcohol and the heavy, gloomy air was filled with smoke and weed.Suddenly all the attention went to the two persons who just arrived. A millisecond of silent before the cheerful and euphoric cheers echoed the walls.Draco and Leevanna started walking among the people who were congratulating the blond for his feat in the game. He did five-highs with whom were closer to him as his other hand held Leevanna's wrist to not lose her in the crowd."WITH YOU ALL!" Screams a drunk Theodore to be listened over the music. "OUR FUCKING PRINCESS WHO MADE US WIN THE FUCKING GAME!"And, as his hand points the blue-grey-eyed, the cheers became even more euphoric and loud, making Leevanna laugh before making a five-high with the blond. They know the people's so hyped up because Slytherins hadn't won a game for a long time now, they're utterly happy for being the winers this time and what a better way to enjoy their glorious victory that with a radiant party."Finally you're here!" Exclaims Lhu, who seems to have forgotten the fight. Her brown hair, usually perfect curled and silky, tonight's frizzy and damp with her glowing sweat and falling by the sides of her head. "Daphne's doing a striptease dance, come!" She laughs pulling her best friend by the wrist.Daphne, with a green tank top, black jeans and a messy, tangled blonde straight hair, is giving a show over one of the study tables. Her hands slid up from her waist to her hair to then place on her thighs before moving her hips in a circular motion. The blonde realised the green-eyed's presence and pulled her to climb the table too, which she did laughing.Leevanna moved her body according to the music rhythm, moving her hips and waist circularly and one side to another as she feels the music making her brain go fuzzy and fall in a ecstasy effect due to the deep sounds. The strobe lights reflecting on the floating diamonds made the tiny sheet of sweat to glow. Pansy and Lhu are now also over the table. They're jumping.Draco laughed and smiled towards Leevanna, whose back was against Pansy's chest as they danced seductively before the first girl bended her body a bit to start shaking her arse as the raven-haired held her waist laughing. The green-eyed's hand caught a crystal goblet and she drank it in once before throwing herself to Draco, surrounding his waist with her legs and neck with her arms as he holds her beneath."Nice show," he laughs and she nods smiling before leaving a kiss on his lips."The twins are here," she says in his ear for him to listen her better once she's standing on the floor again. "Lhu said they're the ones who have the Muggle-weed.""Want to give it a try?" He says raising an eyebrow before taking a glass of Firewhiskey to his mouth."You lead the path," she laughs taking another crystallised goblet from the drinks-table."Oi, little bitches!" Exclaims Theodore arriving next to Blaise, already hyped up because of all the alcohol which rolls all over the place. "Going directly to the big game, huh?""Want to give the vessel of victory a snort?" Leevanna laughs before lightning up a fag Blaise has just given to her."That's even a question?" Theo chuckled as he caught the package the green-eyed threw to him.The four began walking among the euphoric people who were jumping and dancing. Leevanna gave a drag to the fag before extending it to Draco, who did the same before giving it to Blaise."Mate, did you see her dance?! I've a stripper as a girlfriend!" laughed George as his hand lead the glass of whatever he's drinking to his mouth."The best part was when she threw it back to me, Weasley!" shrugged Daphne playfully making everyone laugh as George took off his middle finger playfully. "Here's my favourite one!" She said with a smile towards Leevanna."At your service, my dear friend!" The green-eyed laughed before greeting her with a kiss on each cheek. "Where's Pansy?!""Shagging with Blaise right there!" Lhu pointed a corner where the raven-haired and the dark-skinned were kissing desperately. "You go girl! Go for your man!""I swear he was just right here," said Theo pointing his side with his hands playfully. "Ayo, Fred, or whoever of the two you're, you have the sand?""In front of your eyes, Nott," smiled Fred giving him a tiny plastic bag. "Free because you beat our arses today!""Mate, I like you!" And both made a five-high laughing."Without resentment?" asked Draco towards the redhead who playfully made him wit to seconds as he 'thought' before hit fists. "Give me one," he said as he passed the side of his index finger up his nose to then ran his hands through his hair and looked at Leevanna. "You want one?" She nodded."If she ends in Peru without knowing a shite, is on you, mate," laughed Fred giving them another two little bags."Ayo, calm down, redhead!" Lhu exclaimed playfully, throwing her arms arounds George's neck and lunging herself into his lap as he lit a fag for then give it a long drag. "Let the two have their fun for one night!" She laughs in a fit of hysteria triggered by the infusion between the alcohol and nicotine within her.Fred looks at her as she lifts her hand and secured George's fag between her index and middle finger, tugging it from his mouth as he releases the smoke and she settled the paper tube between her indigo-coloured lips, dragging all the chemicals deep down into her system before pulling out the nicotine leaving just the ghost of the smoke before latching her lips to George's, whose heart pump with adrenaline and desire."Come," says Leevanna taking Fred's arm to lead him with the others. "You deserve the vessel of heaven, too," and she pulls him away from the couple, taking a few steps until they're with the rest."Fuck it, mate, such a picky you are," huffed Theodore making Draco took off his middle finger."I'm not letting my witch snort on a dirty table, you imbecile," the blond rolled his eyes before taking a silver tray to start making sand lines on it with the help of a poker card."Where's Lee?" Asks Fred towards Leevanna."Hanky-panking with Daphne over there," she laughs pointing the two with her index finger. The lion and serpent weren't actually doing anything, they were just dancing too close before—"Holy Salazar's cock!" Theo laughed seeing both of them join their blood-rushed lips as the lights reflected on their bodies. "I didn't see that coming! Let's see what's Finnigan's opinion!" And he made a microphone with his fist towards the middle of Pansy's thighs."Point another cunt, you stupid arsehole!" But she couldn't avoid laughing."It was the closest," shrugged Theo as his arm passed over Blaise's shoulders. "Mate, you're calculating the fucking longitude of the lines with a centimetre of fucking what?""How desperate," huffed Draco rolling his eyes. "Here, go you guys first, Leev and I next.""Why us at the end?" Asked the green-eyed frowning softly."I don't want for you to collide your pretty face with those sweaty of theirs," he said in her ear before suckling her earlobe softly."Malfoy, my underwear's thin today, stop," and she shuddered with a smile when his laugh collided with her skin."What the fuck are you waiting for?" The blond asked seeing his friends still chatting. "Want me to call fucking You-Know-Who to shove your fucking noses or what?""I swear to God, mate, are you in those days or fucking what? Vaughan, I admire you, this little brat's insufferable," chuckled Theo taking seat and bending over forcing his right nostril shut with his middle finger. His left nostril lines the sand under it, taking a deep breathe to start inhaling it, shifting his head forwards several inches to catch as much as he could, and, as he lifts his head when he finished, a grunt escape his throat.Blaise is the next one to do so, portraying his friend's action and closing his eyes when he finished as his head supported on the chair's back dealing with the sudden influx of the external, mesmerising powder in his insides.Fred is next. Authorizing the substance to colonize his bodies and fill him with a wave of electricity but drowsiness at the same time. The middle point between the complete exhilaration and total relax. He squeezes the bridge of his nose tightly and shakes his head violently, letting out a sudden cheer of delight break free from his mouth. Letting the feelings go away for that night.Pansy, beside him, coughs for small seconds, desperately trying to withstand the immense pressure establishing in her head. But then she tolerates the drug with ease, and her already black pupils shot with red spider webs."Fucking finally," chuckles Draco taking Leevanna's wrist to take her to the table.He sits her on one of his legs and mimicked the actions their friends had done moments earlier.His eyes rolled into the back of his head and his body allows his lips to emit a heavenly sigh, feeling all the electricity install in his insides, leaving him with all the relax and cloud effect in the entire world."Now you, love," he whispers in her ear. "Like a good girl for me, yeah?"And she doesn't waist any more seconds to make a made-shift ponytail with her hand.Feels the rushing influence of the soft drug course through her body, sailing upon her bloodstream like an adventurer on hazardous oceans she hasn't felt in a lot of time and didn't know she missed. Her hand releases her hair and she lets her head fall on the blond's shoulder.A storm brews within them. And they feel powerful, in control, and above all dazed.All the senses fade away, letting them being able to experience each sensation individuallyNeon lights are now dark-blue, sky-blue and crimson, reflecting in the crystals as they mix with one and other constantly, forming violet and fuchsia rays. The lights began to merge together again and again, morphing into a rainbow of flashes which dart across the people's eyes.She stands up and takes his hand when a new song started playing. He chuckles invaded for the fuzzy sensation as he stands up. The exhilaration of it all drives her to push through the crowded dance floor with him behind her as she moves her body, walking through the epicenter of the Slytherin common room.In the middle of all it, she has now her back against his chest as his frivolous hands run up and down her waist and thighs, past the short hem of her silver dress, immediately giving it at the touch her soft skin. Her head's leaned on his right shoulder and his nose'sbrushing the skin of her ear. Both with closed eyes as the sensual sway of her body invites him.And they are drowning. Happily.Into a cloud effect they wished not to get out and let the cruel reality hit them as demolition balls.And maybe it's better to lose battles.What matters, is the war.When the bomb explodes.Again. 

And she runs.Hides behind a marble column.Closes her eyes. Breathes. Opens her eyes.Keeps running.The place is full of house-elves adorning the ballroom for the gala tonight. Golden and black are this year's theme. Trays floating and new decorations do it too.She bumps with a few elves that ask her if she requires anything. Her head shakes every time before continue running.Now is behind another column.Sticks out her head to look back.He had the same idea.Looking every second, she slithers behind another one until she attains the one he was before.When she's about to snatch him, he isn't there.        Where's—She looks back for a second.His eyes meet hers.Both look straight again.She waits.One.Runs again."Hide and seek again?"A voice makes her turn. He's looking at her with a raised eyebrow and a playful grin. She nods smiling before accepting his signal to hide behind him when his steeps are near."Father," he says. "Have you seen—""Nope."Her lips tremble and has to press them to control herself."How d'you—""You're all sweaty, breathless, your hair's messy and your cheeks are red.""Oh," he breathed placing his hands on his hips to try and catch air."Aren't you a bit old for this?" Lucius raised an eyebrow. He tried to respond but his father cut him off shortly. "You're older, son, you've got duties and homework.""But I—""Homework."The blond snarled and whimpered lowly in objection before starting to walk towards the stairs.When she gets out from her hiding place, Lucius winked an eye at her making her chuckle.And she runs again.He, hearing her steps, swivelled to discover her laughing.   "Father!""What?" he raised his hands innocently.She laughed harder and took advantage of the open french doors that lead to the state gardens. When she was outside, she took off her ballet flats to feel the undergrowth on her feet and grabbed the skirt of her champagne-pink, off-shoulder, puff sleeve tulle gown before looking back.He was still chasing her.Suddenly she feels his hands around her waist before both fell in the pond making a great splash."Found you," he says when both get out from the water. She threw him water."You have homework, Malfoy," she laughs making him look at her poorly prior to throw her water.And they play on the pond for hours. They needed it. Be like before again. Laugh and smile without needing drugs or alcohol.They need to be just the two again.Draco and Leevanna had been at the Malfoy Manor since Christmas; the Malfoys had filled her with gifts, and she did the same with them. And Draco thought that the house had never been so full of warmth until she arrived.Many things had occurred all that time. Both had entered the Inquisitorial Squad as chiefs — he to annoy Potter and her to free the twins, Lhu and Lee of Umbridge's punishments and also to do whatever she pleased, as always.The obnoxious woman had taken all over the school, yes, but that didn't mean that she'd snatched all the fun — parties, mischiefs, riots and jokes that happened behind her back and she never found out about thanks to the blessing Obliviate spell.The green-eyed had saved her friends from Umbridge's hurtful quill — many times now — but she knew that luck was going to end soon.All was going to end soon.After a light lunch in the gardens, both were changed and reading."Draco," called his father, making him leave his book side after getting startled by the fright making Leevanna giggle softly."Yes, father?""Follow me," he nodded feeling how the black-and-white-haired raised her head from his chest and settled on the other edge of the couch to finish reading her book. He'd been laying on the sofa with her between his legs.The blond wondered what his father wanted while he followed him in complete silence, as always he was with him. He hadn't done anything wrong, had he? He had taken a walk with Leevanna through Wiltshire a couple of hours ago, but—He came out of his thoughts when he hit his head with a wall, he rebuilt quickly before his father realised it.When they entered his father's office — Draco quite anxious and with his hands trembling unnoticeably —, his father went to his desk and opened a drawer taking a small black velvet box out of it.Draco's body relaxed. He was not going to yell at him."She is special, isn't she?" he frowned confused by his father words. "Leevy," Draco nodded understanding as the blond man approached him. "Don't make the same mistakes as me..." he mumbled giving him the box — it had been very low, almost as if he had been talking to himself. "Now, go with your mother that I have things to do," and his tone was cold and distant again, the boy nodded and left the place.He opened the box curiously finding a ring inside it. He frowned.A ring? What the fuck was he going to do with a bloody ring?He has thousands of them and so does his witch but—"Oh, Draco, there you are," his mother said approaching as he closed the box still kind of confused. "Leevy is in your room waiting for you. In a few hours starts the whole thing, don't be late," she smiled and he nodded looking at one of the rings she wore — the one on her ring finger."Mum," he called her before she left. "Who gave you that ring?" the question made the woman raise her hand looking at the jewel he was referring to."Oh... Your father, when he proposed to me. His and mine, match," she said smiling nostalgically, then shook her head before she continued to ramble in her thoughts and left after her son nodded.       They match...And he wonders if what he is thinking is the right answer. It could be possibly a mistake, he doesn't know.Could be it? Was it the time already?But he doesn't know what — what he feels for her. He has Occlude so many times just to get her aroma out of his nostrils to try and be mad at her when they fought, that he doesn't know if his brain still functions correctly.There were just six months for them to turn seventeen and be practically adults in the magical world. It isn't much time to try and figure out what the hell is happening between the two.Both had been fighting like cat and dog for months. They just can't quit it.With every fight, it feels like a piece of his soul abandoning his body, that until he gets to have her between his arms or under him with his lips all over her body while he praises her.And, oh, he knows she enjoys it.It wasn't to much pressure though? Too soon? Too fast?Why they just couldn't have more time to try and figure out their 'thing'? They need more time to decipher what they want to do with the other a part of fighting and yelling and destroying.But this is Pureblood culture and socialite. They don't bloody care if they need more time. They just want something to talk about or maybe judge.And he doesn't even know if she—"What's that?" Leevanna said snapping him out of his thoughts seeing the box when he arrived at the room."Something my father gave me," he replied leaving the box on a table next to the books they had been reading before and feeling how she wrapped him with her arms from behind — she loved to do that.She, herself, had started doing it a few weeks ago and now she did it most of the time. And he wouldn't complain, he loved feeling her tiny arms surround him and her cheeks against his back."We have a couple of hours until dinner, y'know?" She said playfully, standing on tippy toes to be able to reach his ear — though she just reached his neck."What are you suggesting, filthy little girl?" He said turning to look at her with a raised eyebrow. She shrugged her shoulders sliding her hands through his chest. "Look at me when I'm talking to you.""Yes, sir," she replied, making him laugh before spanking her and tightening her plump ass attracting her to him."Turn around," he demanded and she obeyed. "Raise your arms," he muttered in her ear.She did what he indicated and closed her eyes when she felt his great hands sliding up her thighs until they took the edge of her huge sweater.He raised the fabric caressing the skin of her abdomen with his knuckles until he finished removing the sweater leaving it on the floor. His hands surrounded her waist and tightened her against him while his lips kissed her shoulder skin.Fuck's sake, he loved her skin.And he loves being the only one who could touch her that way, the only one who could make her feel good.She took her head back, placing her hands above his over her belly while her skin was bristling. A breathy gasp breaks free from her lips when his left hand grabbed her ass again, squeezing it a little and possessively."You like that, little girl?" He asked in her ear; his breath made her shudder as she nodded. "Tell me what you want.""I want..." she breathed. "I want you to spank me...""Hands," he demanded and she took her hands behind her back feeling how he tied them with his black tie. "Now... You better be quite... We don't want anyone to listen, don't we?" He told her in her ear and she gulped.They'd heard the house filling with voices on the first floor a few seconds ago, and there wasn't time to cast a Muffliato spell."Yes, sir," she breathed nodding.Draco took her wrists and pulled her to the desk, where, with his forearm, he pushed all things from above so that he could lay her on her naked abdomen.He took the edges of her leggings and crouched down to lower them until they were on the floor next to her underwear. His hands slid up one of her legs and he left a soft kiss on one butt cheek. She closed her eyes with her cheek against the cold desk's wood.Draco stood up and pulled out his belt to then held it in his hands before giving a soft blow on her skin that made her gasp lowly.He smirked.Another blow.She pressed her forehead against the desk's wood biting her lip to try to drown her soft groans in her throat.Another blow.The yearning between her thighs growing.She let out a soft groan from her lips without being able to avert it anymore. She drowned a gasp when he hit her a bit harder."Not a single sound," he demanded.She nodded pressing more her forehead to the desk and biting her lip hard.He let the belt fall from his hand and took her hips tightly, holding her still.He put one hand on her arse before giving it a blow making her back bow, then he gave another. She made fists with her hands and pressed her open mouth against the desk when one of his fingers began to slide along her cunt."Always so wet for me," he said under his breath and near to her ear.His middle finger made its way until he reached her clit, where he began to caress linearly, delighting with the image of her trying to silence her moans.He began to caress her clit faster, making circular movements on it and using some pressure on it. She closed her eyes by biting her lower lip when his fingers accelerated their movements; moans drowned inside her throat.His fingers slid from top to bottom by brushing her entrance — taunting it.He began to stroke her clit circularly and quickly again as she released her lower lip, pressing her forehead hard against the desk to not whimper.Without prior notice, he sank a finger into her, making drown a soft moan in the back of her throat.She loves when he catches her out of guard.He introduced another finger inside her.He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, seeing her squirm in pleasure trying not to moan highly. His fingers began to go in and out of her faster.The blond introduced his fingers deeper, reaching her most sensitive point, then his thumb began to pay attention to her clit. His large middle and ring fingers inside her thrusted the as deep as they could, nudging something inside her with his yolks as if he tried to push a wall of concrete down.In and out.In and out.Pushing and pumping.Her slick walls began to adjust around his fingers and her fluids lubricated and wetted even more her cunt.Draco took his fingers out of her when he felt that her orgasm was about to explode.He unleashed the tie from her hands quickly and gave her a spank before taking her by the waist to turn her around. Now she was facing him.She arched her back and took her hands up from her head as he lowered his pants. He took her hips hard and pressed the tip of his thick and hard cock against her clit."Please..." she breathed as lowly as she could against his lips."Please what?"Her back arched."Please fuck me like the little slut I am..." she breathed against his lips.And she didn't have to ask him twice.She felt the head of his cock tease her wet entrance and her eyes widened when he entered his tip inside her.Her back bowed forward and her tiny hands grabbed his arms as she bit her lip trying not to wail loudly. Instinctively, Leevanna pushed up against him, entering the half of his hard cock inside her as her warm and already tight walls wrapped around him."No sound, little girl," he muttered against her face before he thrusted her, letting all his cock enter her.Her back arched and her legs pressed the sides of his torso.One of his hands reached below them and he pushed her hip out further, trying to open her more for him. She clenched around him and he started to pant lowly.The pain mixed with the pleasure was so beautiful.She leaned her back on the desk wood again and arched her back; one of her arms flexed on the side of her face and the other over her head also in the same way.His thrusts became deeper and deeper, causing her hips to clash with hers repeatedly.Her small body lifted a little every time he entered it. Each thrust was hard, wild, rough and without a pinch of mercy for her tightness.His thick tip pushing something inside her, hitting just the right spot, just like his fingers had done moments ago.One of his hands went down her belly until he found her moist and swollen clit, and his fingers punished it with a quick pace as his cock pounded her roughly and violently.A small sound escaped from her lips, like a purring that made him go crazy.He placed his hand over her mouth to silence her.She drowned her loudly groan in her throat and he took his hand out of her mouth to support both of his hands on her hips.One of her arms slid up the table, unintentionally pushing a bowl of wood with things to the floor when she arched her back as she drowned a moan. She covered her mouth with both hands as she tried to silence her laughter when she heard the noise she'd made.He pressed his lips, trying to chuckle lowly as he lowered his gaze to then look back at her.She panted and moaned as lowly as she could as he let escape a drowned and strangled groan from his lips; a sound that for her was the most beautiful ever.Both pressed their foreheads as they felt one of the most intense orgasms they would experiment that day spasm inside their bodies as the bright flashes of a supernova exploding. ༄ Draco stared at the small ring his father had given him. He had already deciphered which of his rings was that it was matching. He turned his gaze listening to a pair of heels resonate from the top of the staircase. Leevanna.He smiled helplessly.Why she had to be so damn glorious?She was wearing a black, strapless, mermaid, detachable, satin gown that had golden stains on the top of it. Half of her hair was messily up and a fine golden tiara decorated her head.When she reached the last step, he took her by the hand and left a kiss on it to start walking towards the ballroom."See we're matching, Mr Malfoy," her eyebrow jolt up playfully. He was wearing a black suit with a golden tie."Funny," he narrowed his eyes in amusement making her laugh before rolling her eyes."The couple of the season!" greeted Ashton's familiar voice with extended arms."We're not dating," William mocked Leevanna's voice making her face grow rosy of rage and her eyes to narrow."Have I told you that you look like a marshmallow when you get angry?" chuckled Draco making the two laugh and her turn with a shocked face."You're on their side?" she shrieked pointing her cousin and friend."Of course he's on our side," said Liam surrounding Draco's shoulders with his arm. "Everyone makes fun of you, marshmallow.""Don't call me marshmallow!""Marshmallow," muttered Ashton in the blond's ear as he nodded grinning."And where are your witches?" Leevanna raised an eyebrow ending the fun of the two, who looked at each other."Nasty game you play, Vaughan," Ashton shook his head in disappointment. "Where's my cousin, by the way?""She isn't here?" asked Draco and Leevanna frowning."Nope," said Liam. "Her parents yes, but no sign of her," Leevanna nodded confused. "My aunt?""You're asking me?" she raised an eyebrow.Leevanna's parents had decided not to assist — Nicholas had decided — and instead go to a party in France. The girl was not surprised though, she didn't care if they came or not. She'd been happy even when she found out.The gala passed regularly. Ashton and William stayed with Draco and Leevanna — bothering the second one and getting to know the first mentioned.People approached the group to ask questions they certainly preferred to avoid but certainly couldn't. William, Leevanna's cousin, had recently been spotted with a Beauxbatons' girl and the old witches didn't stop asking for the wedding's date of what had been a quick fuck Skeeter'd had caught in the act. Ashton, Lhu's cousin, was being pressured for the older wizards at the recent news of his duty at the Onley-Wales' company — thing that he'd been avoiding for months.On another note, Draco and Leevanna were smiling awkwardly when questions about their relationship came afloat."Such a beautiful couple.""Your babies are going to be mesmerising and so talented.""Amazing witch you've got there, young boy.""Now, dear, your wedding—"       And stop — babies?Leevanna blinked several times and shook her head lightly with a smile. "Pardon me, but did you say babies?"The two old witches making her company laughed."Of course dear, you're going to be a wife, sure you have thought some names," said one with silver hairs between her brunette.No, she hasn't. She's sixteen."You're a bit overweight though, you're eating healthy, right, dearest?" asked the one with complete silver hair while her eyes travelled all Leevanna's body.She — she was what?It wasn't possible — was she really overweighted? She hadn't noticed — the last time she was fine — she —"What's that you plan to study, dear?""Er— A-Alchemy and to be Minister—""But with the babies she has no time, Lenore," said the half-brunette and Lenore nodded."Minister, sweetheart?" the woman asked. "That's so men-like, but as you please I guess..."Leevanna smiled uncomfortably and still confused. The two old witches kept talking about her future and what she should do.Had she said something wrong? Was it bad to have aspirations? And — again — was she overweighted?Nobody had said anything — her gowns fit perfectly — or not? Did she look bad?"I— I-if you excuse me," and she tries not to run or drink six glasses in one. Her hand has around her star necklace, holding it tightly and trying to breathe.Draco, who had been answering questions next to Blaise and William, asked for permission to retire when his witch's hair caught his attention.His eyes shifted to the witches she'd been talking to and saw them murmuring to each other while looking in Leevanna's direction. He formed a line with his lips before starting to walk towards her.And the two witches interrupted."Ah, Draco," said Lenore grinning. He did it for courtesy. "We were just talking with Miss Vaughan.""Did you know she wants to study Alchemy?" Helena, the brunette, frowned in disapproval. "And to be Minister of Magic, goodness me.""She's gained weight since last time and just wears black — such depressive colour—""Leevanna can be and study whatever she wants," Draco cut her off. "And she hasn't gained weight, she's perfect," he said bitterly. "And aren't you a bit prehistoric to be talking about a young bird? Sounds like jealously," the two witches blinked. "And, Lenore, isn't your husband cheating? Sure you should worry about that instead of talking about my witch," the woman opened her mouth outraged. "Now, if you may excuse me, I shall retire."Without waiting response, he rushed to find his Leevanna as soon as possible.His feet guided him to the last time's passageway, where he found her breathing heavily and seated on the floor.She was having a panic attack.Those fucking witches..."Leevy," he muttered crouching down in front of her. "Look at me, love, breathe.""I— I c-can't—" she gasped whispering and with her gaze lost. "Babies— I— I can't— I don't— want to— I— I'm overweighted— I— I can't— breathe— I...""Leevy," he calls and her eyes finally meet his. "You're perfect, okay? You aren't overweighted or shite like that. You can be and study whatever you want, I'm going to be there, yeah?" she nodded jerkily. "You're my witch, the others don't matter, okay?" she nodded again. "Now, do what I."He takes air deeply and she follows his action before exhaling slowly. Her hand slowly loosening her grip around the pendant.His thumb wiped her tears away before his hand slid to intertwine his fingers with her curls to leave a kiss on her forehead."I think we can miss the rest of the gala," he whispered pressing their fronts. "You want to leave?""I thought you'd never ask," she chuckled making him laugh.He sighed helping her to get up. "Mipsy!""Yes, sir?" said the elf."Tell mum we're retiring, yeah?" Mipsy nodded. "And that her gown's beautiful," Mipsy nodded one more time before snapping her fingers and disappearing. "So, to the Library or—""Actually, I have something to show you," she smiled making him frown. "Just— let's go to your room and I'll tell you."He surrounded her waist with his arm and both began walking towards the stairs to climb them. Already in the blond's room and with the door closed, she flicked her wand to changer her gown to a kind of gothic, off-shoulder, lantern, mesh sleeve, short-length dress."What?" she asked seeing him leave his coat on the bed."Your clothes fit a doll," he chuckled and she looked at him poorly.Her hands rummaged a small bag she had until she found a small box where a Time-Turner was."Is that — how did you—""Take my hand," Leevanna told him smiling after placing the necklace around her neck, he looked at her confused but did it anyway. "Do you trust me?""Don't ask that question again," he answered her in a serious tone making her laugh."You like chocolate, right?" He placed a strand of hair behind her ear nodding and she smiled at him holding his hand tightly.Both twisted and Apparated in Switzerland.They were in the centre of the city when fireworks began to illuminate the sky filling it with colours while people celebrated the beginning of a new year.Just in time."What the—" he said confused and quite sure that the new year was still one hour away."It's called 'time zone' or something," she said laughing."We're in the Muggle world?" He asked looking around, seeing all the people hug and laugh."Yes," she said nodding and injecting herself with courage. She bit her lower lip not wanting to look at his reaction, but she did it, she turned her head and looked at him.She wasn't sure about what she has planned.She wasn't sure about anything.She analysed his reaction carefully, seeing a slight hesitation. The uncertainty about what they are doing.She reached for his hand, squeezing it tight.His fingers flexed against hers in her hand, almost nervously as he pulled her closer. She squeezed again, glancing sideways at him at last before pulling him and starting to walk.Since when both held hands? They didn't know.But, for that night, they turned off that part of their brains that questioned every single thing they did.Soon enough, they're weaving through the people along sidewalks.He was a little scared and anxious about being in the Muggle world and being so close to non-magical people, but when she took his hand he relaxed feeling the anxiety going away slowly. And the calm in his eyes was as clear as a wall of ice."They say Swiss chocolate is the best," she said with a smile guiding him to a small and colourful store on the corner of a street, where Canopies of Christmas lights hang from above, like stars, the entire place, filled with sweets and gifts and wonders. She'd gotten Muggle money from each country she'd planned to go.This was meant to be an escape. For both of them.An escape from all the things that they had been through the year. All the fights and everything.An escape before the storm.She'd asked Severus to help her with the underage magic thing and the Time-Turner. Although he first had refused to let her go to other countries alone and be near Muggles, he'd helped her and talked with some connections he had inside The Ministry to not have problems if she used her magic. But he'd warned her that she needed to be extremely careful about when and where she used her wand — he'd repeated it to her so many times that she cast a Muffliato spell on herself to not listen to him anymore.A while later, both were in a square eating chocolate while they saw the fireworks illuminate the sky with colours. Swiss chocolate was certainly the best shit in the entire world. They had eaten and drunk a lot of it, they had even bought more."Where do you want to go next?" He looked at her with a frown.There was more?Well, with both of them always was more."Um... China?""Here we go," she said taking the Time-Turner before also surrounding his neck with the chain. "If here is half-past twelve..." and she began to turn it.Suddenly all their surroundings started to go back until the sun falls completely again.Leevanna made sure nobody was seeing before grabbing Draco's hand and twisted and Apparated."Happy Chinese New Year, Draco," she said laughing when it dialled 12, again. They were in the middle of the carnival.He laughed rolling his eyes before kissing her and then continuing to see the show, which was awesome by the way.He saw her keep the Time-Turned in her bag again before looking up."Look, a Chinese dragon!" She said, pointing to the huge figure that was passing among all the people who were in the carnival.He smiled helplessly seeing her excitement."What is that?" He asked seeing a couple of people thrown paper lamps in the air with rare symbols written on the paper.Leevanna fixed her gaze to where he was staring at."Oh, people write good intentions and desires and then throw them into the air or something like that, it's a tradition I think," she told him before he pulled her by the wrist and took her to the place like an excited child. "You don't even know how to write in Chinese, Draco," she told him laughing once a man had given them the lamps."No, but there are the letters," he said with a smile pointing to a poster with the translation. She laughed rolling her eyes and seeing him concentrate on every line he drew.She found it the tenderest thing in the world to see him there, smiling like a child and getting frustrated when he didn't understand how to draw a letter. She grabbed what looked like a brush and soaked it in the black ink on her side to start writing.She knew exactly what she wanted to wish."Don't even think about telling me what you put on or else it's not true," she interrupted him before he could speak."I wasn't going to do it either," he said shooting his eyes before taking her by the wrist and leading her to the place where people threw the paper lamps and a man who was there helped them put fire inside them to rise."Holy shite, this burns," she panted trying not to throw the paper to the ground. He laughed.Both raised them at the same time and stood looking at the sky for a moment watching the magical show of the sky being filled with thousands of lamps. Giving them a show of little stars which have on them the deepest and beautiful wishes that give the people the hope of everything being magic.And is more than beautiful, being there with your eyes locked in the sky, like you are hypnotised by it, feeding your soul with the idea of being under the most magical landscape. The sensation of feeling complete just because you know there are other beings who are thinking they could make their wishes come true, and you hope, you pray for them and for your own.And all you can feel is happiness, each drop individually sneaking through your body.But what is happiness?Basically, it is a lasting satisfaction, a well-being, a feeling of plenitude that overwhelms all else and an inner peace that makes the impossible seem plausible, the difficult accessible, the mundane gratifying and life satisfying. Happiness is a tough word, tough to conceive, tough to feel, tough to grasp, tough to achieve, low in our daily priorities and many times unappreciated or relegated to the bottom drawer of our lives. It is within us and it has more to do with the decision to be happy than with happenstance.For some people, they found happiness in work, arts, sports or even philanthropy, religion or atonement. Because happiness has various dimensions for everybody.It could be sharing a piece of chocolate with your friends where you fight over a bite. Or maybe writing on your balcony while the sky paints a mesmerising twilight as you drank a cup of chocolate tea. It could be being silent and listening to the sky cry in an incessant sway of wind.Now, for Leevanna? If you had asked her a year ago, she would say happiness is an ethereal sensation, just useless hope. That if she needed something which could maybe be similar, as a placebo, would be finally free and enjoying herself inside her empire of ice as the only warmth that could fill her is the hot breath of the chocolate sliding through her body. Maybe laying on the grass and caressing the soft wings of the coloured flowers knowing that she is in a perpetual sensation of peace. Be able to forgive herself.If you ask her now, she would tell you that is this moment in when her green iris meets her lover's blue-grey, knowing she is with a person who could make her ice melt with a simple look and she won't complain about it. Or maybe his hands in her hair with his clothes in her room and his voice as a familiar sound. Knowing that nothing lasts forever and her brain turns off all the alarms giving her a feeling she isn't familiar with. Being his star and letting him give her all which are his.On the other hand, happiness for Draco Malfoy? If you had asked him a year or so ago, he would have told you that happiness is just a placebo with you could fill the constant torment inside him. And a sensation which could be for him closer to complete happiness, would be him with his mum when he was younger. Both laughing and laughing under the crying sky as she tells him that she loves him with all her heart, as she asks him to forgive her for things that are not her fault. Eating desserts she makes as they read or simply just hugging her and leaving a kiss on her forehead.If you ask him now, he would tell you that happiness is seeing his mum smiling next to a girl who warms his insides with just a simple touch. Seeing both of them laughing as they drink tea under the spring skies. Hearing the voice of a green-eyed girl who removed his life like an earthquake. Tangled up with her all night and burning everything down. Laying with her on the snow or grass and seeing the stars decorating the sky. Knowing she won't go anywhere and letting his barriers fall when she looks at him. Giving her all his stars and covert her into his one and only until eternity.Because happiness is a decision of life and not the result of fortune or luck. It isn't smiling every day, is feeling complete with your own self and being with the people who help in making you a better version of yourself every day.France, Germany, Peru, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Italy and now Brazil.They hadn't reached midnight in all — because Leevanna wasn't sure about keep using the Time-Turner and Draco agreed —, since both were distracted by anything they saw, but that wasn't the goal, so it didn't matter.But seeing the colours of fireworks in the sky, seeing people's joy, trying new food, buying fun masks, and taking photos with those rare Muggle artefacts, did matter.That was the whole point of the little surprise she had planned.Draco looked at her with a smile, seeing how she learned to dance that strange Muggle dance with a lady. She had done the same in Peru with that strange music the musicians played with rare instruments."Come!" She called him laughing once she got used to the steps, he denied with his head making her shoot her eyes in amusement. The people nearby had made a circle around her while dancing and they animated or joined her.Draco thought that her smile made the other people happy, even the couple who had been fighting all the time that they were there, had joined her.She always made other people soften.Even Draco.But she could whatever she wanted with him.A lady approached Leevanna and tied a dark pink bow next to a pendant of a closed hand on her wrist, she looked at her with a soft frown and a smile while the lady took Draco's wrist pulling him to the centre of the circle to be with her.   "Que o teu amor prospere, linda menina! Eles são almas gêmeas!""What did she say?" He asked her taking her waist while she had her hands on his chest and denied laughing. "What if they made us Muggle voodoo?" She laughed harder before pulling him by his shirt and bringing their lips together.Draco stopped thinking and pulled her closer.That girl was the death of him.But he would never complain.She is his star."Don't ever dress like this again," she said; both of them were in a small white motorboat driven by a boy heading to a private island that was owned by the girl's parents secretly — as a place to be secure and hid if they were discovered for their actions — and was also named after the girl.Draco took a look at his clothes: the sleeves of his black shirt were folded up to the middle of his forearm, he had black pants and he didn't wear a coat or blazer, his hair was messy too."What's wrong with my clothes?""You look very dishy and everyone's going to look at you," she replied feeling how laughter appropriated him. He began to give her small kisses on her neck tickling her and making her laugh."Nós chegamos," Leevanna frowned, the boy remembered that she wasn't native. "Here, gorgeous," although his pronunciation was strange, Draco understood perfectly, stopped kissing Leevanna's neck and looked at the boy with a serious countenance about to kill him. ༄ "There was no need to punch him," Leevanna huffed and took off her shoes to walk in the sand after the boy left faster than he came, Draco also took off his shoes.He glared her with narrowed eyes."You. Are. Mine.""I. Am. Yours," she laughed holding his wrist and pulling him up to walk. Both stopped in front of a beautiful house full of window-walls.The beach house was certainly beautiful. With black wood decorations and rustic but modern air. Plants and flowers falling everywhere as stars giving it an air of a fairytale village.Once they arrived at the main room, she kept their wands in a drawer next to the small bag she had bought to put everything they had bought — she had even had to use an Undetectable Extension Charm because there were too many things — with the first she had inside.He walked towards the beach while taking out his shirt and unzipped his pants. She bit her lower lip smiling before going to wash her face quickly and then following him.Well, she hadn't had that on the list of things they were going to do, but she wasn't complaining.She would never complain.She, after also taking off her clothes, went into the water until she reached him and surrounded him from behind, the water reaching up to the middle of her abdomen."Let's stay here forever," he told her intertwining his hands with her's on his abdomen."We don't even have clothes for tomorrow."He laughed pulling her by the de wrist attracting her closer and then place one of her strands behind her ear and kiss her lips possessively. She clung to him standing on tippy toes on the sand and intertwining her fingers between his blond hair.He took her by the waist and then raised her making her surround his waist with her legs.They definitely couldn't spend a second without jumping over the other.But that time felt... Different.In a good way, but different.It wasn't like the little affair they had before the Christmas dinner or the ones before. It wasn't careless or rough, caressing of feelings, it was... They didn't know what was this feeling in their bodies, it was new and it feely beyond good.Draco's lips were looking for Leevanna's hungry and desperate. She moaned softly between his lips feeling how he pulled her closer.This kiss feels like feelings, real ones. The ones they had tried to escape for so long. This kiss is they sharing trust and commitment, hopes and dreams they hadn't express with anyone else. Is the secrets they had kept and now are facing the sunlight. Is promising to make it last forever but knowing that it could end.A few minutes later, after they left the beach, both were in bed. Draco positioned himself among Leevanna's flexed legs, beginning to leave kisses inside her thigh listening to her release small moans.He looked for her lips passing his fingerprints through her waist and hips. And she is burning, letting her empire of ice melt at the fire his touch is, warming her coldblooded body with his hands, which caress every single pore of her being. She arched her back while he kissed her neck leaving bruises on her skin. Draco grabbed her neck while kissing her lips, she bit his lower lip as she always did taking him from his neck to attract him more to her."Spread your thighs," he ordered her and she instantly obeyed feeling how he slowly passed his fingers up her legs until he reached her belly and slowly lowered them finding her swollen clit. He began to make slow circles, torturing her and making her moan on his lips while she arched her back.This kind of glitter that is sliding throughout their bodies isn't filled with the guilt they had felt the first times, the regret of not being able to make front to their desires and stop them.This doesn't feel like that.His warm breath hit her face sending electricity all over her body. He placed a kiss on her belly still making circles on her clit."Draco..." she moaned tightening the sheets under her. "Fuck," she whimpered.He knew exactly how to take her to the edge in a couple of minutes."You look so fucking beautiful right now," he said kissing her lips. He took his middle finger gliding it between her two lips down there as she arched her back in pleasure feeling his finger sank inside her slowly.And a current tears up their within, it's as if an explosion just happened inside their bloodstreams reaching their minds. The coloured spots blurring their consciences and letting all the ice melt and the barriers to fall, making all the shades that were hiding burn in the pleasure causing their vulnerability to make their minds connect. The blond left kisses from her jawline to her neck then passing to her chest and breasts, which he licked and kissed until he left purple marks. His teeth biting her nipples softly and nipping her soft and tender skin. His wet and blood-rushed ribbons and bows his lips are, caress the fragile memories inside the scars he finds.He entered one more finger making her moan high and tighten the sheets hard. The blond introduced his fingers deeper, almost reaching her most sensitive point, then his thumb began to trail until it reached her clit again to start massaging it.Her hips started bucking softly against his hand.He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, listening to her delirious moans of pleasure. His fingers began to go in and out of her faster.He took his fingers out of her and went down to her belly, leaving kisses until he kissed her core, causing her to shudder.He approached her waist with his mouth at the level of her core using his tongue to slowly lick her sensitive skin, she arched her back in pleasure tightening the sheets even stronger if possible. His tongue soon found her pulsating clit and started massaging it slowly and tortuous. Her thighs started to slowly wrap around his head in a way to tell him that he was right in the right place.His tongue dug deeper and slid through her wet cunt until he reached her entrance. His cold hands grabbed her thighs while he ate her effortlessly making her groan. He was sucking, nipping and digging his tongue deeper inside her. His rings pressing her skin. Her stomach began to twist while her legs trembled.He stopped immediately and allowed his lips to travel across her thighs, leaving little promises and new memories over the fine lines which paint her skin. He climbed back onto the bed positioning himself again between her legs. Both looked into their eyes before gathering their lips together in a breathy kiss.The act of sexual intercourse doesn't feel like a careless thing, is actually this sensation that nips every part of their beings, letting them delight ad they explore the other's body, mind and heart. Sharing a  seriously intimate connection between the two.Her hands passed across the skin of his chest from bottom to top until she reached his neck. Then she tangled her hands between it and pulled him closer to kiss him again.It was a desperate, hungry kiss but passionate at the same time.Why were they being so gentle with each other? They didn't know.For the first time, the goal isn't just look for physical pleasure, they are not merging their physical needs and body parts with the other partner just because the prize is having a blowing mind orgasm to release the ghosts inside them.This feels like — like feeling."May I?" he breathed against her lips."Fucking yes," she chuckled gasping making him smile before he kissed her again.Draco rubbed his tip against her entrance, causing her goosebumps. His breathing soon also turned heavy. Without hesitation, he pounded her completely, taking her breath away for a second.No matter how many times passed, she still didn't get used to his size.A ragged moan left her lips as her back arched.He pumped gently inside her a few times to get her used to it, after a few seconds he gradually accelerated, but not at the point of making the bed clatter.It felt like absolute magic.He supported his hand on the headboard before thrusting her again.Their mouths were open, barely touching, moaning softly in the other's mouth while they looked at each other's eyes. He bowed his head to her neck and bit her shoulder's skin before pressing their foreheads together again and kissing her passionately.It was a mixture of pleasure, desire and pain.It was feeling every sensation individually and merging them together in a dance of desire.Draco pounded her over and over again letting go a few soft groans from his lips. Thing that made her smile before a moan escaped her lips.His hips pressing hers as his thrusts became deeper.He gently sat her on him so as not to hurt her and left kisses on her neck making her moan. Leevanna clung to him, digging her nails on his back and scratching it. She let escape deliriant moans from her lips doing small jumps on him clinging to him while he wrapped her with his arms kissing her neck and jawline.He took her hips guiding her movements as he left to escape a soft growl of his blood-rushed lips.He loved that position, he could see her perfectly. Every reaction she had, every moan that escaped her plump lips, how her eyes closed feeling every moment as she jumped slowly and deep.Her arms surrounded his neck pulling him closer feeling her walls starting to tighten around his hard member.Leevanna felt how a volcano exploded inside her making her see stars sending currents throughout her body causing her to cling closer to him not wanting to separate.Lust took over both while he came inside while he kissed her. Draco embraced her hard feeling how she entangled her fingers between his hair while letting escape soft moans from her lips.Their minds connected, their souls dancing with each other in a mortal desire of possession, the internal promises and the sensation of feeling for the first time all the colours of the rainbow accompanied the fragile shells their bodies are. Merging themselves in a tangled mess of one being.And he remembers what Leevanna said months ago, about being in front of the explosion of a supernova.This feels like it.The colours. The heat. Freedom.He looked her in the eye and placed one of her strands behind her ear. He took a mental photograph of her face: rosy cheeks, semi-open full red lips, her entangled hair next to her cheeks and her sparkling eyes full of desire. God, he... Needed her? No, that wasn't the word, it approached, but it wasn't.He didn't know how to call the situation of worrying about her beyond all rationality and wanting her to have everything and whatever she wanted, no matter how much it destroyed him giving it to her.No matter how fast they were going, how much speed there was between them.He did not how to call the feeling that invaded his body every time they fought, feeling how the air lacked seeing her walk out the door.Get so stressed and turn their eyes blank by anger, yelling to the point of crying and then kissing.How he felt when she caressed his hair with those tiny hands of hers when he had a bad day and just needed her close. How his body relaxed at her touch that he felt exposed and vulnerable at her.How his eyes watered when she whispered that he made her smile even if she was angry as they spent hours in the bathtub after he had a bad day. The little whispers which seemed to be Northern Lights dancing throughout his body as she made him feel better.The way her sweet voice made him smile when he heard it. Her beautiful and hypnotising laugh every time she laughed for some dark-humoured comment she had made.Seeing her so peacefully reading in front of the fireplace as she sipped her hot chocolate and then passed her tongue across her lower lip.Her cheeks and nose became rosy as she smiled when she played under the snow to then jump to hug him and leave a soft kiss on his lips — just when they were alone. With no one else around them and feeling free.The way her eyes sparkled in such joy when she talked about flowers and her loved magical creatures or books.How her nose crunched softly when something bothered her and the way she frowned when she was frustrated. The childish whims she did when she did not understand something or how to do it.The way her fingers seemed to be playing the piano when she was bored. How her hands moved when she was writing those beautiful poems she wrote — he had read some of them with her permission — or when she was painting.The little jumps she gave when she did something right before she ran towards her godfather, Lhu, Luna or Draco and explained her excitement.The way she bit down her lip or did a pout.How her hair floated thanks to the wind and caressed her face before she huffed trying to make it go away.Her laughs and happiness when she heard some music she liked and started jumping or moving her body according to the rhythm. The sound of her voice as she hummed or sang.How she enjoyed rain so much that once she made him dance with her under it as she smiled endlessly — which made him chuckle.The rosy colour on her cheeks before she turned completely red when she was embarrassed.Her glorious Diamond Tears which he wanted to make last forever. Fighting to breathe internally as her sobs burn his body leaving him with the worst of the punishments bit the beat feeling of it. Because her weakness was pretty, all of it, for much strange it sounded, for him, her weakness and ice melting was the most alluring and hypnotising things in the world.He could spend hours talking about her and the ways she had to things or little details he had noticed about her and do not get bored or tired of it at all.She was the most important thing, his everything, what worried him every day — he despised it, but he could not help it and... And he was starting to love that.He was willing to give his soul for her if necessary, to live for and for her if she asked him, although she did not even have to ask. He was willing to promise her all the things in the world because he wanted to do so.The feeling he felt every time he caressed her body and smelled her calming and sweet aroma, the feeling that caused him to see her laugh.She was cold, very coldblooded.He knew it.But he also knew the reason.He did not know about all her traumas — she had told her about a few ones tho and they were just horrible, all the things her father had done to her... There wasn't a word to describe how shocking and outrageous they were —, but when she got lost in her memories it just hurt him so much.He had also discovered why in her first years at Hogwarts she did not let anybody touch her. Why she had worn gloves all her first year and why she wore them in some stations of the year.And that had destroyed him — every single part of his being.He had kissed her hands and body after that, every single pore, without missing anything. He would always love all her body, the scars even — he had kissed them, too. He kissed them every time he could.When she had cried and talked about the things she had been forced to do, see and deal with... He had felt beyond angry — there was not a word to describe how he had felt as he hugged her tightly, whispering that she was safe now, that she would never suffer those things never again. He would not let it happen. She did not deserve it.She had her softy side too and it was certainly beautiful; seeing her blush when he said to her that she looked pretty.Her eyes still had that coldness, like millions of ice floes being thrown every time you looked at her... But he knew it was just a façade.It was a way to kill her sadness.And he would never question that.He knew she felt save with him, it showed in her eyes.But the problem was that he did not know if she was truly feeling that. He knew someone could perfectly reflect something but feel something else.But for his side... "By the Gods! You love her... Don't you?" Asked Lhu excited when she found him caressing her hair while she was sleeping in the common room making him frown as he made both's homework. He what? Love? What was love? He hadn't grown up in a house with 'love'. His father was the kind of faith person who didn't have a long conversation, and his mother lived to please him even if he made her cry. Was that love? No? So what was it? With Leevanna, he felt at home, so he wasn't. Having her close caused him an inexplicable feeling of warmth.For Leevanna... Gods... For her, he feels. He literally feels.He doesn't know how to call it. But Merlin's sake, he would do whatever for her, no matter what is it. He would simply do it. He would live for her.And, oh, their constellation?She is his whole fucking cosmos. Every star of it, every planet, moon or nebulous. She's every single thing.His air and freedom. His smile and tears. His hate and love. His anger and his calm.And he will marry her. Not just because society and their obligations as heirs. He wants to fucking marry her. To make her his Queen. To give her everything.How foolish he is. When have you seen a dangerous dragon fall for its owner? What a dangerous and burning game indeed. One of them can burn, the other can kill.And maybe he would let her kill him.Forget the maybe — he will let her.She passionately kissed him surrounding his neck with her arms laughing gently and playing with his hair while he smiled at her.Love.Maybe... Maybe Lhu was right... Maybe...

Leevanna looked at him for a moment, they were still in Brazil.Draco was still asleep, his blond platinum hair fell gently on his forehead brushing his eyelids, his soft pink lips parted, his button nose, his cheeks...The sun from the beach was taunting with reach the rest of the bed. Waves so melodious caressing the sand. Salty aroma floating with the humidity of the air. The sky is so sky-blue and no pieces of cotton are there to obstruct the golden.And she remembers how much she hated the beach until this moment.Maybe... Just maybe...She wanted to make that precise moment last eternally, for infinity. Keep them there and froze time.Everything felt so calm... So right.It was perfect.If only it had lasted a few more time...But all the good has its end — and their good was too perfect to be true. It was a fairytale that didn't seem to have an end but you are already on the last page, reading every word slowly and trying to let the magic remain.When she was a child, she used to read fairytales to escape reality. One word per minute if it was possible. They were her safe place. Full of magic and happy endings.She used to cry so loud when her fingers passed the page to reach the end. Refused to keep reading. Hated everyone in the story for not making it last longer. What was supposed to happen after the Price Charming rescues the girl from her pain? They kiss and that was it? Happily ever after?According she grew up, she understood nobody was going to tell her what happens after. So she read more books — not only the happy ones — trying to figure out what was supposed to be a correct ending.She never found it.Some books were too sad and never ended in the right way — they left a bitter flavour in her mouth and a void in her chest. Other ones were too cheerful and cheesy to be true — cruel lies she hates to read because of the sensation they cause.There was never a middle. Some clue of what she was looking for.And when she met him — well, a long time after — she decided she would write her own book. One with the ending she always wanted. To know what happens after.And somehow she feels this is just the eye of the storm.In fairytales, it usually lasts one or two pages, short moments when the misery embraces the two lovers until the monster is beaten.In books... The mess can last chapter followed by chapter. It tears apart your inside. Leaves you exposed. Makes you cry and swear. It's suffocating suffering in its most pure way.She doesn't remember what she wanted to write. If it was just a few pages or complete chapters.But ignores it.In her mind was still that feeling of joy and happiness both had felt the night before. She's floating in it. Everything else is superfluous.All the things they'd done and laughed about, things they had never thought about doing and had tried for the first time.How their eyes had filled with sparkles when they stared at each other.The soft, tasty and warm kiss they had under the fireworks at the Chinese festival. The other one under the paper lamps show. And all the ones which followed next. A dance between ribbons and bows that wrapped their sensations in a tasty way.His laugh when she did a whim because that weird Peruvian dance was very confusing. How they had tried all the types of beers that country had.The dark-humoured jokes and grimaces of disgust they had done when they saw all the couples kissing at the feet of the Eiffel Tower. Too cheesy for them.When they were in Italy, the way his eyes had narrowed at her, his cheeks blushed a bit and had rolled his eyes when she asked him that she could make a sculpture of him — like David. She had laughed a lot for that.How both had extended their arms feeling the freedom of life when they were visiting Berlin's Brandenburg Gate in Germany.The excitement in his eyes when they talked about stars and constellations when they were in Puerto Rico, laying down the sand and seeing the sky as they heard the little waves caressing the sand creating a symphony next to the wind.The quickness with both had drunk milk and water after eating that spicy food in Mexico before bursting in laughter due to the stupidities both committed. The funny things they had done and bought there — those weird big hats, tasty candies, exquisite tortillas and colourful ornaments.And in Brazil... Brazil was their personal paradise. Their own replica of heaven.The way they had caressed the other's skin, how they had kissed and how... How they had made love...Her mind hadn't caught it during they were doing it, it had been moments after as they kissed and their skins brushed endlessly. She had really experiment what Lhu had said to her, how all the feelings surface your pores as you drown happily.And, oh, she really wants to keep drowning.She caressed his nose carefully to not wake him up, he looked so calm and peaceful that she despised it. She smiled helplessly seeing him frown between dreams.It should have been forever."Wake up, sleeping beauty," she whispered in his ear making him smile. He placed a hand o her waist attracting her to him.His body was warm, wrapping her in so much heat that it burned her coldness.What she thought was his middle finger, commenced to do circles and spirals on her back before he began to caress her hair with all his fingers. Up and down. Running smoothly and carefully scratching. Comforting and satisfying.And she feels so happy."Morning," he said still with his eyes closed in her ear, causing her to shudder. Merlin, his morning voice...

Leevanna left a kiss on his lips before getting out of bed slowly, her legs hurt. "You're so fucking gorgeous," he said, looking all over her body. "I hate it."Gorgeous.He had never used that word before with her. Well, at least she hadn't heard him say it.She chuckled turning her head to see him. His smile... Gods, his smile.She was going to fall quite hard from the top where he had her heart. The highest top of the universe. It would collapse how a star does it and the pieces would fall like meteorites. The velocity would set them on fire, would disintegrate them according they penetrate the atmosphere and ozone layer.Why everything was happening so fast?It should not be that fast.It should have last more time — the happiness should have last more time.She walked through the sand until she reached their clothes then shook the sand of it and returned inside to be able to change. It was almost seven in the morning in Brazil and almost ten in England, they needed to go back before they realised their absence at the manor.A few minutes later, when both were ready, she took her things sighing, she didn't want to leave.If only she could make it last forever.She took his hand and smiled at him before both twisted and Apparated at Malfoy Manor again, ending with their limited Brazilian paradise."Could you... Shower with me?" he asked softly, in a mumble. She nodded caressing his hair.She should have prayed."Let me keep things first," she told him and he nodded.She should have not let past so many seconds.Draco pulled away as he removed his shirt and leave it on the ground. He started heading towards the bathroom that was connected to his room and left the door open for her. She hurried to hide the bag so that no one could see it, it was Muggle things after all.They shouldn't have those things, they shouldn't have been near Muggles. But it had felt so good to forget who they were for just one night...If only she could make that night last forever.When she entered the bathroom, he was already in the shower. She took off her dress once again and rushed into the shower with him. His bending back was turned to her and both hands leaning on the wall with the water falling on him.She took a mental picture.She hugged him from behind getting wet as well and passed the palms of her hand across the smooth and hard skin of his chest before embracing him. Just wants to touch him as much as she can right now. He turned and looked up at the showerhead as the water rained on his face, his hair was wet already.His veiny hand ran through his platinum blond hair that soon enough scrunched up into small faint waves.She took another mental picture — has taken a lot of them."Turn around," he said, and she obeyed feeling how he passed his hands through her hair filling it with shampoo. He left kisses on her neck making her chuckle. "You look so gorgeous all wet."He kept using that word.Gorgeous.Gorgeous.Gorgeous.She wasn't gorgeous. She was a disappointment. A failure. A mistake. A horrible and disastrous individual who has made a lot of erroneous choices and deserved the punishments for that. Who has let injustices pass in front of her. Who has covered crimes — she was responsible for a second-degree murder and knew about a fucking first-degree one, for god's sake — and her future didn't paint anything different. Bloody scum who has ruined lots of lives just with existing.She has hurt people. She is toxic. Manipulative. Problematic. Stubborn. A liar. A mistake.She's all the wrong things in this world.And he calls her gorgeous.Would he still call her that way when he discovered all the wrong things she has done?No. He would repulse her. Spit at her and never fix his beautiful thunderstorm eyes on her erroneous existence. He would hate her."Piss off, Malfoy," she chuckled.Draco slid his hands for her thick thighs going up to her hips and waist still kissing her neck. His finger dancing over her pores, warming them with the gentleness and delicacy he always uses with her.She relaxed at that instant and turned off all her defences, all her barriers. All her ice melted and her empire began to collapse... And its Queen wasn't doing anything about it, she was watching, seeing all the shades being buried. The kingdom tries to find an enemy, a traitor between them that could be the threat and main reason for their fall. But what if their governor is the traitor?She should not have let her ice walls fall.Then he rinsed her hair and she turned. She took the same bottle of mint shampoo and placed a little in her hand and then passed it through his hair while he held her by the waist to not let her fall — because of the wet and slippery floor and also because she needed to be in tippy toes to just reach at least his neck.The friction their humid skins make is delicious. It feels sloppy but dry and as if being under the rain."And now... I wash your hair," she said in a low tone, massaging his hair once again before approaching it to the water to remove the shampoo in it. He smiled underwater while he saw her focussing so as not to leave traces of the product. Her front had little lines due to her concentration.She couldn't help but blush and chuckle softly. He just stares at her with a playful smile that she knows so well and wishes not to do so because she knows the meaning."Stop staring at me," she muttered a bit embarrassed as her cheeks turned even redder. Is about to use the shampoo's foam to cover his face."Make me," and his eyes narrowed playfully at her making her chuckle as she denied with her head in leisure. "Can I keep staring now?""Fine," she chuckled again as the warmth inside her chest rose up.What the hell was she doing? Gods.Leevanna hated that feeling. She hates... feel. But she couldn't help it. Draco was so — so he and — she didn't know how to describe it; the warmth in her heart every time she looked at him.She hadn't grown up with her parents, she had done it alone — at least after Severus left when she was eight —, so she had learned to be alone and not feel alone. But if he wasn't... If he wasn't there, with her, the world fell into pieces.He was becoming her world.He was becoming her everything.Holy fuck's sake. She hates it — him.How did she stop feeling that? How did she close her heart again? How she could make the ice walls appear again? How she could build her empire without being received as a traitor for letting the sun hurt her?How can she rip him off her soul, body, heart and mind?She had controlled her emotions all her life, even the small ones like sadness or happiness.She was very good at that, not letting her barriers fall just because yes — because of someone.She was very good at constructing ice walls that surrounded her all the bloody time.But one day she looked at him and just... Her brain stopped thinking.Her brain stopped turning on the alarms of danger and constructing the fucking ice walls around her when he was with her.And maybe it shouldn't have stopped.And her brain know was infected with him and all that came with it.She couldn't stop thinking of him, feeding her body with a strange sensation she isn't familiar with, invading her being and betraying herself. She was breaking her own rules, commandments she had forced to comply successfully.Now her mind was filled with him and just him. How wonderful.It was injected with him and the things he did. Why did she start paying attention to those things? Now she couldn't oblivion them. She remembered every single one of them constantly — as a religious ritual.He had her complete devotion. Her total attention was on him.She could tell him to go and fuck himself, but then she could smile at him and say how he looked good in whatever he was wearing.He tested her patience all the bloody time driving her out of her mind and just laugh because she got mad and started yelling and hitting him with a pillow.She knows there are things they didn't know about the other, and she was willing to keep her dark secrets just for herself but then — then he — he appeared out of nowhere and made her want to know everything about him and made him know every single thing about her. And she — curiously she feels fine with it.And he is like the sun.Because she knows the sun can burn her, can wound her beautiful empire of ice, leaving her vulnerable and fragile. Knows the sun makes her darkest shades see the surface, she knows its purpose is leaving her weak and wounded. She knows the sun can lit her on fire and make her hyperventilate, dying not because of how deep is the wound, she dies for the suffocation and despair she has. But she also knows it is a temptress, taunting her to touch it and burn herself. Leaving her hands at risk before she could fold.And she hates the sun.But she doesn't hate him.And he is like the sun.How she could not hate him but hate the sun if they were the same thing?The answer is right there, she knows, she doesn't want to unwrap it, she doesn't want to know the solution for the messy riddle.But she isn't ready.Because she knows that the answer is that she doesn't hate the sun. She hates the feeling it provokes inside her, the constant ache in her heart she had been trying to deal with. But she doesn't hate the sun, she knows. That's why she doesn't hate him.And she knows. Knows that the only way of getting to know him completely is by approaching the sun. Is leaving her ice melt totally and being vulnerable, powerless. Is saying the war between winter and spring is over. Is quitting her beautiful throne. Is betraying herself and build her within again. Is letting him warm her until she isn't made of ice anymore.She doesn't know how to express or call the warmth in her heart.It burns her like shite. And for the first time in all her life, she doesn't have the answer to a question. For the first time, she is in blank about a riddle, looking at the puzzle she cannot resolve.So she thinks. And thinks. And replays the images in her mind.Is a sheet that blurry her vision and makes her see all the things she had been recollecting as memories throughout the years.And there it is. The first time they met.Both were kids, the two are twelve years old, and barely their eyes collided they were already fighting for something, trying to prove the other was better.And it is like these VHS videos that are being reproduced in her mind, as a Muggle cinema screen which lets her see everything full colour.She sees them through all that year, the things that happened. Until she reaches the most colourful one, the first time he saw her in a total state of panic and the tears sliding down her cheeks. It feels pretty, hearing his voice so distant but yet so familiar that made her laugh is one of her darkest nights, when she was lonely and he came to be lonely with her.And then the image changes, now is him with tears running down his cheeks and she is the one who is talking and talking about the new book she had. She sees his smile as the tears slowly fade away when she complains about something not giving any type of sense, and he laughs when her cat scares her.Both made laugh the other. Both were lonely and they came to be lonely with each other. And it feels pretty, beautiful.The memories keep reproducing, making her remember and see things from a different perspective, in hindsight.And there they are, he is holding her in his arms when he caught her in the air, preventing her from dying when she began to fall from a broomstick.The next scene is them fighting because none of them knew how the fuck brew a potion she doesn't remember the name. They were always fighting. Seconds later it changes again and now they are laughing because Theodore threw pumpkin pie at Blaise and he threw him butterbeer in revenge, Pansy, Daphne and Lhu are with them too.Her next memory is her blushing slightly because she just asked if he was okay with Dobby being free. And both are talking, about Merlin knows what, laughing and teasing as they always did. And he tells her he's fine with Dobby leaving his manor because now the elf can be happy without his father being mean to him.The memories of their third year at Hogwarts begins, making her pass through all the bloody confusion she was during all that time.She sees them colliding glances for the first time at dinner and fighting as always, saying things about the other's hair before both made fun of Harry Potter. It mixes with the memory of them in the Slytherin common room in the middle of the night, she's talking about her book before a kid passes by their side making them laugh.It is like a movie, passing in front of her eyes all the things she'd been forgetting about.Now, in the memory, she is running through the hallways until she reaches the hospital wing, where Madam Pomfrey asks what is she doing before he and she are left alone, teasing each other as always. And it passes in front of her, how she reacted when he cornered her on the wall, his confused look before he made her laugh. It fades away ending with her making a lighting-cloud appear above her before both collided glances and looked away.It's funny, for her, that memory is the funniest thing ever now that she has admitted what she's feeling.The emotions feel fresh when the next scene is him saving her from the Dementor. How she had thrown her arms at his neck before he belted her with his arms in a hug they had never imagine it could be possible to give.A current travel her body when the next image she sees is the way he looks at her as both are ice-skating on The Black Lake. And she realises she had never seen that look in his eyes before until now. The beautiful landscape is surrounding them, and she is mesmerised by it, but he only seems to look at her. And she smiles.The images fade away as smoke when all the next scenarios are them fighting and hurting the other as they had always done. Their last fight is the most coloured but dark at the same time. They are screaming so many things she hadn't even remembered until now, hurtful things she hopes not say again.And there it is. Their first kiss. The ghost of it explodes in her and tears up another ice wall.She forgets summer quickly and fixes her view the first time they met after their fight, how both tried to look away but the fire inside them was stronger.And she thinks she never knew how he found her in the girls' lavatory after the Defence Against The Dark Arts class. She never knew how he reached her hiding place and put an arm around her before start caressing her hair.Her brain goes fuzzy when their duelling passes in front of her and mixes with their fight before they kissed for the second time. And it isn't until now that she realises that she missed his lips so much before bringing them together again.It is as if all the sensations are still fresh.And she remembers what she said to him that night in The Astronomy Tower when both were high. And she remembers how he kissed her after that, hiving her the hints of how it would be.And clearly, she discovered it.Her skin feels the ghost his touch yet again when her mind divagates in The Yule Ball memories. They burning all night and saying how much they need the other, how much they hated needing the other. And maybe that night is filled with guilt, pain and despise, but it feels beautiful remembering it again. It felt beautiful too at that time.Because even if she had a long list of lovers who kissed and caressed her, none of them mattered to her, except him. He was her only exception.All she sees next is her in her denial phase the eleven days they didn't talk at all and just ignored each other until they visited Hogsmeade village.And she remembers all the looks, playful smirks and childish fights they had after that. How they tried to keep it low-low until their house-mates discovered them in the blond's room.She remembers all those days that she calmed his anxiety just being with him. How she fucked it up for her little neglect. Her agony due to the ache in the heart because he didn't look at her. How he had defended her and carried her to his dorm before both brought their bodies together in an eternal dance of pleasure.These last months are her last memories — and Salazar, they have fought a lot —, ending everything with their heavenly Brazil.How she could explain all the things she felt? The messy puzzle in her head was still without any solution possible. It was still dishevelled.Her mind divagates in his presence — all him.And she really wishes how to explain those weird tickles in her belly when she looks at him. The sensations his smile produces in her insides and how her heart seems to flutter and stutter inside her every time he touches her.She feels the warmth on her skin when she remembers his eyes looking at her with all the delicacy in the world, all the needing he has of her. Her hands tingle when it seems that she's caressing his silky platinum blond hair again. Her lips prickle feeling his against her flesh.And suddenly she is reproducing images of him inside her head.He walking. He laughing. He seeing her. He smiling. He playing the piano. He doing whatever she can imagine making those tickles appear again.The way he frowns and fidgets with his wand while looking at nothing in particular when he is concentrated on something. How his eyes narrow when he thinks he's got the answer just to close and re-think the whole thing again.How he smiles when he has a wicked idea in his mind. Or when he teases her — she has a love-hate relationship with that one. The way of his smirk when he's mad or being sarcastic. How his eyes glisten when he sees something he likes.He drinks his tea with one spoon of honey and milk. And there has to be biscuits aside.He doesn't like chocolate except in the biscuits Narcissa makes — those are his favourites except the vanilla ones are recently baked. Straw-minty-berry deluxe sugar quills and Blood-favoured lollipops are his favourites Honeydukes' sweets.Lemon tartlets make him melancholic but curiously are his favourite dessert. He doesn't have a favourite meal but if he has to choose, it'd be tomato soup — though it makes him wonder about Dobby.Favourite station is autumn and spring. He likes the rain and usually stands out in the garden just to close his eyes and feel the pouring.Favourite saga of books? Their Breaths by Beatrix Bloxam — six books written from three different points of view. Suspense, dark magic, gore and a glimpse of love that in reality was an obsession. Personally gifted by her.Petals of our hate by Lord Byron was his favourite collection of 'romantic' poems.But if he needed to read for school, his favourite writers would be Owle Bullock, Phineas Bourne and Charles Demengeot.He has studied the stars and cosmos since he's three years old and his favourite constellation is Draco — she had laughed, no lies here. And he has a favourite star. "It has a magnitude at 2.4, outshines Beta Draconis by nearly half a magnitude," he sighed, "and Alpha Draconis by over a magnitude."

"But it's contrary to its gamma-designation," she frowned.

"She likes to shine," he shrugged smiling making her chuckle.

"I see that," she smiled.

"You're my Eltanin."

"That isn't the brightest star.""No, but is the brightest in my constellation." Theodore is the closest to a best friend but he likes hanging out with Fred — and make pranks with him. Blaise's more his personal advisor. Though he prefers them away if he's having a rough time. He doesn't want to lose them.He would rather say 'forgive me' or 'please' than admit he's afraid, mistaken, needs help or is having a rough time. He's stubborn and his attitude is everything but easy or understandable. He's possessive, easily gets jealous and doesn't like to share.When he was nine, Narcissa took him with a Psycho Healer who diagnosed him with anxiety, clinical depression, controllable anger issues and insomnia. She also said he was proneness to abandonment problems.His fingers slightly twitch or drum against his leg when he's anxious.He adores his mum with all his life and hates to see her suffering, she's one of her favourite persons. The relationship with his father is quite hard but he tries to make him proud and would do whatever to see him smiling that way at him.His favourite memory takes place when he was five years old, he and his parents were watching the stars when it started to rain. Narcissa took Draco's hand a ran up to a close mud puddle to start jumping on it. Lucius had refused until his wife threw him mud and he started to chase her and his son.Though he'd said to her he has another one.He has a picture of his first day of classes at King's Cross station on his manor room's desk. Both of his parents are with him, smiling and all.Astronomy, Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts are his favourite classes and Severus is his favourite teacher.The first time he Occluded, he was eight and since then he does it so naturally that sometimes he doesn't know he's doing it.Dutch and French are the first two idioms he learned when young — he likes them — and he plans to study Chinese — he has decided China is his favourite country — and Korean.He likes it when she wears skirts or is simply with his shirt and knickers. Her curls and eyes are his favourite thing — he doesn't know she knows.Playing the piano is his favourite pastime and certainly he does it extremely well. He knows how to draw but has never shown her any — neither his few poems. He loves Quidditch and when he was six, he wanted to play professionally.He has a special table in the Hogwarts library — only she knows where is it — and hates if someone else sits there — so much that he has put a Disillusionment charm.When young he used to ride the winged horses he has at the stable in his manor. Athens, a Granian, was his favourite.He's sort of scared of peacocks and terrified of hippogriffs — she'd laughed about that too.His favourite magical creatures are Firedrakes, Horned serpents and Thunderbirds. He respects dragons and loves to take the piss of Grindylows — tell her about that one.Very loud noises like explosion or terror-struck screams frighten him and it could end with an anxiety crisis.A rare habit he shares with her is smoking fags at midnight at the Black Lake or the Astronomy Tower. He loves the sensation of Muggle-weed and alprazolam. Opium makes him be in his happy place.Last year he—And she realises he has taken all over her.And she loves it. She loves being his. She loves hearing him say he is hers. She loves how he touches her. She loves how he smiles and looks at her. She loves his presence.Loves every single little detail and thing.She's an artist. Severus had told her she counts as one because of the things she did — painting, drawing, writing, her way of thinking.And she thinks that if she is an artist, she needs inspiration because everybody does, everybody needs a favourite song, a beautiful melody. Everybody needs someone.She needs him. He is her inspiration, her favourite song and melody. She really needs him.Because when her world is falling apart and her brain is torturing her, she just needs to look at him to break up the dark with the light. His light.Is like the starts holding the moon. "All my starts, for you." "You are my star, mine." "What if we form a constellation?" And she thinks is right there where she belongs, by his side and knowing he would never leave her alone.His presence blurry her vision just like Kaleidoscope colours that are covering them in an incessant sway of feelings.He is all she needs, with every breath she breathes, he is the only thing she needs.He had saved her from death. She knows. He had always been there to rescue her. And that makes her feel like a princess who found her Prince Charming.He will always come for her. To save her. He is her salvation — her freedom.But the puzzle is still incomplete. She had found a way to decipher the riddle, yes, but it seemed as if something was missing.He had crossed all her barriers effortlessly — all the ice walls she had built with such effort —, he had seen her cry when no one else — apart from another few, selected people — had. She felt weak in front of him — but it was a good weakness... And that scared the shit out of her.She knew that having him closer was not going to bring anything good, she was surrounded by such darkness and coldness — death after death follower by murder and torture. Lies, pain, tears, suffering and wicked games... Fuck's sake, if something happened to him because of her, she was never going to forgive herself.She could not forgive herself for so many things already to add him to the list.It was too much. Too fucking overwhelming.Her fingers unconsciously wrapped around the tiny star pendant. It is as if she could feel him close that way."Darling," called her Narcissa, taking her out of her thoughts. Both were in the greenhouse she had — the green-eyed helped her take care of the flowers. "Are you okay, Leevy? You seem a bit... Lost."Narcissa Malfoy was the only one — obviating Severus, Lhu, Draco and Luna — who Leevanna knew she could trust and express her feelings with and not being judged for it and the way she thought.Narcissa had been like a mother to Leevy since she met her. The woman had always been there for the girl, she even sometimes saw herself in her when she was younger.Leevanna had been through a lot during her childhood — she was more than traumatised and was still learning how to deal with it in the correct way — and Narcissa knew it, she had seen and had knowledge about all the horrible things her cruel father had done to her.If Nicholas Vaughan could even be ever called a father, obviously.The witch had taken care of her — when no one else apart from Severus Snape had — and make her believe that mothers could live for their children, love them so unconditionally that they would kill anyone who hurt them.And Leevanna was like a daughter for Narcissa, the daughter she never had or thought she would have.And she loved her so much and was so grateful that the girl saw her as a mother figure and trusted her the way she did."I — I don't know," Leevanna replied giving up and caressing a flower that she had planted a few minutes ago. "My chest hurts... But not in a bad way, if not... I don't really know how to express it.""As a heat that runs through your whole body and makes your chest want to explode?" She asked her softly and cutting the leaves from a tall silver.And Narcissa has just made her see the last piece she needs to complete her messy puzzle."Yes... Yes, just like that," she answered somewhat confused placing water in the pots. "What is that? The warmth."Narcissa melted."Love," she responded with a smile approaching her to help her with the flowers.       That word... That fucking word."Love?" She asked frowning and spraying water in the trellises that grew through the windows. Narcissa nodded.She knew that the girl was not familiar with the feeling and really didn't know what exactly was it — although she considered that it wasn't something simple or to be taken easily —, so she would try and explain it to her.Narcissa sighed."When I met Lucius, I was one or two years younger than you," she began passing her fingerprints through a rose. "He caught my attention pretty quickly and I captured his as well. And how not? I was one of the few people who wasn't afraid to look him in the eye, that wasn't afraid to challenge him or provoke him," she continued looking at Leevanna. "We fell in love quickly — very quickly. He hurt me, I hurt him, I suffered and cried, but here I am," she chuckled before sipping her tea and handing one cup to the girl. "When we got married, I knew that he was on the side of The Dark Lord and that didn't matter because I was too, I didn't mind risking my life for him in the first war," she let out a small sigh. "When I had Draco, before the first war ended, I knew I had to lie for him and my son... My family is the most important thing in my life. I would give my life for Lucius. And I live for both of them — my husband and my son, and even if I suffer and cry sometimes... I know that Lucius loves me and I love him with all my soul.""How did you realise that? That you... Loved him," Leevanna asked before she cleared her throat softly as she kept accommodating more flowers after drinking her tea.It was a hard word.It had burned like the fucking hell when it left her throat."I looked him in the eye one day and I just knew it," she replied sighing. "Lucius is... is Lucius. He's cold and emotionally distant, he's not going to tell me that he loves every day of his life, because he's not like that," she chuckled. "He's not cruel either, he can be very heartless, but it's always keeping an eye on me or Draco. His love language is touching, doing things for me, remembering little details, not words. In that sense, Draco is like him," the girl laughed nodding.Yes... Draco was that type of person."I admire you, Cissy. I really do," Leevanna sighed. "My parents don't love each other, I know, I always have known it — they never love me either I think..." she frowned. "So I never learned what love was and I grew up surrounded by loneliness and cold, feeling that something was missing. But when he's with me... I don't know, Cissy. I don't like... feeling. And you know it.""He loves you, it shows in his eyes," she said smiling, and it was at that time that Draco arrived, but none realised it. "The question here is... Do you love him? You are prepared for that?"If she was prepared for that?She hadn't had been and wasn't prepared for a lot of things actually, things that nobody should be prepared for.When she was eight, Severus had asked if she was prepared for him leaving her alone in that cold manor she had as a house — he needed to go with a certain blond boy as a favour for his father and could not take the girl with him because her father would not permit it. Leevanna thought a lot about it, but she did not hesitate and said 'yes'. She did know that she could not go with him, and she did not want to at that moment. Severus left and she had been fine.When she was nine, she had been asked if she was prepared to leave one of her baby dragons die because the beast had been born sick and had no other destiny but that — even if she did whatever she could. She had not cried or been angry. She understood it. Very well being honest. Before the doctor killed it, she had put a little flower crown on its tiny head and closed her eyes when a doctor cast the spell. Two months after that, she let the other baby dragons be transported to Rumania. They were very big now, and her mother hadn't wanted animals like those growing in her house without any control. Leevanna had understood too and, when specialised people came to her house to take away her dragons, she left a kiss on their heads without being afraid if they burned her or no. The beasts had wailed and cried as they left because she had been their mum for a long time and would always see her like that — but she did not regret it. It was the best and she knew it. It was the best to let them go. And she had been able to see them again on multiple occasions.When she was ten and that had happened, she was clearly not prepared for what she had been forced to see. Nobody asked her though, and she knew that nobody would've done it. Because no one asks things like those.When she was eleven, Severus had asked if she was prepared for immersing herself completely in the Dark Arts subject — not tasks or The Dark Lord himself, just the dark magic, the simple and innocent things —, that had been an easy question for example. She had said yes when he spoke because she loved that kind of magic and did not care about the other's opinion — she had never done it.When she was twelve, someone had asked her if she was prepared for duelling her father in a 'amicable' wand fight — it was summer and his friends were home. She had been a bit scared, but no one — not even Severus Snape himself — noticed. She had even beat her father. But that did not mean that she wasn't scared of him after that, although he had not said anything to her.When she was thirteen, she had been asked if she was prepared to talk about her traumas with a specialist — Narcissa's idea when her parents were not there to object or even have knowledge about. She had doubted because she was scared that if she talked with someone else about the way she thought, they could judge her and intern her... But that did not happen. She had been in four of six sessions and it had been good. Really good being honest. She had not gone again though, at least not since the last time the woman took her in her third year at Hogwarts.When she was fifteen, Remus Lupin had asked her if she was prepped to confront her Boggart — a few weeks after she had discovered his secret by seeing it and a few days before he left Hogwarts. She said 'I don't know'. He had told her that it was okay if she could not face it because it was very difficult for someone like her. One day later, she appeared in his office and asked where the Boggart was. Lupin had smiled at her and told her that she was very brave for deciding to do it. She had confronted her Boggart successfully three days after.When she was sixteen, she had been asked if she was prepared to attend Cedric Diggory's funeral — who the fuck was though. Who was prepared to see a dear friend in a fucking coffin?. She had said 'no', but not because she was afraid of what she would see, she was afraid of her brain. She had gone, but she had not cried, she just stood there remembering funny things that made her press her lips and leave the place faking that she was crying so she could laugh without being judged.That same year, she had faced The Dark Lord face to face, by accident, but she had. No one had asked if she was prepared for that tho. But she had done it. She had been terror-struck, but she had done it and did not do a single wince.And now... Narcissa Malfoy was asking if she was prepared to love someone.Was she?She wasn't ready. Still wants to cling one more time to her falling ice walls. "Don't ready or don't want to?" She wants.But is she ready?"How to love someone so broken, Cissy? H-How do you do it? How do you love someone who had suffered so much?" Her eyes were watered, the woman understood who she was talking about. "How do you do it? He will never be my Lucius, I wouldn't die for him, Cissy..."Something in Draco's chest hurt, it broke. A tear rolled down his cheek while looking at the open black velvet box in his hands, he closed it hard, and left the place, he had heard enough."... I would live for him," and tears fell from her eyes. "I'm his Lucius somehow if we want to put an example, and I don't know how he loves me, how he does it knowing that I'm so broken, so traumatised and so fucked up," she laughed cleaning her tears. "I love him, Cissy."And finally she could solve the riddle. That word was the last piece she didn't know she needed until that time."Oh, Leevy," Narcissa said, embracing her while both laughed with tears in their eyes. "I know you do..." The woman sighed feeling happy. "I know you do..."It had been hard for her to say it out loud, really — to say that word out loud. But she did not regret it, she was happy about opening with someone else and not letting her brain control her emotions.And she remembers their constellation. The meaning of the necklace around her neck and the ring on her finger.If she is in the need to marry someone only to please her parents — father — once in her life, she would marry him. She trusts him. Really, really trusts him. Wouldn't trust anybody else to spend the rest of her life with. He is the only one, her only exception.She would fight him with all her life about books, biscuits and Arithmancy problems if that was their happiness. She would dance with him and hear him play the piano. They would look at the sky for hours and just talk about the universe and its wonders. They would play hide-and sick until both ended in the water. She would make him wear flower crowns and he could teach her Quidditch. Both would read books for hours until two days had passed. They would visit all the countries and cities if he wanted to.Did he want to form a constellation? They would form fucking thousands. Millions. Billions. Infinite constellations. Just the two of them. Shining upon the dark blue page.He is her black. Her black magic. Her zero.She was happy about not freezing her emotions anymore.And maybe she would regret it later.When Leevanna went up back to the blond's room, the lights were off and the only light that leaked was that of sunset. She frowned when she didn't see him anywhere.She approached the night table when she saw a sparkle that stood out from a box. A ring. She smiled. But before she could see it better, Draco came in, scaring her."Merlin, I almost had a heart attack," she laughed approaching him. "Something wrong?" She asked when she saw his red eyes and dry tears."How do you love someone so broken?" She lost her smile at that instant. "Tell me, how do you do it, Leevanna?""You heard...""Oh, of course, I heard," he laughed bitterly. "You know what else I heard? How did you say to my mother that I wasn't anything for you.""That's not true... Draco, I—""Shut up! SHUT UP LEEVANNA!" she jumped scared and taking a step back away from him. He smiled sarcastically, tears rolled on his cheeks. Perfect, now she was also scared. Just what he needed. "I fucking change my whole life for you, I broke my fucking rules for you."She laughed bitterly.If he had changed his life, she had clearly done it too."AND YOU THINK I FUCKING DON'T?!" she yelled. "It — It terrifies me what I am capable to do for you!""Don't fucking lie," he said sarcastically."I am not fucking lying!" she shouted before she took air deeply. "Draco, I don't know how to fucking express what I feel—""Feel?" he mocked. "Feel?! You don't fucking feel anything! YOU ARE A FUCKING ICE QUEEN! CONGRATULATIONS!" "I have a love-hate relationship with that," she chuckled seeing the stars.

"I don't think you are though," he said and she looked at him. "You are not made of ice."

"Says?" she raised an eyebrow."You are not an ice floe because of the way you deal with your traumas, Leevanna Vaughan." "AND YOU ARE A FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT WHO CONTROLS EVERYTHING THAT SURROUNDS HIM! JUST LIKE HIS FATHER! Happy about it?!" "Well, I don't think you control everything either," now he looked at her.

"How do you know that?" he raised an eyebrow."Because I am here because I want to be here, with you, Draco Malfoy." "Oh, fuck this! And fuck you! I fucking hate you!" "Never hate me, Draco." The air left her."Oh yeah?! Fuck this shit then! I hate you, too!" his and her eyes were full of tears which burned their skin."Then, fucking leave!""Fine! I am fucking leaving you!"And she did, she didn't want to... But she did. "Never leave me, Leevanna." The air left him.Because she had never crossed the door before.Narcissa saw her rushing down the stairs and with a sea of tears in her eyes."Leevy what — did something happened? Are you okay? Is Draco okay?""I'm so sorry, Cissy," she told her in tears as she trembled and moved away from the woman. "I — I just — I can't stay here. I — I will send someone to pick up my things," and as soon as she said that, she went out of the mansion door and took out her wand to leave at once.Draco, in his room, fell on his knees crying.The air began to fail him while drowning in his crying. Narcissa went up running the stairs when she heard something crash; he had punched the mirror in his room."FUCK!" he yelled punching the glass repeatedly making the blood splash everything. He pushed all the things on his desk with anger and then throw the furniture to the ground.Fever.But like fever... With a sheen of sweat and pale skin that highlights the whimpers sunken, dark circled eyes, chattering teeth and the shaky hands that spills the glass of water that's handed to them.He was too weak to get worked up beyond muttering, "Fuck," hoarsely under his breath.He put a hand on his chest trying to stop the pain he felt in his heart. Narcissa entered the room scared and embrace his son feeling how he hold her tightly screaming on her chest.Maybe... Just maybe.When she arrived at Hogwarts, the world stopped and slowed."Leevy?" Lhu looked at her confused. She had arrived the day before since her parents had been angry with her by being at Grimmauld Place with the Weasley's. They didn't approve of her relationship. "What are you doing here? Where is Draco?"Leevanna fell on her knees feeling how the air was missing when she heard his name. She felt as if someone pierced her heart with a burning metal spear again and again — slowly, tortuously. Punishing her.Lhu approached her running and surrounded her with her arms sticking her to her chest while she still kept crying. The brunette was scared of not knowing what to do to help her best friend.Her screams of despair resonated throughout the room.Lhu took her cheeks and removed her hair from her face while the green-eyed tried to take air. Leevanna screamed again against her chest as she clung to her clothes.The pain... The pain she felt...Lhu rocked her on the ground hugging her tightly while the girl clung to her sweater crying."Sh... Sh, it's okay..." whispered the curly-haired one scared, listening to her heartbreaking screams and crying. A tear ran down her cheek still in shock and scared as fuck.The only thing that could happen for such pain was that Draco was dead... Was he dead? No, no way that was possible, she would give her own life for him. So... "Oh Merlin, I hate you so much," Lhu said in a ladder when she saw Leevanna's sixth victory in magical chess. Both were twelve years old."Don't — Don't say that," the girl responded freezing. "Y-You don't mean it, right?" The air became scarce to her."Of course not! Sorry, I forgot how much you despise that word," the girl apologised before crawling on her knees and throwing her arms around her neck. "I love you," she said and Leevanna squirmed a little because she wasn't familiar with the action, but she stayed still after a second without knowing how to respond.She let Lhu win the following five times.

Everything so she didn't say she hated her again, she couldn't stand it, she was the only friend she had and she couldn't lose her. She couldn't stand being hated by someone more, she hated herself enough. The twins and Lee arrived a few days later. Days when Leevanna had only cried, vomited and had cruel and torturous nightmares.She didn't talk, she only kept staring at nothing, lost in her cruel thoughts. It was as if she was afraid to utter a word. As if doing so would lead to punishment.Lhu explained to them what had happened, but not no one knew what exactly had happened for her to be like that."Leevy, you have to eat..." said Lhu.She was still silent, staring at nothing."Leevy, why don't we play pranks to Umbitch?" This time it was Fred's turn.She continued in silence, sitting, staring at nothing.Fifteen days had passed.Her red eyes, her red dark circles, the unhealthy paleness of her skin, her hair was lifeless, her eyes neither. The tears remained dry on her cheeks, her lips dry and cracked. She was thinner and her cheekbones and collarbones had accentuated... And the coldness in her eyes too.Fifteen fucking days."Leevanna, please, talk to me," Lhu begged, kneeling in front of her, but the girl didn't look at her, she kept staring at nothing. She didn't speak."I-I can't..." Lee said passing a hand through his hair. "Where the hell is Malfoy?""I haven't seen him," Fred sighed. And it was true, no one had seen him."Damn it, Leevanna, talk," Lee approached her taking her shoulders and shaking her softly. She looked at him, her eyes were empty — the coldness they had almost killed him —, she looked at nothing again.She didn't want to talk."Miss Vaughan," everyone except the aforementioned one, turned their heads watching Snape at the door of the room. "And what... Are you doing here?""Er — um..." George tried to say."Never mind," Snape said shaking his head and then turned his gaze to his goddaughter. "Get out of the room," everyone nodded leaving the girl alone with the professor.He had noticed that she didn't attend class so he had decided to go and see her make sure she was okay.The thing that she wasn't."She doesn't talk," Lhu said from the door, the boys had already left. "It's been fifteen days since she hasn't spoken," Snape nodded and she closed the door. In a second, he invaded her mind caring little or nothing whatever he saw. He understood when he saw her latest memories.

She thought that... Oh, God."Leevy," he called her kneeling at her height, she didn't respond. "Look at me," she did it and her eyes filled with tears at that moment, the pain returned to her chest. He wrapped her in a hug listening to her scream in pain on his chest while clinging to his robes. "Oh, Leevy..."Her screams... Her screams hurt.Severus felt the same pain he felt when he saw Lily dead on the floor of her house.Seeing his only family cry and scream thinking that the person she loved the most hated her... It was heartbreaking.He caressed her hair hearing her crying loudly, he tightened her more. "It's okay, it's okay... You can cry... You can cry..." He whispered listening to her screaming until she gasped, then again... And again.

What makes us yearn for the comfort of others? Why does a broken heart hurt so?

It feels as if agony had taken human form just to intertwine her arm with us and never let us go. Every single second, she is with us. Doesn't let us breathe, think or even be ourselves. Drowns us in the deepest part of her.

Love imbues itself into our very bones, our very souls. There are no perhaps in believing love is the greatest and most dangerous magic in the world.

It consumes our lives. Blows away our being. Twists our souls until they break. Makes us collapse over and over again.

From being pure and beautiful — fulfilling and everything we want — it becomes a thunderstorm with hurricanes that destroy everything in their path. Starts with a little rain, a mass of air you confound with a cloud and — when it's too late and the danger has already begun — you have millions of people killed by a cyclone.

Love leaves trauma. Lethal wounds.Flaws of a Clearing   by Amorette Deneuve — an expert in love — is one of Leevanna's favourite books since she is ten years old. The book is everything but happy and she really loves it. It is the closest of what she was looking for — the ending she wanted to know of.It starts when a man, by the chance of fate, decides to go to a foreign forest supposedly has been never known human contact and it was near his house. Deneuve never mentions the man's name or if he was a wizard, but she does mention how the man felt before finding the clearing.

He, a lonely man who had problems to socialise, thought the world was a deep black hole that suckles our being in it. Makes us slaves of it. Destroys hopes, dreams and the happy wondering you may have someday before. The man perceived the sadness as a secondary effect of this deep whole. It was the way the world let us know we would never get out of it. We would be slaves forever of his rules and injustice.

His life is shite — in literal words of the author — and he doesn't think it would get better any soon. He doesn't have any friends and less a romantic interest. Nobody knows much of him and certainly don't notice his presence — and he isn't going to do anything to change it either. He prefers not to talk. Be lonely. Silent. Watching the world fade in shades of grey.

That day, even though outside the forest was raining, rays of sunlight illuminated the man's green path. When he found the clearing by chance, nothing got his notoriety but a blue azalea in the middle of the clearing. It was the only one of its kind and the sun seemed to know because one of his rays was glistening it in a way that made it look glorious.

And for that moment while his eyes and soul were hypnotised by the dazzling and enthralling view, all his unhappy and sick faces followed the wind and burned in the sun.

When his fingers caressed its petals, his soul felt so complete, so calm and delighted in an indescribable way.

The azalea was so pulchritudinous that he determined contentment would follow him if he cut the flower and took it with him.

But he decided not to. The view was enough beauteous that, instead of chopping it, he decided to go to see her every day for the rest of his life. The blue azalea was his elixir of life. He would go to the clearing as if going was his daily dose of oxytocin and dopamine.

According to the days, the man started talking with the azalea. Started seeing the flower as if she was the woman of his dreams. He would let the words escape his lips and his problems to meet the wind — thing he had never done with anyone or even tried to do.

There were lots of other flowers: camellias, asters, heathers, orchids, but none captured his attention. The others were all the same in comparative with his precious and unique azalea. None of the other ones understood him as the azalea did. Nobody in his depressive and grey world would ever be as important as his azalea.

He soon became obsessed with being with his unique way of feeling himself. He would have obsessive thoughts about how to encapsulate the azalea and keep it away from others who may want to steal his elixir of life. How to create a scientific way to make his lover last forever. How to make her human.

Suffering and misery would colonise his body when he couldn't find a split of a second to refugee with his azalea. It felt like pure grief and soreness that burned him. Emotional pain soon became physical.

In the night, he would have nightmares about the misfortune of his flower.

How it may die. How her sisters and brothers would make a conspiracy against her to end with her beauty — to yank her from his side because of their jealousy. His dreams were horrible, so much that twice he ended in a hospital due to his hyperventilation and panic.

Leevanna shared a few things with the man of the book.

The nightmares were the worst part of her days since she had arrived at Hogwarts, and since that had been four weeks.

Four weeks full of pain.

Her heart ached, and the drowsy numbness pained her senses, as an anchor of infinite weight. And she is drowning, begging for a breath of air. Air that would never come.

At night she would lay in her bed and sleep for a few hours — even less —, then, in the middle of the night, Lhu had to run to her bed because the screams she made in dreams were terrible heartbreaking.

They were not common screams.

They were terrifying, terror-struck ones.

And underneath the bursts of fury, lie hundreds of implores and thousands of tears... A beautiful song she sings every night. She doesn't mind that everything is blurry for her.

She was crumbling from within. There were nights when Lhu couldn't calm her down and she had to call Snape for him to give her a tranquilliser or a potion that could make her sleep until the next day. Severus had wanted to give her again the blessing of sleeping pills but his memories about what had happened the last time didn't let him.

There were times in the day that she would go blank, remembering. That worried her friends in a row since after that she entered in a trance.

And there she was,   blank  ... In trance.She was like a plastic doll, eyes in a daze, distant. It was as if she was always somewhere else. Her cruel head, perhaps? Or maybe a whole different world nobody could ever think of exploring.

Looking at nothing and sitting in the desk chair in the room she shared with Lhu. Laying in the silence, waiting for any type of sing she's still alive somewhere inside her.Was it normal to be like  that ? Was it normal to destroy oneself with so many memories?Her brain should have not stopped sending alarms or thinking. She should've kept constructing ice walls around her. Shouldn't have let the sun hurt her. Should have kept hating the sun. She should have hated all the emotions.

She should have done a lot of things.

She bit her finger skin and glued her knee to her chest in an involuntary movement while her gaze was lost on the wall in front of her. Her thoughts started reproducing cruel words, but bot crueller enough. Her teeth nipping her sensible skin.           I hate you.       I hate you.

       I hate you.

       I hate you.          I hate you.       I hate you.

The little drops of blood invaded her mouth, but she didn't realise it. Nothing mattered because she felt hopeless. She was still biting, still nipping her teeth all she could.

And the shine in her eyes seemed to never want to return, the smiles seemed to never want to be alive.

She did that when she was lost internally. Pushing herself until she was completely gone and just her body seemed to be there, agonising.

She hadn't done that in a lot of time.

And it should be difficult to make it... But it was not.It was even easier than before. It only took a few memories, maybe words or a simple and single breathing. It was   too easy.Maybe she was already mental.Maybe she should be interned in a bloody psychiatric and make her wore a straitjacket all the time. She was surprised none of the people around her had called a psychiatrist.   Her   psychiatrist.She wouldn't complain if someone put a straitjacket on her, being honest. She wouldn't complain if someone decided to intern her. They should've done it a long time ago. Why they hadn't? Why they hadn't fucking interned her in a fucking psychiatric? Why they hadn't given her fucking drugs? That would be everything easier.

She hadn't written to Narcissa Malfoy, but the woman had. Lhu was the one in charge to reply the weekly letters, shaping on the paper how worried she was, but the problem was that Narcissa couldn't go to Hogwarts due to the Dark Lord business and also because her own son wasn't well either.

And, even though Leevanna seemed so lost in her mind, the sound kept leaking through her ears, she listened to how Lhu talked about taking her herself. And Leevanna thought they should let her die.

She shouldn't be alive at that point in her life.

Her life was completely pointless. A mistake.

She was completely out of herself.

She was more than lost.

It was like being lost inside her, in a desolate place full of heartbreaking lamentations that hammered her head in despair, surrounded by darkness and silently screaming, joining the symphony of tears, trying to implore for help, but no one could hear her, no one could help her. It felt like she was running from someone, from something, like she was being chased but she couldn't see her attacker. She could feel the monster, its tentacles clinging to her skin like whips and its pointy teeth ripping cruelly through her like paper.

As if she was underwater, floating and feeling the suffocating pressure clinging to her body like a hug. Wrapping her so tightly that she couldn't breathe. It was as if her ice had turned against her and was piercing her within until it ended her being, making her bleed with tears. Her own ice was betraying her, punishing her for her cruel negligence. As if they had left her in the sun as punishment, without giving her a drop of water.

It was like floating in an immense black mass that drowned her every time and took away her breath until she felt like dying in the most torturous way... But she could not die... That huge black space only tortured her, drowning her and then returning her air to then sink her again.

Maybe she didn't deserve to die.

And maybe her punishment was wishing to do it so badly.

She thought that perhaps the real beauty lies within death and life is a cruel liar, filling you with the hope anything could happen at any moment but that moment never knocks on your door. There's no maybe.

Her brain make jokes about that all the time.

There were times when she suddenly just laughed. But it wasn't a pretty laugh —  if it could be called that. It was a scary one, it left her friends in blank. She just laughed. In a scary way. It was a low chuckle that broke free from her lips in the most arbitrary moment. Then, after exactly two seconds, she returned to her imminent silence. As if she had made a vow of silence.Her eyes were cold.   Again .Her friends couldn't look at her anymore. Lhu tried to do it though, to see if she was still there somewhere. At least try to find her.

But it was difficult... Very difficult.Her eyes reflected pure madness.   Coldness .They didn't even look at you directly, but you got lost in them. They made your brain go fuzzy and starting imagine that her green iris was freezing, with a sheet of pure ice that covered her until the tears began to burn.

It was a mental game to look at her and not question your own existence.

She had a sort of tic too.

She would hit her lips with her flexed index finger three times, slowly — like the movement of the second clock's hand — then she stopped two seconds and hit again.

Three times. Two seconds. Three times.

And if she did not let pass the two seconds, she buried her long nail of her thumb in the yolk of her index finger until she hurt herself. Until the red river started flooding the pale colour.

Then she started with her tic again.

Three times. Two seconds. Three times.

And then, she got lost.           I hate you.       I hate you.

       I hate you.

       I hate you.

       I hate—"Oh, for Merlin's sake! Leevanna!   No!   Stop!" Lhu shouted when he saw the blood of the girl's finger slipping on the sides of her mouth.She bit her index finger's skin very often too.

Lhu had put her a bandage, thinking that she wouldn't do it anymore, but Leevanna screamed terrified when the fabric brushed her skin. She could be very aggressive if something or someone touched her. From scream to slap or jump and run until she reached a corner of the room where she could hide.

She would sit with her back against the wall and her knees pressing her chest — generally on the bathroom's corner behind the toilet or the one next to her nightstand. Her whole body shaking as her trembling hands ran through her hair, pulling it hard as she cried and panicked in silent and the memories of her traumas filled her.

She hated being touched. She was afraid of being touched again.

The nightmares were too much.The   memories   and traumas were too much.They seemed to get bigger with the minutes, they seemed to grow every single day, tearing her apart and letting the monster take all over her, leaving her in an incessant whirlwind of darkness. Making her breathing become less effective, slower, tiring. Her circulation is slower, and she also feels cold, in her own ice, she feels cold.

The curly-haired took her wrist, pulling her hand away from her mouth so that she wouldn't continue to hurt herself."You   can't   do this to yourself," Lhu breathed frowning. "Look at me."Leevanna did it, her empty eyes now shone in pure torment and coldness."Leevy...   Breathe  ," Lhu asked her, holding both of her wrists tightly while her best friend began to twist so that she would let her go.She did  not  want to be touched.The tears began to fall quickly as her screams of despair and pain began to escape from her throat without being able to avoid it.         Nine. Eighteen. Twenty-seven. Thirty-six. Forty-five... One hundred seventeen, twenty-six, thirty-five.Leevanna began fighting and struggling for Lhu to release her. She began to kick, pushing the girl, who fell to the floor on one of those, but quickly got up seeing how the green-eyed was beginning to drown in her own crying.          One hundred forty-four, fifty-three, sixty-two, one hundred seventy-one, eighty, eighty-nine...She was drowning so bad that her face was starting to get red, slightly purple.

Fred, George, and Lee arrived at the time she started throwing things on the floor violently as she fought to breathe.

"Leevy, breathe," Lhu begged, holding her wrists again.

Lhu attracted her to her and both fell to the floor on their knees.

"It's okay..." Lhu murmured, holding her tightly as Leevanna continued to struggle, fighting and screaming. "Look at me, okay?" she implored as the girl looked at her in the eye. "Do what I," and Lhu started to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.

        Three. Six. Nine. Twelve. Fifteen. Eighteen. Twenty-one. Twenty-four...

Leevanna imitated her, slowly calming her breath.           ...Forty-two. Forty-five. Forty-eight. Fifty-one. Fifty-four. Fifty-seven...The girl ended up clinging to her robes while Lhu hugged her leaving kisses on her head."It's okay, sweetheart..." Lhu whispered caressing her hair and rocking her on the floor. "It's okay...  "Leevanna wasn't well, Draco wasn't well.

The emotional dependence that both had, had hit them as demolition balls.It was like dying... Just that  worse .Her punishment was wishing. Because she didn't deserve to die. She didn't deserve that gift.

She missed him at all times, at all hours, the emptiness she felt on her chest was immense. The pain she felt every time she breathed burned her body. Her heart was paining but it cannot be treated with any kind of medicine. It can only be treated by love — his love, the one she doesn't have because — because he —

And she despised him for doing it.

She despised him for making her miss him.

She missed his lips kissing her, his fingers caressing her skin so softly, she missed breathing next to him, touching him. She missed playing with his hair and seeing him laugh.

"You don't fucking feel anything!"

If only he had stayed to listen to the conversation she had with Narcissa a few more seconds... But the 'if only' didn't exist.

She missed all those nights in which their bodies ignited in lust and desire, just like being on fire. She missed him taking her hand out of nowhere and leading her to dance while they laughed. She missed seeing the sunrise from the roof of the castle while they were talking. She missed seeing him play the piano while she was laying on the couch with a smile on her face and then applaud when he finished playing. She missed him talking about the stars and planets when they were in The Astronomy Tower, his emotion when she asked him to explain more.

There were nights when she dreamed of him, she woke up crying silently with Lhu at her side calming her, as always.

And she wants to cry. She cries but there are no tears will coming from her eyes.

Her pain is a numbing sensation that steams to come from the pit of her stomach, twisting it until it becomes a physical sensation, forcing her back to arch.

She's experiencing a mixture of disgust and repulsion that made a foul taste come to her mouth and leave it until the water is stained with a clear substance. Lhu held her hair trying not to brush her with her arms, seeing her release all the acid in her mouth before she collapsed unconscious on the floor.

No one had ever taught her that she would fall so abruptly... No one had warned her she would fall.

Nobody had taught her that it was going to hurt so much. Nobody had taught her how to manage that kind of pain.

Nobody had taught her how to love...What's more, what she felt was even love?

Because if it was love what was she feeling, it was complete bullshit.

Her pain was bought to face someone's death, but a million times worse.

When someone died, you didn't see them anymore, but he wasn't dead — she begged that it never happen —, he was alive and every time she met his eyes so turned off, her soul was breaking.

"Draco," she called him looking at the stars.

"Hm?" He answered laid next to her with their hands intertwined.

"Thank you," he frowned. "Thank you for not hating me."

"Thank you for not leaving me, Leevy."

Leevanna squirmed in her bed while crying, it was as if they used the  Cruciatus  curse on her."God, Leevy, calm down," Lhu begged while wiping the tears from her eyes before wrapping her again in her arms. She clung to her crying and drowning. "Help me, Leevy... I   need   you to calm down.""It's enough," Lee huffed. "You're  not  going to calm her down and she is going to hurt you... Again.""And what do   you   suggest, Lee?" her brows frowned. "Leave her there? Do nothing?" she asked with her eyes full of tears, feeling how her best friend twisted in her arms screaming. She was in the middle of a nightmare.But they couldn't wake her, or she was going to be in a trance again.

The twins looked at her standing next to his friend, they no longer knew what to do.

She had fever and her whole body was shaking.

But at least she was not in trance.Lee pulled Lhu away from Leevanna and carried her as he could while she continued struggling, Snape wasn't at Hogwarts because of a situation that needed his attention and they needed  urgent  help."I'm sorry to wake you up at this time, but we need your help," Lee said as he could, the tears fell on his cheeks. "Pro-Profesor Snape always gave her a-a soothing, I-I don't know the name of it but—"

"I know," Madame Pomfrey reassured him with a smile taking a needle out of a drawer and injecting it into Leevanna's arm. The girl began to breathe better, her crying calmed down, and gradually fell asleep again.

She would dream about him again that early morning. She would close her eyes and see her dark paradise. A place where she could feel him touching her. Where she could feel him, hear his voice, how he tells her they would be just the two and everything would be fine. A place she doesn't want to let escape or wake up from.

She caressed the skin of his abdomen as he spread kisses on her neck. She giggled when she felt his hot breath tickling her. "You are so good to me," he said.

"How are you feeling now?" Fred asked with a soft smile.

It was the next morning and McGonagall had given them permission to miss the first classes, without Umbridge realising it, clearly.

Leevanna wasn't fulfilling her duties as a Prefect, instead, Severus had assigned that responsibility to Pansy and Lhu a few weeks ago. Umbridge didn't know and Severus was planning to leave it that way. He hadn't taken away the bandage of Prefect from Leevanna as not to let other people suspect anything.

She looked at him with a sad, weak smile, her deep dark circles taking up more space.         It's like I'm drowning. Like a panic attack. I can't even breathe,   says her own voice in her head, not wanting to escape her throat.   And I cannot die..."Why don't you sleep?" Lhu smiled at her knowing that she wasn't going to talk. "We have to go back to class, do we come later?" Leevanna nodded and everyone said goodbye to her. Lee was forced to leave because he didn't want to leave her alone.

"Don't leave me Leevy..." he whispered again seeing how her eyes started to fill up with tears. "Not you...""I'm not going to leave you, you hear me? I'm   not   leaving you," she said attracting his body to hers in a hug feeling how he held her tightly and hid his face in the hole of her neck smelling her.  The man in her book, already losing his last thread of sanity, usually divagated in ways of how to be with his azalea forever. A way to reunite their souls in an eternal dream from the one they would never be wake up or be separated. He was completely sure the flower's soul and his own were destined to be together until the universe turned off its last light.

He became obsessed with suicide.

Theirs would be the most beautiful the people would ever have knowledge about. He would make it beautiful, graceful, unique — like his azalea.

He would dance around the flower, sing for her as if the azalea could possibly hear him somehow. He interpreted the soft movements the petals did when the wind caressed them as signals of her enjoying what he did.

He would masturbate next to her and leave his cum on the dirt under her to feed her. Other times he would cut her sisters and brothers to bring her flowers and prise her.

But the way he loved his azalea was certainly unique. Beautiful for him and him only.

He would have done anything for his azalea.

And, when the minutes passed around him and his grey world continued being the same, he would have depressive moments. Sadness in human form. Tears would come out and the dependence would show full colour.

Another thing Leevanna shares.

Her sadness feels like thick syrup running through her bloodstreams, and those veins have little prickles that are bothered by the syrup. Feels like running as hard as she can until she is out of breath, then she dunks her head underwater until she is about to drown.

And she thinks that maybe she should drown.

She has never been afraid of dying. She knows that. Her conscience has knowledge of it too. She sees death as the most beautiful gifts of all.

"Where's Leevanna?" Asks Pansy looking all The Great Hall. "She's still sick?"

"Sick? Who's sick?" Asks Theodore sitting next to the raven-haired.

"Er — Leev, she's sick," replies Lhu also looking for her.

"Malfoy isn't with her? Surely they are shagging in a hallway," laughs Theo and Pansy nods also chuckling.

"They fought days ago," says Lhu still divagating her gaze throughout the place.

"Uhh, so they're having an angry shag right now," chuckled Theo before giving his waffle a bite. "Nine in the morning and already moaning? They're living the life."

"Guys, I — I'll see you later," Lhu waves goodbye and leaves the Slytherin table, heading to the Gryffindor one, where Lee is the first to approach her.

"Where's she?" He asks passing his view through all the place.

"Didn't you leave her changing?" asks Fred.

"I left her thirty minutes ago," Lhu ran her fingers through her hair with exasperation. "I have Potions, Snape won't care, I'm going to go and look for her."

"We have Herbology," says George standing up. "We can be late, I'll make an excuse for us later."

"Doesn't matter," says the redheaded to his girlfriend before taking her hand to start walking.

And Leevanna keeps walking, lost in her mind and still with her leggings and pyjama jumper, facing the morning wind in silent, becoming one with it.She hadn't left her dorm in a lot of time. She usually collapsed on the floor barely reaching the Slytherin common room. She struggled to assist classes and not having a breakdown in the middle of it — so much that sometimes she casts a Muffliato and  Disillusionment charm if her breathing becomes elaborated.

And in such state, there's no tears, no fear and instead complete indifference. No chance she would ask for help because she is convinced she does not deserve it. Since dying appeared as the only possible source of relief.        Coward  , says her conscience. The mini her who lives in her head.         I know  , her own voice responds.But she keeps walking. She knows she must keep walking. The air has a chill but it feels good. Though she couldn't breathe it. She wants to, but the ache in her doesn't let her. She keeps walking down the hill. A headache blooms in her temples.She has lost the 'will', she's now descending to an existence of the fringe of the world and allowing drink herself into oblivion. She knows she's too afraid of the pain and spends the rest of her life in the swaying, swallowing monster that hunts her. Without feeling  him  close, his love.And she wonders how he could love her? It makes sense to her that he hates her. She hates herself, why he wouldn't do it?

It has been said that if a human being is to be destroyed, it's likely to be by who they love. And she agrees on that. She doesn't remember when or where she read that, but she agrees.

She doesn't want to be condemned to an existence right on the fridge of the world. She doesn't have the strength to keep surviving in the battle.        You don't deserve it  , says again her mini self. Her voice is neutral, not as a reproach.         I know  , she responds again, serene and peaceful, like a sigh.         And why are you doing it?   Asks the other Leevanna, sipping her tea slowly before eating a biscuit. Both are at a tea party.         Because I'm a coward  , and she sips her tea too as she shrugged.The empty shell her body is, keeps walking, she isn't wearing any shoes, so she's feeling the grass beneath her feet and her hair is attached to her head, not being able to follow the wind, just floating in a dance.

She feels just like something deep inside her — maybe the heart she wishes not to have — is on fire, burning in a hollow ache that seems like years of physical pain. She knows she's a coward for choosing not to leave with the pain anymore. To blunt it.

Her chest is balled up. She can't take in deep breaths. And her heart feels as if it's going to stop beating. But it won't. She knows it won't.

The dark violent waves seem to be fighting with one another, merging in themselves, colliding with one another. She listens to the water swell and withdraws, watches it soak into the mossy grass at its edge. Her gaze lowers and she feels the humid sensation colliding with her skin.

And then she hears the water crash. She looks up again.

         Are you going to do it or not?

Her right foot entering the water is enough response. The follows her left foot. She's walking again. Slowly but quickly enough so as not to think twice.

The cold of the Black Lake is comforting. She had missed it a lot. She feels the freezing water entering her pores and dancing through her veins and muscles, contracting her body and sending currents all her spine.

She keeps her eyes open, studying the grey sky when she's half her way. Her nails dig into her hand's skin because she's making fists, tolerating the freezing water.

She knows she isn't going to float because she'd kept a couple of stones in her jumper's pockets, she knows she will drown. Is happy about it.

Her eyes snap down and the last sigh leaves her lips before she immersed herself completely in the dark water. A violent wave pushes her, then another and another until she's half-unconscious, floating happily in the middle of the water.

It feels like being on a cloud, resting there. In her dark paradise, where she can see him and feel him, hear his voice and touch his hair and skin. Where someday she would deserve to be loved and he would love her.

Her fingers touch the star pendant that hangs from the necklace around her neck. She cannot feel its temperature but can feel its shape. And it is as if she had summoned him.

She can see him. Maybe is a hallucination, but when her eyelids flutter, she can see him in front of her, floating with her and drowning.

And in such state, with the freezing dark water that for her is becoming warm, surrounding her being, she cannot cry, there are no tears to shed, instead, she can breathe.

She keeps her eyes closed, letting her brain go fuzzy and frozen because of the coldness of the water. The water is entering her nostrils, she isn't holding her breath, she's actually breathing, after weeks, she's breathing without feeling that burning.The last sensation she had was the drowsiness that invaded her body when the last wave hit her. And she's there, floating,   happily  ."Fucking hell," breathed Fred when the four stopped running. The cold wind making his lungs contract and the air stutter.

"D'you see her?" asks George with his hands supported on his knees before taking air deeply and lowering his gaze to the grass, tired.

"Nope," replied Lee running a hand through his hair. "Are you sure she's here?""She likes to swim —   FUCK!  " yells Lhu running down the hill, stumbling once or twice as it gets steeper. But she doesn't care because she knows what her best friend has done."Wait, Lhu! Fuck — you're going to fall," said George running behind her to try and catch her.

"She's trying to drown herself!" the brunette screams without stopping. "If she hasn't done it already! So don't fucking tell me to fucking slow down, George!"

Lee, caring less than nothing and running as if his life depended on it, jumps into the water and ignores the sharp sensation of the cold water piercing his skin.

Godric, it hurts. He can't comprehend how she can resist such coldness.

His head sees the light again and he takes a deep breath before immersing into the water to start swimming again. He goes as deep as he can, keeping his eyes open and trying to ignore the fact his lungs are about to collapse.

His eyes finally find a body floating and sinking every second. He swims faster.

He takes her hand and pulls her to him to start swimming to the surface again. His chest constricted from lack of oxygen. And when his lugs were about to give up, he's able to catch air when both get out of the water.

Upon reaching the surface, with the unconscious girl in his arms — she wasn't breathing, like a corpse... Inert —, he quickly placed her body on the grass to revive her.

He started doing compressions, hearing the sobs of Lhu and the voices of Fred and George calming her. Then he tried mouth-to-mouth resuscitation — her lips were cold and almost purple.

The wind making his clothes glue to his body causing him chills didn't stop him from keeping pressing her chest over and over again.

And he doesn't know she is dreaming. In her happy place. So he keeps trying — keeps yanking her from his arms, keeps tearing apart her cloud, insisting on illuminating her darkness.

He gave stronger, more violent compressions... And, finally, she woke up.

"Well, what do you say? Chocoballs or Cauldron Cake?" Fred asked the girl when they left The Great Hall. Leevanna pointed out the chocolates. "Chocolates will be," he laughed with his twin.

It had been two more weeks, she still didn't talk, but she had already left her room for a few days, made grimaces and ate a little. The nightmares were fewer too, maybe three or four times a week.

But she still reacted aggressively when someone touched her.

"Are you sure you are going to be okay?" Leevanna rolled her eyes in amusement, Lhu nodded slowly still insecure. She was afraid of leaving her alone again and found out she had left their dorm to try and drown herself again. "Leev, I can—"

Leevanna pointed to The Great Hall doors raising an eyebrow.

"Well, I'll see you tomorrow then," Lhu said chuckling, "let's go redheads," all three said goodbye to the girl leaving her with Lee.She wanted to go to the Astronomy Tower,   alone."Are you going to be okay?" she rolled her eyes nodding, again. She was starting to hate that question. "No, forget it, I'm going with you. I don't want to find out that you threw yourself tomorrow morning," she nodded again and he passed his arm around her shoulders unconsciously.

She squirmed and pushed him without being able to avoid being too aggressive. She looked at him scared before her gaze relaxed.

"Sorry," he mumbled and she just nodded.

In recent weeks, Lee hadn't left Leevanna alone for a second, he was afraid that she would try to kill herself again, neither had the twins and Lhu. They avoided greater contact with Draco and always kept her away from the places where he was. That night, for example, they had asked Snape for permission to sit here at the Gryffindor table, he said yes and Lhu had also joined.

Leevanna sighed supporting her arms on the railing once they arrived. She needed air.

Although it burned every time she breathed. She couldn't breathe actually.

No matter how many days she had spent crying. No matter how miserable and sad she feels, no matter how many days she has spent wishing things were different — she knows this perfectly — she would keep feeling the monster swallowing her and the lunches with her mortifying sadness seemed to have a long lifetime.

Lee leaned on the wall next to her, he would remain silent all night so as not to bother her. Watching that she didn't jump or attempt something was enough.

He turned his head over when he heard her sob a few minutes later.

"I'm here," he whispered wrapping her in a tight hug even tho she squirmed and fought for him to release her. "You can talk to me or not, but I'm here," and she collapsed on the floor crying.

Maybe she was thinking about jumping.

Maybe that way her pain would stop... But she couldn't die... She didn't deserve it.

," she whispered crying, her voice went out broken, without strength, but went out. The chains finally released her throat and the vibrant sensation leaves her without air and she thinks is better to give herself to the chains.

She had screamed so much that it was barely audible. And she knows she would not do it again. It hurt too much. The punishment was unbearable.

A month and a half without talking and Merlin, Lee had missed her voice.

"I know... I know," Lee whispered tightening her harder and placing his chin on her head.

But he doesn't know, he doesn't comprehend how much it hurts being hug by him and not him. He doesn't understand the meaning of her necklace. Doesn't comprehend she just wants to die to be with her own kind of azalea.

In her book, the man was antisocial. He didn't speak or tried to communicate with the other people who surrounded him every day. He was actually scared of doing it and, when he found his reason to live, the task of utter a word became nonsense. Nobody would understand him as his azalea did.

Though someday drowning in his sadness while shaping his azalea on a piece of paper, a person willingly approached him. She had a question about work.

The man stopped drawing in less than a second and covered his paper.

Her voice was a kind of sharp he found interesting but annoying and certainly, the shade of red she used did everything but combine in the less with her clothes. He knew her name or at least knew it started with a C — Camellia, perhaps. His eyes fixed on the persons behind her, in a corner of the office. They were talking lowly and from time to time looking at them. Her friends, he thought.

Maybe they were thinking he would kill her. Or he would have a collapse.

Fibres of peanut opaqued her skin when she looked down at his drawing and upping her gaze in a second. She was intrusive. Nosy. He didn't relish it when rose blossomed in her cheeks. Without opening his lips but with the intention of making her leave, he handed her the paper she was looking for.

Her hazelnut iris looked ay him for a second and, with a sigh of giving up, she started to walk away.

Finally, he thought. Now he could continue.

"D'you want to — go out? Tonight?"

His hand stopped abruptly.

"Some of us are thinking of going to the pub near here and..."

He stopped listening and looked at her before shaking his head in denial before looking down. She stopped her words and her heads heated even more.

Going out? What on earth was wrong with her?

Her name was enough. Camellia. Ha. Other of the harpies wanted to separate him from his unique azalea.

The first time she read the book, she didn't instantly comprehend why the man had rejected the invitation. She, being six years old, would have done whatever to have friends who asked her if she wanted to go out.

But now she understands.

Harpies that wanted to separate her from her own azalea. To wake her up from her paradise.

And she is there. Surrounded by people.

"And she was like: why on your arse?" Says Pansy. "And I was: bitch, I don't give a fuck, just do the tattoo."

And everyone laughed. Everyone except her.

"Now we have matching tattoos," chuckles Daphne doing a high-five with the raven-haired.

That's how she feels. Like an outsider. Because they keep laughing.

Laughing and smiling and talking about nothing of consequence and passing notes from class and joking and teasing and laughing with one another.

And she cannot laugh. Cannot breathe.

The air in her lungs stutters, burns her flesh and tears her apart. Her lungs felt like all the air had been pressed out of them. The world felt like it was tilting sideways. There are needles sinking into her hands and arms. Everything is internal. On the surface, she tries to keep her façade of calm.They are in the garden, is almost time for lunch. Theodore, Blaise, Daphne, Pansy and Lhu are around her. Seeing her, not directly, but they do. Why did they keep looking at her? Because she hasn't spoken at all? Because she looks dead awful? Because   he   isn't with her?Her gaze remains on the book that is resting on her lap, Flaws of a Clearing. It is her comfort book, but she hasn't changed the page in twenty minutes. She wasn't even reading.

The smell of the nicotine floating in the grey smoke as invisible crystals of the cigarettes and the voices of her house-mates leaked through her nose and ears. It is distorted.

She could barely stand to be in the Slytherin common room, what the hell was she doing outside on a bright Saturday morning?

Her gaze divagates through the page, losing itself in the words but not being able to retain them as her eyes would have done a long time ago. She feels this bitter savour in her mouth and it mixes with the blood her tongue is letting escape because she is biting it.

Maybe it is jealously. A five of fifty-five.

She admits that a part of her definitely is. She wishes she could feel that way. Behave that way. See the world that way.

But she can't do it.

She raises her gaze a bit.

It is waving at her. Inviting her to follow its hypnotising offer.

It is staring at her. Promising she would not feel the acid of her stomach burn her flesh as it slides up her oesophagus, sinking into her as though a creature had slid its claws into her flesh — dragging them up to her throat, if she follows it. She wants to follow it.

Her gaze drifts to Lhu, whose arms are surrounding Theo's neck hugging him from behind as he speaks about a girl he met during the Christmas break. Then her eyes fix on Blaise, who has Pansy sitting on one of his legs and a cigarette between his index and middle finger. Daphne is beside them, talking with Pansy about Merlin knows what.

She stares at the monster again.The quill in her hand breaks when she pushes it against the grass.   Accidentally   splashing all the ink over her books and catching Lhu's attention. The green-eyed looks at her and smiles softly for her clumsiness. The brunette smiles at her and seems to catch the message. She would to the common room and come back. Lhu nods and turns her head to continue talking.Leevanna stops smiling.

Her hands picked up all her things and her feet starts guiding her to the monster's position. Waiting for its instructions. She glances at her house-mates and looks straight again when she sees them laughing. Nobody is in the hallways.

She needed her mind off.

She couldn't think. She needed to move until she couldn't anymore. Needed to follow the monster and let it swallow her.

Everything was suffocating her.

She needs to be with her azalea.

        Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey.

       Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey.

        Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey. Regalia days, soul in grey.

Several flights of the corridors go by in flashes, too, and before she knows it, she's in the deserted foyer leading to the Slytherin dungeons. She couldn't — she couldn't stay there, seeing them laugh, she knows she has to keep going.

       Nine. Eighteen. Twenty-seven. Thirty-six. Forty-five.

The books fell from her hands when she reached her shared dorm.

       Fifty-four. Sixty-three. Seventy-two. Eighty-one. Ninety. Ninety-nine.

And she starts searching. Where she had seen it the last time?

Days ago she had found a little bottle filled with sleeping pills near the dressing table. The image of it started reproducing in her mind since then.

        One hundred eight. Seventeen. Twenty-six. Thirty-five. Forty-four. Fifty-three.She opens and closes every drawer she finds, turning over Lhu's nightstand and her own, pushing the things and trying to make the orange bottle appear again. She didn't have the slightest idea where her wand was, so she couldn't use the  Accio  spell.        One hundred sixty-two. Seventy-one. Eighty. Eighty-nine. Ninety-eight. Two hundred—

Her gaze fixes on the ballerina-music box.

And she opens it, finding her blessing miracle looking at her with hope.

She takes the bottle in her hands and looks up, finding the monster staring at her through the mirror of her dressing table and whispers things in her ears again and again. She opens the bottle, looking at the white medicine she had been missing.

She is watching. Expectant. Waiting.

This time her head doesn't hammer, and she is willing to give the demon satisfaction of being listened after a long time. She knows that would make her feel better. She wants to feel better. She wants to release herself from the feelings.

She needs her coping mechanism again.

She is alone, like never but yet like always. After days, she is alone again.

She had actually escaped.

She stills. Draws in a deep, deep breath. Waits.

Either for her heart rate to go down or to come to her senses. Though she knows that wouldn't happen. She didn't want it to happen.

She looks at the pills again. Now there's four of them in the palm of her hand.

They are her own way of controlling things.          Do it. Sank into them.They would be the complete relief from pain.

Her eyes close shut when four of the pills resting on her hand entered her mouth and her saliva make them travel to the deepest point of her. She takes four more. She needs water, but there's none of it.          It feels good, doesn't it?She looks herself into the mirror again, seeing the demon still behind her, whispering her next movement. Confiscating any ability she has to resist, utterly destroying every part of her. It wants her to drive herself over the edge, do whatever necessary in order to unshackle the feelings from her.

When the fuzziness and drowsiness appropriate her brain, her eyes sparkle at the sight of a metal nail file. A very sharp one.

And she obeys. She doesn't have a 'will' inside her anymore. The monster is controlling her ropes like a puppet. Making her dance and its willing.

She hovers the sharp tip above her pale skin. Slowly, in order to savour the pain, she presses it from her wrist, sweeping the blade vertically until she makes a partial small line.

Her eyes burn like hell, pooling with salty water as she presses her lips avoiding letting out a cry at the sharp pain.

The discomfort only lasts for a moment. When the stinging decreases, Leevanna has the urge to feel more.

She inspects her scarlet blood as it slides down and out of her pale skin, dripping down until it reaches the wood.

It was the same shade as the lipstick on Lhu's nightstand.

She smiles and waves with her right hand at the monster, like two old friends. The drops of blood sliding down her forearm, creating a crimson river of her being that remains flooding and flooding.

The pills fell from the dressing table, staining themselves with the smalls droplets of Leevanna's being on the floor. Her white blouse now has stains of scarlet going up the collar and neck until the droplets meet the stat. And she is resolute.

She marches to her bed, sitting in it before the demon pushes her into a dark abyss. Falling over her duvet and letting her head rest against the fluffy pillows.

And her body becomes weak.

She is about to fall.

Back to her dark paradise.

He has been unfaithful. A shame. Scum.

Now, watering the land with his unceasing apologies in the form of salty water, asks for the worst pf the punishments for just the look he gave to the harpy camelia earlier asked him to accompany her.

He can hear its malevolent laughter, how its snicker resonates throughout the forest. And he can't get out the image of the rose over the pale, the way the humidity made the peanut darken. Why he can't? That camelia isn't his azalea.

Prays for a punishment.

"Get her fucking things OUT!"

With tears running down pale hills and a perpetual hammering from his head until the pain comes to be unbearable, he is trying not to have a seizure in front of his mother. He doesn't want to concern or unnerve her more than the woman was already.

Her things were still there.

Her aroma was everywhere. Her smiles, taste, touch, face, laugh, voice, soft curls, green emerald irises. Every—fucking—where. Even the language and phraseology she utilized was in his mind and left his own lips.

It would be always her.

Fucking her — and not in the pleasurable and lascivious way.

A gasp more similar to a hoarse sob, broke free from the back of his throat only to tear it apart when his back collided with the wall behind him. Slowly, he fell on the floor with his knees close to his chest and head hidden on his arms. His hands fisted his hair and pulled it trying to somehow restrict his pain to go ahead.

Good god, he was crumbling from within.

Every part of his being is in agony.

His room is a disaster, bottles of Fire Whiskey and Gin were half-full or simply empty all over the corners and desk of the room. The clothes he had worn two days ago remained on his body, his bed was undone and many things were broken or over the floor.

His body was burning in fever and rage. His insides are on fire. Aching. Breaking.

He wishes he could rip his heart out and beat it with a hammer just to stop this relentless pain.

He's suffocating in his own pain and rage.

Why was he even reacting that way? Since fucking when he cared so much about a person hating him — or leaving him? What was his bloody problem?

It had sense she hated him. At least for him, it did.

He was a vile, cruel and selfish piece of shite. He has been a bastard with her a lot of times. He has hurt her and make her cry since their eyes crossed.

He is a burden. He knows it. For fucking everyone. His mum, his father, his friends, for her.

He had closed evert single way out of his selfish and possessive word. Erased all the paths and block the end of the riddle.

But, in his rage and despair, he had opened the ways out for her. He had reconstructed the paths that lead to the finish line. Had guided her himself to the end of the riddle.

And has made her collapse.

And now... Now she wasn't there anymore.

She is gone. Has run.

Far away from him. Away from his rage, his problems, his insecurities, his jealousy, his possession.

And he is so fucking angry with himself, with her, with everyone.

He even wishes for death because the pain is so overpowering that it feels as if he will never be whole again, that nothing can ever be right again. He feels totally and completely hopeless, loveless.

Because some knight in shining whatever has just forcibly breached and intruded his castle in search of the Queen. Has ridiculed the beast that safeguarded the treasure in the highest tower. Has yanked the glorious treasure from the dragon's claws and then pierced his flaky skin with his stupidly gleaming sword. Right in the middle of the dragon' heart. Deep. Penetrating the hard skin and thousands of barriers.

Now the dragon didn't have his treasure anymore. He was now slaved in his own castle, surrounded by hate and rage, surrendered to the pain and suffering.

The beast is crying. Roaring and wailing. Restrained by the chains around him. Unable to breathe. Burning inside because of his own fire.

It feels like it. Being enchained to the castle that falls apart every time he pulls his penalty. Cannot escape slavery. The chaos. The rage.

Without her. It feels like it. Pulling something that doesn't exist just to try and die from the attempt. But he can't die. He deserves to be punished.

That was the reason for the barriers. The shield surrounding his selfish and possessive world. Protecting and hiding his most valuable possession.

Because under those awful and sarcastic words, icy eyes that don't reflect anything but superiority, blank expression and vague actions, there is a beating heart made of crystal.

A heart that aches. That takes mean comments literally and fights to not take the command. A heart that has been damaged and broken. That cries sometimes.

How to fix a crystal that has been broken by his own choices?

How to fix himself if he broke his own rules?

He's so fucking exhausted.

So fucking overwhelmed.

Keeps fucking hurting as if it had just happened.

He really, really, really wants to make the things he said reality. Wants to really hate her with all the broken pieces of his being. Wants to repulse her so bloody much that he throws up. Wants to be annoyed by her. Wants to not want her.

He can't fucking breathe.

Because... Holy hell... No. He can't even say it.

He can't. He isn't going to say it. It is a foreign and prohibited word now.

Nobody gets to say it.

If he isn't able to have her and saying it to her, no one in this fucked up world has the right to do it — even if it isn't to her.

That word does not exist anymore.

It burns just thinking about it.

He can't pick up the pieces. Can't touch them.

So the tears keep falling. The sobs dying against his arms. Screams that fight to get out but don't get it. Fever that sets on fire his insides. He is just sitting there, getting pangs and crying hysterically. He has lost his appetite. Has lessened interaction with people.

It just snatches everything away. Everything comes crashing down in front of his eyes. No hopes. No desires. No courage to even pick up a fallen quill. Everything reminds him of her and those somedays before his agony.

Everything was fine until she came to his fucking life. Until her eyes so clear as crystal looked at his grey. Until her words were reassuring and her presence was his daily blessing.

The stars were his happy place.

His star was his happy place.

Now he doesn't have his own star anymore.

And every single one looks the same. Brights equally as the one who exploded.

But they aren't the same. His star is unique. Brights by her own. Holds the moon together.

"Get her out," he says under his breath letting his hands relax before fisting again his hair. "Just get her out..."

Her voice isn't there anymore. Her sweet whispers in his ear telling him everything was fine. Her hand running through his hair.  Softly. Delicate. Sweetly.

"I'm here, I won't go anywhere."

        But yet you did. You left.

       You promised you wouldn't. Promises are meant to be broken, aren't they?

        And I want to hate you, but I don't. I want to broke my own promise, but I can't. Because you are as broken as I am.

The somebody who before would bleed for him while picking up his broken pieces isn't there anymore.

And god, he misses her.

In her favourite book, the man in love with his azalea after quitting to everything that didn't let him be with his own everything, spent all his money on constructing a beautiful glass covering with mesmerising and elegant gold decorations.

Nobody would get close to her again. Nobody would ever get him away from her.

The flowers decorating the rest of the clearing were withering. The man, not caring about anyone but his azalea, had started walking over her sisters and brothers. Stepping over them only to reach his treasure. The mud from his shoes had now already drowned them in it. They were dirty. Filthy. Didn't have value for anyone. Had been forgotten.

He had made sure no one else knew about the clearing — or the forest at all. He had constructed a barrier with signals saying the path was dangerous and prohibited. Until that day, no one had ever dared to put a foot there.

The other people didn't really care about seeing flowers or animals and insects going around in their freedom. They weren't interested in discovering nature. Their closed and poor minds were only focused on banal, vulgar and carnal things. Aspects of life that didn't have a worth in anything but the material and corrupted world they all lived in.

And god, he was grateful every single person in that grey world was an ignoramus who didn't care about anything else but their egoist and pitiful selves. He was really pleased about it. No one would ever interrupt his and his azalea's peace. Nobody would ever break the glass covering to steal the gold decorating it.

But the glass covering couldn't be completely perfect.

Camellia. The camellia.

The woman, noticing — like no one else had done it — that the man wasn't going to work, had decided to ask her boss the motive of his disappearance just one day after she had said to him it would be a good idea to go out.

Personal motives, he had said.

The camellia didn't know him at all, but she had been observing him for a couple of months now. Seeing how his behaviour was with the rest of their colleagues. He didn't talk and just moved his head to respond. Seldom he got something to correct. People didn't notice his existence until they needed something from him — then they asked a friend if he was new in the company, though he had been working there for ten years — just to not make contact again.

Her friends had said she should stop having a big heart and pity for everyone, that maybe he just didn’t like to be surrounded by people and should stop with her obsession. She had rolled her eyes — because it wasn't an obsession, it was just being friendly — and, when the opportunity came, decided he wouldn't have to feel alone anymore.

Such a surprise she got when he even looked annoyed and infuriated with her presence. Not a very nice gesture on his part, certainly, but she had just believed it was because he had a kind of incapability or mental condition. Autism, perhaps.

Even though he had shown no interest in even looking at her for more than one half-second, she was determined to make him talk to her. To give him a friend or simply someone who would be by his side at lunch.

The flower he had been drawing resulted familiar to her. The camellia didn't remember the name of it at that instant, but after doing a bit of research, she found her answer. A blue azalea.

The next day, thinking perhaps she had scared him with her abrupt behaviour and bold question, she carried with her a small bouquet of blue azaleas as a way to get a second chance.

Another surprise she had been received with when his things and presence weren't there anymore when she arrived at her work.

She had been even more surprised when she found out about his resignation.

Curious, the camellia had asked her boss if he could give her the man's address. Fortunately, the universe was by her side and her boss had said yes.

The street with lined white houses where the man lived was quite noiseless. Just a few birds and the leaves crunching due to the breeze. Pools of the clouds' tears remained on a few parts of the pavement. Elegant, small bushes that were faultlessly cut in a rectangular manner adorned each house.

When she was in front of his door, her eyes caught a schedule fixed on the wall near the kitchen. The windows were too clear and big, though some dust blurred her vision.

Most of it was completed — the green checks were the most notorious part. Though, she frowned when the following weeks were incomplete. From the day she had last seen him from the actual day. Two weeks later.

She tried using the doorbell, nobody answered. Knocking on the door wasn't very much helpful either. Nobody was home.

One more time, she saw through the window trying to catch what he would be doing if he would have followed his schedule.

The word forest made her smile. She knew about that place and, fortunately, it was close.

When she got there, the dead flowers made her frown once more and feel a bit sad. She hated seen them wither and couldn't be able to do anything. Nonetheless, her smile came back when the sight of him came to view.

The man, who had been laid down next to his lover while talking under his breath about how he felt that day, get up quickly hearing footsteps.

"Hi," again, rose blooming her cheeks. Hazelnut is his least favourite colour and, the way they look at him to then drift to the ground, is becoming annoying.

No word uttered from him. Though he has thousands of things to yell and other few millions of questions. What the ever-loving hell was she doing in his forest? Why was she there?

"I — well, er—" the camellia's voice is certainly the most fastidious thing in the world. "You quit work..."

And why do you care, he thought.

"Just—" and why is she chuckling? "It seems quite stupid and I know I'm nobody to you but I wanted to know if you—"

His rage glows. Emanates from every pore of his body. Eyes piercing hers while narrowing. Camellia was looking at his azalea.

"Oh," she frowned. "You shouldn't keep it like that,   it   is going to wither."

Without letting her small handbag go, she approached him — his azalea, better said.

Pale hand about to touch forbidden gold.

He pushed her. She fell in the mud.

"S-Sorry," mutters, tries to stand up before while glancing every now and then his azalea to then look at him. "I-I — I didn't want to—"

But he doesn't have a mind to tell him what is correct and what is illegal or should be simply discussed.

He has already hit her with a shovel he had close. Her head is bleeding. She seems unconscious. Maybe dead.

His eyes look at his azalea.

What are we capable of doing for the person we cherish and idolise the most?

If someone tells you that is only going to hurt. If someone warned you that the fire is going to burn.

Would we walk in? Would we let the other person lead us even when they are also blind?

At what cost we want to maintain that person exclusively to ourselves?

What are we willing to give?

Our hours? Our days? Our hearts? Our lives? The life of somebody else?

What about one's mind?

But, first of all, what is the mind?

It certainly knows itself, knows its own essence with certainty, even when it seeks itself, it is certain about itself. But the mind is not certain that it is the brain, or atoms, or an arrangement of flesh, or anything else that is material.

So it is not part of the essence of the mind to be the brain, or atoms, or an arrangement of flesh, or anything else that is material.

However, it is by no means certain whether is air, or fire, or a body, or anything of a body. So, it is, therefore, none of these things.

The mind knows itself directly, without the mediation of a mental image or any other representation. But the mind knows material things only via the mediation of a mental image or some other representation.

So, the mind is not part of the essence of the mind to be the brain, or atoms, or an arrangement of flesh, or anything else that is material.

It's not a material thing.

Because the mind thinks of fire in the same way as it thinks of any other bodily thing of which it wonders. It can no way happen that it should think of which itself is, in the same way it thinks of which is not by means of an imaginary phantasy, nor is it said to be all of these, but one or the other of them.

It would think of it by a kind of inward presence not feigned but real — for there is nothing more present to it than itself; just as it thinks that it lives, and remembers, and understands, and wills. And if it adds nothing from these thoughts to itself, so as to regard itself as something of the kind, then whatever still remains to it of itself, that alone is itself.

Draco has been thinking about it a lot. At least when he isn't lost in his blank space.

Because — well, he has lost his mind.

He sees the mind as the soul of the body. The flesh of every sensation. None could survive or entirely live without the other. They need each other. Like a bond. The strongest one. It cannot be broken.

Or else, we collapse.

Back to the beginning. We lost our minds, therefore, we lost ourselves.

What are we willing to give for the person we cherish and desire the most?

His mind. His sanity.

He would bathe in all the lights with her. Rise up, come and meet in the sky. Have their own constellation.

And if they are jumping from the heights of it, he would trust her. He would fall in the name of love — if it was.

Because, when there is turmoil, obsession, the poison travelling in his head and the agony merged with pain leave him broken in his bed, he knows she would hold him in the depths of his despair.

Or, at least, that had been before.

In what was before, he will always be her hero. What kept her sane. And maybe it was sick that all those battles were what kept them satisfied, but — god, he just wants to fight with her. Before they would have smiled about knowing that no matter how many violent words, empty threats they say or how many knives they put in each other's backs, they will always have the other's backs because they were that lucky.

With her, he is in his fucking mind; without her, he is out of it.

He has given his mind to her. Has made her his mind. His centre of control.

Because he doesn't have a mind anymore. She has his own in her property.

How could he get his mind back?

He doesn't want to see her, or hear her or even smell her.

Because, goodness sake, she is fucking everywhere. At every fucking second of his pathetic existence.

A scream tore through the before silent bedroom. The darkness devouring and inundating it all. A deep hole without ending. The more you look at it, the darkest it gets. It is tyrannical.

Another anguished shout originated from him while his long limbs jerked and twisted in the sheets of his far way big and tragically half-empty bed. With a face paler than snow and a sheet of grey decorating his contorted features, his hands clenched and unclenched in the attempt of holding onto something.

"PLEASE! NO! NO! SAVE HER!"

Suddenly, a flash of light intruded the gloomy room, making its own path and burning the monsters away while walking towards a pale-blond boy. A hurried flash with footsteps.

A narcissus leapt into action, letting go the fabric of her grey, long nightgown and leaving her wand on the nightstand to be able and place her hands firmly on the aides of his damped face.

"Draco!" she called. "Wake up, it's just a nightmare."

His whole body jerked and trembled fitfully at the moment her cold touch was on him. Blue-grey eyes snapped open while trying to awkwardly sit on the bed. His gaze fixed quickly on her, panicked and terrified. He was panting, exhausted. Still shedding tears.

"I'm here, my dragon," she murmured soothingly while smiling weakly before running her fingers through his hair. "You're safe, I'm here."

Draco's eyes still darted around the room, his chest heaving as he breathed in too hard and too fast. As if he couldn’t understand that she really was in front of him and it wasn't the beginning of another nightmare. A familiar and more realistic one.

And Narcissa thinks her son's childhood was mostly a traumatic experience.

Because she remembers those implores. She bloody hears them every time. His cries and attempts to save her.

To do something. To not be alone and spend the rest of his life with the ghost of his unconscious mother between his arms thinking she was dead before adding to the lots of persons that had abandoned him. To try and not be mad at his mother, the only person he still had left, for leaving him so soon and without explanation.

Now that ghost has become someone else.

Before anything gets worse, she immediately conjures a bucket and put it under him before he promptly threw up in it. Body still shaking. Tears mixing with the acid.

A gasp, a breath... And then Draco's shoulders shook as he retched into the bucket again.

Narcissa summoned a washcloth and a recipient with water to damp it. She preferred to do it herself than calling a house-elf — even Mipsy —, she has unfortunately gone through this circumstance so many nights that knows how it works. Both as a victim and caretaker.

Her helpfulness has saved her own husband, son and her precious Leevanna — and she prays for her to have someone who would take care of her the way she does.

She is grateful for remembering using the Muffliato spell on Lucius before going to bed. He wouldn't have understood and, even if he was willing to help and not only look, she knows everything would have gone wrong.

Her son's petition to Mipsy of maintaining the dark curtains closed made the only light be generated by Narcissa's wand. Light that reflected off his glistening back and arm's skin.

Narcissa suppressed her own heartache and touched the cloth to the back of his neck. He, instinctively, tried to shrug the cold off with a squirm, but another wave of sickness took his attention before a gasp broke free from his lips. His knuckles white against the rim. Trying to hold himself. The pieces of a broken existence.

She knows he is exhausted.

Eventually, his body spent and she started to rub his back soothingly while pushing away his damped hair from his forehead. Gently pressing the washcloth to his neck and face.

Narcissa pulled the bucket from his grip and vanished it all together with a flick of her wand before conjuring a glass of water to hand it to him. She gave him another smile at his abandon of fending her off.

"Same dream?" her voice low before her lips left a kiss on his temple. He nodded and managed another small gulp before giving her the glass. His body still suffering mild spasms and aftershocks. Narcissa left the glass on the nightstand before encircling his beck with her arms to attract him to her and sigh. "Oh, my dear dragon..." his forehead against her shoulder. "I'm here, okay? I won't leave."

His eyes were squeezed shut and his jaw clenched tight. Trying to fade away the memories. The ghosts.

But he could no longer hold the tears at bay.

With his body still trembling, his hands fisted his mother's nightgown with all his strength.

She held him all the tighter.

"She was there, mummy," he finally rasped under his breath. "I couldn't do anything... She was... Was..." he broke off with a gasp and held her small frame with such force that Narcissa thought he may break her bones. But she didn't care. She closes her eyes tightly and fights her own tears back as her son cried against her shoulder, "I d-didn’t s-save her… I didn’t save you… I can't..."

And Draco broke down.

Narcissa gathered his pieces. Held them together and trying to keep them safe between her arms.

He clung to his mother, his trembling hands scrabbling for purchase, seeking to find a tether anywhere he could reach. Arms gripping her tightly as he lost complete control of his emotions.

As he loses his mind again, weeping and chocking out implores against her skin, "Get her out... Get her fucking out…"

Narcissa could only embrace tight the pieces of the human being she had given life. Keeping her fingers running delicately through his hair all the while, never ceasing the rhythm as he practically howled in agony. Trying to combat the monsters in her son's closet.

Trying to fight the memories.

Draco's mind was screwed up. It was a mess.

The nightmares didn't even have sense anymore.

It could be him reviving the day he thought his mother had died between his arms or maybe seeing her instead of his father leaving Malfoy Manor to not come back ever again. Other times the dreams would be about a dark hole where he could not get out — it absorbed him, becoming bigger and bigger. Just a hole. A dark space. Some times he didn't remember at all what the nightmare had been about. He just woke up sweating and breathing heavily after a shout.

He had seen her death many times. He killing her. He torturing her. He handing her to the Dark Lord. She leaving. Again.

The first days were the worst. The unceasing crying and unendurable headache. The memories of his childhood haunted him. Ghosts waiting to scare the ever-loving fuck off him.

His mother was always there with him to ameliorate his endless pain. During the time he remained in Malfoy Manor, a fever had possessed his body, making his heartbeat resonate in his skull leaving him weak.

Lucius had asked where was she, he had just closed his eyes and clenched his jaw before saying 'Gone'. His father hadn't said anything else, just nodded frowning lightly before turning to glance at his wife. The business with the Dark Lord was further crucial and germane than his son going through an agonising heartbreak that was killing him slowly from the inside. Surely. He would leave, like always, and don't come back until his necessity of being next to his beloved and praised wife become priority number one.

He hadn't anything else to return either. He wouldn't do it for Draco — if he hadn't done it the first time, certainly he wouldn't do it now. The one he considered more of his blood than his own son, wasn't in the house anymore, he couldn't feel proud of someone. And, if anything else, it was Lucius Malfoy who he was talking about. His father wouldn't ever, in a million years, talk about such superfluous and meaningless thing like feelings. And Draco wasn't going to do it either.

Draco was fine alone. He has been accustomed to that. Not having someone. Suppress what his unnecessary existing heart could ever feel. Control the things that surround him.

He is good at that. Or well, was.

If he was still good, he would have been able to control her and the things she did. He would have been able to say 'Stop' and froze her in time. He would have said something and she would have obeyed — because he would be able to control her. He would have ended with whatever thing they had in between. He would have been able to control who was near her.

He would have stopped her. She wouldn't have left — him.

And now there is nothing else he yearns more than being able to control things around him.

Salazar he does. He needs to have control of someone again.

But then... The only someone he wants to have control over is her.

When it came to her, he had no control over himself. Not even his own mind. That bitch, honestly.

It was addictive and sickening, as the wrong sort of love sometimes is. He took it as seriously and with as much devotion as a religion, for him having control over her mind and knowing she had control over his, it was something so pure and sacred that he didn't even bother in believing in a sort of god. For her... well — he doesn't know how it was for her. He couldn't read her mind.

But then, if he had had real control over her, he could have read her mind.

Towards the end, he has seen her reality. Her true form. That precious face that seemed to have been carved by angels fell off. What lay underneath was homely. That tiny waist and thin body were just for show. The curls he once had idolised, now had wither and their texture was raspy, without life or glow. There was nothing to hold on to. It just hurts to see all that ugliness. What he thought was a snowstorm was nothing but a snowflake.

She is a fucking parasite hosting so fucking comfortably in his insides.

Still, he keeps being bloody addicted to her.

But goddess sake, he is a masochist and — and, bloody hell, he has a love-hate relationship with what has she done to his mind.

This is the worst sort of fight he is having with himself.

Because he repulses her with all his soul. So much that maybe not even the whole bloody cosmos could be even approximated to this knowledgeable but yet so unwelcome sensation inside him. It is bitter and harsh and makes him want to throw up.

And, oh, he really does wish he could be able and tear apart his heart and mind just to forget about her. To stop seeing her in his fucking nightmares. He just wants to fucking drain all the sweet venom she has injected in him. Wants to end with it. Dear Lord, he is bloody praying for a fucking antidote to the bloody poisoning that he himself wanted to receive. He couldn't even breath right because in every sort of way her aroma gets to leak through his nostrils.

He wants to kill her. Wants her dead.

Maybe that way he would be able to get her out.

But then, there is another part of him. That part that praises her as if she was a kind of goddess for him. He wants to watch her sleep so peacefully every fucking day while he is next to her. Watching every move and breathe. Waiting for someone who could hurt her and he would kill.

That part of him that, if she ever owled him again, he would run to her no matter how many times in the night it would be. That part of him that was so strong and was fighting so ferociously for having her back. To have to drink her venom forever as if it was a drug he wouldn't mind being addicted to.

An he is so tired of it all, of trying to really hate her, and he would be so happy to receive a letter from her part... Maybe she felt the same way... Perhaps she does miss him... Wants him back... Hasn't forgotten him... And you know what? He is so willing to let that part of him win over.

He is so fucking willing to give a shite about everything and go after her. Say he would be with her forever. Have total control over her beautiful but dangerous existence.

Then, the other part says: 'What if she doesn't even remember you? What if she says you just were a toy to kill time for her? She hates you. He has left you.'

And that part is right, he would only make a fool of himself. All would burn into flames again. Would leave him breathless and with a nasty scar.

But he doesn't mind. He would gladly drain himself dry for her.

Because he, in a plain so immense, as immense as the sky, he would prune a garden so her body could sleep. In a thick and wide sea, fucking wider than the universe, he would build a boat for the dreams navigate with her. And on a dark night, like the purest ebony, he would stop time only to dream by her side about her and how their feel is eternal.

See? Hopeless and messed up.

And he would end up so broken because of it.

Narcissa hadn't wanted to let him go back to Hogwarts, but Draco escaped. He had literally escaped.

He couldn't be in his room anymore, not with her aroma everywhere and her things still in his drawers — even her bloody body creams were in his room. When he arrived at Hogwarts, her things were already gone off his private room, he supposed Lhu had taken them away. And Merlin, he was so bloody grateful. How magnanimous of her to leave him without his torture.

But now he misses it. Her aroma dancing with the air, floating towards his nostrils to enter every particle of his body.

        Decide, you want it or you want it out.

And it's killing him.

His dreams and wonders are infected with the ghosts of her shadows and the deep, hollow aches of his heart where his grey, tormented thunderstorm meets her pure, clear emerald and the agony decides to sing thrillingly against him and his lyrical anguish.

And gods, he could shape on a piece of old parchment with a feather wetted in dark liquid about how his unwanted, fragile, reckless muscle that palpitates in broken pieces, aches in her craved but yet so hated absence.

How to get her out. How to get her out.

He just wants her out. Wants his mind back.

Every single fucking thing is infested.

That little fucking  cunt.He wanted to kill her. Choke her. Stab her. Run her over with a truck full of anvils. Leave her without any fucking air until the light of life left her pretty eyes. He wanted her to suffer the most torturous way of dying, so Avada her was out of the list. Maybe open her up and start pulling her insides out one by one and watch her bleed to death.

And then... Then he dreams of her.

It is, most of the time, a spring field, breeze so fresh and feelingly, petals of different colours attached to their yellow centres with adorning the bright green and long undergrowth. Sun rays reflect over the pale. Her fingers brushing his. And, oh, she smiles at him, laughs. Her eyes, oh her eyes. So clear as crystal and so fortunate as emeralds, glittering, hypnotising him. Black and white curls floating with the breeze just like her clothes. And he can see her so clearly...

Other times is winter. The snow falls over her while she smiles and raises her hand to take a snowflake and make a wish. She plays as id she was a child. And calls him — his name. Smiling. Nose and cheeks rosy. She is asking him to join her... And how he could say no to her?

For those reasons, he prefers not to dream. Or even wonder. He is afraid of it.

He can't close his eyes. Neither if the dream is pretty or the nightmare is terrifying he wants to see it. He just can't do it. Doesn't want to.

And he is so tired of feeling the cold against his cheeks when the tears fall just like how the rain does. He is exhausted of feeling.

How he could just stop? He wants to stop.

And he is there. Trying not to miss her too much. With the remaining cold still being a breeze and the stars shining not so brightly.

He has tried so hard not to let the tears fall.

The dungeons, though the snakes prefer being alone, are decorated with heart-shaped diamonds and papers and much more he doesn't have the willingness to see. It sickens him.

Because the memories are still there. Fresh.  "Rouge is   definitely   your colour.""Shut it," he growled running the fingers of his right-hand, hearing her chuckle while eating one of the Chocoballs he had bought for her.

She chocked due to her sudden laughter, "Let's call the Sorting Hat, it may have made a mistake," he narrowed his eyes at her as his cheeks turned rosy making her laugh even more.

"I know," she chuckled leaving her sweets aside and opening her suitcase to start rummaging. "Here, now you idolise me."

The blond, still seeing himself in the mirror he had conjured, frowned before turning to see her, "Why would I—"And the perfectly   wandless   made, silver bow wasn't the first thing that caught his attention. Their Breaths   by Beatrix Bloxam. Six thick books. Being held by her hands."Look, they're heavy and I'm a thin stick, so could you grab them and say 'Oh, Vaughan, you're best than me and—"

And instead of holding the books carefully, he threw them to the floor and grabbed the edge of her jaw to kiss her. And the chocolate merged with the Straw-minty-berry provokes fireworks inside his mouth.

He can feel it. How her soft lips devoured his. The texture of her skin when her fingers tangled with his. The way her body modelled against his own.

He took her by the waist with one hand making her laugh and attracting her to him. He sat her with her back to him and began to leave kisses on the back of her neck.

He can hear her laugh. Remembers how it made him feel. So joyful and beautiful. Like a symphony the angels would play all day and night.

And he feels so alone.

And it is absurd. Ludicrous.

He has been alone most of his life. Rejecting what the other persons would enjoy and crave. Because he was fine with accepting persons would leave at any moment. At least he discovered how to control death, persons would leave. Because he was fine without receiving affection from someone else.

He had protected himself with a glass covering. He had circled his barriers with venomous thorns that would kill anyone who dared to try and touch his fragility.

And now he was with his back against a railing and his legs close to his chest. With various flowers surrounding him.

White tulips. Stripped carnations. Dark buttercups. Butterfly weeds. Petunias. Black roses.

None similar to her perfume.

He is going to pitch himself from the Astronomy Tower if he doesn't find a way to fucking recreate her aroma.

Soon drops of water against his skin make him growl and feel sorrowful and pathetic. He is starting to hate the rain.

        You don't need her. You don't need her. You don't need her.

That fragile is his auto control.

He is about to start screaming for the rain to stop falling over him... When he realises the drops are tears. His tears. Falling. Endlessly.

Not even the stars could make him feel better.

Because he needs his star.

With his eyes fixed on the flowers carelessly thrown, realises that there's is again. Gallows of humour. A short, almost breathy chuckle escaping his lips.

He doesn't deserve a star.

What has he done to deserve a star?

He doesn't deserve anything.

One of these days he is going to end up killing himself if he doesn't come up with some idea of how to control this situation.

        You are an idjit. Git.

Tell him something he doesn't know. Honestly.

"Wondered when I would see ya."

His eyes look up finding hair that he wouldn't know when to say it is on fire or not.

Hair he didn't think about seeing again after what has happened.

"Deciding flowers for a funeral or a wedding?" the redhead asked walking towards him and nodding at the flowers around him. Draco followed him with his eyes and in silent, wondering why he was talking to him. The redhead ended up seating by his side with a leg stretched and the other flexed to be his arm's support. The blond is incredulous. "So? Wedding or funeral?"

And he didn't know if he had the voice to talk and not break right there.

"What are you doing here?"

The redhead shrugged and turned his head to look at the flowers, Draco looked at them too. "I needed air, I guess."

Incredulous was not enough.

More when he keeps talking, "The air is a bit dense down there, ya know? Tense, more than anything," talking as if nothing had happened. "I think we all are going a bit barmy... Lhu more than anyone, I think."

Draco tried to remain with a blank expression while trying to concentrate on the petals, but lately, he doesn't have control of anything. His eyebrows had raised.

Not being able to believe Lhu Oneyl would ever lose her patience and thread of sanity.

Because — well — Lhu is... Is Lhu. She doesn't lose her senses just like that.

The only time Draco had seen her exploding was when some sod from Slytherin had started talking obscenities about her and how now she was now a 'Gryffindor slut'. Only Salazar knows the fate Lhu gave the imbecile. That had been last year.

"Buy her ice-cream," the blue-grey-eyed mutters.

His companion let out a laugh while shaking his head in denial, "I don't think that would solve the problem."

Draco shrugs, faintly and lazily.

"And she isn't my witch," the redhead continues. "Isn't my duty to make her feel better, isn't it?" and this time the short laugh resulted bitter. "I could, though, let her know she isn't alone and it's fine to explode sometimes... But it isn't my responsibility... She is not my witch."

"That nobody else has realised you fancy her."

Draco could feel the body of his companion tense at his words. He almost let out a short laugh.

The redhead shook his head. "I don't fancy her."

        And I don't miss her.

"Then why you came up here to take air?"

The blond knows he wasn't there because he needed air. He himself has used that excuse many times that now the persons really believed him and he has started to believe it too. But this redhead? He is such a bad, bad lair.

Draco, since he was a child, has been good at observing. People, objects, details, reactions, situations.

That was one of the reasons he could appreciate art without feeling bored.

He is very good at it. Extremely.

And the fact this redhead isn't very good at hiding his feelings or intentions.

"Why are you here, Fred?"

"No," he interrupts coldly. "Why are you here?"

He hears him sigh. Slowly. Trying to find the words.

"Things aren't good down the stars, mate," he begins. "There are nights in which none of us sleeps and we just hear her... Scream... Cry," his hand grabs a white tulip to start fidgeting it. "And — and Lhu is now crying and doesn't know what to do anymore."

Draco closed his eyes. His jaw clenched. Body tense. Head hammering.

"And I know you don't own me anything—"

Draco shook his head lightly. Resting it importance.

"Right — er — but I really need something to get Lhu to at least catch her breath a second at night."

Draco pursed his lips before moistening them with his tongue while trying to catch his own breath. He is Occluding. He hadn't realised it at the moment, but he is doing it. Unconsciously trying to avoid seeing the images of her having nightmares.

"There's a book," he starts, "hidden between the other ones because it is Muggle. It is similar to a diary and small, colour black," at the sight of the thrown flowers his heart aches a bit more. "Let her read it... Or tell someone else to read."

And he really wishes not to know her at all. That she was just a stranger between the crowd.

The redhead nodded and grabbed another white tulip before turning to see the blond.

"Thank you," Draco shrugged. Again resting it importance. He really wishes not knowing that little detail that is helpful. "You're not a bad guy, y'know?"

His body went tense.

"Just go," he murmurs with his eyes closed.

Fred nodded once more and sighed, "Fine," before standing up.

And though Draco has trouble with admitting he owes something to a Weasley, he knows he does.

The redhead hadn't asked him why he was in the middle of the night at the Astronomy Tower with flowers around him and with rain which ended up being tears. He hadn't said anything at all about that but his stupid question. Draco wasn't going to tell him anything either. He doesn't want to. And, somehow, he knows his companion doesn't want to know either.

Fred, trying to remember what was the meaning of white tulips in his mind, can breathe knowing his friend hadn't committed a stupidity yet. He wouldn't ask about the tear or the flowers, nor about what had happened. He wouldn't tell him either about the green-eyed's multiples attempts of suicide. It wouldn't do any good. Knows the blond is in pain too.

And he turns around at the sound of his name.

Draco first isn't exactly looking at him, if not at the stripped carnations and black roses, but then he looks up a little and fights back the tears and the feeling of being torn apart with every word.

"Lhu's like my little sister, just like the other pair," he murmurs. "So don't play games."

Fred smiled and nodded once again before completely going this time.

Leaving Draco alone.

With the weight of tears he doesn't want to let fall and the rage he doesn't want to hold back.

After the man hit the camellia with the shovel, he stared at the dead body for a couple of minutes. Wondering if it was enough. If he didn't have to use all his strength on it.

When his eyes fixed again on his precious and pure Azalea, his heart fluttered again full of joy because her petals were shining brightly at him. Staring at him with such cheerfulness and love. Her core called him, in whispers, saying how much she wanted him to immerse himself completely in her and get lost in the softness of her insides.

So he pushed the withered body of the camellia with the shovel until it was in the middle of the clearing. Once he made sure the distance was the correct one, he started to excavate a deep hole enough large for the body to fit in.

A few hours later he the hole was ready and he pushed the body with the shovel again to put it inside. He stopped for a moment.

It had moved. The body. It had breathed.

Before it could do something else, he threw the dirt as fasts as he could. He didn't care. He was just throwing dirt. No one would notice. If someone ever reached that part of the forest and asked why all the clearing was dirt except for around his Azalea, he would say he was pulling out the bad weed.

Or he would simply use the shovel again.

According the days kept passing, some unnatural and unusual sentiment plagued the body of the man. It occurred every time he looked at the now covered hole in the middle of the clearing. He wondered if maybe the camellia was moving inside, between the dirt and the petals of the flowers. If it was chocking with the worms inside its mouth.

This caused a few problems with his Azalea.

He thought she was frowning at him. The scarcity of water falling had made two of her petals deepen as if the flower could grimace.

The man started arguing with her saying she shouldn't look at him like that because all he did was for her and her only. But she kept looking at him with all her disdain. And he started yelling... Before apologising endlessly and swearing none other flower would ever get in the middle again.

But the now familiar still yet so unnatural emotion he felt every time he glanced, even because of a mistake, at the centre of the clearing, was still there. Haunting him. Making him sleep with an eye open before opening the two and stare at the sky or the leaves of the trees.

And he was going mental with the idea of covering the sight of his Azalea just for a moment. The desire of start excavating again just to see the dead body of the camellia again was killing him. The nights without sleeping were consuming him. His thoughts were eating him alive.

And maybe Draco hasn't killed a body as an homage to his own kind of azalea, but certainly the two last sentences described his days in the actuality pretty perfect.

The monster inside him was devouring him.

"We're goin' another way," Lee said, taking her arm, she frowned confused. "Just... Let's go," he smiled softly at her passing an arm through her shoulders walking away from the corridor through which Draco came.

Lee did not want him close to her.

Nobody still knew what had happened, but they preferred not to ask.

Leevanna squirmed at his touch and took a step aside.

Lee smiled and avoided focusing on her pale face and dark red circles. The bandages that remained around her arm. So he talked.

"Have you think about what I told you?" she nodded. "And? What do you say?" she nodded again with a small and soft smile. "Well, today we have practice in a few hours, do you want to go?" after she nodded for third time, her gaze drifted to the garden where Lhu and the twins were. Both began walking in that direction.

Draco looked at them from afar, he had heard what Lee said when he saw him in the corridor. How he had said they should go another way. Away from the destructive path he was.

He wasn't getting well or even trying to be at least fine. He had fever all the time, he felt weak all the fucking time. He was sick.Draco couldn't say  her  name without feeling that burning inside his throat.So he just didn't say her name. He didn't deserve to be able to say it.

He didn't sleep, he ate less than she did, he didn't leave his dorm and only a couple of days ago he had the encourage to do it. His room was a disaster and there were bottles of alcohol everywhere. He cried most of the time. He was starting to do drugs, at least the little bag which remained hiding in his dorm and he had found by chance.

But it didn't help at all.

It didn't make his brain fuzzy. He didn't feel the drowsiness or the warmth. It just made his head hurt even more. So he had started taking sleep pills. That at least let him drown in his dreams about her for two or one hours after weeks of being awake.

He also looked at the ring that his father had given him.

Draco was on the edge of madness. He was going really mental for not having her by his side.

Nobody could approach him without getting push away rudely or jump because he yelled to not receive any type of touch.

His mind wasn't even in class — if he had the willingness to assist — nor the Inquisitorial Squad, it really didn't matter to him anymore. Nothing mattered to him. Not even his own life.

He had tried — he had really tried to take all the sleep pills he could to fall in an eternal relief and dream. But his body didn't let him. His being always rejected the pills and made him puke them. Then he fell half-unconscious in his bed until the next day, when he regretted being able to breathe.

Draco also had anger attacks quite often.They began with seeing himself in the mirror by chance, then his view passed to  the  ring that remained in  that  velvet black box.The image of her leaving him came to his mind... Like torture.

And then followed a blow in the mirror.

Then another... And another... And another.

He passed a hand through his hair leaving traces of blood in some strands while breathing heavily feeling the air becoming scarce in every breathe.

He closed his eyes and tried to calm down... And the image coming out the door tortured his mind again.

The screams and growls began to get out of his throat. The bottles of alcohol started to crash onto the floor violently.

Then he threw the mirror frame to the floor and pushed the things off the desk before turning it over and crashing the desk chair onto the floor breaking it.

And when the whole room was immersed in chaos and disorder... His body slid through the wall until he sat down to the floor, his arms over his legs with his knees pressed to his chest and his face hidden between them while he cried.

She had fucking promised him to never leave him... But—

His gaze crossed with hers by chance, they hold it a few seconds and then he looked away. He didn't care much that his friends were with her and didn't approach him, after all, it was better that way.

He didn't deserve the pity of anyone.

He didn't deserve to be loved.He didn't deserve being loved by  her...He deserved the pain.

That was all he could think about.

That afternoon, the twins, Lee and Lhu, took Leevanna to The Room of Requirement, where Dumbledore's Army always gathered to practise after classes.

Leevanna isn't gracious with feeling nervous or disturbed. She hates it. Her fingers twitch just to start spasming. She concentrates too much on her breathing, how the air enters and leaves.

And the eyes staring at her as if she was half-unicorn, half-dragon, isn't helping.

She doesn't feel safe. Or comfortable. At all.

Start counting. See the stars.

"Imagine they're in underwear," he mutters in her ear before making her spin. "Tell me who's the funniest."

She wants to start crying.

Because she remembers that day so vividly. Through her ears leaks the melody of the waltz. The ghost of his touch is there.

Salazar, she can remember that day so perfectly.

The way his eyes stared at her eyes, how his gaze pierced her and her own caught how his pupil dilated and his irises became darker. How his hands brushed hers and his fingers travelled down and up her arm just to divagate across the rest of her body.

She wants to cry. Cry until she dehydrates.

Wants to hide at the end of the world. Urges to scream until her vocal cords break and blood sprouts from her mouth.

And she is panicking. She can't breathe. There is no air. No hope.

"Leevy," he muttered crouching down in front of her. "Look at me, love, breathe."

But she can't. How she could even feel the air if he was her air?

It burns just to think air could enter her nostrils. Hurts to breathe. Burns her lungs. Accompanies tears and sobs she isn't letting escape her throat.

Who is she going to look if she is alone? If no one is there, in front of her, calling her name, how is she going to be able to breathe?

"Can you look at me, love?" and she nods finding his gaze. "Good girl," he smiles grabbing her cheek. "Now do what I, love."

Imperceptibly, she starts inhaling deeply before exhaling slowly. Her fingers start spasming less and she can deconcentrate in her breathing.

She still wants to run. Hide. Cry. But she can wait some hours for that. She is sure she can at least resist this first meeting.

If she was now in a Slytherin meeting, her house-mates would have certainly walked towards her to ask her about school things or some other thing they would have wanted to know. They would have been showing her their progress in the classes she had been helping to understand.

But she wasn't in the serpents' nest anymore.

Everyone had started murmuring when they saw her arrive, she had forgotten completely that she was still part of the Inquisitorial Brigade.

She was surrounded by lions. Predators that wanted to end with her. Make her choke with her own venom.

If she was now in a Slytherin meeting, she wouldn't feel as if the rest is about to use their fangs to kill her.

She looked at Lhu scared and hid behind her. A familiar fellow she could rely on.

But not even having an ally by her side in the lion pack is comforting to her.

Because she knows they weren't whispering for Lhu, she was already part of the group a week before Christmas or so she had told Leevanna.

And they never whisper for Lhu Oneyl.

She is the good one, the girl who helps the first years to get to their classrooms on time. She is the kind of girl who shares and always has a bright smile across her face. The kind of girl who doesn't sleep around with boys just to get attention. The one who that if she has a problem, wouldn't make a mountain out of a molehill. She would be the hero of the story, the one who is worthy to observe.

Lhu is the girl who, even being a Slytherin, gets along with the ones she is supposed to be enemies with. And makes friends. Truly. Sincerely.

She is totally antagonistic.

A problem. A burden. The malignant tumour in her best friend's life.

"What is she doing here?" she heard some of the girls say at her friend. And that was a good question, what was she doing there?

"She is Malfoy's girlfriend, sure her presence is because Umbridge is coming," she recognised that voice. Alicia Spinnet, seventh year, Gryffindor.

"Slytherin, pff, her presence here is not welcome," and that voice was from Seamus Finnigan. She didn't expect less.

"Wonder if someone here has fucked her," the sneering voice of Zacharias Smith almost made her throw up right there.

Leevanna is used to murmurs, she has heard them all her life.

And although she doesn't care about many of them, it somehow gets to be a pain in the arse how the details of her private life leave the other people's mouth. Who were they to even give their filthy opinion on something that belongs to her?

"Leevy," he calls and her eyes finally meet his. "You're perfect, okay? You can be and study whatever  you  want. You can do whatever you want, whenever you want, I'm going to be there, yeah?" she nodded jerkily. "You're  my  witch, the others don't matter, don't care about them, okay?" she nodded again and he smiled before kissing her forehead.

Yes, she can do and be whatever she wants, whenever and however she wants. The others don't matter. She doesn't care.

        But am I still your witch?

        You promised to be there... And now you are gone... Why you are not here?

       Am I still someone to you?

She has millions of questions.

And no one could or would answer them.

And the more she feels, she suffers and suffocates.

Because drowning is truly the most beautiful way to die. You are seeping into nothingness and nothingness is seeping into you. You become one with the darkness. One with the cold. And it is a beautiful thing.

In her zone out of thoughts, she doesn't feel the brunette, who is just an inch taller than her, leaving a kiss on her forehead in a way to reassure her.

So lost in her silence that the murmurs for her have stopped being so noisy moments ago.

What snaps her out of her constant zone out, is George's voice, "Um — Harry?" he called the Golden Boy, who approached them after giving a look to his two best friends.

Her eyes dart across the room, observing the people who are observing her. Unconsciously she is half-narrowing her eyes as it is a manner she has formed according to the years.

"Huh, guys," Potter's voice came but didn't get her out of examining the others, "I don't want to be bad — but—"

         But she is a Slytherin and that's enough motive to judge her.

She can hear her conscience as if it was standing there next to her. Sneering at the words she has heard from other mouths before.

"She knows more spells than all of us, Harry," Fred spoke, and she could differentiate the glimpse of anger when another whisper towards her unwanted presence was to be heard. "No offence," Potter shook his head.

"Hey, she really needs this and she's not going to say anything to anyone," Lee promised. "She knows about this weeks before Christmas, she did a strange thing and got into my mind," and she certainly wants to kill him, because if he didn't shut his mouth he was only to make everything worse, "but she hasn't told anyone anything," he ended confessed to him and Potter nodded slowly.

That was the moment when a bushy head approached them. Hermione Granger in the flesh.

         Or we should say 'in the curls'?

        This isn't the moment for your jokes, snaps a second voice inside her.

"Er — I agree with the twins and Lee, Harry," the Gryffindor Princess said, giving a smile to the green-eyed. "She knows much more than us and can help us."

        Why? Because you couldn't get your arse to investigate more spells?

Fortunately, her mean thoughts don't leave her mind. Bit she has to bite her tongue to retain it.

        Brightest Witch of Our Age my arse.

But she can't stop it.

Because she is envious.

Envy is desperate, bitter.

Gnawing, relentless, festering.

Bubbling, spewing, gushing, overflowing.

Inevitable and endlessly aggravating.

Inescapable, hounding, frustratingly unwanted.

Envy is something we think we can avoid, yet it follows us everywhere.

But without envy and its ridiculously motivating anger that seems to pull us up when nothing else will, how would ever get anything done?

Because the only way to avoid envy is to avoid doing anything at all.

And she is so fucking envious of Hermione fucking Granger.

Because she, being a filthy combination of something that shouldn't have been, has all the things Leevanna could just dream of before it turns into a nightmare.

And she doesn't mean to call her a Mudblood but — that was the way she had been forced to grow. She has learned the ones like her (that is, Purebloods) deserve all the things she could dream of, even if it seemed impossible. She deserved to have them because it was her right, it belonged to her and no one else. She was first.

But when it came to an abomination like the ones with dirty blood, she has learned they don't deserve anything life could provide. They are filthy, mundane, scum. They don't deserve magic or even know about that privilege. They had stolen the essence of a magical being. They were the last ones.

And why does Leevanna feel as if her world was upside down? Why does she feel she is the scum and the rest what she is supposed to be?

Granger, even though not having the right to be in her world, has more than Leevanna.

She is first in almost every class when Leevanna was the one supposed to be in that place. She had first thought the Gryffindor had drunk Baruffio's Brain Elixir, but then... Nothing, the bird was brilliant on her own. Granger is loved by almost every student when Leevanna should be the idolised one.

Nobody is afraid of Granger because she is a Slytherin. If she does something wrong, it was a mistake, nobody saw it or would speak about it, she would even receive house-points for it, but Leevanna? Salazar, if she committed a tiny mistake, she would have to face millions of people judging her because she is the bad one.

Why does Granger have to be part of the Golden and Leevanna of the Silver?

It doesn't make any fucking sense.

Surely Granger was that type of girl with the perfect parents and childhood. That girl whose parents always picked her up from school and asked her how was her day just to receive her at home with her favourite lunch. Granger is that type of girl who didn't have to watch abominations happen in her backyard or cry every night because it was her fault. Granger didn't have nightmares. She didn't have stupid fears. The type of girl no one would abandon.

A Pureblood is never second to a Mudblood.

Or that is what she has heard for years.

But why does Leevanna feel as if she was second?

And why she can't use her power to punish someone who isn't supposed to go first?

         Because you are weak.

        No, snaps other voice, is because you are not your father.

Is she really? Why would that be? They have the same blood running through their bloodstreams.

        You are not a monster.

Why not? Because she tried to defend someone who wasn't supposed to?

It was her fault. She is guilty of what happened.

Soon, her thoughts are interrupted by a few voices speaking. She hasn't caught all of it, just the end.

"Ye-Yes, of course. Brilliant," Harry said blushing a little when Leevanna gave him a soft and gentle smile that isn't real.

She looked at Lhu, who smiled truly and moved her eyes as a signal to follow the Gryffindor Princess.

Leevanna thinks a second.

The people here don't want her to be there with them, they just have their mouths shut because their great saviour has said so.

Perhaps she can get something from all this.

"Huh — Mione?" Lee called her when both girls began to move away. "No — er — do not force her to talk, she won't," Granger nodded and dedicated a smile to the green-eyed, Lhu joined them.

Everyone dispersed and started to talk between them, some others were practising with their wands.

"Levicorpus," she heard one of the lions say.

Levicorpus? Really? A jinx that is so simple?

And when she heard Stupefy, she couldn't help but roll her eyes in annoyance.

Why weren't they learning more advanced things? She had known those spells since she was in her second year at Hogwarts.

First, she just dedicated herself to observe the kind of spells and jinxes they had been learning. None was enough advanced to compare the ones she knows or has learned according to the years. And it resulted estrange to her, they had all these shelves full of books about Dark Arts.

She wanted to ask why they were learning about something for her was so basic, but then she remembers almost no one there was entirely a Pureblood and surely most parents wouldn't dedicate themselves to teach their kids advanced magic.

       Fools, her inner voice scoffs.

Most of them are holding their wands wrong or don't know how to pronounce correctly. And she knows almost no one knows wandless magic or duelling in general. Hand-to-hand combat much less. What's more, they knew anything at all?

        So lame.

Her voice is nowhere to be found and she isn't going to make the effort to speak. And if she did, her words would be certain utterly bitter or reproachable, not very comforting for all the fools surrounding her.

Well, there was an exception.

She wasn't trying to be mean or anything, but she knows the Weasel-bee isn't much help when it came to duelling, she could decipher that with just a few seconds of observing. She hadn't seen him dance once at the Yule Ball, so her instinct said he wouldn't know much about it, a disadvantage.

Granger, for her own part, knows the wand movements and the incantations, but the practice isn't very much of her strength. She is likely to become something similar to a penguin if she keeps moving like that.

The Patil sisters are quite good when it came to practice, though they had to perfect their pronunciation. Ernie Macmillan, Susan Bones, Michael Corner and Terry Boot were others with the same problems.

Angelina Johnson, though very good at Quidditch, her rudeness was a bit too high when it came to wand movement. Anthony Goldstein, Katie Bell, Justin Finch-Fletchley and Dean Thomas needed to perfect how to block spells, they thought too much and didn't respond in time.

Lavender Brown, Zacharias Smith, Lee and the Creevey brothers needed to practice more how they move. She supposes they weren't fond of waltz either. Not good to hand-to-hand combat.

Marietta Edgecombe, Alicia Spinnet and Seamus — moronic bastard — Finnigan seemed to be good but their faces of not believing everything entirely didn't let them show Leevanna what they were capable of.

Neville Longbottom was... hard-working. He needed help and Saint Potter was busy grafting with Cho Chang to notice.

Cho, as previously mentioned, was grafting with Potter. Though she was quite good, Leevanna was starting to get desperate.

The twins just needed to perfect their defenders pose. Nothing more. Just a few details. The same with Lhu, she was a bit rusted, nothing else.

She-Weasley, Hannah and Luna knew their onions. They were exceptionally good between all this Gryffindor'y thing.

Finally, Saint Pain in the Arse was quite good. He knew things, not as much as he was supposed to know to fight a real combat, but at least he knew. She hoped he wasn't that kind of saviour who thinks the Light is pure and blah, blah, blah and doesn't aim to kill.

Most Slytherins duelled put of boredom and whatever this thing was, was a joke.

"Have I told you your handwriting is mesmerising?"

Luna's voice got her out of ward making her raw her wand almost instinctively. She huffed when Luna just smiled.

"Those Wrackspurts seem to love you," the blonde eagle continued looking at Leevanna's hair with a soft frown. The green-eyed nodded and made direct eye-contact with her. "They don't know much, don't they?"

Luna Lovegood was particularly good at Legilimency. Her unpredictable invasions to Leevanna's mind was something that happened quite smoothly and without the realisation of the green-eyed. Luna had acquired this ability from her deceased mother. Leevanna was surprised not a lot of people had knowledge about this.

       Don't read my mind, her own voice said internally.

       I don't, Wrackspurts aren't much my mind's likes, said Luna's voice inside her head.

Leevanna lightly narrowed her eyes at her and crossed her arms over her chest knowing Luna was telling her a white lie.

        They aren't going to listen.

       A few would, if not, you can demonstrate.

Leevanna sighed and let her ice walls push Luna away softly. Her mind became so cold that even she was freezing.

Wandlessly, she conjured a notebook and a quill. Without much realising of everyone. Her handwriting was beautiful indeed, Luna was right.

A few minutes later, she had written enough notes and started to tear off the pieces of paper before handing them to the persons they belonged to.

Even Harry Potter received one.

"Need to learn how to dance, really?" came the sarcastic and irritating voice of Zacharias Smith, who was raising an eyebrow. Leevanna nodded without looking at him and still writing some more. "What's up with ya? You don't even talk," he continued sneeringly. "You're Malfoy's girlfriend, aren't you? Why the hell would we listen to a snake's who—"

Every person blinked several times seeing the Hufflepuff tied upside down against one of the columns. The impact his body had caused against the now shattered glass had been the main source of the sound.

Leevanna kept writing.

"Did she—" came the shocked stuttering of Dennis Creevey, "that was—"

More muttering leaked through her ears.

"She did that wandlessly?"

"That was — ...awesome."

"Did you see that?! She was writing!"

"That isn't in any book!"

"I want to do that!"

"It was time someone shut Smith up."

Leevanna contained a smirk and finished to write and gave the paper to Potter, who did a manoeuvre to not let fall the other paper. He accommodated his glasses and began to read.

"Even though Potter has come to be a not-so-bad professor, your duelling is awful," he began and blinked again at the words. "First, Granger, you move like a penguin, two, Cho stop grafting with Potter — but I — right — er — Weasel, stop saying you can because I've seen you fly three times. Patils, Macmillan, Bones, Corner and Boot, work on pronunciation. Angelina, do gentler. Goldstein, Bell, Justin and Dean, react quickly. Brown, Smith, Lee and Creeveys, learn how to dance. Not good to hand-to-hand combat. Marietta, Alicia and filthy prat — Finnigan, shut the fuck up and stop complaining. Twins, Lhu, work on defender poses. Saint — oh — me — not bad — oh, thanks — er — Weas...lette? — oh — Ginny, Hannah, Luna... Good work. And Longbottom... You will work with me — Leevanna."

All the presents fell silent for a few seconds, blinking and reading the notes Leevanna had given them a few minutes ago.

Perhaps this could function.

She didn't want to opaque or take Potter's place as their teacher because it sincerely produced her a headache, but at least she could focus her mind on something that wasn't crying to the stars for a miracle she knows it wouldn't come.

"And why would we listen to you?"

She rolled her eyes.

"You are a filthy Slytherin! You're part of that pinky nightmare squad!" he proceeded while aiming his wand at Leevanna, whose look was bored on him. "You're the enemy, we fight against you!"

"That's right," came another voice, Dennis Creevey. "How we know you aren't teasing?"

Leevanna clenched her jaw and tries to soothe her body so as not to detonate right there with a catastrophic whim.

Since she was little, she has had problems controlling her inner magic. If she wasn't setting things on fire, she was freezing them. Or if she was hysterical, she could cause a mild earthquake that fortunately didn't get too far.

That was another of the thousands of reasons Leevanna has suppressed her feelings for too long.

If someone was to require an example, that would be the incident in her third year at Hogwarts. When the lightning bolts fell over the table before a thunderstorm exploded inside her dorm.

"If you ever let someone infest your magical being, you would create a bond, you could cause catastrophes. Be careful."

She never learned how that was supposed to happen.

How was she supposed to let someone infest her magical being? Would she need to do something? A ritual? Maybe a contract? She didn't know.

But right now she has to concentrate on not letting her emotions cause chaos.

So she takes a deep burning breath before grabbing her notebook to write again and then hand it to Potter.

"Oh — right — As I said, even though you're not bad, your Light isn't enough," read Potter. "Aim to really harm if you are to say being capable to fight Him," Leevanna saw him fix his glasses. "You need to know hand-to-hand combat, that is, dancing. Dark magic curses. Correct duelling," he continued. "I've been trained in each of them since being a toddler, if you want my help, fine, I won't ask anything but your attention and disposition. If you don't want it, fine, I'll go and you will die."

She was about to write something else when the quiet and cautious voice of Hannah Abbott came to be heard, "He is really back, isn't he?"

Hannah was a good school-mate. Both girls hadn't talked enough to get to know each other, but Leevanna knows that blonde Hufflepuff doesn't hold any grudges and knows when things aren't to take easy.

"You're a—" the voice of Susan cuts abruptly and her cheeks flush furiously. Leevanna's expression remains blank. "—one of them, you can — you can tell us, right?"

Could she say to them their perfect world they live thinking they know enough to fight cruel, unstoppable and arrogant Death Eaters and their mental King, was going to get even more fucked up and things would never be the same again?

Could she say to them it was better to escape while they could?

Was she able to say many hopes and families would be destroyed by people like her family and friends' families?

She can't. And she must not.

And wasn't evidence enough? Didn't they believe in Potter's saviour complex and the things he had done for the school? What did they need? Touch the Dark Lord?

Her eyes look away from both and her hand grips her wand tightly. She can feel her nails against her scratched skin.

With a flick, she levitated Smith's body and drop it on the floor still tied. With another flick, she gets to bring one of the wooden armours to life and stand in front of her. Then she pointed Lhu and what seemed to be one of the strongest boys, Ernie Macmillan. The two stood by the sides of the girl as a way the four were forming a diamond.

The wooden armour moved towards Leevanna at the same time she did. In a second both made the correct bowing and showed their wands before starting to walk far away.

In the middle of the expecting silence, the first ray of light shot from Leevanna's wand managing to reduce the armour to dust.

Soon enough another ray shot from her wand towards Ernie, who managed to block the jinx at the right time before using another on his own. Leevanna dodged it quite flawlessly, ending with the fourth ballet feet position.

Without turning, she shot another ray this time towards her best friend, gaining for her to attack back at the same time Ernie did.

Leevanna closed her eyes and imagined waltz music playing. She let her feet move and the rays come out.

"Let your body breathe, imagine you're a leave floating in the wind. Follow it, Leevanna. Become the wind."

While most of her feet positions were from ballet, the rest was typical waltz dance.

At the deep sound of bodies meeting the floor, she snapped her eyes open and bowed towards the spectators.

A smirk crossed her face a second before going back to blank.

"I don't know you guys," her gaze shifted to the source of the sound, Ernie Macmillan, "but I want to learn those movements."

"I want, too," came Fred's voice with a smile.

"Count with me," joined She-Weasley.

And more voices came to be heard too.

She could do this. She would.

Perhaps their joke had salvation.

A few minutes later, Leevanna had focused mostly on teaching the correct way to relax the wrist and whole arm. The trick was thinking you have a handkerchief between your fingers. In order to move it, you move your wrist in eights. The ones with pretty and agile handwriting had it easy too.

That took one hour and a half.

Her masterpiece had been Longbottom, who had succeeded in becoming even more confident with his wand.

When she got tired of her lack of dream and enough energy used, she wrote on a paper what she wanted to tell Harry and he nodded.

"Well, Leevanna wants to teach you a couple of spells," everyone paid attention and she began writing in her notebook for Lhu to read.  EXPULSO CURSE —  ecks-PUHL-so —  Provokes an explosion, unique in that it uses pressure to do so as opposed to heat.   FLIPENDO TRIA —   flih-PEN-doh —  A more powerful powerful version; is said to resemble a miniature tornado.  GLACIUS TRIA —  GLAY-see-us TREE-ah — A more powerful version of Glacius Duo. Freezes target.   DISINTEGRATION CURSE —   Like the Killing curse, it kills (or freezes) the victim. It turns the body grey/blue (or paler) while it turns to stone and then another twin spell can blast the body into pieces. "Please just use the last one with the mannequins for now," Lhu said, and everyone nodded. "Er, well — she's going to teach the wand movement, so everyone behind her and keep your distance," all the students moved quickly and observed Leevanna moving her wand for each of the spells.Lhu was not saying that they need to keep away from her just because of the spells, she was saying that because she did not want her to react the way she did it in front of all the people.

As Leevanna did not talk, she was lucky about being extremely brilliant at nonverbal spells, jinxes and curses.

A few minutes later everyone was practising with smiles on their faces thanks to the fact that the green-eyed one helped them with the wand movements — keeping her distance — making the spell come out at first.

She didn't talk, but they understood her.

And that made her feel somehow comfortable.

"You're going to laugh again, Leevy," said Luna standing at her side. "When something very funny happens, you're going to laugh again," she looked her in the eye and then hugged her.

Leevanna needed one.

She needed to hold the pieces a little while before leaving the Room of Requirement in imminent silence.

The path towards the dungeons is a vow of now-familiar silence from her part. Her ears are plugged much to her likeness. She zones out from the world which surrounds her and tries to become numb and overcome the wave that has just hit her.

She tries to fight it back. Take air. Swim.

But her weakness is what sinks her. It is around her foot, griping and piercing her skin with its thorns.

Her body moves. Tries to do it.

Tries to keep living.

Nevertheless, the next wave achieves to destroy whatever she had attained to hold.

And it vibrates throughout her body. A ringing in her ears that is becoming sharper and sharper, hurts. The inside of her trembles, shakes violently.

And it's like an earthquake.

There are no more ways to hold the little broken piece she had succeeded to take in her hands.

She can't hold it anymore.

Cannot hold herself any longer.

"Then I added three ounces of Blended Dittany Extract to the cauldron with two of Blood-Replenishing potion," her eyes moving at the same time her hand did before looking up at him. "The Burn-Healing paste came next, just a spoon, then I added the Calming Draught — carefully though, if I poured too fast, the paste would lose effect."

He, with his chin resting on the palm of his hands, nodded as a way to tell her to continue.

"The vest way was to stir it clockwise. It resulted in similar colour to sangria or mulberry — I guess because blue and red are primary colours, orange is just a derivation," she continued writing before checking on the cauldron again. "And if I just get to add Wolfsbane," soon her hands and eyes were focused on the vials, looking for it before pouring and start stirring clockwise, "I could say I've brewed a full-recovering potion to werewolves."

The blond nodded once again seeing her write down on her notebook. Her curls were a mess tied up in a messy, makeshift ponytail. Various of them were falling next to her cheeks.

"Severus said he could send it to professor Lupin from my part," she continued talking still taking notes and watching her new creation. "He didn't say he was proud — and I know he doesn't like Lupin very much — but I know he is," she smiled. "And I was thinking that maybe I could use Skele-Gro with Star Grass Salve to smooth the taste and heal internal wounds less painfully. I've asked Madam Pomfrey if she would let me experiment with a few patients and she has said yes. But I don't know yet if adding Calming Draught too would be a good idea."

And her hand stopped writing at the same time her eyes look up from her notebook when there was no response.

She whined, "Are you even listening to me?"

He smiled, "Why d'you think adding Calming Draught would be a good idea?"

And he lives for the shining of her eyes after his question.

With her cheeks blushed, she suppressed a smile before responding with her look again on her notes, "I believe its effect would ease the pain when the bones grow again — as you know it usually takes a whole day for the pain to really go off, the Draught could help."

While she kept talking, he stood up from the chair and, with his hands inside his pockets, walked around the desk until he was in next to her."I love when you talk," he whispered in her ear making her cut off he chattering. "Your voice drives me mental, have I told you that,   petite fille?And she is weak at his french.

She could felt his smirk against her jaw.

"Tell me again why Dittany Extract and Blood-Replenishing potion work so good together," she nodded and, flushed, started to explain one more time.

He sits on the chair next to her and observes every move she does. How her eyes shine. He loves when she talks.

Her pieces are too broken to try and find some placebo that might help.

Her voice isn't there anymore.

Just the horrible screams that leave her throat not before tearing it apart with each vibration.

Perhaps soon she would be screaming in blood.

Hands try to grab her, make her calm down. She doesn't want to calm down. She wants to explode one more time.

Her cries of despair make echo throughout the room and ring inside the ears of the other people who have come to her rescue.

But she just cries. Screams. Tries to cover her ears to stop hearing the rain. The bolts of lightning.

A blurry vision, deprived of colour — like looking out the window on a rainy night.

Muffled sound with no finesse — like being distant or having something enclose you.

The smell of cold, damp, stale air — similar to a very old wooden house with no air movement.

The taste of pasta cooked for ours without any salt. Just poor blend and a bit viscid.

Cold pressure on the outside but emptiness on the inside — like the pressure of the world might suddenly crush you if your outer hull gives in.

But nothing to touch or hold onto, maybe not even a floor — not floating, but falling. And you can not see if the ground is getting close.

Basically, there is nothing nice anymore. And if there was, it would not matter anyway, as you could not experience it. And if you could you could not enjoy it.

Maybe there are still nice things in the world — just not for her right now. She can see the nice food in front of her on the table, but you only taste grey pasta. She can see people having fun at the party but the music and their voices don't reach her ears. Somebody smells a nice flower but when she wants to try, the flower shrivels.

Why is everything gone?

How could this happen?

And why can't she go, too?

In her book, the man constantly was submerged in a peacock blue ocean. Drinking its water over and over again.

This feeling was new.

He was sure his love for his Azalea was the only thing inside him. The only thing that really mattered and was entirely pure. Incorruptible. Indestructible. And it was. He would give his soul, body and mind for his Azalea. She deserved it.

Then what was this new thing?

Every time he looked at the past. At the centre of the clearing. The shovel. The dirt.

As if. He didn't feel those things.

He would do whatever for his Azalea, even if that meant to kill or sacrifice something. He had now given his true love everything that was left in his body and life.

How he could call it?

And while he thought about what might be this new sentiment that had infested his being was, the azalea let fall its first lifeless petal to the grass. Ash that soon would follow the wind.

Since Leevanna's episode has passed almost two weeks. They were now facing a windy 27st Monday afternoon in the middle of February.

The green-eyed was quiet like it was now a habit. Her eyes moved across the room, observing the low improvement of the fools who thought could fight an insane man who didn't have anything to lose and his army of filthy lackeys.

She tries not to think too much about how she almost lets the water from the Black Lake flood all the dungeons. Her screams had been too loud and her magic had caused a mild earthquake. It had absorbed a significant amount of strength from her, she was fortunate to still being able to give steps.

She was surprised though, that her tears hadn't already flooded the whole place.

Training the Fool's Army kept her mind enough occupied to think. She likes it.

In her mind, she was killing them one by one until she got to only see lifeless coloured irises.

But she is trying to not being so mean inside her mind with those intrusive voices of hers. She has already insulted many people in just half-hour.

The voice of Alicia Spinnet leaked through her ears. It was becoming disturbing and irritating.

Just because she had been sorted in Slytherin, it did not mean she would go around and call Mudblood to whoever stood in front of her. Just because once she had been side by side with the insufferable Slytherin Prince, it didn't mean she would he a copy of him.

Spinnet was still making a whim about having a 'narcissistic serpent with superiority complex'.

        I am superior, you filthy scum.

Leevanna is trying to convince herself she could get along with the fools surrounding her. But her internal rage is too much to handle once she is feeling it.

Another thing that bothers her try of pacific existence and lights up her rage is Marietta Edgecombe.

The green-eyed knows the Ravenclaw is a good friend of Cho Chang, but lately, they were still at odds because Marietta had been forbidden by her parents to go against the Ministry during the summer of that year. Having connections inside her — hopefully — future job had its advantages.

She did not seem to enjoy the lessons and continued to resent Potter. She called them 'nutter liars'. Her behaviour was disrespectful towards the Boy Who Almost Dies Every Year and although Cho tried to tell him to ignore it, Leevanna knows he soon is going to get tired.

Leevanna wondered how much time Marietta would suppress her true wishes.

"Vaughan, you're not with them, are you?" the Ravenclaw asked for second time. "This whole thing — You-Know-Who back — it's nutters, is it?"

Wanting her to go away, she remained silent while looking at the book in her hands. She already knew the spells there, they were not Dark Arts and this whole thing needed to know more Dark Arts.

"I mean — Cho believes them — she says He is back, y'know?" at Marietta's interruption, she clenched her jaw. "But — I — my parents work for Fudge and her mother does too! Isn't she scared? They could lose their jobs!" why did she continue talking? "I know she wants to know more about Cedric's death and all — but Rowena I'm getting knackered. You know him right? Casually you don't know what happened? It was a tragic accident, wasn't it? Professor Umbridge said that."

Leevanna has forgotten about him in the last months.

One of the first casualties of the Second Wizarding War. Killed by order of the Dark Lord. How could she have dared to forget about it?

Was it an unfortunate accident? Negative. Leevanna knows it.

It is not because she is side by side with Saint Potter, but she believes him. She knows it is the truth. Cedric was killed and the Dark Lord is back.

But she can't confide that to Marietta. It is a forbidden conversation subject.

It came hand in hand with the idea that crossed Leevanna's mind a few seconds ago before Marietta interrupted her.

The Imperius Curse and How to Abuse It.

Perhaps she could — No! Salazar, no!

What was she even thinking about? Honestly. There was no way she would abuse that curse. No. No way.

She disappeared the book with her wand, sending it back to her dorm. Instead of following her vile thoughts, she grabbed The Dark Arts Outsmarted, a book about defensive magic and how to protect oneself from the Dark Arts. Leevanna had read it many times before, Severus Snape had it in his library and Leevanna was a curious person since being a toddler.

By her side, Marietta kept complaining about whatever she was making a whim this time. Leevanna wasn't even listening. She was remembering many of the most advanced Dark Magic she had practised. CASCADING JINX —    Targets multiple enemies.She had seen it in action — courtesy of her parents, not a very delightful experience. Her wand has the registration of using it when she attended her self-defence and duelling classes.  FINGER-REMOVING JINX —    Removes the target's fingers one by one.Again, not a pleasant experience. It leaves trauma although it isn't major Dark Magic.  ICE JINX —    Generates a small block of ice.This one in particular is familiar with her. She has used it due to personal motives in previous years. Also, she had become a master in it, she can do it wandlessly and with her hands.  ORBIS —    Sucks the target into the ground.Her eyes had contemplated two people going down the profundities of the ground. Two prisoners who belonged to her father when she was seven years old. They screamed quite a lot. She remembers the reflection in their hazel eyes when they looked down. TEMPEST JINX —    Strikes target(s) with lightning bolts.She has used this due to personal intentions too. It is especially difficult to control, but now she can create storms inside places.  CONFRINGO —    Causes anything that the spell comes into contact with to explode.Fundamental in the art of duelling.  CURSED ICE —    Encases everything in its path.She at odds with this one. It had been an accident and mostly the fault of one episode she once had before receiving her Hogwarts acceptance letter. The little village prevailed in her nightmares.  FIENDFYRE —    Bewitched flame of abnormal size and heat, infused with dark magic, capable of seeking out living targets despite being non-sentient.Her father is one of the few people she knows that can control this to perfection. She has attempted to use it, but none of her tries had been successful. Fortunately, no one had died.  TRANSMOGRIFIAN TORTURE —    Capable of torturing the target to death. Can be merged with Crucio.This isn't a pleasant one and certainly not of her likening. It is bizarrely vile. Not to mention she had been one of its casualties.

"And I don't know you, but I don't have hope in this," she rolled her eyes, Marietta kept talking. "I mean, have you seen the type of people who's here? Loony Lovegood. That girl is nuts, I'm telling you, I don't know w—"

Leevanna sighed in relief.

Oscausi, one of her favourite dark charms.

Soon, in front of both girls, the letters STFU were written in midair with firey marks. Leevanna closed the book and left it on the shelf before leaving a desperate Marietta trying to decipher the counterspell.

Nobody would ever talk poorly things of Luna if she was near. Luna was hers, nobody else's business what she did or quit doing.

The green-eyed turned around finding a blushed Neville Longbottom trying to keep eye-contact.

She wasn't going to hurt him. Was he thinking she was that bad? She wasn't a bully.

"I — I wanted to ask if you could — if you have time — help me with Levicorpus," his gaze became lower and his body curved. She handed him a paper. He frowned. "You want to dance?"

Leevanna makes her quill appear again and continued writing.

'After dancing, I'll help you. Just don't support your whole hand, just your fingertips. Got it?'

The Gryffindor nodded and attempted to keep his wand but her hand stopped him before demonstrating to him he should keep it in his hand.

'You're going to follow every moment. Memorise these four: Protego, Everte Statum, Flipendo and Rictusempra. In that order. Follow the music and don't stop dancing.'

Neville nodded once more and both started to walk towards the middle of the room. The ones who were practising stepped back to leave them space.

Leevanna closed her eyes and nodded at the moment her Occlusion was successful. The boy grabbed her waist and hand as it was commonly done and music started playing out of nowhere.

The first steps were easy, calm waves and one or two spins. Neville was a great dancer, Leevanna had seen him at the Yule Ball. It would be so much easier than she had expected.

At the third spin, she thought of Stupefy and a ray shot from her wand.

Fortunately, the Gryffindor reacted in time and said 'Protego' to protect himself. Then he said the second spell Leevanna had told him to memorise.

The flawless steps both were giving produced almost perfect duelling. The last ray that had shot from her wand, managed to touch Neville at the minimum but still send him backwards.

'That’s why you need to dance.'

The firey letters soon evaporated once everyone had read them.

Turning her head towards Neville, she gave a soft nod and dedicated him a small smile that he dedicated back.

When the lessons were over that day and everyone began to go, Leevanna stayed back without Lhu, Lee or the twins realising it. Nobody was aware of her staying behind. Forgotten.

Little by little the room began to change and eventually, she was now in a place she knew very well.

Her school robes have also changed. A black dress and a last-minute hairstyle.

The tears soon began to fall and her jaw to tremble. The star resting between her collarbones burned like it never did before.

Refuses to let her sobs become a sound.

The grip on her wand becomes tighter. Her nails are soon meeting her wounded skin and letting scarlet stain the pale. Her right-hand clings to the little start, want to keep it close to her, to not let her explode.

The music is playing yet again. A known melody.

Her curls fall by the sides of her cheeks, she can smell the shampoo she uses frequently, Tahitian vanilla along hits of centifolia rose and floral heart. Her skin keeps smelling to that perfume she created by herself.

The top is a medley of Orange Flower Water and sparkling Mirabelle. The heart is a bouquet of White Rose, Vanilla Orchid and Muguet, while the finish is a blend of Musk and Sandalwood.

A current travelled down her body, like fireworks tickling her skin when the tip of his nose nuzzled her skin, going down her neck.

"You smell so fucking marvellous," his whisper made a breathy laugh leave her lips.

There are so many. So much of them.

        Stop being in my mind.

       Get out of my mind!

How can she get all out? Would the ice forgive her someday? Would her torment ever come to an end? When was his memory leave her alone?

She can remember so vividly. Every detail. It is clear as crystal. So bright. So fresh.

But the stars don't shine as brightly as they did someday before. The skies are dark pages resembling the depths of the sea. It is cold but it is hot at the same time. And the taste is bitter. The flowers wither and fly away in the wind. The memories burn and become ash that soon would leave, too.

Everything surrounding her is in flames. Burning down until there is nothing left.

Ice keeps, freezes. Fire burns and extinguishes.

There is no escape. No way out.

Her raining never stops. It becomes stronger. Creates rivers soon would become oceans. The drops would inundate everything.

It is so curious how she can feel so cold when around her everything has been devoured by the sun and its burning fire.

Everything is so cold.

Sobs become a real sound. They rasp the flesh of her throat until it seems that blood would soon come out and stain the black.

As much as her tears are infinite, the flames do not cease. They are encouraged with every diamond leaving her eyes and creating pools that hastily would be dry.

Does she want this? To burn the memories?

With each sob, the pain inside her becomes more unbearable than it already is. It eats her from the inside. The claws of the monster tear apart her nerves and leave her exposed to the world.

The fire burns and destroys.

No way out. No emergency exit. No escape.

Stars going off before the big explosion.

Another sob. A forceful scream.

        Come back!

She crumbles. Shivers in pain.

        Don't leave!

Suddenly all goes silent.

A way out. An escape.

It doesn't burn anymore, but yet it feels warm, so much that maybe a fever has possessed her fragile body.

Ice keeps and freezes.

She falls on the floor. The palms of her hands meeting the frozen floor when her knees became far too weak to keep holding her.

And around her, everything is becoming ice.

The flames aren't there anymore.

There is something of her favourite book she had never share with the man until this day. And, oh, she would never forget that feeling.

It is the pure insanity of not knowing what to do to keep your everything still with you. The despair it causes you knowing you neglected it because you weren't aware of it, your mind was too focused on yourself that you forgot about your reason to live.

The man in her favourite book didn't realise his unique Azalea was dying slowly until it was too late.

It had been a cancer that not a single doctor had been able to detect on time.

First, it was the little wrinkles in the azalea's stem. Imperceptible. How it starts.

Then had been the lack of care and attention it had been receiving from the man who said to love her and once promised the entire world piece by piece until the last star went off.

The fallen petals were the final part.

The man hadn't realised how the dark edges infested her blue. He had neglected her in every way possible.

When finally he saw the only two petals that barely remained connected to the centre, he tried to do whatever he could think off.

Water the grass under her, let the rays of the sun hit her. He prayed and apologised. His tears would be his punishment. He couldn't stop shedding them.

Not even the glass covering had been enough to keep his unique way of love protected from the external and dangerous world.

His eyes saw the last petal fall on a rainy night. The stars didn't bright that day. Not even the moon was there to give him any chance of light. No one was there.

The man became mental. His rage was unstoppable. His tears and pain. The grief.

His loss had been ai cruel and yet so beautiful.

Desperate to bring his Azalea back to life, he began walking through the forest in search of something that may be able to help him.

Not having a sense of direction in such a great place, the man began letting himself be guided by the shape of the trees. Fortunately for him, most of them were different and every now and then there was a stone by which to guide better. Finding nothing near the clearing, he kept dogging until he found hills and even more leafy trees.

The familiarity with that kind of trees cheered him up at the minimum. He thought he had gone back to the clearing where he had once found love.

How mistaken he was.

The man, never being able before to educate himself in flowers, didn't know his Azalea wasn't the only one of its kind.

And oh surprise he git when a clearing full of blue azaleas awaited from him to found it.

His insides shook and his pieces began to fall.

How could his azalea not be the only one? Who were all the ones in front of his eyes pretending to be her?

His lack of mental stability made him start to cut the flowers and throw them wherever he could. But they seemed to be eternal.

All this time he had spent his entire hours living for someone who wasn't unique? Was it all a lie? Why there were others exactly equal to her?

Shortly his world became blue. He wasn't able to see anything else but azaleas and blue.

And he didn't found another way but to use a knife and cut his throat.

Leevanna has bottomed out.

Her heavy steps and smeared makeup accompany her way towards the dungeons. Nobody is close. The place is dark. No lights. She keeps walking. Like a soul in sorrow who has just lost her azalea.

Heading straight to the floor under her bed, where the darkness waits for her every day and the monsters smile at her like old friends.Because darkness is all she knows.

The next day, Fred Weasley is the one to find her after being searching for her for one hour.

When they had left the Room of Requirement to go to the Great Hall for dinner, Luna Lovegood had said to them Leevanna had told her she was feeling tired and was better for her to head towards her dorm and sleep.

Lhu at first had hesitated to believe it, but then she had remembered the green-eyed hadn't tried to hurt herself for a few weeks now and even though, with crisis, she seemed to at least be looking better.

Once she arrived at her room after spending some time with George Weasley, she had been fooled by her drowsiness and believed the pillows Luna had left to cover Leevanna had been the girl.

Now Lhu knows she would have to check things first after hearing them.

Back to the beginning.

'Seeing is believing' would be her new mantra.

Sighing and smiling softly, Fred laid on his side to observe her better. A soft frown decorated his face when he saw the dress and hairstyle she was wearing, he clearly remembers from when was that clothing. How her makeup was a disaster and the tears remained dry over her cheeks.

"What are you doing under your bed, little cinnamon?" he questioned in a low tone.

She was laid somehow on her side, over her left arm. Her cheek against the floor and one hand next to her face, palm facing down. Her knees were semi-flexed and her dress was spread over the floor just like her white and black curls.

Her empty eyes, which were red and the clear emerald was nowhere almost to be seen, shifted until they fixed on the redhead's.

   "I don't know..."

And Fred almost jerks when the low and raspy sound of her voice came to be finally heard again. It had been a whisper that, for her, hurt.

"Y-You... Spoke..." he muttered incredulously. His hands helped him to sit down in a second. "S-She talked — she talked!"

Lhu, who had been seated on the desk chair with her head hidden on her hands and her elbows being held by her knees, looked up with hope and tears in her eyes.

George and Lee, who were leaned against the wall, the first one with his arms crossed over his chest and the second with his hands in his pockets, looked at each other before looking at Fred.

"Hey..." said George crouching down to see the girl better. "Missed your voice, little one."

Lee, who had pushed the twins aside, smiled at her. "We've been looking for you, Leev," he said. "Want to come out?"

He, still smiling softly at her, frowned at the sight of her clothes. He doesn't understand why she keeps having that dress... or things she used for him once. Like the necklace with the star around her neck or the rings on her fingers. He doesn't exactly hate them, but... why does she need to keep being a masochist?

She didn't respond, a thing that bothered Lee. Instead, her eyes moved away from the three Gryffindors until they were staring at nothing again.

"You three, go to Snape and notify him she ain't going to assist classes today," came Lhu's voice making the three raise their gazes, one of them looked at her as if she was half Thestral.

"Why don't you go?" asked Lee.

The brunette clenched her jaw and closed her eyes before sighing — she is getting tired of this constant situation with him, "Because I told you three to do it."

Sweet fucking Salazar, who does Lee think he is to question what Lhu thinks is better for Leevanna? Her father (good joke though)? Her mother? Lee didn't even have knowledge about all the things Leevanna has suffered. He didn't even understand her.

And Lhu is getting tired of it. She can't be Leevanna's best friend who would stay with her whatever it takes, and a Dementor from Azkaban who would keep Lee away.

She has enough problems to deal with Lee's Gryffindor'y saviour complex.

"Come, mate," said George looking at him. "She is right, many people here are going to stress her out," his eyes stared down at Leevanna again. "See you soon, little one."

"Missed you, little cinnamon," smiled Fred before standing up and placing a hand over Lee's shoulder. "Stand up, Lee, you don't want to scare her."

Lee, not having any other alternative, sighed and stood up not even mumbling goodbye to the green-eyed.

"See you in a while," said Lhu before leaving a kiss on each twins' cheek as a goodbye. Lee didn't even stop to nod.

The brunette sighed one more time at the same time she closed the door and started to walk towards her friend.

Once laid down, she placed her hands over her abdomen and turned her head to see her best friend. "What are you doing there, Leevy?"

Her green eyes fixed on Lhu's, "I don't know..."

She keeps being lost.

"You don't know how much I missed communicating to you, Leevy," Lhu's eyes crystallised and a closed-mouth smile formed across her face. "I missed my best friend's voice."

Leevanna closed her eyes before fixing them on Lhu's again. Soon the tears threatened to come out again.

"What's wrong, Leevy?" Lhu asked.

It took a few seconds that seemed eternal, but Leevanna found her voice again.

"I'm the one with the answers," she started saying. "Always. I've always been the one with the answers. But right now... I don't have any," her cheeks warmed and her jaw clenched when the pieces began to collapse again. "How do you maintain your edge, Lhu? Because I contemplate you... And — and you're immaculate... You smile and laugh. You have all you wish."

And, Salazar, Lhu fought all she could the desire to tell her that, without her best friend there to spend her time and uncountable problems and worries additionally, she was losing her edge too.

"Nobody hurts you the way they hurt me. Nothing gets you. You don't care or overthink. You're in control..." her voice was low, Lhu guessed it must hurt like hell after all that screaming. "And the thing is... Is that I was like that... Until I got here. Until I met someone," she proceeded. "And now everything is... Is fuzzy or... fucked up..." a gulp. "Before, I would have been fine. I didn't need anybody. My circle was done. I was done. I would have cut it. End it," bow the tears were falling again. "Before — before I wouldn't have even commenced it. I wouldn't have gotten attached. I would've never feel frozen in my own ice," her voice breaks and her insides shiver at the pain in her heart.

God, it hurts. She wants to rip her heart and obligate herself to live without her vital organ.

"I had an edge, Lhu... I had an edge and I've lost it. And I need it... I need it back," this time the tears weren't just from Leevanna, Lhu was shedding them too. "If you could tell me... How not to feel again. How to be the me I was before," her exhale was shaky. "I would... I would be grateful. Please... Just tell me..."

And Lhu doesn't know what to say.

Because she is losing her edge and, oh, how hypocritical would be to say her best friend everything would be fine.

Because nothing would be fine. We grow up, we have responsibilities and face the real world the very first day. Time isn't the hero in the story, it fades away, leaves us and passes by without even saying hello.

One day you are drinking tea with one of your favourite persons and in a blink, you are under your bed, laid on the floor with the hope of not be going insane and new emotions you don't even know the name of.

Time hates us. Even the strongest of us. It seems to play tricks — slowing down, hovering... Until it freezes... Leaving us stuck in a moment. Unable to love in one direction or the other.

Leevanna is there. Stuck. Cannot move.

With her gaze lost in the particles of the air. Silent yet again.

Silence. Aching desolation.

It is an exhale. An outward breath of reservation. To most, silence is terrifying. To them the lack of stimulation is torturous.

But for her, silence is a beautiful wonder.

For her, silence is the loudest sound that they can perceive. Because silence allows a breakthrough of thought and imagination. An explosion of noise and stimulation from within that is only allowed out when nothing else is. A noiseless scream. An ear-piercing cry of mute desperation.

She cannot hear a thing in the noise that usually encompasses the senses. But she hears a whole world of vocalizations and words in the silence. An entire symphony of idealizations when there is no noise at all. A beautiful masterpiece of nothingness.

And for her, the silence is so loud that it is deafening.

Luna Lovegood is, most of the time, a silent person, and the kind who knows everything without even trying to move a finger.

She knows and most of the time remains silent, observing her surroundings and how the people function or react to stimulus.

The world isn't kind to quirky, odd people. It isn't very kind to her even though she is a very resilient person.

Luna tends to blame everything bad that is happening to her on these creatures. That's better than accepting the real world, isn't it? Facing the truth, that is, obviously, bullying and rejection from her classmates.

Her personality has been affected several times by the influences of the world around her.

When her mother was alive, Luna always was following her. Hearing her well-based theories. She was a very talented, skilled and creative witch in terms of her magical abilities. Luna remembers perfectly how she was not as absent-minded as Xenophilius Lovegood, her father, or that her mother was more demanding about her personal appearance, as opposed to her father, who was generally a bit unkempt.

Tragic, really, that she had passed away in front of her daughter.

When that happened, she felt a lot of things. First, she felt like she could have done more to help her or even warn her the experiment would go wrong... But she knew it wasn't true. She herself didn't see it coming.

In the beginning, it hurt, every time she thought of her or the memory of her crossed her mind when she did simple things like drinking tea the way her mother did, hurt like the fucking hell.

But, even though she continued to feel sad about her mother's death from time to time, eventually it hurts less and less until it just becomes a soft, sad smile. And Luna knows she would see her mother again after death or in another life if they are that lucky.

Her father was the one in charge after Pandora's death. A quite big wave Luna learned how to swim after millions of tries.

Due to constantly be around the open-mindedness of her mother and most things being scientific research, Luna had it quite hard with bow adapting to her father's beliefs.

She knows the people find them odd — and definitely, she knows they would prefer to sit on the floor than share a compartment in the Hogwarts express with her — but she doesn't really care about what others think of her.

She would like to have more friends but can also cope pretty well without them, and regards the bullies who pick on her as a minor nuisance. She may be too uncritical about her father’s beliefs but she can be devastatingly incisive and blunt, while still remaining quite kind.

Plus, she has Leevanna.

The blue-eyed remembers when she found out about having a cousin who was just one year older than her. She has never wanted to have brothers though, but having a cousin would be a new experience she would particularly enjoy.

It had been extremely hard at the beginning for Leevanna to get close to Luna or even talk to her without looking first at Severus to know if it was okay. Luna didn't understand it at first, but then she learned about the things the girl had been through in such a short time and could comprehend.

Slowly Leevanna became more confident and understood it wasn't wrong to speak to Luna.

And she discovered Luna also liked flowers and do scientific research.

The green-eyed had been there for her all her life and does certainly believe in Luna and her beliefs — whenever she doesn't find them too bizarre or insane to believe in.

With her help, Luna has proved the existence of many things she believes in but has also come to earth many times.

She likes to think her mother is watching her from above and is proud of her for following her steps.

That day in particular she felt in her body a strange force of slowness and heaviness. It was as if she was getting lost and slowly falling asleep but being very wide awake at the same time.

Now she is on the floor.

Laid on her side and with one hand under her head while the other rests by the side of it.

"When my mum died... The first thought I had was 'What happened?'" she started. "My mum was a genius, what the hell what happened then?" the images of that moment cross her mind, like flashes. "Something had gone wrong, a mistake none of us could prevent," she continues, hearing the memory of herself. "At first I felt as everything went slow, very slow and dark... Then I remember not even a tear escaped my eyes if not until a weak after when I unconsciously drank tea as she did."

And Luna has a vivid recall of that day.

"It wasn't big deal, I knew it," she shrugged. "I mean, it was tea... But I cried like no other day — as if I hadn't cried all my life and someone had pushed that button. I didn't stop doing it until two months later," she continued letting a breathy chuckle leave her lips. "What I am trying to say... Is that it is okay to continue crying even if it has been a month or a year... It is okay to feel this way... It is okay to say I don't know."

Leevanna cries quite a lot, so much that Luna has imagined a planet where the pretty girl is sitting in a chair and her tears become an ocean. It is funny to think of it. But that planet has also flowers that grow bigger with each tear. The water underneath them is cold as ice.

There is this proven theory that says objects further from us move to a higher speed than those less distant.

Leevanna feels that she is close to everything.

It is slow, how her breathing is becoming.

After a few seconds, Leevanna's voice was to be heard again, "I feel as if I'm moving in slow motion... Like I'm moving in slow motion and everything around me is... moving so fast," she had whispered. "And I just want to go back there, to when things were ordinary. When I wasn't another of the girls who fell in love... But I am. So I can't. And I am... Just stuck," her voice is low and most sounds shaky. "And there's all this pressure... Because everyone is hovering around me, waiting for me to do something or say something or flip out or scream... Or explode again," she continued. "And I'm sure everyone else would feel more comfortable but — but I don't — I don't know how to do this, how to be this person, I don't — I don't know this person."

Luna smiled weakly but softly at her.

Now she knows why she felt so dizzy earlier. It was Leevanna's aura wanting to express herself and ask for help.

"How did this happen?" abruptly her eyes bore onto the blue-eyed's. "I was powerful... Strong... I had the answers, I knew how things happened, the logical part, I didn't — feel..." and there are so many tears. "How did I end up here? Why am I like this? Why am I alone? Where is him?"

She feels as if she was a shooting star who got lost in the way and now the other stars are falling without her.

"I remember once reading one of your Astronomy books," the blonde, lonely eagle began to say. "It said that closer proximity of a black hole causes time on another planet to slow down tremendously," Leevanna's eyes shined faintly. "It was because of time dilation if I'm not wrong. A scientist called Einstein had this theory of general relativity, gravity can bend spacetime, and therefore time itself," she continued. "The closer the clock is to the source of gravitation, the slower time passes; the farther away the clock is from gravity, the faster time will pass."

A second of silence.

Leevanna wants to see the stars.

   "The clock is close to you, Leevy?"

She gasped lowly and nodded with her eyes closed. It was so close to her she could touch it.

Why is it so close? She wants it away.

"I'll make the clock go away," Luna muttered with a smile across her face.

"You will?" she lowly gasped again.

With her eyes closed, Luna nodded making a few of her blonde curls fall down her cheek. "That you are the big one doesn't mean I'm not strong, too."

The green-eyed nodded jerkily again, gulping slowly and letting a few strands of hair move away from her forehead.

"Is it?" she whispered with tears falling from her eyes. "Too lethal?"

And the girl who fights against loneliness tries to not let her smile fade away... But there are too many tears in her blue eyes.

Because, yes, it is.

Leevanna isn't stable. She is an atomic bomb ready to explode if you touch it precipitously. It is difficult to know if the bomb is inactive or with the countdown on.

And right now she is a constant free fall, hoping to someday finally collide abruptly on the ground.

But she doesn't want to reach the ground.

Many times before Leevanna has come to be a danger for herself and others. She has risked her life too many times now.

She gasped, "No," and she looks terrified. "No — no," she repeats.

And Luna tries to keep her smile, tries to tell her everything would be just fine — that, if they both stayed together as it has always been, everything would be fine. Before she could nod in answer, Leevanna grabbed her wrist.

"Please," her crying was shaky, "please don't."

"Leevy..." Luna said. "I promised it."

"Promise me that if the explosion is too lethal you'll get me out."

And her sapphires are locked into her emeralds, even though the snake hates when someone gets into her mind.Once you finish Occluding, I will destroy the memories  , the eagle says.   There is no way back. Are you sure?You are promising, you will do it  , the snake's inner voice answers.And the girl with beautiful sapphire eyes nods.

"Then I break the promise," she trembled desperately. "I break it... I don't want it."

Luna dedicated her a soft smile and closed her eyes while nodding. That was okay. It wasn't as if Luna wanted to fulfil that promise, it was terrifying. She had destroyed memories before... But destroying memories that are so powerful in the sense of sentimental energy was definitely something else. No matter what kind of sentiment it was.

The blonde witch intertwined her hand with the one of the witch in front of her. Her fingers flexed against hers in a way to tell her she was there, with her, being her support — as it has always been.

She could promise her, everything would be fine.

Luna didn't want to be without Leevanna, and she would do whatever to keep her with her.

Because if she is the moon, she is the stars.

And it would always be like that.

Sweeping the few tears that had run down her cheeks with her thumb, Luna smiled one more time and attracted their intertwined hands to her lips to leave a soft and long kiss. Her eyes closed tightly, her soul letting itself feel the connection between itself and the one in front of her.

Luna would keep Leevanna alone, the green-eyed needed to know how to stay alone for now.

At least until Luna deciphered a few more things and could know what to do.

She knows Leevanna wouldn't mind staying alone.

Most people say that isolation is torture. That being completely devoid of significant interaction is horrifying and cold.

But some, like most snakes and an eagle,  recognize that solidarity is bliss. That to be completely immersed with oneself and free of all other burdens is freeing. That sometimes we do not need others to fill the void within us because they themselves are the ones causing it. To completely detach from the world and become intoxicated with the emptiness of seclusion is a comfort that cannot be replaced by any other form of solace.

To be alone is to be free.

And to be free is to be happy.

Luna would set Leevanna free.

The witch with emerald eyes was pretty lucky, even if she didn't see herself that way now, she was indeed quite lucky.

She has people around her who know how to deal with her nightmares and problems.

Draco doesn't have them.

Or at least not with him right now.

And he has pushed away all his friends because he is angry with himself and in pain.

If no one else was by his side, he wouldn't have to face the despair and madness when they had left him alone.

We can dance around it. We can describe what happens in the brain, and we can employ vague phrases like "it's an unpleasant feeling," which may help, as long as the space alien we're talking to understands the concept of "unpleasant."

Nevertheless, that doesn't really describe the experience — the qualia — of being in pain.

The best description is that pain is a sensation that, the more intense it gets, fills up your consciousness, so that you can't focus on anything else until it's alleviated.

Now, for Draco, it is a little different.

Most people say that pain terrifying and unpleasant. Horrible and unwanted. Ugly and vile.

But Draco thinks that pain is beautiful.

The raw emotions that pain encompasses are unlike anything else. They are intoxicating and mesmerizing. Even the look of tears streaking down the cheeks and drawing blood to the face is dazzling. The look of a person cracking and breaking is so uniquely divine that it cannot be compared to anything else.

Pain is mind-numbingly infatuating.

And within that torturous hurt lies beauty. Serenity. For only in the dark can you see the stars.

And God, he loves stars.

He is there, with the effects of Gin he had drunk moments ago fading away.

Fuck with his metabolism and being already accustomed so much to alcohol that not even one and a half bottles are enough for him to be numb.

It is said there are five stages of pain, they look different to each of us, but there are always five...

Denial, is the refusal to acknowledge what has, is, or will happen and allow potential outcomes that may arise as a consequence of action, behaviour, or treatment. There are many maladaptive methods, unhealthy behaviours, and poor coping skills to keep a sense of denial alive in a person or people. It's integrated into codependent relationships and is often the foundation of addictions and addictive behaviour.

Anger, characterised by aggressive and violent behaviour, usually manifesting as a psychological and physical response to some sort of objectionable external stimulus. Getting and/or staying angry is a cognitive event, albeit usually a subconscious choice. The supposed causes of it are highly subjective, including (but not limited to) surprise, disappointment, and frustration.

Bargaining, a dialogue between two or more people or parties intended to reach a beneficial outcome over one or more issues where a conflict exists concerning at least one of these issues. An interaction and process between entities who compromise to agree on matters of mutual interest, while optimising their individual utilities.

Depression, occurs when something changes over time, and a person remembers a time when all seemed to work easily and smoothly. Suddenly, an object, place or person that person associates with being part of their key to happiness is ripped from them, and the person, longing for that same feeling of security that the memory of that place, person, or lifestyle offered, fears for the future. It's a mental state where your intuition knows it will have to adapt quickly, but the conscious mind is so attached to the past, and it creates a lot of anxiety for the person because the flight-or-fight response

Acceptance, means that you are no longer resisting that thing that is internal. You move from a reactive state of thinking and physical emotion and tension to an inner state of understanding, knowing, openness and spaciousness towards what is. You're not consumed by the thought about it. You simply see it for what it is and are able to move in its presence with an inner freedom.

Draco thinks he has overcome the anger stage.

And he knows he is in the depression one.

Doesn't know how though, because neither of the two has talked.

Nevertheless, he had seen her two days ago.

She had been alone, hidden in a foreign corner of the gardens. Her hair was loose and messy. It was dark and, after many weeks, the stars shined.

He had watched as her head tilted up, feeling the rain fall onto her skin. He found himself somehow jealous of the fact that the rain got to touch her. His eyes watched as her own eyes lit up, watching the lightning flash across the night sky.

She was mesmerizing.

She consumed his every thought that made him angry because no matter how hard he tried to keep up with his cold exterior, she managed to break her way through. She was breaking down every wall he had managed to build.

But the thing that made him even angrier was that he was letting her.

And Salazar, he has never hate loving the colour green so much. Each one of its shades.

It is the colour of nature. Green is often associated with luck and tranquillity. Health and peace. Restoration and growth.

But green is also the colour of envy. The colour of resentment. It is the colour of hatred. The colour of revenge and evil magic, the colour of the Killing Curse. Green represents old pain and trauma. It is the colour of betrayal. The colour of poison.

However, green is also the broken core beneath an ice-cold exterior. Green is a lifetime of torture leading to a soul full of hatred.

Green may be the villain in someone's story, but it is the victim on its own. Green is survival. And with that survival comes power and courage. Ambition and cunning.

Green may be venomous, but that venom was not crafted without a poison of its own.

He can't get out the colour of her eyes from his mind. It is so carved into him that he thinks sometimes it is the colour of his own eyes.

And she, being an emerald green he knows so well, is his own Killing Curse.

He lets out a breathy but yet sarcastic chuckle from his lips at his thoughts.

She would end up killing him.

Everything overwhelms him.

He cannot deal with it anymore.

Both of his hands run through his hair, leaving them there for a moment before rubbing his eyes with the heel of his hands. The tears keep pooling in his eyes, it is a burning sensation he is familiar with. He repulses it, though.

His eyes shut tightly and he fights to not let the salty water run down his unhealthy pale skin. His fingers grip his hair and pull a bit before the sob in the bottom of his throat becomes a sound.

Another sarcastic laugh leaves his lips at the scene he is giving right now.

Sweet Circe, he is weak.

When the rage and hatred control his body yet again in the day, makes his hand hit the desk next to him. He pushes the wood angrily with his foot again. He doesn't remember how many times he has had to use Reparo and a paint charm.

Soon enough he throws the half-empty bottle of Gin across the room, making it explode against the wall.

His tears are plenty of this feeling of remorse.

In a dark room, with her aroma promenading thrillingly in the air, not feeling her body between the cold sheets when he tries to sleep.

He cannot  feel a damn thing

He has lost himself.

Oh, the habits of his pitiful heart.

Her miraculous medicine is in his head because he has let it ease his pain many times.

He doesn't know how she does what she does with his brain if she is so far away from him. And he is a damn masochist for adoring and idolising how she does it so good to him, how she is his favourite pill.

Before, he would rather be alone than depending on this way of someone.

But then she appeared and fucked up everything.

And it is ripping him apart.

She got to get too close, making him hard the task to let her go.

He doesn't know at what moment was that he stood up and started to throw things again.

Maybe he hasn't left the anger stage, he just did not want to admit it. He thought that if he said he was only depressed, things would eventually be like he said. More wrong he couldn't be.

The lack of strength in his magic made the previously casted Muffliato spell work very inadequately. A thing that had as result in Theodore Nott entering the room in a rush when the sounds became too deep.

He had passed the wards without much stress, they were weak and seemed to have been neglected for a few days now. Theo wondered why his best friend had wards up, them he entered his room and saw the chaos.

With difficulty, he managed to dodge the three books the blond has thrown. He was giving his back and drowning in his tears.

Theodore's voice got lost with the blue-grey-eyed's desperate and drowned sobs escaping his throat.

"Malfoy, stop it!" he shouted once again while grabbing his beat friend from the back, surrounding his body with his arms as he has always done when Draco is conducting this way. "Calm down, mate... Calm down..."

And Draco fell on the floor on his knees, Theodore behind him still holding the pieces as he could.

"Breathe, mate... Breathe," he sighed drawing his wand quickie and casting a stronger Muffliato spell on the door as well a locking charm.

And how could Draco breathe if all his saw was blue?

The colour of depth.

Blue represents understanding and intelligence. Knowledge and serenity. It is the colour of trust and the empowerment. Purity and lessons. Faith and trust. It is the colour of deep-rooted wisdom. The colour of magic.

But blue is also the colour of sorrow. It is the colour of pain. But not a sharp fleeting pain.

No, blue is the kind of pain that inserts itself deep into the heart and infects the psyche from the inside out. Blue is the colour of long dull agony that will never truly go away. It is the sorrowful continuation of permanent discomfort. A never-ending ache.

Blue is knowledge and understanding, yes, but blue is also eternal suffering and resignation to the darkness.

However, for now, it is Lhu Onely's favourite colour of all times. She loves blue.

Because Leevanna is smiling at her, a closed-mouth smile, but she is doing it.

Suddenly, her heart became warmer than it already was, "Are we going to practice today?" she has asked with that sweet voice of hers Lhu has missed and desired so much to hear again.

And she is so happy that the only way to demonstrate that is jumping to hug her best friend, who squirms a little at first but then just lets her forehead rest against her friend's shoulder.

"Why is it that you are so happy?"

Lhu sighed still smiling, "Just keep talking... All your life," she says as her grip becomes tighter. "Don't stop talking."

It takes several seconds, but she feels an arm surround her before she hears a, "I won't, I promise."

And Lhu is so happy that she doesn't realise her lips had kissed a certain redhead lips instead of the other, who fortunately wasn't near the scene of an unintentional crime. The brunette had even raised her leg and stood in tippy toes before giving a spin and jump like a child as she walked away.

"Did she just—" Fred Weasley winced shaking his head still startled. "Did she just kissed me?"

Leevanna, not being able to hold it, let out a chuckle and tapped the shoulder of the redhead with her hand before keeping it inside her coat's pocket just like her other one while walking, "Come off your nine cloud, redhead," she grinned. "Your heart's about to come out your sleeve, watch it."

The redhead, who had been touching his lips, looked at her poorly, "Ha. Ha. Very funny," he rolled his eyes. "Bet I missed your comments."

Her feet abruptly stopped giving steps.

A knot. In her throat.

She wouldn't say that word again.

That word did not exist anymore.

The second before Fred is about to ask her if she is okay, the green-eyed clears her throat lightly and grins again, "You did."

Is all she can say, really. Now she is going to be silent again for at least a moment, until is necessary to use her voice again.

That day seems to be quite normal, most of the people had already accepted she wouldn't talk to them or at all so it wasn't as if Leevanna felt pressured to do it again. She was okay with being silent.

She has time to concentrate on the world that is going on inside that head of hers.

Or perhaps a memory.

"Do you like villains?"

She sighed, "Rather than being the protagonist, would you choose to be the villain?"

He took a few seconds to answer, "I prefer the middle."

It was his turn to sigh, "The hero is always lame and believer of the rainbow's power and the magic of friendship," his eyes fixed on how their hands had different sizes. "They always withstand what happened to them in the past with this," he grimaced, "saviour complex — and they think they have all... And they have a limit, with everything — even with their significant others... But they are always the good ones, the winners."

He made a pause, still playing with her fingers and caressing her hand with his fingertips.

"Now, the villain — is awesome," he proceeded. "They have all in their power, they can do whatever they want," he sighed. "If someone dared to hurt their significant other, the world would stop existing — because that person means something," the penultimate word clipped. "They have all in control... But they are always the bad ones, nobody wants to hear their side of the story."

She dedicated herself to let the little fireworks explode inside her when he intertwined their fingers for a moment before start playing again.

"I would like to be the villain with a hero ending."

Leevanna used to adore the protagonist in every story, at least the ones in the books she liked the most and weren't too stupid to be true. She had found them quirky and fun.

They had always the person that she thought she should be — the winner, the centre of the story, the one who would be praised by everyone.

But she had disconnected from that ideology years ago.

Now, she found her solace in the villain.

Somehow, the character that was told to be heartless and evil, reverberated deep in her heart as she realized that they were not so distinct.

She appreciated how the memories and experiences that said villain had gone through almost seemed to mirror her own. She liked the dark comfort in discovering she was not so solitary in her beliefs. In her thoughts.

The protagonist may have been considerate to her, but the antagonist understood her.

And that was infinitely more precious.

She had found someone who mirrored her, who would understand her and never judge her.

And the green-eyed could name thousands of reasons for her to leave — to stop feeling what was so craved into her unwanted heart.

She had a list that seemed to go on forever of things that would justify her decision to leave behind the life that she knew and just end with it all — with herself. Reason after reason. Incident after incident. Hardship after hardship.

But it was her one reason to stay that made it all worth it. For that one reason to stay was worth an eternity of reasons to leave. Her one thing. Her one person. Her one reason.

Now he isn't there anymore.

There to make her laugh truly until her belly hurt and she had tears running down her cheeks while she fought to catch a breath. To tell her everything would be fine if she just looked at him in those stunning blue-grey eyes of his. To protect her from the persons who once hurt her and the ones who intended to do so.

He wasn't here to be her air.

And she is drowning.

"Leev, I'm just trying to help you," said Lee. "You're going to end up hurt."

She laughed bitterly before her face became blank, "Could you stop? Honestly," she growled. "I'm getting tired of you and your theories."

"He is bad for you, Leev."

If he was so bad for her, then why did he made all the other bad things to go away?

That day she is particularly distracted from the world surrounding her and had decided to just focus on Neville Longbottom for now until her thoughts reorganised themselves again.

People at Dumbledore's Army seemed to trust her more every day and that made her task easier.

Of course, there was still a few exceptions, but Leevanna and the others didn't pay too much attention.

"Pay attention to how you hold your wand," she murmurs as her hands accommodate Neville's wrist position.

The boy opened his mouth making her look up when there was no answer.

"What?" she asked with a frown.

He smiled softly and shook his head in denial before doing what she had indicated.

Once the Gryffindor was practising the jinx she had taught him, her eyes drifted around the room to curious what the others were doing.

What would her father and Lucius say about this?

The Queen of Slytherin actually helping the Gryffin-losers to fight against the snakes.

What a title. And, please! The irony.

Her eyes soon fixed on someone who ruled the castle too and had curls very similar to a girl Leevanna once knew.

The green-eyed frowned.

She was a Princess, why was she underestimating herself and trying to dome a lion who clearly want to eat the owner of the circus?

The meeting of that day passed smoothly and very fast, the hours seemed to be seconds with everything they were practising.

When she found Lhu, the twins and Lee planning a visit to Hogsmeade Village, she pulled the first mention from the arm and said, "I'm going to the library."

"Sure, you want me to—"

She smiled softly and denies with her head, "No, Lhu, is fine, I would be back in a few hours."

Lhu nodded and gave her a short hug before turning to talk with Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott, who had tapped her shoulder to ask her about clothes.

While going down the stairs to reach the first floor, Leevanna made her robes levitate to be able and take off her knitted sweater and just use her blouse. With a flick of her wand, she made her sweater disappear and her robes land on her arm. She hoped nor Filch or Umbridge were near.

Recently the woman has been paying close attention to the green-eyed. She supposed it was because of her constant missing attention to class in previous months.

Once Leevanna was in the abandoned girls' lavatory also known as Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, she made sure the ghost wasn't near and put her robes on the floor to sit there.

Concentrating all her strength in conjuring her own copy of the book Magick Moste Evile and give it a glimpse after various months of negligence to her studies in Dark Arts.

When the book was fully available for her, she let out a slow sigh and quickly conjured a simple glass to them use Aguamenti to fill it and drink. Her magic felt somehow incomplete since she had started to use it entirely again.

She believed it was her lack of strength due to her continual distress.

In her perpetual silence, she lost herself in the pages of the book on her lap for at least one hour and a half before a noise made her turn abruptly, making the glass by her side explode due to being connected with her inner magic.

"Sorry," said the girl who resulted to familiar but yet was a stranger, she was picking up the small book she had let fall. "I didn't mean to interrupt you."

Leevanna shook her head in denial, "No worries."

"It sounded as if — oh, Godric," her hand flew to her mouth and quickly she approached towards Leevanna, who had just given attention to that she had put her hand over the shattered glass accidentally and now was bleeding. "Are you okay?"

And Leevanna let out a chuckle while Hermione bloody Granger kneeled in front of her.

Leevanna laughed harder.

She was everything but okay.

"I-I'm sorry," she said among genuine laughter that became stronger little by little. Her pale cheeks were now red and her face had recovered colour.

And it is that, sweet Salazar, the situation was so fucking hilarious to Leevanna.

Hermione Granger, the Gryffin-fools Princess had asked her, a Slytherin, if she was okay and had actually kneeled in front of her in an attempt to touch her hand.

Leevanna Vaughan, the Ice Queen, had fallen in fucking love and now couldn't sleep without feeling a void in her chest every time.

She was giving defence classes to Gryffindors. Gryffindors, for Salazar's sake!

Merlin, she couldn't fucking breathe.

The girl in front of her looked at her with wide-open eyes in confusion and surprise. Leevanna stopped laughing and took a deep breath.

"Sorry," she apologised once again and shook her head still with a smile across her face. "Yes, my hand is fine, Granger."

The girl blinked before coming to reality, "Are you sure?" she asked. "I could—"

But before she could even brush Leevanna with her skin, she withdrew her bleeding hand.

Granger blinked one more time and retired her hands away slowly. "Sorry," she muttered.

Leevannna sighed and looked at her, "It isn't because you are a Mudblood."

And she winces before shaking her head in denial with her eyes close shut.

"Forgive me," she frowned looking down prior to close her eyes one more time. "I do not accustom to say that word," she looked up and saw Granger shake her head. "It isn't because your blood is filthy, mine is too," she corrected herself. "It is because for me is preferable to not being touched."

"Oh," said Granger, paying attention to how the green-eyed's vocabulary was so refined. "Well — could I then?"

"Yeah," Leevanna sighed giving her her hand and letting a lion lick a snake's wound.

They spend numerous minutes in silence, Leevanna devotes herself to look at how Granger manipulated the bandage she had conjured to envelop her hand after cleaning the cut and applying a hydration crème.

Leevanna looked up at the moment Granger finished with her job.

"Are you behind Weasley because you really fancy him or because you're supposed to be with him?"

And she knows her question is bold.

Granger has her cheeks flushed and her mouth open. She is startled by the question, the green-eyed knows.

"Sorry," she says, "I tend to do that type of comments," she shrugged. "Is fine if you don't answer, I just asked because I'm good at observing."

The Gryffindor Princess shook her head, "No, no, it's fine," she sighed. "And, answering, well — I don't know really."

Her gaze travelled down until her eyes were fixed on the book on Leevanna's lap.

"I mean, I've always had this feeling — and I think everyone else too — that I'm going to end up with him," her voice quiet, Leevanna likes her tone. It isn't too loud but not so low. "But he has never seemed to notice," and her eyes are on the green-eyed's again. "I guess is because boys don't think about that much — or simply are stupid — but I don't know anymore."

Leevanna remained silent for a few seconds.

Without knowing exactly what to say, it took her a moment to find her voice, "In Slytherin," she began, "boys are usually seeking to have a witch since third year," she shrugged.

Both stayed silent a few more seconds before Leevanna spoke again, "Boys realise that, y'know? If they like someone, they know — it just takes a while for them to admit it," she sighed before a smile appeared on her face when she looked down. "Before Blaise started going out with Pansy, he thought he fancied me — Blaise was just confused though, he was trying subconsciously to make her jealous."

And she looks up again.

"Did you know?" Granger asked. "That you would end up with him."

Leevanna went tense and her eyes closed.

If she knew? No, definitely not.

She had thought they would hate each other until both left Hogwarts — even after that. Their little encounters in the middle of the night didn't mean anything until one day it just happened.

And it took her a while to even admit she fancied him, even more time to know that she loved him.

"No," she answered opening her eyes. "It was... It wasn't planned."

At what moment it even started? Or finished?

She believed it was.

Both had broken their promises, they hated each other again.

Because she really hated him.

She hated him so much it hurt every second. She hated him so much she couldn't sleep at night because of her horrible nightmares or marvellous dreams of him. So much that she almost wanted to kill him with bare hands.

Because all though she hated him with every bone in her body, she loved him twice as much.

He had ruined her over and over and over again. And she had let him. Not because she liked it, but because it ruined him too.

But then she thinks... And she confesses she loves how he ruins her.

"It was sacred," she says with a weak smile, "while it lasted," her eyes look up. "A precious way of hate," and her voice is low. "It was ours."

She fights, for the tears to not burn her eyes.And Granger's question surprises her."Could you — if you don't mind — could you tell me about it?"Nevertheless, it also makes her smile.Although it is more like a scoff.Because no one has asked her that. They prefer not to do so. And she wants to talk about it so much."This necklace?" she said grabbing the little star. "It is the only one in its kind, he gave it to me saying 'All my stars, for you' and that is my favourite phrase."We used to play hide and seek at his manor," she chuckled. "Many times we ended up wet because we would push the other into the pond," and her smile is so genuine. "Him and I would read every single book of the library until it was morning and then he would ask for an elf to bring us hot chocolate because he knows it is my favourite."With every word, her heart breaks a little bit more."He would talk to me about the stars and name one for me," she continues. "We would fight for the biscuits Narcissa makes and then we would do fencing as a game," and another weak smile is decorating her face. "He would make me promises all night if I couldn't sleep," she says fighting back tears. "And so much more that would take an eternity to say."And she finally looks at Granger."Fancy someone who would be yours and you theirs," she says. "Someone who would buy you whatever you want no matter the cost, someone who would give you everything even if they don't have anything," her heart hurts. "Who would tell you that you look beautiful even if you are crying, someone who would love your tears and kiss your scars," and her insides twist. "Someone who would notice you even if it is dark. Someone who would open the door for you and carry your books, someone who would put you first even if that means above life itself," she continues. "Someone who would destroy the world if something happens to you. Someone who you can be alone with and not feel alone. Who would talk to you about stars," it hurts. "Love someone who would live for you, Granger, dying is too easy."

The hazelnut-haired one nods at her words, memorising them as she does with her books.

It takes her a second, but she finds her courage to ask, "What did you mean earlier? About our types of blood?" she frowns. "Are you a..."

"I would be dead if I was a Muggle-born," she says sardonically. "What I mean is that I've done things, Granger, things your Gryffindor'y side wouldn't approve even if your life depends on it," she let out a breathy chuckle and denied with her head. "I've been the witness of events you wouldn't even dare to imagine," and her eyes are cold at her Occluding. "I'm not pure anymore, my blood isn't pure, it is stained.

"If someone tells you your blood is filthy, is because theirs is even filthier," her voice firm. "They pretend you're a threat to don't think much if they do evil things to you."

Granger nodded once more at her words, and Leevanna stood up making her book and robes levitate.

"Thank you," Granger hurries to say when the green-eyed starts to walk away. "For training us and having enough patience to not kill us all," she lets out a chuckle. "You know so much and you're even going against your own... So thank you, for being with us."

A lion thanking a snake.

"You're welcome," Leevanna answers starting to walk again before stopping at the door. "And, Granger?"

"Memorise what I said."

Draco observed her laugh, without strength, but she laughed. A couple of days ago she was laughing and talking a little again.

He just deserved to look at her, from afar, in the distance... He did not deserve anything else.

He had the Fred Weasley secretly informing him about what had been going on with her for a few weeks now since he had found him surrounded by various kinds of flowers at The Astronomy Tower on February 14 and both had talked.

He still hadn't told him what had happened and he still didn't ask wither. He didn't want to, Fred knew he was in pain too.

The blond put a blueberry in his mouth still with his eyes on her. Jordan had put two carrot sticks in his mouth and imitated a seal.

At breakfast, she sat at the Gryffindor table, at the dinners they sat at Slytherin's table to the bottom so that she didn't cross with him, what she did on the day had been memorised as well.

All his resistance was never distant enough.

A half-smile formed on his face when he saw her stamp a cupcake on Lee's face making him stop.

"Lee! No!" she giggled moving away from him so that he wouldn't tickle or touch her anymore, her laughter still didn't regain strength but there it was.

At least, she laughed again.

He stopped chasing her when she jumped off fright because of the touch of his fingers on her arm.

"Fine, fine," he laughed and avoided passing an arm through her shoulders. "What do you want to do now? We have two hours off until dinner," she shrugged walking next to him.

She had made pranks again from a few weeks, the twins had helped in that.

She crossed her arms and Lee was struck by a ring. "That's..."

"The one he gave me and one of his, yes," she sighed and both sat on a near bench. She slept with his Quidditch sweater and wore his ring, at least the one she had. She had found it in a drawer of her nightstand by chance — searching for more sleep pills — and the air had abandoned her body when the silver caressed her skin.

And she would never dare to take off her star necklace around her neck.

"Why do you keep using it?" She shrugged without knowing what to say. She felt him close wearing his things — but she would not admit it or say it out loud. "Leevy, I want to talk to you about something," he said after a few seconds of silence scratching his neck. "Something you saw a few months ago..."

None of them had talked about what Leevanna saw in his mind before Christmas, she hadn't taken importance at that time.

When had he started feeling things for her? He didn't know. One day he saw her laughing and he made it his goal to make her laugh every day of his life.She  deserves  to laugh every day of her life.He had a little affair with Daphne Greengrass, yes, but what he felt for Leevanna was stronger. Daphne was a good friend, she knew how he felt and she had understood him and she had said that, if the universe wanted, maybe in the future they would cross paths again.

That had been days before Christmas. Now his attention was only on making sure Leevanna didn't commit suicide.

"I already forgave you," she chuckled rolling her eyes, her voice was a little stronger. "Oh..." then she remembered.She remembered all the times in the year that she and Draco fought about  that . She didn't believe it until she saw it, literally.A pain invaded her heart at the same time despise did. The burning in her within. The monster nipping its teeth in her spine, tearing her apart, making contact with every single nerve and making her bleed internally.

But she pushed that feeling away quickly. Or she tried to do so.

Lee was not guilty here and she knew it.

"I just — sorry," he huffed.

"It's okay, Lee," she smiled softly.

"It's just that... I couldn't help it," he confessed looking at her. "But — easy! Eh — I don't ask you to correspond to me, just — I just wanted to tell you," she chuckled and he got blush. "I — I know you love him... Fuck! I — don't cry! I'm sorry! I'll buy you anything! I — ...Why are you laughing?"

"I-I'm sorry," she said among genuine laughter that became stronger little by little. A couple of students who passed looked at her confused. She stopped laughing and took a deep breath. "You were so scared," she said laughing again, he smiled. He had made her laugh for the first time, or so he thinks. "You don't have to buy me anything, don't worry," she sighed controlling her laughter.

"It doesn't hurt anymore?" he asked.

They were already in March."What hurts is that we never really say goodbye. We just kind of...   ended," she sighed. "Hurts knowing that he isn't with me," Lee nodded slowly. "We said I hate you, even when he said he wouldn't do it. We hurt each other on purpose... And then   I   left, when I promise him I would never do it," she smiled weakly and looked at him."I would give you the world Leevy...""I know.   I know that you would give me the world, the problem is that  he  is my world."

  I'm sorry I haven't written to you in the last few months, I didn't know how to do it. I also didn't have the courage or the strength. I hope Lhu's words have been enough in this time. I know you probably despise me right now, but I don't have anyone else more to write.

  Where do I even begin?

  I tried Cissy... I really tried.

  I'm so tired and I don't want to fight anymore. You don't know how I miss you and how you always comfort me... How much I miss him.

  He hates me, Cissy. And, God, he is in his right to do it and never feel different.

  I want everything to disappear.

want to disappear. I feel alone... However, I am not. People are watching me every minute, and yet I feel so alone. I'm lost. The absence of him is everywhere I look. It feels like a huge hole has been punched through my chest, leaving me exposed. You know how much I despise feeling.

  I can smile, but deep inside me lies the beautiful song of pain that seems to tease me.

  I hope you're able to write me back.

She stood there, doubting for a minute before handing the letter to the grey owl she had had since her first year at Hogwarts School. A soft smile decorated her lips and a tear ran down her face as it always happened constantly.

The skin of her finger brushed her cheek, wiping it away before she stared at it a minute.

And she agrees with Dr — with

The little drop of salty water filled with hopelessness seems to glow like a diamond. Her thumb and index finger rubbed the water wetting her finger's yolks.

       Don't you think is funny?

"What's funny?" she whispers between teeth, just for herself, replying to her conscience question.

       If you pitch yourself right now you will probably land on pillows.

A soft chuckle broke free from her lips.

"They don't want me to die," she sighs lowly, still whispering for herself. "And it feels like torture. They are torturing me."

        Jordan did it first. In the lake. He added a punishment. Bloody bastard.

"Don't call him that," she whispered again as her eyes fixed on the landscape in front of her. "He cannot comprehend me. He thinks he saved me."

       And you're letting them believe that.

"That makes them happy," she sighed again. Lowering her gaze to caress an owls head with her hand. "Even though they live in a lie, they deserve to be happy."

       And you don't?

"The monster doesn't let me... It would never let me," her lip curves up in a closed-mouth smile before she leaves the place.

She thinks she would never be happy.

It feels like a very dark cloud is hanging over every decision and action.

The chains which slave her are burying down her skin, sticking to her muscles and making her bleed. Agonising every day.

Depression. It's like the undertow of the ocean. It seems innocuous at first. She really thought she could handle the waves; it's not that deep; she can get herself back to safety.

trying to continue, ignoring the dynamics of the pull, deluding herself into believing it's not affecting her.

But she is hidden, deep in a dark hole, where the only light that reaches her is the cruel ray of sunlight that the monster lets slip through a small hole. Burning her. Her ice empire is against herself, rebelling every minute and driving icebergs into her flesh. Mutilating her.

The black ocean is drowning her every second.

It is invisible. It is silent. It is massive. It wants her to stay with It, out in the cold depths where she can't touch and her strokes toward the shore yield so little progress relative to the herculean effort she exerts trying to get back to her former status quo.

What do you do, at that moment, when you can't make sense of the world? When nothing seems to fit the way you thought it did?

She doesn't know what to do anymore.

She wants to ask for help. She wants to rely on her safety net.

But she's so low on strength and willpower that it's a physical and mental chore just to get to that safety net. And she was trying to fight every inch to get there.

She doesn't want to fight anymore.

Quite frankly, she doesn't have enough strength to hold herself up right now. She just closes her eyes and she falls... And falls... And falls.

And her heart is broken. A million pieces of it which lay on the ground of hopelessness and despair, fighting to reconstruct it again... But she can't. She doesn't have the strength.

And her heartbreak consists of crying until she can't breathe or throws up or passes out from exhaustion night after night. She'd the hope it would stop according to the months. But she just doesn't stop throwing up exactly ten minutes after eating, falling unconscious after that.

She lays on her back, feeling the tears streaming down her face after she has run out of energy for those big sobs that seem to be her food every day.

And she doesn't know how he feels about the whole thing. Is begging and praying every night for him to be better than she is. It's caring too much at the point she walks towards his room in the middle of the night and just stares at it before she goes back to her bed.

Is knowing that she left him when she promised never to do so and he hates her even he promised to never do it.

Is getting up in the morning after her nightmares without the fucking willing to do it, and trying to get ready. Is looking at the ring she wears every day and —

no! you cannot keep wearing it! It's his ring!

Or the other — no! He gifted you that one! But she doesn't repair the burning the familiar silver and gold causes. It's looking at her closet and the clothes it keeps and —

remember when you modelled that dress for him?

And she thinks she should burn all her clothes. Then there is the necklace around her neck when she is about to touch the star and — you should throw that! It is his too!

But how she could even dare to do that?

She remembers once she heard Blaise and him talking.

"Mate, how many fucking diamonds that thing has?" the dark-skinned boy asked.

The blond shrugged with a smirk and responded, "A few."

"Pansy and the girls are bloody chuffed with it, I'm telling you," Blaise said. "And Vaughan with that smile of hers isn't helping."

He shrugged again and smiled before looking up, "Let her," he said. "Is the only one in its kind."

"Al my stars, for you."

It doesn't really matter how much time it's been since he isn't with her, because all feels the same. It's such an intense physical sensation — her head feels like it would explode any minute, her blood feels like it was pounding through her veins in chunks. Her chest feels like a vacuum. She feels a huge rock-forming in the pit of her stomach and a debilitating tightness inside her chest.

And it doesn't really get better.

She's lying to her friends every day, lying to herself, saying that she feels okay when she doesn't. Doing simple things is very difficult and is very hard not to disappear into her own shell. Talking to people is getting exhausting again, she doesn't want to do it anymore.

She just wants to hide away from the world, but that isn't possible.

There is no escape from it, nothing to face, nothing to do. She still smiles because she doesn't want them to feel that she's in need of help, to pull her out of the guilt. She smiles for them, and they just don't look into her any further.

The negligence for her soul grows every day, but she still doesn't care, because she won't stand up for herself. She's hating herself again, as always. She's her own enemy.

The memories don't fade and the pain never subsides. She can forget about it for a while. But it doesn't fade. It never does.

She feels abandoned, and the entire wound is torn back open.

And the pain is the only reminder that everything is real. That all the memories are.

"Make it a powerful memory, the happiest you can remember," Harry said passing among people to teach them the Patronus.

Luna, Ron Weasley, the twins, Lhu and Granger had already conjured it.

"Okay, listen to me," she said softly to Neville. "You can do this, okay?" he nodded. "Try once more," he closed his eyes and focussed, half of a body came out of his wand. "See?"

"Thank you, Leevy," he said blushing a little, she nodded.

"You're welcome, Neville," she smiled. "Now keep going, you can do it."

The green-eyed girl had had very good days the last week, she smiled a little more often and her laugh had become purer. Narcissa's response to her letter had arrived three days ago, she was grateful for that.

She still had that emptiness inside her chest and it burned every time she breathed, but she had stopped crying long hours. The nightmares had also stopped, she had them only two times a week. It was a pretty good advance. She knows.

But it isn't enough.

She went to the mirror that was in the room and smiled nostalgically when he saw the picture of Cedric.

"That's so ladylike," he laughed, both ate French fries on a bench.

"Oh, yeah? This too?" She said laughing before throwing the food in his face making him laugh.

"Leev?" Granger said taking her out of her thoughts. "Are you okay?"

She hated that question. She hates it with all her being. She hates it maybe more than she hates the sun.

Why the people had to keep asking if she was 'okay'? Wasn't enough to look at her face? How awful she looked? She had tried to kill herself multiple times and they keep fucking asking if she was okay! She's clearly

But it isn't Grangers fault, she knows. She's just asking.

"Oh — yeah, yeah," she forced a smile. "Only remembering, Granger."

"You already conjured your Patronus?" asked the girl smiling softly.

"I — I don't think I'm able to do so," she confessed mumbling. She raises her gaze, finding that the twins and Lhu surrounded her. Lee joined also them and looked at her with a smile.

A smile full of pity. Pity they don't realise hurts her like the fucking hell.

"Huh? Why? You're the one most capable here," said Granger getting her out of her thoughts with a soft frown. "I'm sure you can."

"Yeah — It's just — I—" and the air stutters inside her again. Her haze uppers and she finds everyone is looking at her. Or at least it feels like that. She's being watched every second. "Can I — Can I try tomorrow? I — I don't—"

Her chest is contracting, is hurting again. Her vision is opaqued by white flashes that made her head want to explode. She cannot — she cannot breathe. She — she needs — she needs to run away.

Why everyone is still observing her? Why they have to keep staring?

"Leevy," Luna's voice made her turn her head. Her soft smile was true. No pity in it. "Remember the flower's fairytales."

Leevanna nodded, gulping and closing her eyes at that instant to start focusing.

A happy memory... She doesn't have many happy memories, no powerful ones. All are sad or bittersweet. But then she remembers that the memory doesn't exactly need to be happy.

Then, they both looked at each other and a few seconds later they tried to silence their laughter so they wouldn't be discovered.

"Thank you," she whispered closing her eyes while her nostrils were soaked in the perfume he used. Draco froze for a second but ended up slowly circling her waist and lifting her off the floor a bit due to her small height.

Then the unexpected happened: Draco took Leevanna's cheeks tightly before joining their lips together.

After a few seconds, Draco began to gently caress her hair while humming a tune through closed lips.

"Kiss me..." she whispered lowering her gaze again while the boy's lips were slowly approaching hers until they were on hers. His lips were just as cold as hers.

Their lips met so slowly and delicious that they could feel every single part and nerve of their mouths between the kiss.

And suddenly the messy puzzle in her head makes sense. A lot of sense. She discovers that the pieces fit upside down and normally, she discovers that she hadn't wanted to see the answer but now she's doing it.

The blue-grey-eyed man grabbed the girl by the waist and moved their bodies in time to the music before turning her around. It was just them, the rest didn't exist and inside their eyes were galaxies.

"I found you," he whispers with his thunderstorm eyes piercing her two emeralds.

"You always do," and both chuckle with lips so close yet so far.

And she looked up, meeting his eyes.

"And you think I do?"

"I'm yours and you're mine."

He winked her before leaving a kiss on her lips and laying his head on her thighs placing an arm around her legs. Leevanna played with the blond's hair slowly and smiled seeing him relax with her touch.

"Thank you, Draco," she smiled towards him.

"You are welcome, Leev," he smiled too. "And happy birthday by the way," she laughed nodding.

"I will promise you all the things in the world, Leevanna," he says. "You don't even have to ask. I will, I promise you that. Always," and she leaves a soft kiss on his lips before pressing their foreheads.

"I don't hate you," he breathes still making his eyes rain.

"I don't either," she whispers pressing their foreheads. "I won't go anywhere again."

"I hate you," she murmurs with her face rosy from rage and eyes still narrowed.

"I know, love," she smiles against her mouth prior to leaving a kiss on her jaw. "I hate you, too," this time he whispers it in her ear.

"What if they made us Muggle voodoo?" She laughed harder before pulling him by his shirt and bringing their lips together.

She passionately kissed him surrounding his neck with her arms laughing gently and playing with his hair while he smiled at her.

"I love him, Cissy."

"Woah," Leevanna opened her eyes when she heard a girl.

An Antipodean Opaleye dragon, the most beautiful dragon.

"It's gorgeous, Leevy," Luna told her standing on her side. She smiled feeling tears down her cheeks.

Yeah, it was very beautiful.

The memories were beautiful. They weren't exactly happy, but they were beautiful in their own way.

Then everything began to tremble and Leevanna lowered her wand finishing with the charm.

And she saw him there, taking Marietta by the robes tightly. His smile disappeared when he saw her there. Her watery eyes connected with his icy eyes.

Leevanna knew that luck was going to end and it did. It certainly did.

Well — all had ended a lot of time ago. A very long time. So long ago that it felt like an eternity.

She was sitting behind the twins, in front of Lee and next to Lhu. None of them could avoid Umbridge's quill, which was

Millicent had tried to persuade Umbridge to release Leevanna and Lhu, but the woman hadn't relented. Both girls had just smiled at Millicent, as a way to tell her everything was fine. Clearly, it wasn't fine. The façades of strength seemed to be the ultimate fashion.

Leevanna's cheeks were soaked with clear tears, her swollen green-eyed with red spider webs around her iris. Her gaze was blurry and a sheet of white flashes had seemed to be possessing her vision. Her body hurt, psychically and mentally, it felt heavier, numb, as if a truck full of anvils would have run her over and over again.

But the problem was that she wasn't crying in silence for that, she cried for what she had seen half an hour ago: she'd been walking with Lee in the direction of the dungeons because she wanted to pick up her wand. Both stopped laughing when they saw Draco leaning on one of the walls trying to hold Pansy's gaze with tears running down his cheeks.

"Can you fucking tell me

have you done?" She asked, her arms crossed over her chest and her voice had a tone of anger.

Her hands accommodated the tiny silver "I" on his robe with exasperation as he looked away. The tears continued to run down his cheeks as he blinked.

"She's with them now, she's betraying her own house (the one she's very proud of), can you fucking tell me

the fuck is fucking happening?" She asked again with a frown of disapproval towards him. "Draco, I saw her when she tried to—"

The raven-haired shut her mouth when his eyes fixed on her again. He frowned softly, confused, the tears still sliding down.

"Tell me what the fuck happened," the girl asked changing the subject and the blond looked away again. Then Draco left, leaving the girl standing. Lee took her out before Pansy repaired her presence.

And Leevanna was shedding tears too from that moment on.

Leevanna felt guilty and the pain in her chest returned. That sensation of prickle and tingle inside her epidermis, merging with her nerves and blood vessels.

She kept writing. Though she didn't know where or how she was doing it.

Her eyes were so flooded by the tears that she could barely see. She didn't know if she was writing on the paper over the last line, on her own hand or over the table. She was just drowning in her silent pain.

When everyone left the place, George and Fred hugged Lhu trying to make her laugh to not think about the pain in her hand. Leevanna, for her part, didn't realise that she was leaving a small trace of her being all over the floor.

They were small drops of blood.

"Leev, God," Lee said, hurrying to carefully raise her arm. "I'm going to take her to the hospital wing, catch you later," the twins nodded and left with Lhu.

Leevanna, lost in her sort of trance and feeling the soreness of her throat taking away the air she had just recovered, looked up meeting Draco a few feet from her. His eyes were just as red as hers, the blue-grey iris opaqued by the red spider webs. He looked down at her hand and tears began to run down his pale cheeks again.

"Leevanna, talk to me," Lee called her with fear of returning a few months ago, he hadn't even realised Malfoy's presence. She turned and smiled gently — weakly. It was forced.

"I'm fine," she said. The knot in her throat was a new chain, preventing the words leave her interiors without broke it first. Lee denied silently, in disapproval for her words, before taking her by the wrist and rushing to take her to the hospital wing before she kept leaving drops of her being all over the floor.

Emotional numbness, feels like nothing.

It’s a defensive reaction. The body and mind pull back from the aftermath of an overwhelming event: a breakup, a divorce, a betrayal, a loss or a return from a war zone, in a form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.

Or it’s a defensive reaction to being in the middle of an overwhelming situation, where keeping your wits about you is crucial and you can’t afford to be distracted by emotion.

Once again the body helps, by shutting down emotionally so the adrenaline it’s producing can be used wisely. At these times the feeling doesn’t number, but focus that excludes everything but the task at hand.

You don’t care anymore. You don’t anything and your experiencing apathy. You feel nothing anymore because of the pain some people cause you. It is not a good stage I experience that and I don’t like to be in that stage again. I become insane in the end. As in literally mental.

When you feel like that, you are shutting out feelings. For some reason, fear or anxiety from trauma perhaps, your head thinks to protect you you should stop feeling, if you don’t feel, you can’t be hurt.

It’s going to a family members funeral, seeing so many people break down in tears and all you can do is sit there and hang your head. You know you should feel something, after all, you’ve known them your whole life. You don’t.

It’s like watching life continue around you, but feeling stuck, invisible, unable to connect. It’s going through the motions but with no satisfaction. It’s seeing someone smile and genuinely laugh and trying to remember how that felt.

With emotional numbness you don’t just block out the bad you block out the good.

It can be exhausting as the world only wants to see you happy. When someone tells a joke, they want to see you laugh, so you fake it. If they do manage to crack you and you don’t fake it that hollow void is back before you can even exhale that breath of relief.

It can be suffocating and debilitating, but it can also be comforting at times.

She feels as if the emotions were abandoning her body, emanating from it as if they were a fragrance. Just pain is left.

When Leevanna is emotionally numb, she would have so many emotions she doesn't even know which emotion to show — so she just sits down looking like she is exhausted when actually she is trying her hardest to think. Pretending to laugh makes you feel like you want to vomit.

She imagines it as something like a traffic jam in her head. The body feels like it is fizzing and she feels nothing more tha her existence.

Normally people would ask 'Are you ok?' — as they been doing for months — or laugh and say 'You look like you are so done with everything' when in actual fact being emotionally numb means that you feel empty.

You can’t even think about the present, let alone the future and the past. Everything is just a fuzzy cloud and your body just goes along with it. By this I mean, you feel like gravity is pulling you a bit further and whatnot.

She misses her old self, the she who is not a cunt to people. She hates herself so much at that time. She wishes that people will not experience that, because you are like a zombie, just not sucking brains, but the emotional pain with it.

Leevanna was disconnected from the world. The pain in her hand wasn't compared to the one she felt in her chest. Seeing him there, so vulnerable, so

And she knew... She fucking knew.

All the good — the perfect — has its end.

It was too good, too perfect, to be true.

Why did she want to write her own book?

Because she wanted to try and let the magic remain even if that meant to read one word per minute? Because they were her safe place? Because they were so full of magic and happy endings? Because she wanted to escape reality like she did when she was a child? Because there was never a middle, some clue of what she was looking for? Because she never found her correct ending? Because she wants to know what happens after?

What was she even thinking?

Nobody was going to tell her what happens after. No one was going to give her a correct ending.

«And somehow she feels this is just the eye of the storm.»

In fairytales, it usually lasts one or two pages, short moments when the misery embraces the two lovers until the monster is beaten.

In books... The mess can last chapter followed by chapter. It tears apart your inside. Leaves you exposed. Makes you cry and swear. It's suffocating suffering in its most pure way.

She doesn't remember what she wanted to write. If it was just a few pages or complete chapters.

But, God, in her own book, it never seems to end.

She is trapped in the storm.

She feels as if she was a child again.

When she used to cry so loud when her fingers passed the page to reach the end. Refused to keep reading. Hated everyone in the story for not making it last longer.

What was supposed to happen if the Price Charming never rescues the girl from her pain?

The Princess would die from her sorrow and that was it? Happily ever after?

And she is so angry with herself.

A thing she shares with Draco, who, two weeks later, is so full of hate for himself.

He had been like that since Umbridge had found about whatever Dumbeldore's Army was and she had been part of.

He is angry with her too.

"Who lied to you?" he frowned against her cheek before leaving another kiss. "To cut their throats."

"T-They don't trust me," she feels pathetic for crying at such nonsense.

So that is why she was crying that day.

Because of the twins and Jordan keeping away from her Dumbledore's Army. That's why she was saying everyone betrayed her and left her.

tell you!" she huffs when her eyes begin to burn. "I promised Lee I wouldn't say

She couldn't tell him because he would snitch the information to Umbridge.

Salazar, it has sense now.

But he is still angry.

She had been part of that joke and had actually been helping them to learn advanced Dark Magic.

And, please, how ironic.

A snake helping lions.

In a second he has caught the Snitch, putting an end to the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff.

Slytherin would now, thanks to the blond, play against Ravenclaw and see who would win the Quidditch Cup and, obviously, the House Cup for the first time in years.

Draco feels horrible saying it, but, holy god.

He has been winning match after match thanks to his anger against her.

Without saying a word to his teammates or to anyone really, he avoids all celebration in his name and walks towards the changing room with a frown and a frustrated expression. Goodness, he is so fucking angry.

When he enters, the sweaty smell hits his nostrils as a wave and his headache increases even more. Not even the darkness of it could clam wanting to punch something or someone.

The room reminded him of a sauna but in emerald green condensation of air.

He has never been on the other ones, but the Slytherin one was pretty well organised and tidy. All is always in its place, Slytherins could be very obsessive-compulsives when it came to ordering. The showers a bit far away, a short path to walk but enough large to talk while it. A large stone countertop with a large mirror on the wall over it.

He was there, frustrating, even more, every second.

A short time after, for his disliking, the rest of the team has entered the room, Draco is by that time still with his Quidditch robes and pretending to look for something in his locker.

In reality, he is just making time for everyone to leave and change alone and in peace.

When that happens, he sighs slowly and closes the locker in front of him after taking out the black towel he always has there to take a shower.

But now he knows not even the coldest waters could ease his frustration.

He knows why he is like that.

His body had been accustomed to receive it almost every bloody day and now he hadn't had fuck with anyone in fucking months.

He had tried though, he isn't proud of it, but he admits he has searched for a way to forget her.

It hadn't worked, the face of the witch quickly became her face and in his mind's eye, he could see her seeing him sin in the worst way and crying after just to not speak him ever again as bloody penitence of his atrocities.

That had been a horrible way to imagine her. He had spent a week just trying to not have hallucinations of her crying in the hallways of Hogwarts school.

Salazar, it was difficult.

   "Bloody hell, more stupid you couldn't be."

And it could be — no, it was impossible.

But that voice is so similar to—

It wasn't who he thought it was.

He knows that if a wizard or a witch spends a lot of time with another of their genre, they can acquire a similar voice tone and even their vocabulary.

In Astoria's third year she spent a reasonable amount of time with a certain witch he cannot pronounce the name of. It had perfect sense he had mistaken her voice for hers.

And he realises he hasn't abandoned his old habit of waiting for her.

He is still the one waiting for her.

Finding it obvious to not being able to ignore the witch, he finds his voice, "Tori," he says as a greeting, "what are you doing here?"

"I'm looking for my girlfriend's little brother," she huffs with both hands supported on the frames of the door. "Haven't you seen a little Hufflepuff for here?"

"No," he denies with his head before frowning. "Didn't you have a boyfriend last year?"

Astoria let out a chuckle and shook her head, "I discovered my side wasn't the correct one," she shrugs saying. "She is in Ravenclaw, her name is Artemisa Burke, perhaps you know her."

Draco thought for a second and tried to search the Ravenclaw witch's surname in any of his memories.

"Yes, I know her," he ended up responding. "Related to the Flints, isn't she? Purebloods."

"Yep," sighed Astoria. "I was lucky," she chuckled. "Mum said that at least if it wasn't a man, it needed to be Pureblood, completely ridiculous if you ask me."

Blood status and the subject, in general, was off-topic in civilised conversations for him.

"How are you?" she asked after a few seconds of silence.

The blond, who had turned to open his locker and take out his bottle of water, blinked.

And he knows that isn't a response, but it is all he has for the moment.

He closed his locker after drinking.

"You miss her, don't you?"

"A lot, Tori," he sighed fighting back the wish to throw himself to the floor and cry right there. He was sure he wouldn't be able to stand up after, he has gone through that already.

Both stayed silent a few seconds in which Astoria started to walk towards the blond.

"I miss her, too," she said. "I haven't seen her in months now, Lhu's been keeping her all for herself," a sigh left her lips at the moment she sat down on the bench. "She was like my second big sister, y'know?"

"I thought she was the little one of the group," he murmured supporting his forehead against the metal.

Astoria chuckled again, "Yes, she is," she said. "But I don't know," she shrugs. "She was always the one with the advice — for every kind of situation. And she had always had this thing in her eyes that even if they seemed cold, you knew you would be safe and will be loved... She is... She—"

"She is the most extraordinary and special person in the world," he whispered fighting back tears.

Because, Salazar, she is the person who he would live and give his life for just to see her smile.

She was his shelter from the storm. His breath of fresh air in the intoxicating chaos of life.

She was his sanctuary.

His tranquillity. His peace. His love. His mind.

But he was her storm. He was her chaos. He was her threat. Her fear. Her worry. Her weight.

Because he knows she likes the thunderstorms. She relished in the sound of rain on her fortress. The addictive smell of water seeping into the ground. She loved the look of the dark clouds. The feel of the harsh winds.

She was his shelter and he was her thunderstorm.

And if he needs to step away from her, he would.

   "I love her..."

And his voice is broken.

Tears running down. Back against the metal.

"I love her so much," his eyes look up and more tears are shed.

Astoria smiled melancholically, "I know you do," she murmurs and stands up. "Come here, blondie."

It feels warm. Reassuring.

Completely contrary to what was happening one week later in the girls' wing at the Slytherin dungeons.

Everything is peacock blue.

There are numbers forty-six everywhere.

It's like feeling an onslaught of hopelessness, mixed with deep feelings of depression, apprehension, and distress.

Usually, when you really, really want/need something but there's no way you can have it. Such as if you lose the love of your life or you feel like your life is changed forever for the worse and you can't pursue your dreams or you're very religious and have an acute crisis of faith.

Despair results from humans selecting more thoughts are stuck on solely negative, demoralising factors.

Despair is much easier to create through thinking because it is always much easier to reflect on only negative things.

Few of us feel so hopeless in life or are in such despair that we commit suicide but there are other situations in life where despair is possible. Being lost in a jungle, being the victim of a fatal illness, or not having enough time to complete an important task can all bring on feelings of despair or total helplessness.

Most despair does not result in death but despair is a very real rather infrequent life situation which most survive to live another day. The financial despair of too much debt to handle may have bankruptcy as a possible solution so it is not a fatal situation as are most situations which we despair about.

Leevanna is desperate.

"Where is it? Where is it?" she cannot stop saying again and again while her hands touch everything and nothing at the same time.

She throws things, turns them, lifts them, puts them down, repeats them all again.

Three times. Two seconds. Three times.

Three times. Two seconds. Three times.

"Where is it? Where is it? Where is it?" the tears began to blurry her vision making her growl and take the side of her index finger to her mouth to bite it before start throwing things again.

She can't find it. She can't. She can't. Cannot find anything. There is nowhere to look.

Too many things. Too much of everything.

Another growl leaves her mouth and her finger goes back to her mouth.

       Blood is the

       It picks up and carries

to where they are needed. It also picks up

and helps transport them out of the body.

       Blood is also part of the

fight off infections.

She is thinking. Answering questions she at least knows how to decipher.

It is that sound that metal makes when it's being twisted, like a steel girder groaning and twisting under force. It sounds like a metallic groan.

Sheer anguish feels like a gigantic panic attack lasting for several months straight. The kind of suffering which brings repeated blasts of Adrenalin throughout your belly over and over again from terror, all day long. Crippling fears haunt your dreams, waking you up constantly during the night.

You no longer feel the difference between hunger, sadness and fear. All you know is that eating makes you nauseous and that you’re blanketed by fatigue.

Over the weeks and months, you are reduced to a shell of your former self. Extreme anguish dismantles you over a long, drawn-out time of wholistic Human torture, of which you’re doomed to share with no one.

It's so painful and torturous, the pain is so deep you don't think you will survive it. It's unbearable. Like someone trying to skin you from the inside out. It is a feeling of utter loss and at the worst of it, you wonder if your god has left you.

You don't realize how much worse it could be without his hand upon you. It takes your breath away. And it leaves you almost in full shock but definitely in awe of its power. It is torture. You are changed permanently by its presence inside you. It also consumes energy and attention. It is the pain that you look back and realized that it almost killed you. It is a near-death experience.

For Leevanna would be fire yellow.

It consumes you. Leaves mortal wounds. You cannot breathe. You suffocate. You die. The flames dance around you while burning your skin pore by pore. You scream, implore. There is no one who would dare to help. No way to extinguish the fire. There is no way to survive.

As a number it would be 14, the green-eyes sees it as if the number one was a person and the number four was the fire consuming them.

Why can't she stop just doing it?

She is burning, from the inside, it feels as if something was eating her intestines just to continue with her stomach and then the rest of her organs. The monster uses its claws to tear apart her heart, vein by vein until it reaches the aorta. Now she is bleeding out. Feeling tired while the colour abandons her body once again. There is no more melanin to produce. Everything is so white that it is overwhelming.

Why can't it be black?

It is a constant battle with herself and it is so scary.

She just wants to stop.

"Where is it? Where is it? Where is it?" she keeps repeating over and over as her hands continue throwing away things. Everything is chaos. Her mind is chaos. Her heart is in chaos.

What are we willing to give to the person we love the most?

Leevanna has given her heart.

The heart is an ingenious organ of the human body with an intricate web of anatomy and functions that is critical to keep all creatures alive. It begins its formation very early in embryology and supports the maturation of an embryo to an adult heart. Its heartbeat provides the first sign of life in an embryo and is the last to 'leave' a dying body.

It is part of the Vascular System of a human or all creatures. A normal heart is a strong, hard-working pump made of muscle tissue. It is about the size of a person's closed fist.

heart and circulatory systemare the body's lifeline, delivering oxygenated blood to the body's tissues, and taking deoxygenated blood through the veins to the lungs for oxygenation before pumping it into the various arteries to provide oxygen and nutrients to body tissues. It is located in the thoracic cavity medial to the lungs and posterior to the sternum.

The heart wall thickness varies in different parts of the heart. The atria have a thin myocardium because their pumping blood is only into the ventricles. The ventricles have a thick myocardium to pump blood to the lungs or the entire body. The right side of the heart is less muscular than the left side because the left side pumps blood through the entire body while the right side only pumps to the lungs.

A beating heart is the symbol of life. We can diagnose whether a woman is pregnant utilizing a transvaginal ultrasound at seven or eight weeks. During labour and delivery, the physician constantly monitors the baby's heart beats to ensure the baby is not in distress.

Without the heart, the blood would not be pumped through our blood vessels. But this is what is needed for oxygen/carbon dioxide exchange in tissues and lungs. It is also needed for all the nutrients to reach all cells. It is further needed to transport the immune cells into every corner of the body where they are required. And of course, our hormones are carried in the bloodstream, pumped by the heart and they have effects wherever matching hormone receptors are located in the body.

Leevanna has lost her heart.

Her vital organ to keep living.

Usually, in medicine, the doctors try and try to resuscitate a person until the six minutes are finished. That is all the time they give to the heart to function again and keep us breathing and feeling.

Leevanna thinks her heart has been trying to be resuscitated for more than six minutes, thirty perhaps.

Her six minutes are over. She knows.

She can hear the machine that says there is no more life left in her small and fragile body.

She wishes she wasn't that fragile. That breakable. That useless.

She has lost her star.A star is a huge sphere of very hot, glowing gas. Stars are very long distant objects in the universe they are very far from us. Stars are very big in size. But they look very tiny because of their very distance from the earth. And we cant reach stars because we don't have too much speed like a light to travel. Stars produce their own light and energy by a process called nuclear fusion.Fusion happens when lighter elements are forced to become heavier elements. When this happens, a tremendous amount of energy is created causing the star to heat up and shine. Stars come in a variety of sizes and colours.

Everything that exists is the by-product of stars. You see when stars age they fuse into heavier and heavier elements all the way up to iron. Hydrogen, helium, carbon, oxygen, silicon, iron, all are by-products of stellar fusion. So the water you drink (hydrogen + oxygen), the air you breathe (oxygen), the sand upon which you walk (silicon), the metal in your car (iron), and the material you are made of (carbon), is the result of aeons of seeding from the death of countless stars.

Also, the gold which you adorn yourself with, the uranium used for nuclear power, comes from the collision of two supermassive neutron stars the size of a city, where a single teaspoon of matter weighs as much as Mt. Everest.

So it's not an exaggeration to say everything is made of the stars including you and me.

Stars are beautiful to look at. You can tell which stars are hotter and which are cooler by looking at their colour. Blue stars are the hottest while red ones are the coolest.

Now she is crying inconsolably. Screaming.

Mint. Nine. Eighteen. Twenty-seven. Lemon balm. Thirty-six. Forty-five. Fifty-four. Thunderstorms. Sixty-three. Seventy-two. Eighty-one.

       Deep. Ninety. Ninety-nine. One hundred eight. June. One hundred seventeen. One hundred twenty-six. One hundred thirty-five. Blue.

        Grey. One hundred forty-four. One hundred fifty-three. One hundred sixty-two. Stars. One hundred seventy-one. One hundred eighty. One hundred eighty-nine. Eltanin.

She had taken off her necklace to take a bath, she hadn't wanted to touch it with her hands full of dead cells and dirt. Plus she wanted to use a spell to clean it well and make it shine more than it already did. What a big mistake that had been.

How dare she to even think about taking it off?

She had left it on her bed next to the clothes she would use after her bath. It had been over her duvet and now it was gone. She had search it every—fucking—where. And it wasn't a joke, she had even look for it in Lhu's side of the dorm.

"Where is it?!" her scream is so loud that a glass over the dressing table explodes at her voice. She cannot stop screaming and crying.

A short time after Lhu and Fred Weasley are entering the room thinking something bad had happened to her and that had been the reason for her screaming.

"Leevy, what happened?" asks Fred seeing complete chaos in a room that was one of the tidiest and clean in whole Hogwarts while trying to lift a chair from the floor.

"No," Lhu stopped him. "Don't touch anything or it would just make it worse," Fred nods understanding.

Still searching for the fiftieth time in her drawers, Leevanna murmurs, "Where is it?"

"Where is what, sweetheart?" Lhu asks trying to cautiously approach her best friend. "Did you lost something?"

Yes, my stars and my heart.

"Where is it?" she murmurs again not finding her voice to say something more than that phrase.

She, in the middle of her despair, sat down between her nightstand and her bed. Her knees against her chest and both hands fisting her hair by the sides of her head while she continues crying and whispering, "One hundred ninety-eight. Two hundred seven. Two hundred sixteen... Stars... Two hundred twenty-five. Two hundred thirty-four. Two hundred forty-three... Constellations..."

Lhu blinks a second and thinks. Constellations? Stars? What was she—?

"Her necklace," she says turning to see Fred. "Find her necklace."

"But you said to not touch any—"

"It does not matter now," she hurries to say. "Just find it," her voice is demanding. "Now."

And the search begins.

Leevanna keeps whispering, crying, fisting her hair until her scalp stings. Her eyes are shut tightly, she can't open them. She is lost in her numbers and words.

Twenty-six minutes later or what it seems to be that amount of time, the door opens again showing Geroge Weasley and Lee Jordan.

"Ayo, what happened here?" frowned Geroge looking around the mess.

"Oi, little cinnamon," says Lee looking at his hand. "Sorry for taking your necklace without—"

"How dare you?" came Lhu's voice. "How fucking dare you?!"

And Lee looks up at Leevanna before looking at Lhu. "What happened?" he asks.

"You! You happened!" she yells grabbing the necklace forcefully from his hand and running towards Leevanna. "Sweetheart," she calls and Leevanna looks up. "Look what I found."

The green-eyed let out a gasp from her lips and took the necklace in her hands before running to the bathroom and locking the door.

"You foul, loathsome, vile cockroach!" Lhu yells pointing her wand to Lee. "How fucking dare you to take it? HUH?! Tell me?! How dare you?!"

"It is a fucking necklace!" he defended himself. "I just wanted to—"

"I don't care what you wanted!" she screamed. "Look what have you done! Look around! All of this is your fucking fault! She is like that because of you!"

"Because of me?!" Lee's voice raises. "Don't play it like it is my fault because it is not! She is like that because of that blond ferret who does nothing more but hurt her!"

   "YOU ARE NOT BETTER THAN HIM!"

And everything goes silent.

"If I am to decide who the fuck has the permission to touch her, I would choose him," she threats. "You don't even know her! You don't know her at all!"

At the moment she is about to cast a Dark Curse towards the Gryffindor, Fred holds her. She fights and cries out for him to let her down. Her legs kicking the air and hair moving everywhere.

Geroge has the task to hold back his friend before he could grab his own wand and hurt his girlfriend. "Stop it, Lee," he says.

"Me?" he scoffs sarcastically. "She is the one screaming—"

"I said, stop it," George repeats making Lee roll his eyes and shake his head in denial.

"Don't you dare to be near her again!" Lhu threats once her feet are back on the floor. "Get out of the fucking room, Jordan!"

The heart and the brain are the two vital organs that define who you are. Without the heart, your brain could not think and feel. But without a brain, you would not be aware of who you are.

Leevanna has lost her heart.

Draco has lost his mind.

  I— I can't... I-I swear I'm trying.

I'm giving all I can... And yet it's not enough.

I saw him... I saw him and I felt like dying, no —

— it felt millions times

much... I can't, Cissy, I'm giving up every single second.

  I don't know how to fill the emptiness anymore... I just want to die, I want the torture to stop even if it sounds coward. I want to go back in time and try to drown myself earlier so as not being saved this time.

  I wish you could be here...

  I wish he could be here...

  I'm spending Easter with Lhu since I cannot go to your manor. If you write back, use the owl I'm sending.

  You don't know how much I need a hug from you right now, I miss you more every day.

She wipes away the tear on her cheek as she hands the letter to the grey owl from last time. She takes a deep breath. Wishing not being able to do it.

"Leev, we're leaving now," says Lhu arriving her position. "You ready?"

The twins had invited Lhu and Leevy to Grimmauld Place with Arthur Weasley's permission. Leevanna didn't want to leave Hogwarts, but she needed to keep lying to herself and her friends.

"Yes, I'm ready," she muttered forcing a smile before the two started walking towards her bags. Lee and the twins were waiting for both girls few feet away.

"Give me your bag, love," said George to Lhu when both reached them. The curly-haired smiled at him before wrapping him with her arms in a one-sided hug. "All ready?"

"All ready," said Lhu before standing on tippy toes to kiss his cheek. "We're using the port-key or Apparition?"

"Port-key," replied Fred taking off the object from his bag and placing it in the centre of the group.

And the green-eyed forces her body to stay in its place and not trying to run away. She needs to run away. She can't do it. They wouldn't let her escape again.

        We still can ask Lupin to kill us, says the mini her inside her head. Both are painting.

       They're watching me every second, we can't, she sighs wetting her brush on the green acrylic.

"Have I told you that sweater looks awesome on you?" She came back from her thoughts when Lee's voice leaked through her ears.

And she misses Blaise messing with her every time he could. She misses his voice fighting with Theo's sarcasm. She misses Theo too, a lot. His funny comments that always made her roll her eyes playfully. She misses Theo making her laugh genuinely.

"Yes, Lee, twice," another forced smile paints her face, this time accompanied with an also forced chuckle. And he doesn't realise, because he smiles proudly.

She knows he is trying to flirt with her.

When you commit yourself to someone fully and lose them so suddenly, direction becomes void. Motivation drains, perseverance becomes unwanted, self-esteem falters. The idea of exploring with other people for her has become repulsive.

And she misses Blaise and Theo again.

She forces herself to continue walking. She needs to keep lying and walking.

Her mind was so lost that she didn't realise they had already arrived Grimmauld Place. Arthur and Molly Weasley are the first to receive them with a tight hug for each of them. The green-eyed could not help and close her eyes so as not to push them away.

"Leevy, dear, how wonderful to see you," says Molly attracting her in a another hug. "Are you okay? How's everything?"

Fucking question. She hates it.

And she misses Narcissa receiving her with two kisses on the cheek and a caress on the hair as they hug before both head to her greenhouse to drink tea as they talk and talk.

And curiously she misses her own mum.

"I'm... I'm okay," she replies with a forced smile. "Every — everything is fine," and she's able to complete the sentence before the knot in her throat appears again. "I missed you a lot."

And as she is introduced to every person who is in the small kitchen, she is forcing her eyes to remain dry and not let the tears posses her body once more. Her cheeks hurt for smiling so much. But she doesn't show it. She keeps smiling. She's trying to keep the threat of the conversation between all the people, answering questions and making them.

Her gaze shifts to Hermione Granger, who's laughing next to Nymphadora Tonks and Ginny Weasley.

And she misses Pansy and Daphne. The sharp yet entertaining attitude of the first one and the badass comments willing to fight back of the second one. She misses the nights drunk in her dungeon just talking about whatever shite comes out.

Molly leaves an Easter chocolate egg in front of her next to a cup of tea. Leevanna smiles in gratitude before savouring the warm tea in her mouth.

And she misses Narcisa again.

"I hope you feel like in your home, Leev," says Remus Lupin looking at her. He's smiling and his hands are supported on the edge of respaldar of a chair in front of her.

Everyone was smiling.

Feeling like in her home?

She didn't have a home. She has a house, not a home. But then she thinks...

"The only place I've ever felt this kind of warmth is at Dr—" the air stutters inside her and the tears tease her. Her body is tense and the familiar but yet disgusting bitter savour on her tongue accompanies the soreness in her throat. She feels the gaze of the twins, Lee and Lhu. They keep watching her. "—Narcissa's home... Yes, there," the smile forces itself before she sipped her tea.

She is maintaining a poker face because the people in front of her cannot see her being weak.

Ron Weasley is about to say something but the look in Granger's eyes makes his mouth shut down instantly before he continues eating.

And she doesn't know how she keeps smiling all the dinner. She doesn't know how's she talking if the knot in her throat is there, pressing her flesh.

Everyone is enjoying the food Molly made, and she tries to do it too, but the food had become tasteless a long time ago. It's impossible to escape the shadow of his presence and absence. It is truly like being haunted.

She cannot help and think she doesn't belong there. With all the people surrounding her. Surrounded by people she doesn't feel familiar with but yet she does. Feeling lonely and not being able to fit anywhere.

And she misses the Slytherin common room. She misses the dungeons. She misses the furniture which doesn't combine at all but yet it goes all together. She misses the fireplace. She misses the misshapen shadows of the Mer-people and fishes passing behind the windows.

She misses her house-elf Maglor and curiously she keeps missing her own mum. She misses her lonely breakfasts, lunches and dinners. She misses her fluffy duvet and the pillows of her bed. She misses The Black Lake. She misses the library. She misses The Forbidden Forest. She misses the Testhrals. She misses the unicorns. She misses everything.

And she misses him. A lot.

Her mind realises she had almost forgotten his smell, his smile, the sound of his voice, his lips, the texture of his skin and the look of his eyes. How she could even allowed that? How she could ever dare to forget those things?

It's painful. Really painful.

Tears become satisfying. In her case, this time around, it has become relieving for her to cry. It is powerful and replenishing when it is genuine.

She had lost all of her composure as soon as the light of the dorm she was agin went out. Crying silently with her hand over her mouth trying to shush her sobs. Trying to keep her breathing as even as possible so the girls in the other beds cannot hear her even though her chest hurst so much that she cannot feel where the fuck her lungs are anymore.

Her sleep had become fractured. After being able to sleep more than five hours after making love, her sleep is broken again. Just like she is.

She presses the back of her hand against her mouth and her eyes closes shut, tightly and shedding more salty water. A ragged and drowned sigh dies against the skin of her hand.

Her black cat, Nix, rubs its head against her body and she opens her eyes again to see him with a weak smile.

She stands up from the bed not making any type of sound as her cat jumps to land on her arms. The green jumper with her initial Molly made for Leevanna warming its fur.

She doesn't know what time is it. She doesn't want to know.

Her eyes close and a soft growl leaves her lips as she wishes not being a know-it-all and be an ignorant instead.

Because cicadas, like crickets, do not sing: they stridulate, and like their relatives at night, only males do.

She couldn't say the calming song of the insects was finally making her relax.

She is beyond tired but she cannot rest.

There's no sleep pills. They are gone.

Like him. Like everyone. Like everything.

"I want to go home, Nix," she whispers towards her cat, caressing its head as the tears continue to roll down her skin. She's sitting on a chair in the kitchen. "You want to go home?"

And the cat nods closing its eyes before rubbing its body against the green-eyed's. A smile forms in her face and she leaves a kiss on the animal's head.

"Seems I'm not the only one who cannot sleep," the voice of Sirius Black makes her head turn in his direction. "Little chat with the cat, I see."

The smile forces itself inevitably and the tears seem to be frozen in time.

"You don't have to use the poker face with me, Leev," says the man making a cup of tea for the two.

And she sighs, relieved.

"It's just — I'm accustomed," her wrist wipes the tears away before caressing her cat's head again making it purr. "The façade. It had been there for a lot of time."

"The people never realises it, y'know?" He says leaving the cup on her side before sitting on the chair in front of her. "That you are wounded inside, that you cannot breathe. That the smile is fake."

"Everything breaks at night, doesn't it?" She sighs, seeing her cat play with one of her curls. Her gaze uppers again, seeing him sip his tea. "I hate pity. The look in everyone's eyes when they saw me."

"I passed through it too. Molly's smiles and hugs. Arthurs silent smile. Remus glances. Everyone asking if I was okay when I was clearly not," a sigh left his lips. "I hate pity, too. More than you could imagine."

"I feel pathetic," she chuckled lowly. "You spent twelve years in the madhouse that's Azkaban, the depression is understandable... And I am here, having lunch with my sadness because somebody said he hates me," and he chuckled too.

"Every pain is different, Leev, you cannot judge the reason why someone's tears are shed. Even if it's the stupidest reason ever, sadness doesn't ever have to be put in a different level," he supported his back on the chair's support. "And if I'm not wrong, your depression doesn't just come from that."

"When the pain goes away?"

"It never really does, Leev," he sighs. "I was heartbroken once too... You just keep trying to fight every day until it's just a memory, but it would always hurt. You just learn how to live with it."

"Thank you, Sirius," and this closed-mouth smile isn't forced.

"You're welcome, Leev," and he smiles too. "Well, it's time from me to go back to bed, goodnight Inoffensive one," she nods chuckling as she sees him stand up from his chair. "And... Leev," her head turned in his direction when he was already leaving, "I found this on the couch earlier," her eyes followed his hand leaving her wand on the table. "If you see my dear Bellatrix, tell her I said hello."

She remained silent for a minute, just staring at her wand. Nix purred before jumping over the table and taking the wood between its mouth and handing it to its owner.

The cat looked at her and she looked at it too.

In a twist, she was in the kitchen of Malfoy Manor.

Narcissa jumped and spilled her tea a bit when the girl appeared in front of her.

"Leevy — I — my tea..." The woman was still in a sort of shock.

"I — I just wanted to — to see you," and the tears began to burn her eyes again. "He — is he..."

"Hogwarts," Narcissa replied instantly. "Lucius isn't here either."

"I — I can't — I can't breathe, Cissy," and she started crying.

The woman belt her arms around the girl. Hugging her tightly as the tears flooded her eyes too. She caressed her hair with a hand and left a kiss on her head while the girl clung to her with all the strength her body could find.

"It hurts so bad..." Leevanna cried against the woman's chest. "It's like I'm drowning in my own head — I can't breathe..."

"Oh, Leevy," Narcissa held her tightener before both fell on the floor and the woman pressed their foreheads. "You don't know how much I'm sorry... I missed you so much."

Leevanna hugged her again, with her cheek against her chest and the tears leaving her insides every second. Narcissa surrounded her neck with her arms to start caressing her hair again.

"It hurts..." The green-eyed cried again. "Make it stop, Cissy... Please make it stop... The void I feel every day..."

And Narcissa wanted to tell her, she really wanted to tell her how her son loved her so much — more than with his own life. She really wanted to... But she knew Leevanna wouldn't believe her.

"It's okay, Leevy..." the woman sighed wiping her tears again with one hand. "I'm here now... I will take care of you tonight...

... I'm here with you now..."

"I missed you... I miss him every day..."

"I know you do, Leevy... I miss you too every second," she buried her head on the girl's to attract her more. "You smell like sugar and—" she smelled her again. "Like Weasleys," both chuckled between tears.

That early morning, both women slept in Draco Malfoy's room. Wrapped in his duvets, using his clothes and hugging each other, shedding tears as the elder witch hummed a soft melody to make both of them sleep.

The next morning, after Narcissa said goodbye to Leevanna and the girl hugged her one more time before leaving, everything seemed a bit clearer.

"Good morning, beautiful people," said George arriving the kitchen as his arms wrapped Lhu from behind.

"You two are gums," said Sirius leaving two plates on the table. "Thank goodness for

"If you were able to see them at Hogwarts..." laughed Leevanna mixing the ingredients for the pancakes before putting some of it on the pan.

"Wait — that's..." Fred frowned seeing her. "What the fuck? Is she — since when — I—"

"Leevanna Vaughan is cooking... I—" Lee frowned too. "Can someone explain me what the hell..."

"I'm in a good mood, enjoy it, Jordan," she chuckled leaving a couple of pancakes in front of him before looking at Sirius and making a messy bun with her hair. "Today's a good day, right Sirius?"

"Absolutely, Leev," the man chuckled too.

  The seconds keep passing, the minutes, the hours, the days. And I'm just there.

  I don't know if I'm healing or if I'm getting worse. I feel like the terminally ill, when one day they wake up and are fine but at night the drop that keeps them alive leaves them adrift, ending with their breathing.

  At least the smiles aren't so forced now. Everything is more genuine. The food is a bit more tasty and the tears don't show up so quick.

  The hole in me keeps its place. Almost healing when my old routine took its place again, but not even my precious books can keep the dreams away.

  I miss him. I still do. Every second.

  It was really good to see you for Easter, I really needed a hug from you and the savour of your tea and biscuits. I wish you could be here, hugging me again at night every day.

  I'll wait for your answer.

I miss you and love you,

She saw the owl leave her with the letter in its peak. A sigh left her lips and she started descending the stairs to go back to her room.

The cottons floating in the sky-blue ocean according to the warm breeze made her withins feel colder than before. She really — f

She couldn't say she hated the sun. That would be saying she hates him and she doesn't, she could

hate him. She regrets saying it months ago and she'd promised herself she would never dare to do it again.

"I swear I hate her, but at least I'm having privileges," Daphne.

"She's a cunt, just give her some good dick and she stops being a fucking headache giver," that was Pansy's voice. "Though I don't think someone ever would've sex with her," she chuckled.

"She would just suck her dear Fudge's cock," and both girls laughed.

A closed-mouth smile formed on Leevanna's face. She'd missed them so much.

"Oi, I was thinking and — Leev?" Daphne frowned softly, smiling before the green-eyed approached. "God, I haven't seen you for ages, where have you been? I missed you."

"Y'know how I am," she chuckled keeping her hands in her pockets. "I like to disappear sometimes," a sigh left her lips. "Hello, Pans."

"I'm gonna sound like a pussy but—" and the raven-haired belt her neck with her arms, hugging her somehow. "I missed you, too."

"Pansy Parkinson is hugging me," laughed Leevanna corresponding the hug. "What has Blaise done to her?" she whispered playfully towards Daphne making her laugh.

"Look at that!" and Leevanna almost starts crying from happiness when she heard Theodore's voice. "She came out of her shell."

"Fuck you, Theo," Leevann chuckled as the boy passed an arm through her shoulders to attract her. "Hi, Blaise."

"Leevanna Vaughan has reappeared I see," the dark-skinned chuckled before hitting fist with her. "We were going to steal some biscuits from Umbitch office, wanna join?"

"Oi, I invented the surname, be original Zabini, please, honour your Queen."

And everyone laughed as they started walking and chatting.

"Look who is smiling again," Lhu said walking in the direction of her friends with George's arm on her shoulders. She smiled, it wasn't a gentle smile, was genuine.

"I turned Umbitch cats into dinosaurs," she said proudly, Fred made her spin making her laugh. "They gave us detention, Freddie."

"It was worth it," he said high-fiving Leevanna. "Oi! Lee! Guess who is a

again?" he had his hands in his pockets and smiled when he saw the girl smile. "We have detention in two hours."

It had already been two weeks since Umbridge was headmistress and they had to be very careful about what they were doing since she had them very well watched. Filch was the constant watcher they had.

The green-eyed one no longer belonged to The Inquisitorial Squad, Snape took her out when he saw how the hateful woman slapped her for her behaviour. She could remember the look in Umbridge's eyes when she found out she had just hit Severus' family and how he yelled at her. She also didn't have

classes for months now, but there was no problem since she had it perfectly dominated, she hadn't used it again anyway.

Leevanna kept feeling an emptiness on her chest, but she smiled. She was still broken, but she smiled. Every day a bit more genuine and the sparkle in her eyes seemed to be wanting to reborn.

Her afternoons basses on long visits to the library before classes. Sometimes Daphne and Pansy joined her. She had also come back to spend her nights with her old friend squad just drinking and talking whatever shit came out.

She hadn't seen Draco since the last time. Her Slytherin friends didn't ask for his absence and the smiles they dedicated to her were truly, deeply knowing he wouldn't join them and it was better that way. They really understood the girl somehow and knew something bad had happened to them, but they wouldn't ask, obviously.

Lee still flirted with her every time he could, she only laughed about that. Not because she was making fun of him or something, she would never. She laughed because he'd a terrible way to flirt with her that it was beyond funny. She didn't respond because she would never be able to forget her only lover and she didn't want to play with him as if he was a kind of toy, he didn't deserve it.

But, the thing was that the Gryffindor hadn't told his friends that, before crossing with them, he had had a conversation with Malfoy. In fact, he had spoken and the blond heard.

"The nightmares," Lee had said when he saw him alone in the bathrooms. The blond remained silent and started heading ti the exit in an attempt to ignore him. "Seeing her cry every night while screaming," Draco stopped walking and tightened his fists.

His head began to hurt again and he could felt the fever returning to his body."Go the fuck away, Jordan..." he muttered trying to contain the knot in his throat. "Don't mention—"

?" said Lee between teeth. "That you fucking left her? That you fucking hurt her?"

He feels guilty. Because he knows Lee Jordan is right. He made a lot of promises to her and one of them was to never abandon her — like all the people. And he reneged on that promise.

Guilt, because he knows that he is hurting someone who he loves.

Guilt, because he knows he's causing terrible pain to someone that he deeply cares about. Even if she doesn't loves him back, he could live with that. He would live for her anyways. He would love her.

Guilt and helpless rage, worse of all, when he realises all of the things above and knows that he can't do a thing about it, except feel wretched and rotten. He knows he cannot approach her again because she was starting to forget him — he wanted to believe that, he wanted her to oblivion him from her life and see her from afar being happy again.

He was so use to letting go, and now he didn't want to be alone. He was crumbling from within without her by his side.

It crushes him like a mountain on his spine. It's always there with him, always lurking in the background. Not once can he be truly rid of the burden of guilt. He just know that he's the one to blame and that you were so wrong.

And that's when he falls into a

game. Where he tries and imagines how things might have turned out differently if he could only have done

two things different — said her to leave him. Said to her that he hates her when he doesn't.

The worst part is that not matter how much he is trying and atoning for it, it never seems enough. Because she left him and he said he hated her. The mountain on his spine is there to stay and the wound in his chest seems to be his eternal punishment.

..." Draco breathed lowly and dangerously. "Stay the fuck away from her!"

If he didn't deserve to have her,

else deserved. Nobody deserved her.

"You can't even say her name," Lee chuckled sarcastically.

Draco closed his eyes tightly.

No, he couldn't. It still burned, after months, it still burned every inch of his flesh just thinking about it. It hurt so much because it had taken a lot for him starting to call her by her name and now he couldn't see the sparkle in her eyes when the word escape his lips.

He just wished being able to call her by her name again and not feeling agony.

"Let me say it for you," Lee mocked. "Leevanna, Leevanna, Leevanna, Leevan—"

Draco couldn't hold it anymore and pulled him by the hem of his shirt bringing him closer breathing heavily.

Her beautiful name sounded horrible in Jordan's lips. At least that's what Draco thought. His lips didn't pronounce it correctly, with the sweetness and delicacy you need to do so, with gentleness and in a reassuring way. From Jordan's lips her name sounded normal, without any particular emotion when he said it.

Because he knew Jordan probably was saying it all day without any hope of stop doing it. Savouring the letters of it in his filthy mouth making her hear it again and again. Jordan was wasting her beautiful name.

His blood began to boil, as a cauldron ready to combust when the potion was ready.

Through his mind passed the images of Jordan's fingers tracing up her skin and she shuddering because she doesn't like being touched by someone else that's not Draco. He could see how Jordan twirled a strand of her hair on his finger as she drank tea and read. He could see Jordan looking at her as she laughs and talks, how he looked at her when she was wearing those pretty dresses and skirts she had in her closet and Draco knew as the palm of his hand.

And he asked himself if his little girl was still his. If he could still call her his. If he could heard her say she was his again.

There was no fucking way she wasn't his little girl anymore.

Leevanna. She was his. End of the fucking story.

to fucking touch her—""She is not your property," Lee interrupted getting off his grip. "She is not an animal which obeys orders or an object you can keep. You seem to look at her like that, though, because first you pet her and then left her on her own, like a fucking dog," he laughed bitterly. "... And I can do whatever I want because she is not your fucking property!"Draco tried to control his anger. He was questioning

he loved her? How he—

That bloody motherfucker was fucking questioning him... How

"You don't deserve her," he spit between teeth with anger. "I can make her happy Malfoy, more than you ever could," and then he left.

Draco dripped a mirror of fury, his knuckles began to bleed and the tears run down his pale skin.

He knows Jordan is right.What he doesn't know that two weeks later he is the person Lhu is hating the most right now.And Lhu Oneyl doesn't really hate anyone."You really forgot about it," said Lee in disapproval.

They were in Lhu's and Leevanna's dorm.

"We haven't fucking forget, Lee," said Lhu between teeth. "She doesn't—"

"Don't give me that shit that she doesn't like her birthday because last year she was very happy about it," he closed his book roughly.

"Lee, calm the fuck down and watch your fucking tone with her," said Fred looking at him with a serious expression.

"You three forgot about her birthday."

"We didn't, Lee," said George raising up his gaze to look at him. "She does

like it and less now, so stop acting like if you were her boyfriend or something because you aren't."

Leevanna entered the room at that moment.

"Woah, the tension here," she said frowning playfully. "Everything fine here? I don't remember trying to drown myself again or something for those gazes."

"Easy, cinnamon," chuckled Fred. "We have different opinions, that's all."

"Oh, okay," she sighed. "By the way, someone knows what day is today? I swear I'm still in February or something."

"Nine of June of 1996," said Lee looking at her with a soft smile. "Happy—"

Lhu covered his mouth quickly.

But Leevanna wasn't smiling anymore. When Lee said the exact date something inside her burned. She had just wanted to know if it was Friday or Monday, not the fucking date.

Her brain got stuck in the 'freeze' mode and couldn't longer flee or fight. She relived the memories from last months over and over, with no end. Her impulses were no longer following the normal paths; electrical charges shot all over the place. Her frontal lobe shut down to a large extent and she lost her ability to see herself as the others saw her. She lost her ability to regulate her emotions.

How she could forget about the dates? How she  even could allow her brain to forget

birthday?! To forget that Aly's anniversary was so close! How the fuck she had allowed it?!

She felt dizzy and an acid taste scaled her esophagus. Things were slow and all nearby sounds from her were distorted, her ears were plugged and her head began to hammer making a echo inside her. Her hand released the doorknob and she lost all stability, falling on her knees, still with her gaze lost.

Lhu was the first to ran towards her and embrace her in her arms as she saw her best friend's tears running down her cheeks.

"I forgot..." Leevanna whispered to anyone in particularly. "How could I...? I forgot, Lhu..."

And she began to hyperventilate as the river or salty water drowned her.

"It's okay, sweetheart..." whispered Lhu rocking her on the ground with delicacy, caressing her hair and listening to her crying. "Happy now

?" she said looking at him with anger. "Fucking

"What's your name?" Leevanna asked softly sitting next to the child.

"Michael," he replied sobbing.

"Your hand is going to be fine, Michael," George said sitting on the other side.

"Yeah, it's not as bad as it seems. See?" Fred continued to show him his hand. "It's fading already."

"Look, yesterday she gave me one," Leevanna told her raising her bandage. "It's barely visible now. And the pain stops after a while," she shook his hair making him laugh among her tears. They all turned heads when they heard Umbridge.

"As I told you once before, Mr Potter...

children deserve to be

," she said with a false smile while the twins and she got up. Then the woman left.

        Fucking cut. Hopefully and someone Avada's her. Maybe we could do it ourselves, huffed the mini her in her head.

And she couldn't agree more.

"That fucking, filthy loathsome

," said Leevanna between teeth. "I

going to fucking kill her, I swear, I—" and before she could address the woman, Fred held her by the shoulders chuckling.

"Calm down, feisty little cinnamon," he mocked making her huff before chuckling. "You know, George, I've always felt our futures lay outside the world of academic achievement."

"Fred, I've been thinking exactly the same thing," his twin replied. "What do you say, Leevy?"

And she grinned maliciously.

And well, the exam wasn't so difficult. Maybe it was that Leevanna was brilliant or because the books were for five-year-olds. She had finished her exam half an hour ago and there was still a lot of time left, like one hour left. She wondered when—

Umbrigde, forcing a smile, began to walk among the centre of the place when a sparkle entered the classroom. And, as the woman stood outside trying to figure what the hell was happening, another sparkle slid by Leevanna's side making her smile diabolically.

," she said throwing a couple of sheets on the floor. They all turned to see her. Then she took out her wand.

"What on earth are you doing?" Umbridge asked her approaching her with one of those fake smiles.

"Just pure mindless vandalism!" She said laughing getting on the table and breaking a window with a spell.

"You, stop right now or I would call—"

"Who?! Who the fuck are you gonna call, you fucking cunt?!" And she broke the enormous clock with a hex.

"Are you mentally deficient?!" And the woman couldn't help raise her voice.

"If I was mentally deficient..." She said standing idly. "I would have missed," and it was at that time that she jumped to get on her broomstick. The twins also entered at that time.

Fireworks exploded at the top of the living room destroying everything in their path, an idea of the twins and Lhu, who had decided not to participate that time and just observe, what she was doing right now as she laughed.

!" Leevanna called her from on high and took out her middle finger outraging the woman.

Leevanna laughed and was certainly heaven.

Draco couldn't help but smile as well when he saw her so happy, laughing and everything, but he got scared to see a spark flying in his direction. The show reminded him of China. Their beautiful China and the paper lamps.

"Ready when you are!" One of the twins called Leevanna and she nodded laughing. George passed the artefact to Fred, Fred gave it to Leevanna and she threw it into the air making a dragon appear, the girl's idea.

Umbrigde whimpered as he ran away from the dragon, which reached it at the door of the living room and exploded causing all the decrees to fall to the floor, breaking each of the rules, literally.

All the students went out to the main courtyard while the fireworks continued to illuminate the sky. George had climbed Lhu to his broomstick so that she had a better view and a few seconds ago Lee had joined them. The twins threw fireworks making a W in the sky, then drew an L at the bottom.

"L for Lee?" he asked playfully putting a hand on his chest dramatising.

"Nah, only Leevanna and Lhu," both said before laughing.

And while they celebrated their feat, Harry had a false vision of Sirius being attacked by Voldemort.

Minutes later, the Inquisitorial Squad caught several of those who were part of the Dumbledore Army, including Leevanna and Lhu.

"Caught this one trying to help the Weasley girl," Draco entered Umbridge's pink office holding Ginny, but his gaze quickly passed to Leevy, which was held by Goyle on Hermione's side.

His eyes connected with hers for a second, her eyes sparkled in hope, but he took away his gaze quickly.

"You sent for me, headmistress?" Severus Snape appeared at the door the same time Umbridge slapped Potter.

"Why is my goddaughter here?" He asked with a raised eyebrow.

Everyone in the room, except for Umbrigde and Draco, looked at her confused.

"I set fireworks all over the castle," she said proudly, he rolled his eyes disguising his fun.

"Why you have always to do riots? Merlin's sake, you dumb thing."

"Oi, such a grumpy you are," the green-eyed huffed. "I swear, fucking You-Know-Who is more fucking cheerful."

"Language, Mis Vaughan," he threatened pointing her with his finger.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," she began to say as if it was a kind of song. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck you."

"You insolent, little — how immature you are, for Salazar's sake," the man rolled his eyes again.

"Looks who talks about it!" She laughed sarcastically and then turned to see Goyle. "Did you heard him? He called me immature!"

"Oh, so you want me to bring your unicorn teddy bears?"

"Can you give me my hand?" Goyle nodded and let her go for a second. She took off her middle finger and the Potion's Master did too before both narrowed their eyes at each other.

"Have you brought the Veritaserum?" The desperate woman asked already tired of the situation and childish fight between the two.

"I'm afraid you've used up all my stores interrogating students," he lied, he had never given her the potion. "Unless you wish to poison him... And I

you, I would have the greatest sympathy if you did... I cannot help you," and with that, he left.

"He's got Padfoot," Harry said, stopping him.

"What is he talking about, Snape?"

"No idea," said the man coolly before leaving.

"Grawpy," Leevanna whispered to the Hermione while Umbridge put the frame of Cornelius' face down ready to use the Cruciatus curse. The girl looked at her and she nodded.

"Tell her, Harry!" Hermione shouted. A few minutes later, the woman had gone with both students believing in their lie.

Leevanna turned her head towards Lhu and raised her eyebrows playfully, the curly-haired did the same and tried not to laugh.

"Anyways..." muttered the green-eyed. "We should play some game or something? I mean..."

"I'm hungry," Lhu sighed. "Being with a Weasley makes me be an industrial vacuum," she chuckled. "Ron, do you have something?"

"Uh — um — Pumpkin pasties," he said lowering his gaze to his pockets. And then he realised he had mistaken the name and upped his gaze to Lhu, slightly denying with his head as a way to tell her it wasn't that. Fortunately she caught it.

"Well, someone wants one?" Asked Leevanna looking at their captors. "Oi, you, the one who has my blondie friend," she said referring to Luna. "Could you bring her here?" The boy denied and she huffed making Luna chuckle. "Well, go on my former fellows, have at it," she smiled seeing Ron extend the

Vaughan and Lhu Oneyl-Weasley!" The twins shouted before entering the room.

"Why depressive?" the girl complained crossing her arms over her chest as Goyle eat the sweets.

"Have you looked yourself in a mirror lately?" mocked Fred.

"Don't bully her," Lhu laughed before making a move and freeing herself from her oppressor grip. "The poor thing just needs sex."

"LHU ONEYL!" Leevanna yelled with her face red before she covered it with her hands. "I swear I'm going to kill you one of this days."

"What?" the girl said innocently. Leevanna rolled her eyes avoiding all eye contact.

"See you later, Luna!" Leevanna waved goodbye. "Good to see you Neville and Weasel-Bee!" they waved goodbye to her with a soft smile. "Enjoy the pasties my fellows," and she chuckled before leaving the place with her friends.

And Draco looked at her, with a soft and almost imperceptible smile as she laughed. He had decided not to eat the sweets because the hunger was doing a strike for months.

"I had never had so much fun in a day," Lhu smiled walking through the corridors next to the twins, Lee and Leevanna.

The twins, although they had left Hogwarts hours earlier, they had decided to return and see the girls one last time.

"Well, we're expelled," the twins laughed. Lhu couldn't help laugh as well.

"Then, since it's your last day, let's do karaoke," both redheads nodded at Lhu's words. "You two want to come?" Lee and Leevanna denied, the green-eyed was very tired. "Well, see you later then," Lhu said goodbye before the George carried her in his shoulders and left with Fred.

"Are you okay?" Lee asked watching her get dizzy.

She hated that question.

"Many laps for a day," she laughed weakly. Yes, she was happy and had fun, but the void on her chest was still there. She got dizzy again and Lee had to hold her from her arms so that she didn't fall. "Merlin, I'm sorry. I didn't eat this morning and I have my brain spinning around."

"We're going to eat then, it's my last day after all, too," she nodded closing her eyes to take air. He had assumed the blame since Umbrigde didn't know who the L was.

Lee looked at her for a moment, she had separated from him to stabilise herself.

"Fuck this shite," then he pulled her out of the wrist and gathered their lips surprising her. Draco had arrived a few seconds ago.

She had her eyes wide open and separated from the dark-skinned boy as soon as his warm lips barely touched hers.

Leevanna turned her head quickly looking scared and horrified at Lee, and her eyes filled with tears.

"Draco..." the air left her and he turned around to leave. "Draco wait!" She tried to say beginning to have hyperventilations. "Shite, Lee! No — no, no, no! Fuck!" Then she started running in the direction of the blond, Lee grabbed her wrist. "What have you done?!"

, Lee," she told him with tears in her eyes, he let go of her and she started running.

Leevanna hadn't corresponded to the kiss, she would never have done it. She was Draco's, before anyone, even before herself,

She could never be someone else's if they weren't him.

She ran through the corridors until she left the castle. She stopped when she saw him a few feet in front of her with his back to her.

"Draco..." she called him approaching. She didn't care much that she had to go carefully since they were on a hill.

..." he murmured avoiding shed more tears.

She had missed his voice so much.

"No, Draco," she responded approaching him. "I did it once and I almost die."

He laughed bitterly.

"You almost die..." his voice came out bitter too, he turned, his eyes were red, Leevanna already had tears. "And you think I didn't?! You — you promised to never leave me!"

"And you promised never to hate me!"

"I don't fucking hate you!" He shouted back. "I-I can't hate you! I promised you I would never do it!"

Both were silent, only the sound of their agitated breaths was heard."Every single day..." she began. "Every fucking single day I felt how the void on my chest became bigger, I felt like I was dying..." her voice broke."No, no, no! You don't get to cry!" He said. "YOU JUST KISSED A BOY

! I didn't want to!" She cried, he turned away his gaze feeling tears on his cheeks. "

want it to happen—"

I WOULD NEVER FUCKING CHEAT ON YOU!"

"You know?! Maybe Jordan was fucking right!"

"What the fuck are talking about?!"

"HE COULD MAKE YOU FUCKING HAPPIER! BECAUSE I DO NOT FUCKING DESERVE YOU!"

"I'M FUCKING YOURS! I DO NOT CARE IF SOMEONE COULD MAKE ME HAPPIER! BECAUSE I'M FUCKING YOURS!"

He had thought he would never heard her use those words before. Saying she was his. Calling her his every day.

And she had thought she would never say it again. Say that she was only his, forever and always. Hearing him call her his.

"That day — That day that you said all those things, I was gonna gave you a ring — BECAUSE I FUCKING —... GOD!" He turned around, he couldn't keep there. He couldn't say it.

Her heart filled up with hope and that warmth that she felt every time he was with her.

She knew she had to say it.

I wouldn't die for him

..." she said stopping him. "...

I would live for him

," his back still turned. "You make me — you make me feel, Draco

me!" She closed her eyes. "It terrifies me the idea of loving you... Because that's what I do...

" and her heart is pounding so fast. "I — I love you and I haven't told that to anyone in years and — and if you don't love me is okay because I would do it anyway but please... Please don't hate me because it's eating me inside and I — god this sounds selfish but I — I don't want to exist without you and I — I don't want you to be happy with anyone else that isn't me. And, god, if you want to form a constellation then I will form millions with you, I-I will read for you and I'll dance with you and fight a lot of times for biscuits because — because it's our thing! You're mine and I'm yours and I — I love you and I—"

Then he desperately joined their lips.

He didn't care if he did not deserved her, she was his.

God, he had missed her so much.

And she didn't care if someone could make her happier, because she was only his. And he was hers.

," he said sticking their foreheads and grabbing her cheeks. "So, fighting for biscuits is our thing, isn't it?" she chuckled and nodded making him smile.

Both had cheeks full of dry and new tears, but the void on their chests was gone.

Draco took her cheeks and kissed her lips softly. With extreme delicacy. Thinking maybe she was a mirage that would slip from his hands like cigarette smoke.As if he were in the desert, dying and not a single drop of water nearby, just walking among the golden grains of sand with the sun burning his skin and the wind knocking down his senses. Leaving his footprints that would soon follow the wind in search of some water that he knows he does not deserve. Fooled by his cruel sight with the perfect oasis in front of him before he lost consciousness.He was sure he had just died and now he was in heaven. Because if heaven was real, it definitely was being with his precious Leevanna, smelling the aroma her hair released and being able to kiss her soft lips.He doesn't feel the fever taking away his possibilities of staying awake every night and making his body immersed in a state of anger that slaved him with thorns which buried in his skin every day. The fury was also leaving his body, drowning itself in the warmth his heart had started feeling again when he heard her precious voice calling him as always she was afraid. Feeling guilty wasn't a priority anymore, it had taken back seat and he knows he has been forgiven for all his sins and broken promises.And Leevanna was sure she was dreaming. It was a beautiful dream that she wished she would never wake up. Because he only said those words in her dreams, where he kissed her again with fervour and say her name the way he did every day.She is finally being released from the cruel hole where the monster had her enslaved and now is cleared up and the chains are flowers that don't take away the strength of her being, the screams are the sounds of birds and her cry has turned into laughter. The monster's tentacles were now soft strokes of feathers. The suffocating pressure was no longer holding her. She and the ice were old friends who met again, forgiving each other in a promise of not fighting again. She had been drowning for so much time that she had forgotten how does it feel being able to breathe again.Both felt complete again.The burning blue rivers of salty water that flowed down their cheeks and filled their eyes every second like violent oceans have been replaced by calm, gentle waters filled with songs about happiness and spring. Both beloved souls who were lovers once again are mingling with each other creating the perfect symphony, turning over again and joining in a promise never to be left again. The hole that made fun of them every day is finally being closed under seven keys.The pieces of their broken and desperate hearts have found a way to be completed again and the broken pieces have shaken hands, hoping not to lose their pieces again. Holding on between ribbons and bows of forgotten promises and a love that the wind has not yet carried away, letting the rain cry with joy and illuminate their days.And it feels like thousands of fireworks exploding at the same time and painting the sky with happiness and hopeless.Finally, the air is returning and their lungs are able to savour its taste again."I'm so sorry for leaving you," she said still shedding tears. "I didn't want to... I'm so sorry...""It doesn't matter now," he responded wiping her tears with his thumbs and leaving a kiss on her forehead. "I love you, okay? I could never hate you," he said pulling her closer and putting a hand on her hair while kissing her head, she nodded clinging to his robes. "I promised you, I would never hate you.""And I promised I would never leave you," she sobbed. "And I—""Don't say that again," he said firmly. His hands found their way and held her cheeks. His body bend over and closed the twenty-eight centimetres which separated them by pressing their foreheads and leaving a kiss on hers. "It was my fault, okay?" She opened her eyes and her hands placed themselves over his before leaving a soft kiss on his lips. "Come, let's go inside," she nodded and he took her hand.None said anything while walking, only their steps were heard. They met the twins and Lhu, who were laughing, in the hallway."Then — then," Lhu kept laughing. "Her cheeks puffed out and were red!" the twins burst into laughter."No, no — when," George leaned his hands on his knees laughing. "The face she made when she saw us walking naked that day," the three burst into laughter again, but they calmed down seeing the blond and the girl in front of them."What did I tell you?" Lhu started doing a rare dance of celebration. "You owe me five sickles, Freddie," the redhead laughed and took the coins out of his pockets.They loved to bet about Draco and Leevanna. And they weren't the only ones. In their fourth year, the bets were almost every week between Pansy, Daphne, Theo, Blaise, the twins, Lhu and Lee."You bet with my girlfriend?! And without me?! What's next?! Sex with her?!" George dramatised."You were more asleep than a potato, obviously we were going to bet without you," Fred replied, obvious."Piss off.""Well, since they're happy again and we're very high and drunk, have a good fuck," Lhu said supporting her back on George's shoulder, but he moved when he saw a bee, letting his girlfriend fall. "Fuck's sake, redhead!"Fred burst into laughter seeing his brother try not to laugh to help his girlfriend. Draco couldn't help but laugh softly and that made Leevanna laugh in the same way.If he laughed, she laughed.As if they were the same person."If you see Lee, tell him that we're going to be in the park," Fred said shaking Draco's hair while he started walking with Lhu and George.Draco huffed, he hated when the twins and Theodore did that. He only liked it when his Leevanna did it."It's not a park, you dumb, it's a garden," said Lhu as they walked."George, tell your girlfriend to stop messing with me!" And their voices were heard even further.Leevanna turned her head to look at Draco.Both still had small dry tears. Ghosts of the rivers of the pain their eyes had let fall for months that felt like years of agony."Come on," Leevanna told Draco looking at him with a smile, he nodded and both went to Slytherin's dungeons and then they went up to Draco's room.Their room.When she was in front of the door, she remembered the times she had stared at it for an hour or so before going back to her bed and cry. Now she was able to enter again. Without the trembling inside her within. She took the knob and was the first to enter, she hadn't been there in a long time and missed the place a lot. She sat in bed and sighed. Everything was dark but the disorder was less.He sat next to her also sighing and she raised her legs to the bed sitting on him and surrounding his neck with her arms.She wanted to keep him as close as she could.She did not want to spend another second separated from him.And he did not want that too. Not again. He couldn't lose her that way again."Leevanna," he called her surrounding her tiny waist with his arms to attract her more. She looked at him caressing the back of his head, "I really do love you.""I really love you, too," she smiled softly. "I live for you, Draco," she continued taking his cheeks and leaving a soft kiss on his lips."Marry me," he whispered while their noses touched. She frowned smiling. "Marry me, Leevanna.""What? Are — are you serious?" she breathed out a chuckle full of confusion and incredibility. He nodded and she lost her smile making him frown. "Draco — you don't — you don't have to be tied to me I—""Leev—""No," with a frown and separating from him, she responded scared. "I — you don't — don't say those things if you don't want them, Draco, I — I have done things, horrible things," and little tears start forming."Leevy, I'm not—""I have covered crimes and I—""I know," he chuckled making her frown before opening her eyes widely."You — you what—""I know you dark side, Leevanna Vaughan," he said as his thumb wiped away her almost fallen tears. "I know your favourite book and what you prefer wearing while having breakfast, I know almost every single detail about you and I do not care if you have killed a bird or two, I want you, I want to marry you. The real you. Not because of society tells me to do it, I want to marry you because I want it, you understand?" she nodded. "You have used your magic on me and I don't know how you do it, but you do it so good to me. So, yes, I love you and I want to marry you.""We can't get married now," he frowned at her words. "Like now, now, I don't think so. The Minister should be closed by now—""Not now, you dumb," he said placing a strand of hair behind her ear. "But marry me," he pressed their foreheads again."Do I have another option?" He denied with a smile. "Do you have a ring?" He nodded. "Then... Yes. I accept."Draco kissed her softly, making her giggle and then groped his bed looking for a famous velvet black box. Levanna looked at the bright ring in the box still surrounding his neck.That was the same ring she had saw in the manor before their fight. The fight she didn't want to remember and was sure her brain would block from her memories so as not to suffer anymore.She smiled.She lowered her left hand and extended it, he took the small ring out of the box and placed it on her ring finger. Both looked again and she gathered their lips again.It was soft, feeling every part of the other's mouth in a delicious way. They had missed that sensation in their hearts every time the ribbons and bows their lips were joined together in a celebration full of internal fireworks and coloured spots which blurred their visions.His hand found its way to her cheek, cupping it with delicacy and caressing her skin with his thumb as their heads moved in a synchronised dance with the song of hope in the background.And, needing the breath she was holding, he swallowed her gas, knowing it belonged to him until the last star in the sky turned off its light. He swallowed her next breath in one as well as his own brushed her lips before she breathed it and savoured it in her mouth.She had missed the taste of the air he breathed. His cold breath with hints of lemon balm and peppermint.The warm feeling of her breath, although destabilising, was inviting him and he was getting intoxicated with her taste, feeling every part of her sweet mouth. The savour of the honey and cherry syrup of her lips getting everywhere in his mouth as his fingers buried in her curls. His skin feeling the softness of her hair and his nostrils catching its aroma.Their eyelashes hugging one another and brushing themselves against the others.And she made her own sound, a sound only he could make her release. It had been a little sigh blurred with a keen groan that encouraged him. Draco took off her robes while they kissed. He also untied the knot of her tie and took her blouse out of her skirt to start unbuttoning it.She did the same with his robes and pushed his shirt backwards passing her hands through the hard skin of his chest and abdomen.So many time without feeling the other and they need to do it now.He quickly took off her bralette and began kissing down her jawline and neck, leaving her skin red. He put his face in the hole of her neck, in that place between her collarbone and jugular that seemed to be his home, putting his hands on her back pulling her closer. Leevanna played with his hair and let out a small sigh from her lips."I fucking love you," he muttered against her lips."It has to be with the 'fucking'?" she giggled breathing in his lips."Yes," he nodded smiling.Both brought their lips together again. His upper lip fell between both of hers, and she pressed it before. His hand placed on her cheek again, caressing her skin making her mouth to open and he could catch her upper lip between both of his before his teeth found her lower lip. He bites it gently, pulling it a bit before nipping his teeth in her flesh. She, wanting him the same she was feeling, made a movement and released her lips from his lips, instead, her own caught his lower lip and did the same procedure he had done, just that she bit his lip a bit roughly until she could feel the little droplets in her mouth.She savoured the red liquid in her mouth, ghosting his lower lip with her tongue to catch more of the thick liquid. And she loved the metallic savour.He, staining her pink and soft lips with little red brushes of his being, allowed his teeth to catch her lower lip and nip with delicacy but a bit of roughness as his flesh savoured the drops of her sweet being. And he loves the flavour.The thick red liquid filled their mouths in every dance their lips gave.Draco surrounded Leevanna's neck with his veiny hand, pressing his rings on her skin. He lowered the closure of his skirt slowly and removed it while lowering his hand through her belly causing a current to travel down her spine.His fingerprints have an effect on her that no one and nothing else has.He began to make circles on her pulsating clit above her underwear, looking at her. She moaned on his lips entangling her hands in his hair. His fingers played and pried with her clit as she got wetter. Her hips softly bucking against his hand feeling how he pressed her swollen and moist throbbing button.He loved to touch her.And she loved him to touch her.Both love each other.But their love went beyond being love itself, it was possession, dependence, necessity.Both needed the other.The necessity both had for the other was bigger than anything else.What had started one year or so ago as a longing for just sex had coupled with possessiveness, a desire for sexual exclusivity from both parts, and toxic and extreme jealously thinking the other could leave their side because the trust issues both had.She let out a soft moan.By the Gods, she had missed his touch.She threw her head back, feeling his fingers slowly sank on her, still above the fabric. His fingers were already completely wet just like her underwear.He entered his hand under her panties and began to move his middle and ring fingers in a straight line stroking her clit quickly, then he sank them deeply while his thumb continued to massage the girl's clit. She moaned loudly feeling in the clouds.He had missed touching her so much.Draco came out of her leaving her in the limit after a couple of minutes. He put her on the bed placing himself between her legs taking his tie and then wrapping her hands and tying them to the head of the bed. He took the blindfold he had at the night table and placed it on her. Small droplets of blood fell into her chest.He began to kiss her neck leaving purple bruises and traces of blood on it while with the other hand he surrounded her neck. He ran his tongue through her chest until he reached her nipples, which bristled to the touch. He played with her breasts for a few seconds, kissing, nipping and licking them. His kisses went down to her abdomen where he bit her skin gently. She was shuddering in desire.He lowered the sides of her underwear and slid it through her legs until he left it onto the bed without care. Leevanna arched her back when she felt his hot breathing down there. Draco began kissing her inner thigh biting her skin gently until he reached her throbbing pussy. He placed his hands under her hips and attracted her more causing her bound her arms to stretch. Leevanna tasted the blood on her lips feeling his tongue slowly passing over her clitoris.She wasn't in the clouds anymore.She was floating in the fucking universe.Fuck the universe, the fucking cosmos.He thrust his tongue into her using it to slowly massage her entrance, she arched her back lost in the pleasure. His tongue dug deeper and then went back to her clitoris as her legs slowly wrapped around his head. His cold rings pressed her thighs while he ate her effortlessly. She arched her back one more time feeling his tongue dug deeper on her entrance, her forehead almost touching the sheets. Her legs began to tremble. He stopped at that moment and bit the skin of her inner thigh, then climbed the bed again.He had left her on the limit again."Not yet, little girl," he said on her ear causing her goosebumps. His voice was a song she wouldn't dare to forget never. How he pronounced her name, so softly and delicate. The names he called her as they merge themselves as a messy and tangled one being.He was torturing her.And she fucking loved it.She loves him. She lives for him.She would do anything for him. No matter what was it, she would do it without any single drop of doubt. She is willing to kill somebody if she needed to protect him, to hurt and kill whoever dared to hurt him. She is willing to quit the way she saw things. She is willing to do whatever he needed to smile. She is willing to be possessed by him. She is willing to do everything.He is her entire life.He is her centre of being.And he is hers.She loves and needs him in a ridiculous and infinite amount. If he stopped breathing, she would stop breathing too.She was his in every way possible and would always be his.He wiped his lower lip with the back of his wrist looking at her. He began to remove the black belt of his pants accidentally passing it on her belly, it was like a small blow. She let escape a moan from her lips.Maybe...Draco folded his belt and passed it through Leevanna's thighs, watching her twist with pleasure. He smirked. He hit her gently and he liked the sound that made the leather against her skin. She cried in pleasure. He smoothly slid the belt from the space between her breasts to her belly and gave a small blow. She moaned again.He kept sliding the leather until he reached her pussy and gave a soft blow."God..." she whimpered in pleasure arching her back and making fists pulling the tie.Draco brought his lips to Leevanna's and chewed them. She raised her head as far as she could reciprocating the kiss and bites. She wailed on his lips when she felt the hot liquid red sliding on the side of her lip. He sucked her lip removing the blood.Leevanna felt fucking millions of fireworks exploding inside her within.The blond lowered his pants and boxer, taking out his throbbing dick which reached his belly button. He took her waist pulling her and placed his tip on her pulsating clit taking off her air for a second. He slowly entered her entrance seeing her squirming and listening to her loud moans. He pumped a couple of times until he was completely inside of her.A memory crossed his mind."Scream my name," he told her in the ear smirking as he started to pound her slowly and hard, pushing her body and making it lift a bit. She twisted in the bed moaning his name.God, she was in fucking heaven.He tightened her throat with his hand pressing his cold rings on her skin.Leevanna arched her back bending her legs and putting them on his shoulders. "Draco..." she cried feeling him going deeper. He left kisses on her neck and stopped for a moment. She twisted in bed needing more."Beg for it.""Please," she whimpered feeling his fingers in her clit."Please what?""Please, I need you," she wailed loudly feeling how he began to pound her mercilessly. Their hips crashing.And he loves how she begs him. Her pretty lips letting go a stream full of obscenities only he could make her say.He loves her. A lot.He loves her with every goddam fibre of his being and if she didn't love him back he would continue living for her. He knows that being in love with a woman so intrinsically beautiful for the rest of his life is enough to once more make him a better man. It's enough to give up the world for. It's enough to write music about her for the rest of his days and make every song have her beautiful name in it. He knows she is the woman who will be with him for the rest of his life.Wherever he is, wherever she is, she's a part of his being and there's no 'getting over it'. He would never dare to stop loving her, to breathe for her, to live for her.It's wonderful and terrible and the best and worst thing that could happen to him. She's still a defining moment in his life, a sweet and terrible reminder that some people exist who you would give anything for, whether or not they really believe in you and what you are. People who you would sell your soul just to see them smile, people who you would move to the other side of the world just for a chance to be close to.He would give her the entire cosmos because she deserves it. He wouldn't even hesitate.She is his one true love, the centre of his meaningless existence, his soul, his mind, his gravity, his very life. She is everything for him.And she is his."Hold fucking still, Leevanna," he growled feeling her squirming under him. He lowered her legs and took her hips hard leaving her still. She gulped before she moaned.Draco untied the bed knot and pulled out of the tie changing position and sitting her on him. He took the blindfold out of her eyes and focussed on her face for a few seconds still inside her. Her beautiful rosy cheeks, red lips with a small trace of blood and wavy hair.Their minds and souls are connected. They could feel every sensation individually as they become even more vulnerable in front of the other. Leaving all their secrets and the darkest shades of their being exposed against their lover. They are taking delight in exploring the other's body, mind, and heart in every way possible, sharing a seriously intimate connection between the two.Every part of their beings merging in an eternal dance full of pure love and passion.They feel complete.He untied her hands and she nailed his back while she jumped slowly. He pulled her hair taking her head back and began to kiss her neck.The climax began to be built within her once again, he was also on the edge.Their open mouths barely touching as they panted on the other's lips.Leevanna moaned loudly when she felt her legs trembled and a current down her spine sending signals to her whole body.She felt the millions of fireworks exploding inside her, reaching a blowing mind climax, she scratched his back and took her hands to his hair seeing stars and coloured spots everywhere. He came inside her at the same time after he pounded her once again.Their gasps filling the room. ༄ Leevanna's eyes snapped open making a small jump on the bed tightening the sheets.Panic seized her as she was surrounded by darkness.She can feel the monster sliding down her body and crushing every part of her, breaking her bones and cutting off her viaducts of air. Sticking its tentacles into her skin like whips that cause deep sores in her skin that made her bleed. Nipping its sharp and rotten teeth in her flesh without mercy and injecting that poison that burns and tears her apart from within.She can feel the darkness turning in that black hole she was trapped in for a long time surrounding her again. She can hear and feel the water of that ocean of despair in which she was submerged and drowned every time, slide across the floor of the room, filling it ready to drown her again in agony. She can feel the beat of her own heart echo off the empty shell her body is.She can feel her tears burning her skin as the air leaves her lungs and leaves her in a state of constant hyperventilation and agitation. She feels her body about to collapse. Ready to enter another one of her nightmares after her beautiful dream.Nobody would save her this time.She can't — there's no air — she cannot breathe — ahe —   "I'm here," Draco muttered in her ear attracting her to him.It wasn't a dream.She put her arms around his neck forcing him to sit down.He was there.Draco stroked her hair and left his hand in it looking at her.And he saw her there, so scared and helpless.  Her with her tears running down her cheeks and staining her pretty skin. Panic taking over her in every way possible, reliving her nightmares.And he felt so guilty. He had left her alone. He had abandoned her and the dark monsters had hurt her, like a little girl who was scared of her own closet. He had made her nightmares swallow her whole. His heart clenched with guilt before his lips placed a soft kiss on hers."I'm here," he said again, wiping her tears with his thumbs.But Leevanna had dreamed so many times of that moment that she didn't know if it was real."I'm not going anywhere," he placed a strand of hair behind her ear sticking their foreheads. She nodded feeling her eyes watered. "I'm not going leave you again. I promise you. I'm so sorry, my life."He was there.And she thinks he had never called her that before. He had never used those words before. And she discovers she loves how his lips say them, how he calls her. It makes the air return to her lungs again, fighting the monster and defeating it, making it go back to its hole.Both laid on the bed again.Leevanna put her cheek on his chest listening to his heartbeat. He still had rosy cheeks and that messy hair that she loved. He caressed her back with his fingerprints."I will never leave you again, Leevy," he whispers before leaving a kiss on her head. She clung more to him, trying to glue him to her and never separate. "I'm so sorry for hurting you so much... For letting the darkness take all over you and not being there to protect you... You deserve the entire cosmos, Leevy... I'm so sorry... I swear to you, I will never leave your side, my life...""Stop apologising," she whispers as she searches for his hand to tangle them tightly and leaving a kiss on the place his heart is over his skin. "I know you would never leave me... I promise to you I will never leave you again, too... I'm not going to break another promise, I swear, my life... I won't dare to leave your side again... I won't handle it and you wouldn't, too... So, stop apologising because it was my fault too."And it feels like stars exploding inside their veins promising things they know they shouldn't."I should have been there," he said. "When— when you were in the hospital... I should have been there to protect you," his voice when out in a whisper.She frowned softly still with her cheek against the skin of his chest."How do you know I was in the hospital?" She asked also in a whisper."I found out by myself," he confessed letting out a sigh from his lips. "I was searching for Madam Pomfrey and I saw Lhu by your side caressing your hair as you slept... The twins were also by your side... I wanted to approach to you but...""But...?""Jordan didn't let me," he sighed again. "I'm not gonna tell you all what happened because is long and I don't want to remember that... And I won't judge him because he was right, I hurt you and I didn't deserve to be there," his fingers buried in her hair and caressed her head. "I'm just going to tell you that I stayed with you all those nights... Far away from you but yet so close...""I wanted you there... I had dreams about you all those nights..." she felt his hand tightening hers as his thumb caressed her skin. "They should have woke me up.""The potions they were giving to you were too strong," he sighed. "And Fred told me not to wake you, he let me touch you when the rest weren't there," he confessed. She supported her jaw on his bare chest and looked at him frowning, confused. "The twins kept me aware of you. And the last time you got woken up—""—I didn't sleep a week," she completed returning to her initial position. He opened one of his drawers with his free hand and put The Marauders Map in front of her."They gave it to me to stop following you everywhere," he sighed and a burst of soft laughter came out of his lips and she giggled too. He stroked her hair, leaving the map on the table."I love you," she whispered, starting to feel her eyes heavy.   "I love you."And both were drowning in the spiral of drowsiness that would lead them to the beautiful land dreams are.But what is love? We are talking about true love, but... Do we fully understand what true love actually means?Certainly, true love isn't the things we see in popular romantic movies. Usually when people talk about true love they think about the short-lived attraction, an infatuation that should last forever. And, no, infatuation has nothing to do with true, deep, unconventional love. True love is actually a very hard job, but the most rewarding and satisfying work someone would have ever done.If you had asked them, Leevanna and Draco, a year or so ago, they would have given you a complete definition based on the dictionary and what other people said about it. They would have also told you it didn't exist. If you ask them now, after making love with the person they want to spend the rest of their lives with, they would look at each other and they point the other.Because, for them now, true, deep, unconditional and mutual love is an underlying feeling of understanding and endless trust that connects two human beings, the kind of trust that you can feel from the first moment you see the other person, and it has nothing to do with infatuation that is a very shallow feeling.For them, true love is about giving, and not only about taking. It is about sharing, is about doing anything for the other because they want to see each other happy and free. It is about the other person. It is about being there for their loved one don't matter what, always ready to support each other and be there in every way possible, giving all their beings completely. It is an overwhelming feeling of wanting to help each other at any cost without expecting anything in return because they don't have to ask, they would do it anyways. It is putting the other's needs well above their own without caring how much it could destroy them. It is when the misfortune of the other person hurts them more than their own troubles and disasters. It is when happiness and success of the other person makes them feel excited and takes them to the moon and back over and over again.All they want is to see their lover person happy and this makes them feel beyond happy, pleased and fulfilled.And they know the other person feels exactly the same way about them.It is exhausting and invigorating at the same time, frustrating and pleasing, draining and refreshing, killing and rejuvenating, depressing and revitalizing, irritating and helpful, heartbreaking and fulfilling, dispiriting and satisfying, demotivating and energizing, extinguishing and inspiring. It is like walking from the top of the highest mountains to the bottom of the deepest ocean and experiencing everything in between. It is like freezing in the ice of the Antarctic and being burned by the scorching sun on the desert. It is like carrying the heaviest possible load and at the same time be light as a feather and soaring above the clouds. It is like going through an enormous roller-coaster, but they would never dare to quit it.They would never doubt their love, and they will never be really angry with the person they truly love. But they know they would be pushed to the limits and life would put them on more true tests and circumstances, because that's how the world works.Nothing, absolutely nothing comes close to the most wonderful feeling of truly loving somebody and be deeply loved in return.Because, for him, there's nothing that would even be near to the sensation of seeing the beautiful sparkle of joy when she looks at him. There's nothing that would compare to the millions of things he feels when his eyes catch the pretty blush on her cheeks and his hands caress her body in every way possible without being able to get enough from her. There's nothing that could even be near how he feels when she says his name before she kisses his lips with fervour. There's nothing that could even compare the millions of stars that explode in his veins when he looks at her.And, for her, there is nothing better in life then to look into the eyes of the man she loves and see him happy and smiling at her. Whenever she looks into his eyes and see him staring at her with a look full of love, all her sorrows, traumas and problems disappear and she is the happiest person on the planet. There's nothing that could even be compared to all the things and sensations only he could make her fill with one single look or touch.Yes, they live for the other.But what they have is really love?It could be called that way?They didn't know. ༄ The girl opened the door of her dorm as she ran her fingers through her hair pushing it backwards.The lazy yawn left her mouth open and her eyes widened."Oh... My... God..." she muttered."Merlin, don't say anything!" Lhu screamed, quickly putting on the shirt of one of the twins.She had woken up two minutes ago."And I thought I had had a good night," Leevanna laughed watching her best friend quickly put on her underwear. "So, what's sex like with twins?""Leevanna Vaughan!" But Lhu couldn't help laughing either while she put on a pair of pants that were on the floor. She didn't even know who's clothes she was putting on. The green-eyed looked at her smirking. "Do you think they remember something?" She asked seeing one of the redheads squirm on the bed still sleeping."The one who's going to remember is going to be you... In a bed, with a tie, maybe handcuffed," and before the curly-haired could throw another pillow at her, she ran out of the room they shared laughing. ༄ "I just — I—," George tried to say making Leevanna laugh. She was sitting on a couch with Draco, in the other was Lee and Lhu."I never going to get high again," Fred said."I give you three days," Lee said laughing."I can barely walk!" Lhu yelled. "But I liked though," Leevanna laughed on Draco's chest as the twins raised their eyebrows looking at each other."I'm going to miss you guys," said the green-eyed sighing with a smile. The twins and Lee had to abandon Hogwarts that day before Umbridge found them inside the castle and Lhu, Leevanna and Draco would leave the school for vacations in less than four days.And, as Draco had said, Slytherin ended up winning the Quidditch Cup and House Cup."Please don't fight again, you know how many times I felt bad for eating liquorice wands while she cried?" Fred said making Draco chuckle."Wait, why do you have a ring?" Lhu asked Leevanna looked up at Draco. Lee looked at them."Well—" she tried to say."You got married without us?!" The twins said."You two were having a threesome. Also, did you want to see us having sex?" Draco said with a raised eyebrow smirking."Definitely not," they replied."And we're not married," Leevy said looking at her ring. "The Ministry was closed."Then everyone laughed.Lee smiled at Leevanna, she smiled back. What had happened was left in the past. She turned and looked at Draco, he left a kiss on her head caressing her hair."Fred?" His twin called him."George?""Pray for my legs guys," Lhu sighed. Everyone laugh.And they were young. They didn't know what life had planned for them. 

  Good news you and Draco are back together. It's a relief and that makes me so happy. It is also one less concern and that lets me breathe easier for me to say all the things I'm going to write right now.  I— I have this feeling... Something bad is going to happen, Leevy.  This letter should arrive at you on the penultimate day of classes if my calculations aren't wrong. Three days after I write this and your last letter arrived. I hate owling sometimes, I swear.  Do not go to your manor arriving at King's Cross, do not come to my house either.

Stay away from all this until I write you back. Do not look at the Daily Prophet or listen to the news. Do not use magic. Do not write to me either, just send back the owl. Tell Draco I'm fine and he shouldn't worry about anything but you and the safety of you both.

Run away as far as you can until I tell you otherwise.

I will pray for your and Draco's safety, I miss both of you so much that you couldn't even imagine.

All my love and prays for you,

"Severus! Uncle Severus!"

"Look! Look! Luna and I picked up flowers!" The six-year-old girl was excited to show the roses.

"Can we make a flower potion?" Luna jumped joining her hands. Leevanna imitated her. He rolled his eyes hiding a smile.

"Maybe tomorrow," he said lifting Leevanna and taking Luna's hand, "if you two eat all your food."

"Luna, do you think fairies would come to our tea party?"

"Yes," the girl replied smiling before passing her the food she had brought. "You?"

"Obviously," giggled Leevanna. "But I haven't asked them yet."

"We can ask Severus where they hide when he comes here, he always knows everything."

"We're going for biscuits first."

"Damn it Leevanna!" Her mother shouted frightening her. "I told you perfectly well that you can't go in there!""I — I'm sorry mummy, I — I wanted...""I...  Told her that she  could  enter," interrupted Snape holding her hand and leaving her outside. "You  can't  shout at her like that, Neferet... She's five years old.""I DIDN'T EVEN WANT HER!" Leevanna jumped behind the door and a tear went down her cheek.

Severus entered the girl's room that night, it was almost 11 o'clock and her parents weren't there. She cried under her sheets. "Leevy," he called her.

"It's true? What mummy said?" She asked looking at him with her swollen face and red eyes. He denied sitting on the bed.

"Sometimes... When we're angry... We say things we don't want to," she nodded. She knew he was saying it to make her feel better, but deep down they both knew what Neferet had said was true.

"You tell me the lily's story again?" She asked lying in her bed. He nodded slowly and started to talk.

"Luna!" exclaimed Leevanna releasing her godfather's robes to go and hug the girl. "You came!"

"Mum said it was okay if I did," giggled the blonde little girl hugging her back. "Look! I bought vanilla and mint biscuits!"

"Look, Severus!" said Leevannna showing the sweets to the man. "We can have our tea party nowwwww?" and she intertwines her hands and pouts as a beg, "Pleaaaseee."

Severus rolled his eyes trying to disguise his fun, "Sure you can," he said. "But nothing of making disasters."

"We promise!" said both girls with their hands intertwined before both started running towards the french doors that lead to the state gardens.

"I have lots of things to tell you," said Leevanna looking at Luna. "Cissy gifted me a new — ouch."

And both girls look up.

Leevanna's mother, Neferet, was standing in front of them with a goblet of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead, her favourite.

"Ah, Luna," said the woman. "See my sister keeps working."

"Yes, she is, aunt," answered the blonde girl with a shy blush across her face.

"And you?" she nodded to her daughter. "Shouldn't be in your lessons?"

"I will told her it was fine to play," came Severus' voice. Neferet narrowed her eyes at him before drinking from her glass and starting to walk away.

Leevanna sighed, "That was scary."

Draco Malfoy moved another piece of chess, a knight. "You are very intelligent Master Draco," Dobby said moving another piece.

"You're the only one who thinks that Dobby," he replied before putting a tablespoon of tomato soup in his mouth. "I would like Dad to let me have friends," he sighed."In a few years you will go to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Master Draco, there you're going to make friends.""Do you think?" The elf nodded. Draco moved another piece and gave check Mate. "I won again!" he smiled.

"And  why  do you have to go with him?""Leev," he turned his head. "I have told you that if you want I can—"

"No, I'm fine," she cut him off. "I just want to know why they asked you to go."

"Because he also needs help, you already know a lot of magic," he answered finishing to fix his things.

"Here," she told him extending a lily. "Luna and I made it grow for you," Severus turned and looked at the girl."And   why... a lily?""Because you love her.""And since  when... You know   so   much about  love ?" She shrugged."I think that when you love someone, you tell fairytales about them every night. At least you do that."

"Love is much more than that, Leevy," he said, waning to her height. "Someday... you are gonna meet someone and—"

"And I'm going to tell stories about that person?" He shot his eyes giving up and nodded. After all, she was just eight years old.

"Nicholas..." murmured Neferet. "I don't think is necessary to—""Did you just question  my  authority?" He released roughly the grip his hand had on his daughter's tiny arm. His voice had a tone of warning and Neferet knew she should have keep quiet. "Haven't I told you TO NOT speak if you ARE NOT FUCKING spoken to first?!"His shout made Neferet close her eyes and gave a small jump feeling her husband's hot breath colliding with her face.

She nodded quickly. "I won't do it again."

But Nicholas was already angry at her. So angry that he had forgotten his daughter had spilled the Fire Whiskey she had brought him over his paper work accidentally because she was trembling.

His hand gripped Neferet's hair in a tight grip and she gulped avoiding open her eyes so as not to cry.

Leevanna, drowning her tears and sobs had ran towards her room without any of her parents realising. She, now covering her ears with her trembling hands, was sitting against the wall next to her locked door.

Neferet was screaming horrifically and Leevanna was so scared.

And she missed Severus even more that night.

Leevanna, hearing the principal door being open, hurried to hide all her paintings and flower-books inside her closet carelessly.

"Don't talk if he doesn't," Leevanna whispered for herself as a mantra while she untied her hair. "Keep your gaze down, do not cry. Do not make any sound. Keep quiet, Leevanna."

Her whispers were interrupted by her father's footsteps near her open bedroom door. "Evening."

"Evening, father," she muttered loudly enough for her father to listen.

"Be useful for once and tell your mother to bring a bottle of Dragon Tears to my office, would you?"

"Yes, father," and she, without looking at him, passed by his side and headed to the kitchen.

Diagon Alley was big. It seemed never to end.

A nine-year-old Leevanna looked straight as she followed her father through the entrance of Knockturn Alley. In silent. Without any making any type of sound and avoiding the needing of asking the things she wanted.

She knew she couldn't do a whim right now. She bit her lip down until it began to bleed.

       He would pay attention to you, said the voice in her head.

And she couldn't help it.

"Father," she called him firmly. "I want that," her finger pointed a diamond crown in a showcase. "I want those, too," this time her finger pointed clothes in Twilfitt and Tatting's. "And that, and those and this too, and that."

Her finger keep pointing anything her eyes caught at the moment. If she needed those things or no didn't matter.

Nicholas turned his head to look at her. His serious and neutral expression made her finally look up at him."And I want it   now," she added firmly.He, without saying a word, started heading to the places she had pointed with her following him in silent.

"I don't want to play anymore," she ran her finger through her hair and huffed.

"If you quit, you're always gonna be weak," said the man in front of her moving another piece, killing her paw. "You want to be weak?"

"I'm not weak," she said firmly looking at him in the eye. "If I won, you are going to say your name to me."

He twirled his tongue against his inner cheek with a playfully smile and raised his hands in surrender as he nodded.

"Have at it, then," he said still smiling and she looked down the chessboard.

She had two options, move the Queen or the knight. The other pieces were gone. She hated playing with the whites.

She moved the knight.

And he moved his paw.

"Checkmate," he chuckled and she snorted in complain.

Neferet's voice made them turn their heads.

"Time to go," said the man keeping his hands in his pockets as he stood up.

"I'm going to win the next time," she said narrowing her eyes and he nodded playfully before leaving the room.

Leevanna, curious, waited five seconds before standing up and following the man in silent. She hid herself behind a wall and saw her mother leave a kiss on his lips before she laughed. She wouldn't say anything to anyone.

Her hearing sharpened to listen their chat. Nothing relevant. She was waiting to hear the man's name, the rest didn't matter.

"I'm not going with you to France, A—" and she closed the door muffling everything.

Leevanna huffed. She will have to win him over the next time to know the rest of his name.

"Narcissa, stop crying," sighed Severus standing by her side.

"And want the fuck you want me to do?!" she said between teeth angrily before throwing the letters to him. "Read it! FUCKING READ IT!"

Severus sighed again and read the letters once more as she sobbed before passing her fingers through her hair exasperatedly.

"Mum?" called Draco scratching his eye with his right wrist. Her shout had attracted his attention and made him leave his book.

Narcissa didn't respond o turn to look at him. She was sitting on an armchair in front of the fire with a bottle of Dragon Tears. She closed her eyes avoiding sobbing. Her clothes were the same pyjamas she had been wearing for two days now.

"Are you okay?" the blond nine-year-old boy asked again, approaching her.

"Draco," said Severus standing in front of him to block his path. "You mother wants to be alone right now, let's go to—"

"Mum," called Draco ignoring his words and passing by his side to reach his progenitor. "Mum are—"

"Do what Severus says, Draco," she cut him off not realising she had sound angry. She didn't look at him yet. "Just— Do what he says, please, my love," this time her voice was sweeter.

The blond sighed and glanced the papers on the floor before looking at Severus and leaving the room.

"Leevanna, shut up for a goddam second," growled Neferet with tears burning her eyes and passing a hand through her hair.

Nicholas wasn't at home fortunately.

Leevanna glared her with narrowed eyes before pushing the vase near her to the floor on propose. Neferet gave a small jump.

"Leevanna, do not start this again—"

The girl pushed another vase. She didn't want to do it, but the voice in her head was controlling her.

Neferet slapped her.

The girl, placing a hand on her cheek and savouring the metallic and iron flavour in her mouth, turned her head to look at her with tears pooling her eyes. Neferet did not wince.

"Go to your fucking room and wait your father there," the woman said pointing the stairs.

"Fuck," whispered Neferet for herself closing her eyes with salty water running down her cheeks.

Diagon Alley was still as big as she remembered.

Leevanna closed her eyes and took a deep breathe before opening them again and start walking among the people. She was heading to Twilfitt and Tatting's.

When she arrived at the place, she looked the knot and then the palms of her hands. It still burned a lot.

Her hands, supported on the wall, which was hot and pinched her skin with the small decorations it had. Her tears seemed to be doing a marathon as her sobs and drowned screams escaped her throat like a song.

"You deserve it," the voice of her father resonated in her head.

She couldn't move for ten minutes after and her whole body was trembling and hurt. She knew she had new scars on her back.

Leevanna's gaze fixed on the knob again. The yolks of her fingers caught the edge of the silky fabric of her blazer and she was finally able to open the door.

"My dear Leevy," said the woman with a smile. "What can I do for you today?"

"I want gloves, leather ones," she said forcing a smile which seemed very natural. "Black, please."

"Miss Vaughan, I been waiting for you," Mr Ollivander said from a staircase. Leevanna was buying her things for her first year at Hogwarts. "Let's see," he said looking among the boxes.

The girl had left behind the flowers potions and Luna as well. At least since what had happened to Aly... Her screams didn't come out of her head.

She also had become quieter.

"Maybe..." he said after a few minutes looking, a black box with golden details rested in his hands. "Aspen and ebony wand, unicorn hair core, almost 10 inches and reasonably flexible," she took the wand carefully, it was undoubtedly beautiful.

A green golden light surrounded her as soon as she touch it. She smiled, she liked her wand.

—The Philosopher's Stone—

Leevanna supported her elbow on the frame of the window and placed her chin on her hand. No one had wanted to sit in her waggon. Not because she had asked for it, but for the bad fame that her surname had.A  really  bad fame."Hi!" She turned her head listening to a girl's squeaky and sweet voice. "Hi, hi. Er — I'm Lhu Oneyl, c-can I sit here?"

"Yes, I guess," she replied in a murmure avoiding smiling. Surely the train was full and the girl had no choice but to sit with her.

"You are Leevanna, no?" She nodded insecure. "Nice to meet you," she smiled and extended her hand.

The white-haired froze, then looked at the black gloves on her hands before taking air deeply. She took her hand and shook them.

"What house do you think you're going to be in?" asked Lhu once they let go hands.

"Slytherin," she answered without hesitation. Lhu's smile widened.

"Me too! Oh, thank Merlin. I thought making friends was going to be very difficult, you know, about being Slytherin and that. How nice that we're friends now!" And the girl spoke so fast that Leevanna had a hard time following the way.But one word caught her attention:   friends.

Leevanna had never had friends, she was afraid her parents would do something to them. Just like with Aly...

"Er — what was your last name again?" She asked, she had to make sure.

"Oneyl," she responded with a smile.        Oneyl,   Oneyl,  Leevanna looked in her mind for any memories she had of that surname. She found it. She sighed.   Pureblood."Lhu," the girl called her.

"Thank you," the girl looked at her with the frown, trying to open a chocolate. "For sitting with me."

"No problem, Leev," she smiled at her.

Leevanna had a friend.

But curiously, Leevanna didn't get mad.

"I forgot something," she said when she saw that she didn't have her bracelet. "Wait me," Lhu nodded and Leevanna ran back to the train to start looking.

Lhu began to walk eating the last piece of her chocolate. She frowned when she saw a similar hair to that of her new friend. "I thought you were on the train Leev, I—," then stumbled unintentionally crashing with the boy in front of her.

"Look where you're going," he growled. "You're surely a Mudblood.""Hey! Don't speak her like that! She is mine. My friend," the green-eyed shouted approaching Lhu. "And she is a Pureblood, you  dumb.""I thought you were... You have the same colour hair, I'm sorry," said Lhu passing her gaze from her friend to the blond boy.

We don't have the same hair, mine is prettier

," both said, then looked at each other with disgust.

"Of course not," the boy responded approaching her."Of course  yes," the girl replied crossing her arms."No," the boy also crossed his arms.

"My   hair is better.""A girl's hair is  always  better," she rolled her eyes. He looked familiar. "Do I know you by the way?""I hope not," the blond answered shooting his eyes, but she looked familiar too. "I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."

"Leevanna Vaughan," both shake hands and quickly let go avoiding more touching.

"I can't stand it," Leevanna snorted watching Draco laugh.

"Because he's blond and... He's blond."

"You have the same hair, Leev."

"She is   not   pretty," Draco rolled his eyes."She   is," said a little Adrian Pucey."She is a Vaughan though, but it doesn't matter," Theodore Nott said. "She seems nice and funny."

And Draco couldn't help but look at Leevanna, who let a laughter out of her pink lips when she saw her friend play with two celery sticks.He rolled her eyes, she was  not  pretty and definitely not nice.

"Leev! Leev are you—"

!" said a Gryffindor boy with a gesture making Lhu roll her eyes.

"Sorry," she whispered annoyed, making the two girls behind her to chuckle lowly.

Lhu's eyes fixed on the girl who was reading sitting on the floor several metres away. She was hidden in the middle of the shelves. Lhu approached her. "Oi."

Leevanna raised her gaze meeting Lhu with a soft smile. "Hi, Lhu."

"Come, stop being a bookworm for once that I want you to meet some girls," Lhu chuckled. Leevanna looked at her insecure. "They are not going to eat you, Leev."

"Fine," she sighed and stood up before leaving her book on the table near her.

"Leevanna Vaughan, this is Daphne Greengrass," said Lhu as the girl in font of her waved at the green-eyes, who blushed slightly before waving her hand too. "And this is Pansy Parkinson."

The raven-haired waved too before the four started walking to leave the library and go to The Great Hall

What was missing, that his parents talk more about someone else than their own child.

"I don't like her," he said to his mum. She smiled

"Leevy is a sweet girl, Draco," Narcissa caressed his head and accommodated his small tie.

His mother call her Leevy.His father  call her Leevy and he   smiled   at  her!He didn't even have a nickname!

... Neferet," Severus told her, pulling the girl behind him.

"She didn't wear the dress I told her," she said looking at him with anger.

"So?" Leevanna hid her smile, Severus winked her before they entered the Malfoy Manor.

"Leevy!" Greeted Narcissa extending her arms to hug her, she corresponded to her and looked up her shoulder. Draco looked at her with a tense jaw.Ugh, she had forgotten that  he  was going to be there.

He didn't want to look for that insufferable girl. His mum had said the ice-cream biscuits were for the two, why she had to share them with  her  also?Murmurs behind the door of the living room caught his attention.

"I swear..." he recognised Nicholas' voice. It sounded as a threat. "I swear I'm going to find what are you hiding.""I — I-It's nothing, I-I swear," and the blond frowned when he heard her nervous stutters. Vaughan sounded...  scared.He supported the palm of his hand on the door's frame and kept listening. His eyes now had a full sight of the scenario.

Nicholas was grabbing Vaughan's chin roughly and she looked more tiny than she already was in front of the man, who was almost a metre taller than her.

The man slapped her and the deep sound made Draco jump."Don't   lie... To me," Nicholas spit between teeth. He was grabbing her chin again and she nodded scared.Draco made another jump when Severus' hand grabbed his arm and pull him far away from the door as he made a gesture of silence before entering the room and closing the doors behind him.

"That's why I'm never going to get married," Leevanna huffed before giving her biscuit a bite.

And Narcissa laughed before biting her biscuit too with a smile.

"Don't say that," the woman chuckled. "I want to be your wedding's godmother. I have the dress and all."

Leevanna chuckled and denied with her head before doing a gesture of disgust.

"He hurt you, Cissy, why didn't you left him?"

Narcissa sighed. "True love is the most wonderful feeling you will ever experience in your life, Leevy," she turned to look at her. "Nonetheless, at the same time it will be the hardest work you will ever do in your life."

"I still don't understand you," Leevanna sighed."I can't leave just like that," the elder witch sighed again. "What would happen to my family? To Draco? To you, even?" She shook her head in denial. "I forgave him years ago and it maybe hurt still a bit... But it's just a memory now... Nothing more than that...   A memory."

"I-I swear I didn't talk to her, I swear!" The girl said scared while her father looked at her. "Sh-She asked me a-a direction and I—"They had just returned from Knockturn Alley.

?" She was about to have a nervous collapse.

She couldn't breathe. She was drowning."And I didn't say anything! I-I stay quite! Please  don't  hurt her! I swear I didn't talk to her!""There's no need to scream," her father rolled his eyes with his hands leaning on his cane. "Put  tape in your fucking mouth if necessary, but  don't  even  approach  a filthy Mudblood again," he threatened holding her chin roughly, she nodded controlling her tears.When she saw her father left the room, she fell to the floor crying. She embraced her knees listening to  the  screams on her head.

Two weeks after New Years, Draco bit his chocolate cookie while he entered back to the dungeons. In the dark, he heard a sobbing.

A white, long curly hair similar to his own in colour caught his attention.

"Vaughan?" She raised her gaze scared and wiped her tears quickly.

"Er — a-ah... I-I c-can't sleep, I—" the knot in her throat became bigger in each word taking away the air.

"Want a biscuit?" He asked sitting next to her. Both were on the floor. She denied still crying and breathing heavily. "I don't like you, but don't cry."

She frowned. Was that supposed to make her feel better?

"Because if you cry... I can't eat my cookie without feeling bad," then a laughter came out of her lips. He smiled. "You can't tell this, but I crashed into a wall a while ago and I thought it was professor Snape."

Then she laughed harder.

. Putting. Flowers. In. The. Tubes. Ms Vaughan," Snape said closing his eyes so as not to lose patience. The classroom was empty, the classes had ended ten minutes ago.

"They look pretty," she replied.

"I give up," he said, feeling how she put flowers on him.

"You know, yesterday Malfoy help me with my nightmares," she told him looking into the mirror holding a flower into her hair.

"You had nightmares again?"

"And Malfoy helped, pay attention uncle Severus," she shot her eyes and he opened his eyes feeling indignant for her response.

Draco, behind the door, smiled. She was happy again.

But he still didn't like her.

Leevanna sighed and kept walking.

One of this days Filch was really going to caught her in the Restricted Section in the library. Maybe she should ask Severus for him to buy her an invisibility cloak or something.

She muttered the password to enter the Slytherin common room and sighed. She would have to force herself to sleep.

A weak sob behind one of the leather couches caught her attention and made her frown when she was already half-way to the girls' dormitories.

She walked without making any noise and climbed the couch and crawled to look who was the person crying. "Malfoy?"

The boy, giving a small jump due the fright her voice had cause him, turned his head to look at her. "Merlin's sake, Vaughan," he muttered wiping his tears again. "You scared me.""What are you doing here?" She frowned softly. Her real question was: ' Why are you crying? '"Nothing," he sighed as both seated on the couch.

She bit her lower lip and turned her head to look at him, remembering the time he has made her laugh after she had a nightmare.

Well, she didn't like him. But if he had helped her she could do it to, right?

Her gaze fixed on the book on her legs and she crossed them over the couch before she spoke, "I was in the Restricted Section few moments ago," she sighed and he turned his head to look at her, she turned her head too. "I found a book about Egyptian God's."

And he heard her talking about the book all that night.

—The Chamber of Secrets—

Draco's hand hurt because of the hit his father had gave him, but he didn't say anything. Now he was alone and Lucius was with Vaughan.

"Famous Harry Potter," he said going down the stairs. "Can't even go into a bookshop without making the front page."

"Leave him alone," Ginevra Weasley told him.

"Oh, look, Potter," he smiled. "You've got a girlfriend."

"Yeah, where's yours, Malfoy?" he shot his eyes when he heard her voice.

"Now, now, Draco, play nicely," his father said pulling him with his cane.

He observed his father's hand, which was holding Leevanna's.

God, she looked more like his daughter than he did.

"You missed me, Malfoy?" She asked standing next to him.

"Merlin free me from dreaming about you."

Lhu frowned at the sight of Leevanna still waiting at the doors of the Hogwarts Express.

"Who are you looking for?" she asked.

"Someone," she answered without turning back.

Soon enough, the house-keeper, Hagrid, called for the first years and Leevanna's eyes glimmered.

"Luna!" she exclaimed.

"Leevy!" the blonde girl exclaimed too and rushed to step out the train to throw her arms around the girls neck, who corresponded the hug.

And Lhu feels a bit jealous.

"Lhu," called the green-eyed, "this is my cousin, Luna Lovegood," she smiled. "Luna, this is my best friend, Lhu Oneyl."

"How pretty you are," Luna smiled. "There is only a few Wrackspurts, though."

"What are... Wrackspurts?" Lhu frowned.

"They're invisible," Luna answered. "They float in through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy."

"Leev talks to you a lot," Luna said still smiling after a second of silence.

Lhu smiled at Leevanna, "You did?"

And Leevanna blushes.

"Well, let's not waist time, shall we?" she said. "Let's keep going.

"You know? I heard Theodore likes you," she co-coded her laughing. Leevanna wrinkled her nose. It was at that time that the boy stand in front of her.

"Leevanna, hi," he smiled, she looked him up and down. "I wondered if er — you wanted to go for a ride later."

"Why don't you go now? You just finished your Quidditch practice, haven't you?" Lhu said before her friend could talk. He nodded with a smile. Leevanna looked at her with her narrowed eyes while she released the boy's grip on her wrist.She sat behind him with insecurity. She had a bad feeling. She  hated  heights.When they were in the air, Leevanna felt sick. "You know, you are  very  pretty," he said turning his head a little to look at her."Really?" She asked looking down and seeing Hogwarts. She was dizzy. He laughed nodding.

And she didn't know what happened, but she let go of Theodore and began to fall.

"Oh my god!" Lhu screamed when she saw her friend fall. Draco turned his head and looked at the sky.

Without thinking twice, he took his broomstick and flew as quickly as he could to catch Leevanna. "Already falling for me, huh?" He said when he caught her in his arms.

"Very funny," she said. "Now put me down before I vomit on you."

"Three galleons that he leave him on the other side of the table," Leevanna bet.

"Four to fall off the table," Malfoy replied.

"Oh, come on," the blond complained looking for the coins in his pockets.

"Thank you," she giggled. Then Snape looked at them and pointed to Malfoy.

"Why don't  I  speak Parsel?"And Severus rolls his eyes."Don't turn your back on me! Uncle Severus! Come back here!" She chased him all over the classroom.

"Here," he says handing her Advanced Potion Making.

"Don't tell me," she answered with obviousness. He gave her a soft blow to her head with a thinner one. "Why The Half-Blood  Prince ? You really have a big ego," he blow her head again. "I'm joking, God's sake.""You don't speak Parsel because it's not necessary, at least not for now," he replied her first question rolling his eyes. "Memorise that book."

"Because  I  say so," she rolled her eyes."Fine," she said before start walking at the exit. "Uncle?"

"Er — thank you, for um — caring about me."

"Get out of my classroom," she smiled and ran through the hallways to catch Lhu.

He smiled rolling his eyes.

"What are you reading?" Asked Draco to the girl. It was midnight.

"Something my uncle gave me," she replied taking away a couple of his sweets. "Can you believe the Potter thing?"

"Ugh, don't mention it."

"Look," she told him crawling with her knees through the couch sitting closer. "There's a potion here that I want to try. What you say?"

"That's not how are you supposed to do it!"

"Oh! My sincere apologies, Mr Perfect!"

"You stupid Grindylow," he growled, grabbing the Sopophorus bean again to try and cut it before it jumped hitting his eye.

Leevanna laughed before searching in the book again the way to extract the juice from the been.

"Aha," she smiled. "We omitted one part, here says that you have to crush it, don't cut it."

"And you are telling me this now?!" Draco turned his head to look at her outraged. She rolled her eyes before frowning.

"What's that smell?" She sniffed the air again trying to find the source.

"Probably you," the blond chuckled as he crushed the been and she took off her middle finger.

"I'm being serious, somethings smells funny."

He smelled the air with a soft frown before his fingers squeezed the bean to add the juice to the boiling cauldron.

"Okay, you're right, something smells—"

And the cauldron exploded.

Both, covered in a green, sticky, viscous mas which slid through the table until it reached the floor covered them fully.

"Told you something smelled funny."

Her tears. Her little tears and her imminent silence merged with her tired appearance.

"What were you thinking?" frowned Severus crossing his arms.

She remained silent.

"Leevy, you have to speak," said Narcissa Malfoy wiping the green-eyed's tears carefully. "Do it for me, yeah?"

She looked away and more tears began to fall."Look at me," said Severus kneeling in front of her. She did it. "We are going to get help, you understand me?" she reminded silent. "I am not asking for permission, I said,  understood?""Severus, don't be so mean," said Narcissa and he turned to look at her.

"I was worse with you," he muttered. The green-eyed turned to look at the woman. "Leevanna."

She turned to look at him again.

"They're going to know," she said under her breath trying not to sob.

"Nobody would find out," he promised her. "Narcissa and I are going with you, no one is going to know."

"You have to promise, Leevy," sighed Narcissa taking her hand. "You have to promise you are going to get better."

"I promise," she whispered.

"Come here," sighed Severus passing his arms around her to embrace her. She could sob now. "Everything would be fine, I promise you, everything would be fine."

Her hands tightened their grip and her sobs dies against his clothes. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she whispered. "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

"Don't apologise," Severus sighed."We love you, okay?" said Narcissa embracing her in her arms.  "I love you, Leevy, I'll take care of you."

"Ugh, no. I give up. I quit my life. I'm going to pitch myself from the Astronomy Tower, I swear. I'm going to say my last words, take notes."

"Do you want a prize for the best Drama Queen of the year too?"

. Very funny," he sat next to her on the sofa. "You also go out losing."

"This summer you're going to my house and if Dobby isn't there, there's no chocolate breakfasts," Leevanna's smile faded away.

"Where the bloody hell is Potter?!"

—The Prisoner of Azkaban—

Leevanna surrounded Lhu's shoulders with her arms from behind and left a kiss on her cheek.

"Leevanna Vaughan get out of my back that I'm not a pony," Lhu laughed without being able to avoid it. "Fine, I forgive you."

"Look at the good side, you already gave your first kiss," the girl laughed sitting in front of her. Lhu blushed remembering her kiss with a Gryffindor boy.

"For a challenge you put on," Lhu rolled her eyes with funny. "I'm going to get revenge, you know?."

"Good luck with that."

"Silence! You're  not  five years old, for Merlin's sake.""He  put a frog in my water!""She  dyed my hair blue!""Shut up, both of you."

"You look horrible with any hair colour, anyways," she murmured with her head down.

"The frog was prettier than you," he counterattacked.

Snape rolled his eyes listening to them arguing again.

Then Draco threw a green apple to the back of her head.

"Sorry, I hit the wrong thing! I thought you were a tree!

Leevanna turned slowly and took the green apple from the floor and threw it directly to his face.

"Sorry, I thought you were the trash!"

"My goodness, not this again," Lhu huffed seeing both stand in front of the other to start fighting for the fifth time in the day. "Hey! Hey! Hey! Put that branch down Leevanna!"

And the moment Seamus Finnigan gave the war scream, The Great Hall was filled with students shouting and throwing food.

And all because a Slytherin had intentionally thrown his butter beer at a Gryffindor.

Leevanna, on the table, took two pieces of cake without bothering a lot to get dirty and threw them into Pansy's face.

"Oh shite," she murmured hiding her hands behind her back seeing the short-hape girl flipping. "Sorry?" She said innocent, but she didn't save herself from Pansy throwing a pie at her face.

Draco laughed loudly watching the girl's face.

And she threw a piece of rosé turkey at him.

"Oh, no, this time not," he said before getting up to the table and starting to chase her all over the table while throwing food."The pineapple gives a  touch  to your hair, don't know," she laughed before being bathed in pumpkin juice."It gives a  touch  to your hair, don't know."

"Don't bully him," chuckled Leevanna.

"See?! She is nice," said Theo with a pout.

"She literally fell off your broomstick!" laughed Millicent while making braids on Pansy's hair.

"I didn't know that she was, and is, afraid of heights!" Theo defended himself with a sharp voice. "And Lhu gave me the idea. And I don't like Leev anymore!"

"Well... I'm not Professor Trelawney, how I was supposed to know that she would fall?" laughed Lhu before drinking her pumpkin juice.

"Who saved you by the way?" asked Millicent. "I can't remember anything about that but Theo apologising every two seconds and buying you all the sweets in the world."

"Malfoy," muttered Leevanna opening a chocolate frog that Pansy had given her. "He saved me."

"Really?" She asked hitting her hands with his hands.

"Don't trust me?" Draco chuckled clapping at the same time as she.

"I mean, Cedric is a hoe but — with Millicent?" She laughed. "The gossip is good."

"I know right?" He laughed too.

It was midnight and both had started playing hands games. She had been a but insecure at first, but then she put on her gloves and everything was fine.

"You clapped bad," Leevanna giggled supporting her elbows on the ground laughing. "I won you, again."

"Ugh, fine," he huffed taking the piece of parchment he had on his side. "Vaughan 6," he said, writing down. "I still have two more than you."

"Another round?" He nodded.

Leevanna glared Draco.

"This is your fault," he said keeping his hands in his pockets and looking at her with narrowed eyes.

"My fault?!" she laughed sarcastically. "If you weren't such a pussy we wouldn't be here."

"This is the fucking seventh detention in the fucking month thanks to you," he glared her. "You are a fucking cunt."

"Talks the twat," she rolled her eyes.At that moment, the door of the Potions' classroom opened. Severus looked at them up and down. "Ah, you two...   Again."Both teenagers entered the classroom with their arms over their chests. Silence governed.

Leevanna chose a seat at the front and Draco at the corner of the back. His hands returned at his pockets and he leaned lazily on the chair closing his eyes. She supported her elbows on the table and her face on her hands.

Twenty minutes after exactly, while she did Arithmancy formulas in her head and he reviewed potions internally, Leevanna talked.

Severus raised his gaze from his parchment. "No," he answered. "You still have an hour and thirty-nine minutes left."

And Draco wondered why all the professors always gave her the time so exactly. They only needed to have her the seconds, seriously.

"But I want to leave."

"Vaughan, can you just shut the fuck up?" Draco rolled his eyes before closing them again. "Your voice annoys me."

"And who the fuck talked to you?" she turned and frowned.

"If you haven't noticed, we're in the same place, your irritant voice gives me headache."

"Your presence makes me want to vomit and I'm not saying anything," she rolled her eyes.

"Just shut up, for Salazar's sake.""Shut up  you , piece of—""Quiet," said Severus making turn the girl to see him.

"I'll brew two new potions if you let me leave," she bargained.

"Four," said the man crossing his arms over the table.

"Three and I dye Potter's hair green for two weeks," she pointed him with her finger. "And I want three bags of Jelly Slugs."

"Three potions, two bags and three weeks," said the man also pointing her.

"Deal," she accepted and picked up her tings to leave.

"That's not fair!" said Draco getting up from his seat making Leevanna laugh before walking towards the door and leave.

"Sit down that you still have an hour and a half left," said Severus turning to look at him.

Draco huffed and crossed his arms letting his body fall on his chair.

The blond said goodbye to Katie Bell after whispering something in her ear.

"I thought you had better tastes, Malfoy," Leevanna said raising an eyebrow sitting on a rock. "A Gryffindor," she denied with her head.

"Jealous?" He responded raising an eyebrow. She laughed.

"In my dreams you do more than that."

"Oh yeah? Like this?" Then she approached him and removed the green apple he had in his hand to bite it. Then she winked starting to go back smirking.

Leevanna looked in the mirror. The water ran through the shower connected to her room.

She saw the scars in her body.She closed her eyes listening to  her  screams."I'm  so  sorry, Aly..." she whispered hugging herself letting the water wet her body.

"Don't be... Fucking...  Rude ," she said."Don't slam   my   door!" he said.Leevanna threw a book at him but he dodge it and waved his wand throwing it back to her.

Draco jump to the couch while she tried to hit him with a spell, he was trying to do the same.

The Slytherin students who were there, glanced at them every now and then trying to contain their laughter. Lhu rolled her eyes petting her cat and Leevanna's.

Snape walked in at the moment Draco and Leevanna started throwing chocolate frogs. One hit his face."Malfoy and Vaughan..." he sighed taking off the sweet of his face. Both had their hands behind their backs trying to look innocents. "Why I'm  not...  Surprised?"

"That's not fair!" both screamed.

And then she transformed him into a frog.

"I had detention anyways."

Both were walking under the snow.

"I'm not following your joke again," Draco shot his eyes.

"You're an old grump," she laughed spinning around as the snow fell on her. "Don't be boring, Malfoy," she said before throwing snow on his face laughing."Boring?   Me?" He laughed sarcastically before taking some snow and throwing it back.She threw more snow to him as he chased her.

He, hidden behind a three and with a snowball on his hand, stuck his head out to see where she was. A snow ball almost reached him. He gave a half-spin and threw the ball on his hand to her face.

"I swear I despise you," she said spiting the snow that had fallen in her mouth as he laughed.

, I know, honey, I despise you more."

She took advantage and threw more snow to his face and laughed.

And both began a snow war in the middle of the night regardless of whether Filch found them or not.

Madam Pomfrey looked at her.Leevanna was lying on the bed facing the another stretcher and giving her back to the three persons in the room. Her now bandaged hands were under her cheeks, and the sheets and cobertor covered her from waist to feet. The hospital wing had been closed for that day because  no one  could know someone had tried to kill herself."Don't be too mean," Pomfrey said in Snape's direction. "Maybe she is having a lot—"

"No," Severus cut her off. "She is stupid, that's why she's here."

"Severus!" said Minerva and he rolled his eyes.

"I'll deal with her," he sighed. "You two can go now," both women nodded an left.

Severus turned his head to the stretcher his goddaughter was. He sighed again before walking towards her. Now facing her, he saw the tears running down her cheeks."Come here," he said stretching an arm once seated. She did what he said and started crying against his chest as her tiny hands clung to his robes and he wrapped her tightly. "Everything is going to be fine, you can cry...   I'm here now."

"It seems that you saw the same Dark Lord," Lhu laughed.

"Ah? What — What were you saying?" She came out of her thoughts in a hurry to pick up her things. The Hogwarts Express left in an hour.

"You're distracted," Lhu told her brushing her hair. "Something happened?"

"To happen something? No — puff — What's going to happen?" She responded laughing and placing her earrings.

But when both were boarding the train and the girl crossed eyes with Draco, she couldn't help but turn red.

—The Goblet of Fire—

Smoke spread all over the place.

"Leevanna Vaughan!" Snape was coming after her.She laughed while running through the corridors as if her life depended on it, well, it did. She had made a  little  mischief."Miss Vaughan? Why are you running?" McGonagall asked her as the girl left a kiss on her cheek.

"Young vandalism!" She ran backwards raising her arms laughing before running again.

"Young van — Merlin's sake! Severus!""Don't...  Say...  Anything," he told her closing his eyes between teeth. His new pink hair falling on the sides of his face.The Weasley twins, behind a column, looked at each other.

Draco frowned."What on earth are you doing?" he asks to Blaise and Theodore, who are against the wall next to the door of a girl's dormitory.There is a lot of strobe lights sneaking through the little spaces the almost closed door has."Shh," said Theo. "They are dancing.""Who is dancing—"And suddenly he is grabbed by the arms and glued to the little space.Oh.Pansy, Lhu, Daphne, that blonde girl who is weird — her name was Luna or something — and... Vaughan."Voulez vous!" sings Daphne with her wand as a microphone. "Take it now or leave it.""Now is all we get," continues Pansy. "Nothing promised, no regreteessss.""Voulez vouuuus," now is the turn of the blonde eagle with blue eyes."Ain't no big decision," came Lhu's voice. "You know what to do."And finally, "La question c'est voulez-vouuus," Vaughan's voice in a perfect french accent.       Her voice is pretty, says his own inner voice as his eyes are hypnotised.       Oh, God, shut it, says the voice of his conscience with an eye roll."Who's the blonde?" asks Theodore as the girls continue to jump, dance and sing."Vaughan's cousin, Ravenclaw," answers Blaise. "Luna Lovegood, also known as Loony Lovegood," he says. "But don't call her that, Leevanna gets angry.""She is pretty," nods Theo.And Draco doesn't care if Vaughan has a cousin, he is hypnotised by her smile, laugh and curls going up and down.༄

"A bit louder, China didn't hear you," she shot her eyes. "And  he  kissed me. We were fighting and it happened, end.""I understand everything now!" Lhu began jumping on her bed. "Now I understand the way you look at each other."

"Don't play fool," Lhu replied rolling her eyes playfully before biting her popsicle.

"Although now that you say it... I do feel something every time I see him."

"Lee Jordan, pleasure," the boy said, bowing like a joke.

"Leevanna Vaughan, pleasure," she laughed imitating his greeting.

"I like her already," Lee said hitting fists with her making her laugh. The Weasley twins laughed too.

Her laughter was very pretty, or that's what Lee thought the first time he met her.

"The purity of your heart," her mother said, avoiding looking at her.

"Purity that you don't seem to have," her father said slapping her with the back of his hand, the ring he had made her bleed. Her eyes filled with tears. He took her out of the hair roughly. "Tell me... Did you like to be in the bed of half England?" Another blow."Nicholas,  enough ," the woman said putting a hand on his chest and pulling Leevanna by the wrist behind her. "We have more  important things to do."A few seconds later, Leevanna was alone in the room."Don't cry, Leevanna," she told herself cleaning her tears. "Queens don't cry."

"We're  just  friends.""You look at each other a little too long to be 'just friends'.""I don't fancy him," Leevanna shot her eyes.

"Yeah, yeah, tell me that when it's you wedding," Lhu laughed.

"Oh shut it," she said. "Hagrid!"

"Oh, sweet Leevy is here," the man said smiling. "And Lhu too."

"Hi, Hagrid," she greeted smiling.

"It seems that you have a new friend Leev," laughed the man watching the little dragon approach the girl. She smiled.

"Hello, my lovely child."

"Are they flirting or starting a fight?" George Weasley asked Lhu.

"I've been asking the same thing for three years."

It's killed meh, it's killed meh

!" Leevanna imitated dramatising.

"Oh please," Draco shot his eyes while the twins, Lee and Lhu laughed.

Oh, you are going to regret this

," she continued putting a hand on her forehead. "

You and your bloody chicken!

"I despise you, you know that?" he said smiling.

"And I despise you, too," she winked him an eye biting his green apple.

"True love?" Fred asked.

"True love," Gorge replied.

"How much that they end up together before February?" Lhu bet.

"Ten sickles on the table for March," Lee replied laughing when he saw them fight again.

"Who the fuck likes Glacial Snow Flakes?"Leevanna shrugged, "Pansy.""I say that you plan the whole thing," said Theo. "Girls like it when you're in control."The green-eyed shook her head, "Don't be impolite," she says. "Ask her what she wants to do, girls like it when you take her in count.""Yeah, perhaps that's a good idea," nodded Theo. "But don't let her know how much you care or like her, girls like bad boys.""That's true," this time was Leevanna's turn to nod. "But don't act as if you were uninterested.""How do you know so much about dating girls?" Blaise asked with a frown.Leevanna blinked. "I am a girl, you idiot," she threw him a pillow from the bed she was on. "I know what girls like.""Ohh."She rolled her eyes."And it could it be that maybe I kissed cheery lipstick two or three times," she shrugs semi-sitting on the bed with her elbows taking all the weight."No way!" exclaimed Theo with a Blood-flavoured lollipop in his mouth. She grinned. "You mist tell me, maybe we kissed the same.""Sure," she shrugs again."Who kissed a girl?"And she rolls her eyes."Leev," answered Theo making spin the chair he was sitting on. Draco walked out the bathroom with an emerald green towel circling his waist and wet hair."At this point she has kissed the professors," he rolled his eyes.   "Hey!"He frowned, "Get out of my bed.""Make me," she grinned maliciously. He rolled his eyes again and threw her a pillow."I'd prefer to touch a slug than touching you.""And I'd prefer to let Filch's cat touch me than letting your filthy hands do it."Both glared at each other before Draco turned his head, "What were you talking about?""I was asking some advice with Pansy," responded Blaise."You should take the advice I gave you yesterday," says the blond. "Believe me... Girls like boys like me.""I am a girl and I don't like you," Leevanna grimaced."Nobody asked your opinion," he rolled his eyes. "And I am a man and I don't like you."She stuck out her tongue.༄"Stop it," Leevanna laughed.

"And then," George took Fred's hand, "he is gonna spin you around like a princess."

"Merlin's beard, I can't with you two sometimes," she laughed harder. "He is not going to ask me, I'm sure he asked Pansy already."

"Who asked Pansy where? Poor guy," Draco chuckled walking towards them.

"We were saying that Leev doesn't ha—" she covered Fred's mouth with her hand.

"You should take L—," and she covered George's mouth too.

"Don't listen to them," she said as chill as she could. "What's that you wanted to show me?"

"Oh yeah, follow me," Draco smiled and both started walking.

"Like in Cinderella!" both twins yelled. She turned her body and took off her middle finger while they made hearts with their hands.

"You should have seen her face!" Laughed Lhu covering her mouth with her hand to not being caught. "And Draco's too! Oh, Lord, it was so funny."

"They were so red!" giggled Daphne before doing am imitation of Leevanna. "

'Draco, have you seen my underwear?' 

Phrase of the year."

The four laughed again making Leevanna snort. They were at The Great Hall studying with Snape.

"Fine, I was in his room, happy?" she whispered in the twins direction.

"What did I told you? Give me my sickle Fred," George said proudly before Snape give him a blow with his book.

"And you? Snoggin and shagging with Lhu already?" Lhu and George blushed avoiding visual contact.

"Oi, Leev," Fred called her. "Somebody is looking at you," she turned her head making eye contact with Draco.

He raised his eyebrow playfully and she rolled her eyes in the same way.

"I despise you guys so much," she said with her cheeks blushed before Snape hit her with his book. "And why me?!"

"Sorry! Sorry! I'm late, I'm late, I know!" Said Leevanna entering the classroom in a rush.

"And why are you late, if I may ask, Mis Vaughan?" Snape asked crossing his arms over his chest.

"Um — I was — I was — what was I doing?"

Severus raised an eyebrow.

"I — I got — I got lost! Yes! That," she said nervously chuckling. "You know, the castle is too big."

Lhu, seated on the table behind her, covered her mouth with her book trying to avoid laughing.

"And why don't you have your—"

"I'm late, I know! I got lost in the way," said Draco entering the classroom with a green tie in his hand. Leevanna's tie. "The castle too big, you know?"

Lhu snorted lowly before before covering her whole face with her book.

"It seems that today's is the day of getting lost," Snape rolled his eyes. "Last time this happens, for both of you," the two Slytherins nodded quickly and headed to the only table that was available.

"Oh, um — Vaughan, you forgot your tie," muttered Draco pushing the fabric to her side.

"Ah, yes, thanks, Draco," she said grabbing the tie to start making the knot. She, accommodating her blouse's collar, felt the gaze of everyone in the classroom. "Why is everyone staring at us?" She muttered in Lhu's direction.

"You called him Draco," muttered Lhu in respond before chuckling.

"Smoking without me?" said the green-eyed removing the cigarette from Cedric's fingers.

"How's the tournament going? The second task is in a few days right?" He nodded.

"Huh, is going well I guess," he chuckled. "I'm afraid to disappoint my father," he sighed."Your father is proud of you, Ced," she smiled. "And please  don't  die," both laughed."If I die, I'm going to stay as a ghost to torture you until you finish Hogwarts."

"What?" she muttered without taking away her gaze of the book she was holding. They were on the library.

"Tell George that I'm prettier than him," said Fred. Draco frowned behind his book before closing it.

"I'm best good-looking than you," said George pointing at his twin with his finger."That's  not  true!" huffed Fred. "Leev, who is more handsome?"The girl lifted her gaze of the book and passed her eyes of Fred to George and vice versa."You are not answering this," huffed Draco covering her eyes with his hand. "My   girlfriend.   Mine.""I'm you girlfriend?""Yes,   you are   now, walk.""You're twins! You are practically identical! Both are handsome!" said Leev before Draco hit her forehead.

"Told you!" said Fred making a small victory-dance. "Give me my sickle."

"They said they didn't like tags," huffed George making a pout.

Leevanna huffed and crossed her arms over her chest while tapping her foot on the floor impatiently.He was supposed to be there three minutes ago.He is late.Late for a kind of 'date' he had had the idea of. "We should go on a date."

She chuckled and took a Chocoball to her mouth prior to shake her head.

"Yeah, but I'll buy you more sweets."

"Tell me the hour and date." Everything for the sweets.She loves receiving attention.Another huff leaves her mouth.Four minutes.She would slap him when he arrived.Not even two seconds more after she raised her hands in annoyance when the blond finally made presence."Hallelujah," she said making him laugh. "Four minutes late.""How dramatic you are," he rolls his eyes. "Here, for you."Carnations.Purple ones.A bouquet of it."Are you calling me capricious?""Yep."

Draco looked at Leevanna from the door of his bedroom in Hogwarts. She hadn't realised his presence, she just went out of bathing and only had her towel on.

He lowered his head smiling when he saw her spray his perfume on all his sweaters and then put one of them next to one of his divers.

"I'm back," he said a few seconds later as if he hadn't seen anything. "I brought liquorice cherry wands," he hid his smile when he saw her face illuminated.

A few hours later, when Leevanna was already asleep, he observed her with a closed-mouth smile.

She was curled up with her back to him, her rosy cheeks and nose, and her hair made soft curls, her head was half hidden in her sweater but she seemed not to have problems with that since she smiled when she smelled it between dreams.

If he liked Leevanna? He was falling in love with her.

"Don't open your eyes yet!"

"Why do I feel that we're on a risk?"

"We still in the castle, you dumbass."

Leevanna made sure that Draco still had his eyes close after she took off her hand, then she opened the door of his room.

"Happy birthday! Open your eyes!"

Draco obeyed and he almost starts crying.The room was filled up with millions of stars thanks to the spell  Stella Cascadia  o  The Star Shower Spell , how was commonly known."Leev..." he muttered seeing the place with fascination.

"You like it?" She asked. "You once told me that you wanted to touch the starts, and well, I did my best."

"I... Thank you..." He replied taking her by the waist to hug her tightly.

—The Order of the Phoenix—

when you slam the door I think you know...

" She continued pointing Draco. "That you won't be away too looong... You know that I'm not that strong!"

They were in the twins and Lee's dorm doing a karaoke competition with Draco and Lhu.

The twins acclaimed her. "Tell him Leev!" Draco laughed to the twins comment taking the glass of fire whiskey to his mouth.

Mamma mia, here I go again

," Lhu sang jumping and dancing with her friend. "

My my, how can I resist you?

"And the winner is..." Lee redoubled drums with his fingers once the song finished. "

Leevanna threw a pillow at him, George too, all threw pillows while they laughed.

"I have to do it?" Fred asked.

"Hey! You're not the only one!" George complained seeing his costume.

"A challenge is a challenge," Leevanna shrugged her shoulders laughing. "Now go and show those movements!"

People laughed while they walked through the runners imitating some movements that those of Durmstrang had made last year.

"What the fu — was your idea right?" Draco laughed standing at her side seeing the twins with native costumes from a movie they had seen last week, the redheads were almost naked.

"I'm the brain of the operation," she laughed. Umbridge passed through the corridor at that time. "Oh shite."

"God, Draco!" She shouted. "He  doesn't  like me!""Oh yeah? Then why the fuck is behind you like a fucking dog?" He slapped the table."Because we're  fucking  friends!" She responded throwing a notebook in his direction."I've seen how he fucking looks at you!" He threw the same notebook. She cleaned her tears of rage, he ran his fingers through his hair.

"When you calm down, you call me," she told him before leaving. Draco slapped the door closing it roughly.

And Leevanna didn't believe him, Lee and she were friends, Draco and Lee were friends! He didn't say the same thing about Fred, well, he had Angelina.

He — puff — Draco was just exaggerating.

And then, the 21st of October, she entered Lee's mind.

"You like her, don't you?" asked Lhu."What are you talking about?" Lee asked back, but he knew exactly what and  who  was she talking about."Don't play fool on me, Lee," she said rolling her eyes. "I see the way you look at her."

Both turned their heads to the garden, Draco and Leevanna were sitting in a tree laughing.

"Don't tell her," he huffed looking away.

"I won't, but Draco knows," she said making him frown. "I'm sure he has told her too."

"He isn't stupid, Lee," she huffed before biting a piece of chocolate. "He watches  every  move you make around her, even if you breathe.""We are friends, above everything."

"I know," she said. "But he posses her and she is okay with that because she posses him too. Her heart beats for him and him only, you're not gonna change that, even if they broke up they're gonna still posses the other. That's the way they love."

"And you think they care?" she chuckled. "And, Lee?" she said as she started to stand up.

"She has never had friends," she confessed. "But if anyone tries to separate them, or hurt him, she is capable of give them up. Think about that."

"Fred — Fred, listen to me—"

"No!" The redhead growled before wiping away the tears on his cheeks with his wrist. Leevanna closed her eyes trying not to jump. "Fuck — forgive me, I shouldn't—"

"It's okay, Freddie," she sighed with a soft smile.

"It's just that — I — I shouldn't be feeling this things, Leev — I — She is my best friend," the tears pooling his eyes again. "She has a fucking boyfriend... And that boyfriend is my twin! Who happens to be my best friend too!""Freddie, Freddie," Leevanna said taking his arms and making him look at her in the eye. "We cannot control what we feel, because that's what we do... We   feel.""I don't want to feel," the tears running down his cheeks as his voice became a whisper."I know you don't want to, Freddie," she smiled sadly and softly. "Tell  me  about feelings," she chuckled. "It's not your fault, okay?" He nodded. "Maybe you feel like shit right now because you think you're betraying two people you love, but I  assure  you that's going to pass, you trust me?"Fred nodded again and wiped his tears.

"I had my denial phase, you know?" Leevanna chuckled. "With Draco, before all this," she sighed. "I was clung to the idea it was wrong and it was just a childish whim... And know look at me."

"You two fight all the time," Fred chuckled running his fingers through his hair. "You are like an old-married couple."

"That's what we do best," she laughed. "We like to drive the other crazy."

"More than you already are?" He said playfully and she took off her middle finger in the same way.

Yeah, both were a bit crazy.

Leevanna gave a small jump out of fright before Draco pinned her against the wall of the empty hallway.

No body can breathe near you

," the blond threatened breathing heavily near her face after taking her chin.

," she said looking at him in the eye with a soft smile. His expression relaxed.

"What the fuck — like—" gasped Lee seeing them.

"Stop staring at them," Lhu huffed. "Georgie, nobody can breathe near you either."

"Whatever you say, my love," the redhead giggled before kissing her lips. Lhu smiled.

"Let them be," sighed Fred. "Aw, look at them, so cute," he added seeing Draco leaving a kiss on Leevy's forehead making her smile."Cute?  That shit is  not  cute," huffed Lee."Aw, they are hugging," added Fred ignoring Lee. " That's  something you don't see every day.""You,  crazy  people," breathed Lee.Leevanna smiled before Draco left another kiss on her forehead, then she kissed his lips softly.

"I don't know what's funnier," laughed George seeing Draco and Leevanna. "Seeing them lay on starfish position one on top of the other or your face."

"You have the face of a sausage," laughed Fred.

They were on Leevy and Lhu's room smoking a muggle weed.

"I'm a ballerina," said Lee spinning around before falling on Fred.

"I want a duck," hummed Lhu laying on George's abdomen.

Leevanna stopped walking.

His eyes penetrating her.

"Er — Le-Lee," she said trying to smile. "I'll catch you later," the boy frowned while she took her arm with her hand releasing his grip.

"Okay," he said before kissing her forehead. Leevanna closed her eyes tightly and waited until he left."Why  the fuck  he just kissed you?" said Draco in a low a dangerous tone. He grabbed her wrist roughly."H-He always does it," she said lowly seeing the anger in his eyes. "But — but he won't do it again.""That's for sure," he threatened. "He better keep his filthy fucking arm and lips away from you,  do you understand ?""Yes," she answered smiling. "I'm only yours."

"I'm not getting you ice cream," huffed Draco.

"But I want ice cream," said Leevanna pouting while sitting on him.

"Is two in the fucking morning," he complained covering his face with one hand. "Can we sleep?"

"I'm not getting you ice cream."

And she looked so cute with her rosy cheeks and pout...

"Three fucking times this week," he muttered getting off the bed.

"Excuse me," said Malfoy in a sneering voice, "but what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?"

," Leevanna murmured moving away and starting to walk to stand in front."But they're really, really unlucky!" Interrupted Parvati looking alarmed at Leevanna. "They're supposed to bring all sorts of  horrible misfortune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me—""No, no, no," said Hagrid, chuckling, "that's just superstition," she continued. "Right, now, who can tell me why some of you can see them and some can't?"

"The only people who can see Thestrals," Leevy said feeling the horse approach her, "are people who have seen death."

"That's exactly right," said Hagrid solemnly, "ten points to Slytherin. Now, thestrals..."Then Draco saw how she caressed the air, he couldn't see them. Something inside his chest hurt when she saw her smile so  melancholy . He didn't give a fuck that there were a lot of people and that Umbrigde had come to supervise the class, he simply went to her at a quick pace and pulled her from the wrist to wrap it in a hug in a surprising way by supporting his chin on her head. Since when was he like that? He didn't know, but having her nearby did him well.

"Why are you holding your fist?" Draco asked frowning.

"I punch someone," said Leevanna smiling proudly."And  why  did you punch someone?""Because he was looking my ass when I walked," she said still smiling."My little  good girl ," he said in her ear holding her waist with one hand to kiss her forehead. "Now, give me the fucking name."

Draco was struck by a couple writing things on a paper lamp.

He pulled Leevy's hand taking her there. What was he doing? He didn't know.

He didn't even know how to write in Chinese.

A few minutes later, he watched her for a moment while she finished writing.'Whatever our souls are made, hers and mine are the same. Always.'He caressed her hair seeing the floating lamps. She looked at him back smiling.'In this life and in the next ones, I'd be with you. Always.'

The air was missing,  she  was missing.A month and a half without her and the world had come down. She was his world.

The tears fell on his cheeks while he cried. The Astronomy Tower seemed more lonely than ever.

He was ill and his whole body burned thanks to the fever he had.

"She also cries," George said siting on his side. "You're the same."

"Sure you're not twins?" And Draco couldn't help but let out a soft laughter of his lips when he heard Fred's comment.

He needed more of the pills.

That was the only way he could be able to sleep and have dreams about her. He needed the pills.

He was still a bit dizzy for the effects.

Draco was looking for Madam Pomfrey with the fake prescription on his hand. He had found it among his mother things and just had to change a few things.

His steps stopped when his eyes caught a very particular and unmistakable red hair. He frowned softly before entering the doors completely. Lhu was with her, sitting by her side as she slept peacefully with her hand next to her face over the pillow and the other extended next to her body. As always.

"Perfect," said Jordan, catching Lhu's attention, who raised her head and found the blond staring at the girl who once was his girlfriend.

"Lee, shut it," the curly-haired said and looked at Draco again. "Hi, Draco," she sighed leaving a soft smile on her face. She looked tired.Draco looked at her and nodded as a way to say hello, then his eyes focused on Le—  her  again."She was having nightmares, that's—"

"No," Jordan cut her off. "Don't you dare to say him what is wrong with her because he does not deserve to know."

"No, George," he turned to look at him. "I'm right. He fucking left her and that's why she is the fucking hospital."

And Draco knew he was right. But he didn't say anything, he didn't want to fight with him. He didn't have the physical or mental strength for that. He was tired and dizzy.

"Draco? Are you okay?" Asked Lhu seeing his hand slightly trembling. "You can come here if you—"

"Lhu, fucking stop it. He does not—"

"Shut the fuck up for a second, yeah?" She cut him off angrily. "Nobody cares."

"He — he is right," muttered Draco closing his eyes to try and stabilise himself.

Lhu recognised those symptoms and knew he had taken those fucking pills too.

"Fucking finally," said Lee sarcastically. "You want an award too? Leave fucking now or I swear I'm going to punch you."

"I'm not going to fight, Jordan, I didn't come for that," and Draco didn't know how he was talking. "I came for other things."

"Well, fucking hurry up and fucking leave that you have hurt her enough."

"Hey, hey, watch your tone with her, mate," said George pointing him.

Lee rolled his eyes. He had forgotten Saint Lhu was always fucking right and couldn't be touched with even a fucking feather.

And Draco couldn't even finish what he was going to ask because Lee stood up and grabbed the hem of his shirt, pinning him to the wall and making his head smack against the wall. Draco sighed.

"Don't you even dare to ask if you can touch her or—"

"Go on, kill me or whatever, you would be fucking doing me a favour," the blond lazily pushed him away and put a hand on his head due the pain. "—Lhu can I ask you to tell Pomfrey I was here?"

"Yeah, yeah, I'll tell her," she sighed smiling softly. Draco nodded and left. "He wasn't completely conscious, Lee."

"No, you are gonna listen to me," Lhu stood up and crossed her arms over her chest. "He is taking the fucking sleep pills too, just like she did a long time ago, I know the effects of the drug, Lee, so stop using fucking violence and sit your bitchy arse down and shut the fuck up."

She, Lhu, Daphne, Theo and Blaise had just arrived the Slytherin common room and she was going to look for Leevanna, who hand't return after leaving the garden.

"Stop talking about bralettes, Theo," she laughed grabbing the knob of the door.

Her smile faded away when she opened the door of the room. She couldn't believe what was she seeing.

White pills spilled all over the floor and stained with scarlet drops which formed a path that lead to the girl laid on one of the beds. She seemed so peaceful, as if she was just sleeping. Pansy could see the ghost of death caressing Leevanna's cheeks carefully, sweetly.

The air stuttered inside her, making her vision blurry with tears.

"LHU!" She yelled still in her position.

"What happened?" The girl arrived in less than two seconds and looked at her confused. Pansy pointed one of the beds and she followed her finger. "Oh, God."

Lhu pushed away Pansy and ran to the bed to take Leevanna in her arms.

"What have you done, Leev?" Lhu said trying to search a pulse. "What have you done, sweetheart?" A sob left her mouth followed by a gasp. "Call Pomfrey, she has pulse!" She ordered to the raven-haired. Pansy was still in trance, trying to process what her eyes were seeing. "Pansy!" Lhu yelled finally making her react and look at her. "Don't say anything and call Pomfrey!"

Pansy nodded and closed the door before running through the passageway.

"Nothing, nothing," she responded Daphne's words quickly. "Go to The Great Hall, we would catch you there."

And she left the common room in search for Madam Pomfrey as the image of Leevanna laying on her bed reproduced in her mind again and again.

Everything happened so fast than in less than ten minutes Pomfrey was in the dungeons healing Leevanna.

"Not a single word from what you saw," said Lhu lowly and wiping her tears as she saw the healer. "Not a single word to anyone, Pans... Not to the group, not to Draco, not to anyone."

"It's been almost three months since they don't talk, nobody knows apart from me, Lee and the twins," she confessed looking at her. "I mean it, Pansy, not a single word."Pansy nodded. She wouldn't say anything to anyone  never .

"And she is so weird — I mean, what even are Wrackspurts—"

And a half-moon of sharp ice surrounds Luna and Leevanna.

"Nobody would ever talk like that about Luna! She is mine! Understood?!"

Everyone present at the meeting of Dumbledore's Army nodded.

The ice began to melt.

"Don't  take advantage, Lee," said Lhu."I'm  not  taking advantage," he rolled his eyes and turned his head to where Leevanna was."You  are  flirting with her, I'm not an idiot," she huffed. "She  is  in pain,  he  is in pain.""What if I am? What if  I am  flirting  with  her? Huh?" he asked making her roll her eyes. "I made her laugh Lhu, and he only makes her cry  every  fucking night.""She cries because  he is not with her ," she was starting to lose patience. "Have you ask yourself how is  he  doing? He is not well either, Lee. He is not dancing around the castle like a butterfly. And if you make a move on her—""What? He is going to kill me?" he smiled sarcastically."He is capable of doing it. If you touch her, knowing that she  only  loves him, you are going to regret it.""I can make her happy.""Oh, yeah? And why is she leaving your sweater on the couch and putting on  his  and smelling it?" both turned their heads to the girl. Lhu was right.

"You three make me crazy!" Molly Weasley told the twins and Leevy.They were at  Grimmauld Place  with Lhu and Lee."We love you mum," the redheads answered laughing. She smiled feeling like Leevy hugged her by side.

"Oh, you three, come on, let's eat chocolate biscuits," she said, hugging the green-eyed back. She wore the sweater that Molly had woven for her. Sirius and Lupin saw her from the meeting room smiling.

"This dresses are beautiful, Leev!" said Ginny Weasley stepping out of the bathroom wearing a strapless dress with an astral pattern.

"I give it to you, Ginny," she smiled. "It looks beautiful on you."

"Oh, thank you, thank you!" and she throws her arms around Leevanna's neck.

She froze before corresponding the hug.

"I'm not stupid Mione," she told her laughing. The girl smiled.

"I'm sorry for not telling you, I didn't mean it.""Don't apologise. I understand," she smiled. "In addition, did you think I wasn't going to find out? A DADA class isn't called ' army'.""Someday soon, you would have to choose a side Leevy," Sirius reminded her smiling softly.

"I know," she smiled. "

I've already picked one

Draco and Leevanna were laid down on the grass, surrounded by the forest and looking at the blue sky.

"That cloud seems a unicorn eating cereal," she said pointing it with her finger.

"It looks more like a cat," he frowned trying to catch the form she had said.

"You certainly don't have imagination," she chuckled placing her hands over her belly making him roll his eyes.

"It is   my   wedding!""Our, you dumb thing!"

She cries out making a whim.

"A wedding! In the Muggle world!" she whines. "Without a white dress! And a cake! And a pretty bouquet! Without the Minister of Magic! In whoever this church is!"

"And what the hell do you want me to do?!" he said raising his arms. "Mama said we cannot get back!"

She cried out again.

"And I thought you didn't like those things!"

"Of course I do!" she huffed. "I'm a girl! I dream with my perfect wedding since I was three!"

"Then let's fucking search a dress and a cake!"

"Then what you want!"

"I want to go back!"

"Well, news! We can't!"

Suddenly, the door opened.

Both shouted turning to see the person, who was a short man who jumped startled and fixed his glasses.

"The Minister is ready for you."

"Tell them we're going," said Draco and the man nodded before closing the door of the little changing room.

Both stayed silent after that.

"We're getting married," she said making him smile.

A split of a second.

Time is the number of frames the fabric of space can take from us and we experience those frames as past and future.

Time is a constant flow.

Time is flowing in the forward direction at some constant rate. That single tick is how we measure time. One tick is one measurement. Another tick is another measurement and so on. Now, in the next meet of friends, a particular friend phoned all of them and asked them to note something along with the coordinates.

So, we are moving in time. Time is taking us along with the flow at that tick. One tick means one step with time and so on. Consider time along y- axis and space along x- axis. When you are at the origin, you are moving in time. This means you are moving along y- direction in spite of not moving in space. In spite of being at rest, you are moving in time.

How cruel and backstabber is time.

Because none of it, of the perfect, could last very long for them.

  I hope you and Draco are fine and out of danger. I don't how I'm supposed to tell all the things and not break right now.

  Before summer, a few days before the school finished, The Battle of The Department of Mysteries happened. I don't know a lot about it but your parents and Lucius were there looking for a prophecy The Dark Lord needed.

  They failed and were captured.

  I found out about it three days after, when people appeared in front of my manor's door to tell me my husband was going to be on a trial for being on The Dark Lord's side and attack minors. Can you imagine my face when they told me he could be executed?

  When I arrived at the Ministry they told me about your parents too. Severus was there because he was the only person Neferet could contact after being also arrested.

  I know it's a lot of information to catch right now. I know I should have to tell you these weeks ago, but it wasn't safe. It isn't safe here anymore. Nothing is safe. It never was.

  Wherever you and Draco are, I wish you could stay there forever. Far away from this madhouse... But you need to come back.

  You can use your magic now, I had forgotten you were seventeen already. God's sake how fast time passes. Do not read The Daily Prophet until you arrive at my house.

  I'm so sorry, I miss and love you both so much and I would tell you everything when you arrive,

Now... The world was slow.

At least for Leevanna.

The sounds, the words, the breathings, the time.

"One count for improper usage of serums and potions in minors."

        Breathe.

"Miss Vaughan, did you ever met your parents' friends, that is, more Death Eaters?"

"Could you tell, please?"

She nods, "They would have parties almost every weekend," she says. "I don't really recall prisoner 540 having as many connections as prisoner 538 had."

"Miss Vaughan, could you tell if you ever have been used as a guinea pig by prisoner 538 for use of Dark artefacts?

Her eyes moved across the room before they fixed on her mother, "He would tell my mum to use a cursed necklace or put them on me."

"One count for possession of potentially risky magical artefacts for people."

"It's for me?" A little Leevanna asked while her mother raised a strange necklace with her wand.

"Could you recall one experience of experimental purposes?"

She nods, "Two of the prisoners he had, made them use a cursed cloak for hours."

"Some of the Curses and Jinxes?

"Finger-removing jinx, Disintegration Curse, Transmografian Torture, Orbis, Fiendfyre."

"Did ever prisoner 540 participated in these activities?"

"Prisoner number 538 would make me watch until it was over for him."

She closes her eyes.       You are a big liar cow.And opens them when the thoughts are over.

"One count for using Dark magic against others for experimental purposes."

"Yes, Leev and you have to wear it  all day ," she pretended a smile. It was the first time her mummy gave her something, she was happy... And then the jewel touched her skin and her eyes became black.

"One count for physical abuse against a minor."

"Miss Vaughan, did the prisoner number 538, Nicholas Arthur Vaughan, ever raise a hand to you or any member of your family?"

And the colour is so similar to hers that she thinks she looks so much like her, "He would hit me and yell at me if I didn't do something right," she finds her voice. "He would do the same with my mother."

She can hear the slap, the sounds.

"One count for domestic violence."

"Miss Vaughan, could you recall how many house-elves were currently being possessed in Malfoy Manor before this trial?"

"Bloody remember it, Leevanna," said her mother kneeled in front of her. "Nobody can know   you   own one, it is not from here but Sthone property, okay?"

"Twenty," she answers after a second forgetting to count one. "Most of them were kitchen ones, others would serve the prisoner personally."

"Did he ever used the Imperius curse on them or any member of your family?"

"One count for the abuse of the Imperius curse on a child."

"Miss Vaughan, did the prisoner 538 ever kept prisoners in your manor's dungeons."

"One count for knowingly keeping prisoners in the dungeons of Vaughan's Manor and neglect them.""One count for using the Cruciatus and Killing curse against minors Muggle-borns. One specific example, Alyssa Margaret Dexter." "Hi! My name is Alyssa, but call me Aly," the little girl greeted enthusiastically.

"Miss Vaughan, did the prisoner 540, Neferet Jullieth Vaughan, ever raised a hand to you?"

"And the prisoner number 538?"

"One count for mental and emotional exploitation and negligence against a minor. Specifically, Leevanna Jullieth Vaughan."

"The Winzengamont finds the prisoner 538, Nicholas Arthur Vaughan, currently Death Eater,   guilty  ."

"He will be taken to Azkaban Prison for the   immediate   kiss of the Dementor and execution."

"The Winzengamont finds the prisoner 540, Neferet Jullieth Vaughan, currently Death Ester, guilty."

"She will be taken to Azkaban Prison for the kiss of the Dementor and execution."

Leevanna left the court resonating her heels on the ground. The sound of people moving was an echo, the screams of her father crying out for innocence was an echo, even her mother's silence was an echo.

Narcissa, Draco and Leevanna faced journalists. The first two had also left their court minutes ago and had been waiting for the girl to finish her parents' trial.

Draco took Leevanna's hand starting to walk among the people.

The world was in slow motion for him too.

The sound of his own breathing echoed inside his head, hitting the structures of his skull like waves merging in the ocean. His vision was blurry and his body felt insanely heavy.  Leevanna's hand was his only support and prevented him to not collapse right there.

The green-eyed's breathing was heavy, feeling the air that entered through her nostrils down her conducts until it reached her lungs, where it compressed and made an insistent burning through her body. The monster was stalking her, watching her from afar with a crooked smile as her tentacles lashed out like whips, letting her teeth enter her skin and remove parts of it, leaving her exposed and bleeding.  Inside her, she was screaming, being tortured in a dark place that she couldn't get out of, from the outside she looked serious. Calm even.

She knows what's happening to her body, all the medical and psychiatric explanations possibles she could give at that moment.

The world isn't in slow motion.

Behaving anxiously activates the stress response, she knows, she had studied a lot about it. She knows that the stress response immediately causes specific physiological, psychological, and emotional changes that enhance the body's ability to deal with a threat — to either fight with or flee from it — which is the reason the stress response is often referred to as the fight or flight response.

A part of the stress response changes includes changing how the brain functions and processes information. She remembers all the medical explanations her Psycho Healer had said to her years ago when she didn't want to believe in his diagnostics about her mental stability.

Like for example, stress hormones cause the fear centre of the brain (amygdala) to be more active and the rationalization areas of the brain (cortex) to become suppressed. This change is ideal when in real danger because it heightens our awareness and reaction to danger rather than slowing us down due to processing information.

And when the stress responses occur too frequently, however, the body has a more difficult time recovering, which can result in the body remaining in a semi-emergency readiness state, which we call 'stress-response hyperstimulation'. She could recall this chronic emergency readiness can cause lingering effects, such as more persistent brain function and processing changes, which can make it seem as if we are, or the world is in slow motion.

She cannot believe she is thinking like a bloody Psycho Healer right now. But she is grateful she could focus on something more to not pay attention to the world.

She doesn't know when all the suffocating questions started.

Her eyes close shut every time the flash collides with her pupils directly.

   "Miss Vaughan! Could you give some details for The Daily Prophet?"

   "Miss Vaughan, what's your opinion about your parents? Did you have knowledge about all those things?"

   "Miss Vaughan are you and Mr Malfoy in the Dark Lord's side?"

   "Miss Vaughan how's to be a survivor of domestic violence and physical abuse?"

   "Miss Vaughan is it true you were raped when you were a child?"

   "Miss Vaughan, could you say something about Alyssa Dexter and the other kids?"

   "Miss Vaughan, why did you testify against your own father?"

     "Miss Vaughan why did you kept all those things until today? Someone threatened you?"

   "Miss Vaughan, how was the relationship between you and your mother?"

   "Miss Vaughan are you under the custody of Narcissa Malfoy or Severus Snape right now? Do you plan to return to Vaughan Manor?"

   "Miss Vaughan, what's gonna happen with the Vaughan inheritance?"

   "Miss Vaughan had you and Mr Malfoy been the last three weeks and a half?"

   "Miss Vaughan, what's your opinion about Lucius Malfoy's trial and the position of the Malfoy's right now?"

   "Miss Vaughan is it true you tried to commit suicide months ago?"

   "Miss Vaughan —"

How did they know about all those things? How the fuck did they know so much about her private life? The trial had just finished minutes ago and they seemed to know everything about it. Like raptors ready to eat the little remains of her.

       Fucking cunts.

She feels overwhelmed.

When you experience emotional overwhelm, it can feel all-consuming. For the many people who will face this feeling at some point in their lives, it entails being completely overcome by an intense and unruly emotion that something is too challenging to manage and overcome.

When confronted with being overwhelmed, it can be difficult to think and act rationally, and even function in a normal way. Needless to say, the experience of this feeling is uncomfortable and the causes and effects can span across your personal and professional life.

Emotional overwhelm entails more than being stressed. By definition being emotionally overwhelmed means to be completely submerged by your thoughts and emotions about all of life’s current problems, to the point where you lack efficacy and feel frozen or paralyzed.

Compare the feeling of being overwhelmed to being submerged after a rough wave. It’s a scary experience, you may not know which way is up or what way to swim, you may feel stunned and unable to react.

A cold nervous current ran down her spine when Draco's hand tightened hers. He was being questioned too but, like her, he didn't answer the questions.

   "Mr Malfoy is it true you and Mis Vaughan are in the Dark Lord's side?"

   "Mr Malfoy, what's your opinion about your father's trial?"

   "Mr Malfoy is Mis Vaughan living with you and your mother?"

   "Mr Malfoy, what's your opinion about Mis Vaughan's parents trial? Did you have any knowledge about those things?"

   "Mr Malfoy where have you been this last almost four weeks? Were you and Mis Vaughan hiding?"

   "Mr Malfoy, your father ever hit you when you were a child?"

   "Mr Malfoy is it true your father cheated on your mother with her own sister before receiving his Dark Mark?"

   "Mr Malfoy, your relationship with Mis Vaughan is real or a financial arrangement?"

   "Mr Malfoy, how does it feel to lose everything?"

   "Mr Malfoy —"

They are walking among all of the journalists, she can see how they all step aside while they continue taking pictures. Her gaze drifts down to the ground and she lets her curls cover her face for a moment before putting on her sunglasses and looking straight again.

She cannot breathe. She feels suffocated."Take Leevy to your room and   don't   go out,   please  ," Narcissa begged with tears in her eyes as soon as they arrived at Malfoy Manor.The woman's voice doesn't reach her brain very well since her ears are plugged and her heartbeat making echo in her insides in the only thing she could focus on, but she knows she's still walking with Draco holding her hand.  She doesn't know how she is walking, she doesn't know how she is walking up the stairs.

When both finally reached the second floor, she let herself be guided by the blond and when both were inside their room, he locked the door quickly.

Draco can feel the incessant burning in his lungs, the air does not reach his brain well from the stress of a few moments ago. His hands are shaking slightly at the sides of his body, which still feels heavy. It is as if a statue has fallen on top of him and he cannot move.

A cruel sensation runs down his back and he feels like hot acid which tears his flesh from the inside and hits him in a sway of wild waves.

Leevanna leaned on the black wooden canopy feeling tears falling from her eyes and running down her cheeks.

         You have justice, Aly.

Still feeling in slow motion, Draco's head snaps around when he hears the sound of her black heels stumbling against the ground. And another wave of nausea hits his body as he realizes that he had forgotten about her for a second.

Forcing his brain to react and send out bloody alarms at that instant, he gets close to her as fast as he can."Look at me," Draco kneeled in front of her taking her arms. She couldn't collapse right now or he would do it too and none could help the other in that state. " Breathe ."She wrapped her arms around his neck being able to breathe again."Now she is free, Draco...  I'm free ."The years of abuse, experiments, pain...All the traumas she had been through. They were over. They weren't there anymore to torment her. They wouldn't haunt her anymore. The monster would finally leave her alone.

She feels like she is running outside in a light-filled forest. Running free with the wind hitting her face until she slammed to a stop. Her agitated breathing makes her close her eyes and breathe deeply feeling the smell of the place invading her body.

She feels free. Feels that she can breathe.

Similar to what it feels like to smoke good quality weed and just chill or sniff a very small quantity of the purest cocaine. Like a deep, green lake feels when the breeze passes over it. She can say this state could be experienced by a high dose of opioids such as heroine directly injected into the circulatory system.

She has heard about people injecting heroin and experiencing an extreme state of tranquility. No pain, no worries, no grabbing on to thoughts, just letting them pass.

She feels light and pretty disconnected from the world and its problems.

You have achieved tranquility in that moment when you can feel sounds from outside trigger the chemicals in your brain that tells you about the sounds. At least 10 minutes spent observing sounds around you does this to you.

It gets you a little confused about life, as in, you ask nature 'What do you mean,' by all these sounds, all these experiences? But there is no surer sign that you have achieved a state of tranquility and disengagement from thoughts.

Unfortunately, even the greatest spiritual gurus have trouble feeling tranquility in this world, because of how deeply planted the idea of pain is within the human psyche.

It's very hard to overcome physical pain without external help, such as medicine, herbs, drugs. All humans would be much closer to feeling tranquility if they stopped believing in lasting, excruciating, physical pain. But this is something we all should do when we are feeling good, not when we are feeling pain. It's hard to not believe in pain while it's tearing you apart.

And obviously heroin and any other opioids are really dangerous drugs. They are really efficient at killing people via overdosing.

And, for her, that sensation of tranquility won't last too long. She is about to have an overdose.

It had lasted a long time. Fucking three weeks and a half completely in which she ran incessantly until she was out of breath.Narcissa's letter had barely arrived on the same day the witch predicted and Draco and she had followed everything to the letter. Leevanna had sent the owl back just like the letter said and they hadn't seen the animal again  if not until a few says go when a letter from Narcissa Malfoy telling them they had to return, had taken them by surprise in Austria.When they had both read the letter, they had not waited a more single second and had used all possible sources and routes to get back to Wiltshire as quickly as possible.

The trials had been two days after that.

But somehow that placebo peace Leevanna is feeling doesn't feel like peace at all.

She believes peace is the complete understanding and acceptance of humans not only with others but with themselves also. Peace is both personal, something within ourselves, while also being something big out there in the world.

It can't exist when either of them is disturbed. And I believe finding peace is the way to connect both its elements. Peace is not the absence of chaos and problems, but it is the art to stay calm, focused, and united even in the middle of those. Animals are more peaceful than humans, and they do encounter problems, hunt for food, and die.

There may be problems and conflict, but the way we solve them defines how peaceful we are. Providing education and eliminating poverty, inequality, and exclusions are the areas to work on to achieve peace both within and outside.

And that can't be done without a complete understanding and acceptance of ourselves and others.

Peace, to her and her life, means to be able to live without worry. That she can wake up each day and not wonder if it is her last. Not because of a violation of her right to exist by some actor, but from non-intentional actors… Peace from pain and misery of health inadequacies.

And this isn't peace."Who is   she  ?" Draco asked her half an hour later. He was seated on the bed and she was laying on it with her head on his legs while he caressed her hair.

"The Alyssa of..." she nodded. "Oh."Draco remembers their third year. Exactly the time when none of them was nice to each other and he found her in The Room of Requirement and saw  that ."I met her by chance in Diagon Alley when I was nine, and also other kids like Dany, Leo and Alexy," she sighed. "Only Snape and Luna knew about her existence. Until I decided to take her to my manor... And it was the last time I saw her and the other kids," a small tear ran down her cheek. "It was a spring day, I had decided to sneak several of those kids and Aly because I wanted to have a stupid tea party three days after my birthday. My parents weren't supposed to be there and I didn't know that those kids were Muggle-borns, I just wanted friends other than the ladybugs in the garden. Mum found us playing in the backyard, she didn't say anything, she only called my father."

"Why did you never tell me?" She laughed softly while sitting on the bed.

"Should I've introduced myself with that story or while we had sex?" He laughed rolling his eyes.

"Dumb," he told her while she sat on him.

"How was Lucius' trial?" She asked feeling his hands intertwined on her back to hold her.

"Mum couldn't be there, she left twenty minutes before they handed down the sentence," he sighed. "I left ten minutes after her."

Both turned their heads towards the door when they heard a noise on the first floor.

"Draco, don't go down," she took his hand when he got off the bed.

"What if something happened to Mum?"

"I'm going with you then," she said getting up from the bed.

"No, you're going to stay here and—"

"I am going with you," she interrupted him and he rolled his eyes giving up. If Leevanna Vaughan was something, was bloody stubborn. He opened the door meeting his mother coming in their direction.

"Mum? Is everything okay?" Draco asked as the woman wiped her tears quickly and dedicated a sad smile to them.

"Cissy what..." Leevanna froze when she saw one of her father's old friends. Fenrir Greyback."Hi, sweet Leevanna," he greeted her with a twisted smile. "A lot of time not seeing you and... Look at you, an  entire  lady," Draco stood in front of the girl."I need you to come down, my loves," Narcissa told them trying to stay calm and forcing a smile. Both nodded. Leevanna took Draco's arm tightly when she met someone who scared and disgust her more than her own father.

His red, predatory eyes penetrating them.

Fear tastes like metal or blood, in the mouth.

Nature has designed us to lighten our loads (shit ourselves or be sick) before we react,

Some people wee themselves. Some people are sick.

Before adrenaline kicks in and makes the heart pound so hard within the chest and force some imminent reaction.

They both are scared.

Your heart races, you tremble, you experience a sort of tunnel vision, you can't think clearly, you get a headache, you becomes nauseous, sometimes you loose the ability to speak.

The most unsettling is the idea that you can't get it under control, that you don't have yourself under control.

It shrouds you. Unlike a shadow that follows, fear infests you. It can start with something as small and unassuming as a paper cut or as abrupt and crippling as a gash. Despite its starting point, the effects of the infection spreads within milliseconds. Minutes string out into hours strained and days that wane. It consumes every fiber, every thought, every fleeting hope until there is no line between you and the shroud, and you become something else.

It really is debilitating. Some people get off on your fear also. They continue to torture you as you feel like your having a heart attack.

The gaze of having just wining something he had been wishing for a long time.

"How wonderful..." Voldemort said with that calm and twisted voice dedicating a rotten smile to them. Narcissa stood in front of them."They are   too   young..." the woman tried to say."I don't care!" The man shouted as Bellatrix pulled away from her sister with roughness as she smiled. "It's his punishment," he smiled.

"Wha-What?" Draco tried to say.

"My dear Leevanna," he ignored him and turned away to grab the girl's chin. "So much like your mother."

What was happening? They didn't understand the situation. Their brains weren't rationalising.

Narcissa hadn't told them about what would happen to them after Lucius, Nicholas and Neferet were caught by the Ministry of Magic a few weeks ago. She had tried to delay it as much as she could but it had been impossible. And she had forgotten about it because The Dark Lord hadn't contacted her again.

A chill ran down Leevanna's spine when she felt Nagini sliding by her feet side.

And maybe she was never free and her nightmare wasn't over.

Everything went black for both teenagers when Voldemort's wand did a flick.

It had felt like falling into a bottomless pit over and over, like a loop. A spiral that constantly sucked them and expanded black smoke through their bodies until they were complete without consciousness.

They had been falling for a long time, it had felt like years. Being blinded by the smoke in their bodies that made them relive their nightmares over and over again. Tearing them apart.

Into the jaws of darkness.

Full of mysteries and possibilities; a sort of a desolate and dangerous path, at times also a fascinating and peaceful one.

Darkness is more powerful than light. Because our universe is in full of darkness and it is expanding due to black energies of the universe.

Darkness consists of black energy and black matters. Our universe consists of 68% of black energy, 27% of dark matters and remaining 5% of galaxies , stars and planets. Therefore, Dark energy and Dark matter together constitute 95% of total mass-energy of this universe and light sources constitute 5% of total energy in this universe.

The dark matter is composed of 'baryons', It works like an attractive force and holds our universe together. It can interact with gravity, but it doesn’t reflect, absorb or emit light.

Dark energy is a repulsive force. It tends to accelerate the expansion of the universe.

Mostly light energy can make the near by objects visible to our eyes. But black energy can accelerate the expansion of huge universe.

So, we find dark energy is more powerful then light energy.Darkness is the absence of light/energy so does that mean it doesn’t exist? Does nothing exist? Is the absence of something something? Sort of hurts your brain after awhile. It just all depends on how you define exist, it exists to us, so from our perspective it does. But scientifically  darkness is just the result of no light , it’s not made up of anything, it’s just not light.But for her, it is totally different.

For her calm is colour black.

It is quiet and doesn't scares her. Everything is clearly in the dark, she doesn't have to feel or hear anything, the memories of her past experiences don't reach her in any way. Doesn't have to pretend, doesn't have to use a piker face to cover what she really feels, doesn’t have to lie constantly to the persons she cares about saying she is fine when in reality she just wants to die. No one can see in the dark.

That is one of the reasons her favourite colour is black and her favourite number is zero. Both represent nothing.

Leevanna woke up suddenly after reviving one of her most torturing nightmares.

Her breathing was heavy, her chest rising and falling violently with each effort to take in air. Burning her lungs and throat in the process. She had to blink five times in order to fully focus her vision.

She was in a forest. She didn't recognise it.

The expanse of trees ahead of her were never ending. Or probably she thought so.

The canopies provided a slight glimpse into the overcast weather which turned the shades of greenery even darker. Unnecessary criss-crossed pathways with crickets chirping in broad daylight — it was a sight to behold. Also, occasional sightings of insects.

Forests are probably like our parents while we are adult and well into our 30s. Parents and forests do provide us a lot of oxygen and hope, however we do not dwell there in those residences. And like an old cantankerous parent who is well into his or her retirement, forests do shower us with some toxic uncertainties. The colourful mushrooms and nocturnal predators.

The large veins of roots spread across the muddy floor. She looks up with awe at the vast canopy protecting me from my demons. The woods extended deep into the cozy darkness. A calming song erupts from a nearby tree where a bird has found its abode.

Darkly foreboding and ominous sounds, she can hear the whispering trees, how the creak at the unfelt wind. Under her, there are thicker leaves and thick undergrowth at the forest edge, near there are overhanging branches.

Many narrow and twisting paths to take, like in a fairytale. Denser wood at whatever her eyes darted, choked with brambles, matted undergrowth, thick bushes, ditch, sprawling branches, stiff branches.

She didn't remember anything about what had happened.

Everything was very gloomy, there was little light that she supposed was from the sun. Though there was a kind of mist surrounding her. A stabbing pain that spread through her head like a crown of thorns made her close her eyes tightly before opening them again. She supposed her head had fallen on a stone. When she placed her hand on once side of her face she felt the viscous and thick blood that sprout.

Her breathing was still heavy.

She turned quickly when she heard dry leaves crackle near her position.

Was she alone? Was she accompanied by some foreign person?

"...Draco?" she askedin a breathless murmur with the hope of being right on the tip of her tongue.

She rested her hands on the grass below her and tried to stand up. She stumbled and fell again. Her body had no strength. Leevanna's brain thought for a bit and she decided it would be best to crawl until she regained her strength.

She had taken survival classes when she was a child. Her mother had had the idea that time. She remembers what Neferet said: 'A girl always must know what to do' and, Salazar, Leevanna knows a lot thanks to many forced tutoring and, at what seemed for her at that moment, boring classes.

A metallic smell coming from her hands made her look down. She maybe had cut herself with a branch or something. Trembling, she slowly raised her hands and turned them to face her palms.

The river and giver of life, the flowing source of circulated blessings for oxygen and digested food and then delivering these and transforming these in every cell.

The welcoming warmth and the stream of healing and the carrier of the defenders of the body, such that invading diseases may be battled even as we sleep. We see blood and know it is precious and limited, yet it is daily renewed so as to prolong life, even to the passing of the centuries, as Methusaleh witnessed until his dying day. He lived till almost a thousand years had run.

The hot subterranean stuff, circling in passages, erupting from fissures and boiling with minerals and gases.

A ragged gasp drowned in her throat. Tears began to pool on her face as she tried to clean her clothes. It didn't work.

A desperate gasp rose from her throat as she saw more blood covering her clothes. Whose the hell was all that blood? It wasn't hers, nothing in her body gave hints of being wounded except her head but it was impossible that it had sprouted so much blood from it.

Her gaze slowly lowered and looked straight.

"Draco..." she whispered  crawling as fast as she could until she reached his body.

She does not understand.

She doesn't understand what — why —

The huge wound that extended from his chest to his abdomen made her sob. The blood covering all his black shirt and suit.His face was unhealthy pale, cold,  lifeless.His eyes were closed and dark, deep circles surrounded them. His cheekbones had accentuated a lot too.

Why — Why wasn't he moving?

Her hands moved him gently. Trying to wake him up. He didn't wake up.

"Draco," she called out to him again with a shaky voice. "Draco, wake up," she said again and this time a sob accompanied her.

Her brain doesn't understand. Doesn't want to understand.

She cupped his cheeks with both hands and brought their foreheads together. The cold touch of his skin made her shiver and shudder even more. The shape of her hands painted his cheeks with scarlet brushes.

She cries. Her face is now resting on his chest and her hands are grasping his shirt tightly. She can feel the depth of the wound.

She raised her head slowly, feeling that crown-shaped pain growing stronger. Her eyed fixed on something metallic and bright protruding from some leaves near where they were. She stretched a little and moved them to dismantle the sheet that covered the —

She frowned softly, confused. She recognised that knife.

"What on earth are you doing?" He asked chuckling.

"I'm — trying to — fuck it," she huffed turning her body to face him. "I'm calling Maglor. I don't know how the fuck to prepare a sandwich."

"You look like a little psychopath," he laughed. She pointed the kitchen knife to him and narrowed her eyes before he grabbed it and left it on the counter before taking her hand. "Let's go, fluffy beast."

That had been in her manor. Last year.

That knife was supposed to be in her kitchen.

Why the fucking knife was in the forest? And why it had blood?

Something moved under her hand.

She returned her gaze to Draco's chest and her hand began to slowly unbutton the black buttons. Her hands were shaking.

They scurried everywhere, slipping and eating everything in their path. Their dirty white colour blended with the dots of dirt above them. She could see how insects entered his skin and made it move from within. They were millions of larvae — or worms — whatever they were. The sight of her seemed to zoom every second, bringing her closer to what the insects were doing. In her mind, she could see their mouths tearing at little putrid bits of his skin.

And she thinks how much she has been unconscious for him to be like that.

Her gaze shifts to her hands again, then to her knife. The worms again.

Everything was dark.

She is seated on the grass, looking at him. At his  dead  and decomposing body.The smell and so pungent, yet sweet. She had gagged when she had woken up a few — hours? — whatever that had passed — and she knows that once she has smelled the scent of human decomposition, she will never be able to forget it. As well as all her memories.

Her eyes still fixed on him.

She didn't know how much time she had been looking at him. Maybe minutes. Maybe hours. Maybe days.

Everything felt the same. All was still the same. Nothing changed. Not the illumination, not the mist, not the wind. Not a single thing.

She doesn't know how much time has passed. She doesn't really care. She didn't have a way to measure the time. There were no stars because the trees were leafy and didn't let her see. She misses stars, the constellations in the dark blue vault above her.

Her body was weak. She hadn't eaten since one day before her parents' trial. Her body didn't really need something to survive. She didn't felt that urge of wanting to eat or drink something. She actually felt the urge to vomit and sneeze at the same time.

It was as if she had just been punched in the stomach and couldn't breathe.

She had laughed hysterically and cursed. Then she had a rage that shifted to insanity and started screaming like a psychopath. Then she was so angry at how and why he'd leave her alone and not even consider how much she loved and cared about him.

Who the fucking fuck did he think he was?

So she pictured seeing him in Heaven or Hell and punching him in the face demanding an fucking explanation of what the fuck had happened. She had even started arguing with his dead body and told him that he could go and fuck himself. That gave her some comfort. Until she remembered he couldn't go to do that because — well — he was dead.

"You are a fucking—" she growled "—son of a bitch!"

Her body burned in anger, the bitter and sour sensation that makes her do stupid shit all the time. And she knows that even if a bag of ice falls over her head, that wouldn't turn off the fire.

"You! You little cockroach!" she growled again. "You left me alone! You let me do—" and her hands grabbed a pile of leaves to then throw it at him, "—stupid shite! You loathsome bastard!"

And she is talking to a dead body. A dead and decomposing body.

She isn't sane anymore.

"You know what?!" she laughed bitterly. "I hope fucking—" more leaves were thrown at him, "—Jesus sends you—" a growl, "—to the fucking Hell, you cunt! Who do you think you are?! Huh?!"

The tears start to fall. Angry ones.

"Go fuck yourself, Draco Malfoy!" she yelled and the rolled her eyes when her brain did 'click'. "Oh, but wait — you can't! Because you are dead!"

And she now is hitting his body with a brach that appeared from Merlin knows where.

"You fucking imbecile!" she cried out. "How dare you?! Huh?! How dare you to leave me?!"

Her legs become jelly and her body fell sitting on the ground.

And now she is crying.

The scarlet blood now was darker, something similar to wine or maybe mahogany. She was dirty. All her body was covered with his blood, dry pieces of leaves and dirt.

Blood smells something like iron. It doesn’t have a huge taste to it. A very mild salty-sweet if anything. A bit tangy. But blood definitely has it’s own scent.

And she would now remember it forever.

It is worse now that it is dry.

The usual copper or iron like smell that blood has is slightly dulled down in older blood and is replaced by a strong, sharp and almost painful smell. You will be able to tell that the thing you’re smelling is rotten, whether you can distinguish is up to experience. If it is a large quantity of old blood it will make it difficult to breathe. It will smell warm even if the blood is cold. It may also smell slightly like rotten eggs if there is old flesh accompanied with the old blood.

It is as if she had lost a part of her. It is strange that feeling.

The worst thing of all is that she knows what's happening to her. Mentally, at least. The process of all things.

In the beginning, it starts with denial. Then there is some frustration. Finally, it leads to acceptation.

She hasn't left the frustration part. Or maybe she has. She didn't know.

Also, she doesn't know how his blood exactly smells like, but she knows the one that is on her clothes is his. The one in the knife is his. The one in her hands and face is his.

She wasn't very sure of that. But she didn't have another explanation for it.

It plays in her head over and over again. In fact, she thinks she's even put together a movie-worthy scene at this point. She has seen it millions of times in all that time. There were quite a few scenarios about what happened.

The first scenario her brain had proposed was that the two of them had been arguing, as they always did, and she was using the knife. At some point, he had taken her out of her senses and she had turned to answer and had accidentally stabbed him with the knife. She, still in shock, she supposed, had decided to head into the woods to hide the evidence and had passed out in the middle of it.

Another one, the second scenario her mid had thought about, was that they had both been in the forest from the beginning. She didn't know what for, but they had been there. She supposed they had been trying to have a picnic or something and, repeating the previous case, they had both argued and she had stabbed the knife into him. Then she would have fainted and her brain had decided to erase all memory of what happened when she woke up.

The last was based on the fact that she herself had led them both to the forest. She, already out of her mind and letting the monster that haunted her since she was a child to take full control of her, had pulled out a knife from Merlin knows where and had smiled sweetly at him before stabbing his chest with the knife over and over again. She then she had fallen asleep and forgotten what happened when the monster left her.

Worthy of a psychological-horror movie.

She was the killer.  His  killer.

She was the main responsible for whatever that had happened and her mind had blocked.

"When you told me that I was the death of yours, I didn't think you were being serious," she mumbled still hypnotised by the larvae in his remains.

She hadn't been able to make them go away. They were still moving, eating him. She could see them in every angle possible.

She remained silent for a few seconds. As if she was waiting for him to respond."Yeah, I didn't think about it either,"  he said before a sigh left his lips.She looks up from his body and finds a sort of hallucination of him. He is supporting his hands on is knees and also looking at his own dead body on the ground.

"Merlin's fucking tit, how handsome I am," he chuckled. "Even with the larvae and deathly serious expression."

And she knows she has already lost the last tiny thread of sanity she had.

She looked down again, fixing her eyes in his dead body and keeping quiet. The hallucination doesn't show again until — whatever passes — after.

But this time isn't only him. The cruel reflection she sees in the mirror is there too. Wearing that pinky summer dress of hers."Oi, what do we with her?" a sks the fake Leevanna."And you're asking me? Hello? She   killed   me," the other hallucination says obviously before rolling his eyes."I haven't noticed," responds the other sarcastically. "Good she did it, she did a favour to the world."

Leevanna doesn't respond. She is silent. She doesn't speak since the last time and plans not to do it again.She keeps looking at his dead body more time. Just looking. She had even questioned herself if  she  was still breathing or something. She wasn't sure about anything anymore.And, not knowing how, she falls asleep for the first time since she had been there.

When she woke up, she wasn't in the same place she had been before.

She knew because she had memorised the shapes of the stones that were near her. And also because Draco's body wasn't there anymore.

Her mouth opens and she about to say his name... — and she remembers he is dead and he clearly won't respond.

        Wonder—fucking—ful.

She stands up and decides to start walking. Maybe she had done it when she was asleep and that was why she wasn't in her previous place anymore. Though she had never been a sleepwalking person.

She decided she wanted to do that Arithmancy formula she had learned years ago.       2007 steps to get to the clearing over there,  says the voice of her conscience.She sighs and starts counting backwards as she looked at the grass attentively.

        Two thousand eight.

       Two thousand seven.

       Two thousand six.

       Two thousand five.

       Negative eleven.

       Negative twelve.

       Negative thirteen.

       Negative four —

And she stopped counting and frowned confused before raising her gaze.

There were flies, a lot of them. All over.  Everywhere. One even got close to her face.

       Convert the negative to positive, you get 14, now, 2007 plus 14 is 2021.

She recognized the smell of a decomposing body — pungent but yet sweet — and a strange sensation invaded her body — similar to happiness — when she thought it could be Draco's.

       Now subtract the 21 and all again, 21 minus -10 is eleven, eleven passes to negatives and plus 21, now you can subtract and you obtain 10.

But that odd and warm sensation quickly fades away and she felt as if she had gone back in time.

       If you count backwards, ten minus ten is zero, end of the problem.

Eating   them. Entering  their  bodies and making  their  skins move from within.She recognizes Leo Avalon's petite body first, his now dirty and dull toffee curls have become one with the grass. He has the same clothes that she saw him wear the last time she saw him alive. His skin is almost gone and holes are showing his rotting flesh and bones.

Her sight flies quickly to Daniell Jordan's small body. Her once shiny and silky long red hair is now dirty and lifeless, brittle. She is still wearing her favourite dress, the one with red flowers on a white background and reaching her knees. She has no eyes and her skin is even more pierced than Leo's.Alexy Douglas is next. His black hair is now grey from the cobwebs that have grown on it.  Maybe it's the deep scars that go all over his face and arms from  Sectumsempra , but he seems the most damaged of the four bodies.  His bones stick out and there are larvae everywhere.And finally, his green eyes land on Alyssa Dexter. Her yellow spring dress is now dirty and torn. Her tousled curls and walnut colour scatter across the grass like paths to a house. Down her ears and her nostrils are still the traces that the blood left many years ago. Her little nails are full of dirt. She looks like she's been dug up and left lying on the grass. Careless. Like if she is nothing.

Like a manikin nobody wants.

Leevanna pukes again.

A constant spiral Draco Malfoy has been falling into since Voldemort's wand flicked.

His eyes, feeling heavy, opened little by little and closed tightly when the light hit him directly.

He didn't know where the fuck he was.

The soreness in his throat made a hoarse gasp die in the deepest part of his throat. It was as if a truck full of anvils had been passed over him over and over again for long hours. He shut his eyes tightly again and felt a few beads of sweat slide down his forehead like rain.

He lifts his head little by little, still feeling dizzy. The world is spinning. A stabbing pain all over the front and side of his head makes him gasp. It was as if they had pressed against a compressor or something.

His eyes opened un once when he heard her voice.

"No, no... P-Please..."

he whispered trying to move.

He frowned when he felt tied to something. He turned his head despite the agonizing pain in his body and realized that his hands were tied behind his back with chains a d those chain were connected to a wall.

His torso was also wrapped in them.

"What...?" whispered the blond trying to move and free himself.

His body was too weak. There was no strength.

As if it had been drained from the body by making small punctures in the skin leaving it pierced and under the burning light of the sun.

"Please...! No! I-I will b-be quiet...! Not again, please!"

Her screams and sobs made him look straight again.

There was a dirty glass in front of him. She was in a room with white walls. He was in a deep hole just looking at her.

She was wearing a green summer dress and her hands were tied over her abdomen as she cried. She had also a blindfold covering her eyes. Her legs hanging from the edge of the table.

His eyes fixed on a man who was standing in front of her.

He was wearing a sort of cloak and a face mask. All black. Draco couldn't see anything about him that may help to recognise him. His hands, not covered with anything, slid up Leevanna's thighs as she cried louder and begged for a bit of mercy.

That — That man was going to — to rape her?

"Leevanna!" Draco yelled trying to catch her attention, but little thing he didn't know was that she couldn't hear him. "DON'T TOUCH HER!"

His wrists hurt from pulling the chains that were holding them. His whole body aches. The chains seem to tighten around his body with every move.

Tears started running down his cheeks when he saw the filthy hands of the man lifting her tiny dress.

"DO NOT DARE TO TOUCH HER, YOU FUCKING BASTARD!" he yelled angrily making his throat to burn. "LEEVANNA!"

She screamed and the man's hand covered her mouth with a slap before the sound of his zipper was heard.

"NO! NO! LET HER GO! LEEVANNA! DON'T TOUCH HER!"

The man released his grip from the green-eyed's mouth before he took her hips roughly to hold her still. The girl screamed, cried and squirmed over the table she was laid down.

"LEEVANNA!" he cried before she gave the most terror-struck screams he had ever heard in his entire life.

But that wasn't compared with what happened next. As the man raped her in front of Draco's eyes, who yelled and fought against the chains, Leevanna implored and called his name again and again as the blond replied calling hers.

When Draco saw how the man took out his wand as he thrusted himself into her, he stopped yelling and the world slows down.

"WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO HER?! FUCKING STOP!! LET HER GO, YOU MOTHERFUCKER!"

But the man didn't listen to his yells and implores. Instead, he muttered 'Crucio'.

And Leevanna gave another terror-struck scream as she twisted in pain.

Draco couldn't keep yelling. He couldn't keep seeing that. But his eyes forced him to do so.

Her legs shook and her body lifted every now and then as she screamed and screamed. She was being raped as someone Crucio'd her. The blond saw the threads of blood sliding down her ears and nostrils as she keeps begging.

It went for what seemed eternities.

He had counted more than two thousand and ninetieth seconds before the man finally lowered his wand and came out of her.

Draco didn't stop crying and yelling.

He saw her cry for what seemed hours. She was barely conscious and her whole body shivered as gasps and groans of pain left her mouth.

He didn't realise he fell asleep when she turned her head to him but not being able to look at him.

When he woke up, very suddenly and with a sheet of sweat making his face sparkle, he felt heavier than before.

He was also very tired

All hurt. All burned. All of him was wounded.

He didn't know how much time had passed since he fell asleep. He didn't want to know.

The tears started running down his cheeks again when the images of what the man had done to his little girl reproduced in his mind.

He had an arcade. Two. Three.

But he didn't vomit anything. It was just the feeling of what had happened.

And he swears to himself that he would free himself from the chains and look for Leevanna to run away to a place nobody could hurt her. To a place he would take care of her every day.

His eyes shut closed and the unbearable pain in his head made him raise his gaze to the floor and focus on the chains belting his torso.

Searching a way to free himself or broke them somehow.

He looked up thinking it was is Leevy again.

And he couldn't even wonder what the fuck his mother was doing there when the man appeared again and said ' Crucio.'He didn't give Draco a single second.

Narcissa Malfoy was leaned over the table Leevanna Vaughan had been before, where she had been raped and Crucio'd. The woman was in the same position the younger had been.

Draco couldn't react.

His brain wasn't working well.

The neurones weren't able to do synapse.

The air didn't enter his lungs. It burned just inhaling it. Just feeling it caress his face like a breath was hurtful.

Narcissa Malfoy was wearing a black dress, a long one. Her hands were also tied over her abdomen and the blindfold was also there. The rivers of her being sliding down her nostrils, creating a path down her cheeks which merged on the table with the river that came out of her ears.

She keeps screaming. Crying.

Shaking on the table and fighting against an invisible person as the man pointed her with his wand a few feet away from her.

She gave a loud and painful gasp when the torture stopped for a second.

She was panting, exhausted and barely conscious.

"P-Please... N-No more..." she implored in a ragged whisper.

Draco finally reacted.

"MUM! LET HER GO YOU—" and he sobbed, drowning his screams in his throat.

Two seconds. Exactly two seconds.

And the torture began again.

"MUMMY! DON'T, PLEASE...!" he yelled and cried. 

Narcissa screamed again. Her begs and sobs were as loud and terrifying as Leevanna's had been at the moment.

For Draco, the seconds seemed years.

Slow. Painful. Long.

He was crying again. Begging for the man to stop as he pulled the chains that slaved him and provoked he couldn't save the two most important people in his life.

His eyes closed tightly in every sob and he tried to look away as his mother keep screaming and screaming.

At some point, he heard bones being broken and he knew it was his mum's because she ran out of air for long five seconds before she cried and screamed.

The curse stopped after what seemed two minutes, then the man waited two seconds and listened to the implores and pleases Narcissa gave before pointing his wand again.

Draco counted thirty more numbers he had done with Leevanna. Painful and agonising thirty more fucking numbers.

And, as he cried and yelled, he thinks that if Leevy and Narcissa died over that table, he hadn't said 'I love you' to them in a long time.

He was there, in the dark and enslaved, seeing his mother be tortured one last time before the man left the room as he cried.

It took more for Narcissa to barely be able to breathe calmly. Maybe five hours, Draco didn't know. He didn't calculate it well. Leevanna had fallen unconscious on the table, that was the reason Narcissa had lasted more.

The woman was still laid down, breathing raggedly and barely alive.

And Draco, sobbing, wishes he could be dead. Or maybe the one who's on the table.

Imagine you're a black hole, and you're collapsing into yourself.

The emptiness is so real it's palpable, and even more real when the pain hits you like a frenzied train. It's like being in a bubble or being trapped under this bell jar. The world going on around you, but you are neither involved nor do you care. You look down at your chest and see only a big, gaping dark. You're collapsing.

They are collapsing.

It started with a gnawing feeling within their gut, followed by an aching and breaking feeling within their hearts. It feels like anything physically is wrong, but the pain is still there.

With the heartbreaking feeling they have, they begin now feeling there's a void in themselves. It makes them impossible to concentrate on what's happening and how they could avoid it. And that's followed by bitter crying.

And they cry so hard that they begin to experience physical pain. Like migraines. They couldn't breathe and all their muscles hurt.

Leevanna had found seven more dead bodies.

The first three were Fred and George Weasley and the other was Lee Jordan.

All three have been hung.

It looked quite painful.

Then Leevanna noticed the bonds on their hands, which were behind their backs. Her eyes then shifted to their chests, where the same marks on Draco's body were appreciated. She had the knife in her hand somehow, so she stared at it for a few seconds before starting to stab a tree that was near her.

Then she puked again and fall over the dry leaves and uncomfortable, cold ground backwards.

She had started at the trees' tops for a long time. Maybe days. It seemed like days but she didn't know.

Once she was finally able to walk again she kept her way after waving goodbye to the bodies and took the knife again.

As she walked without any stop, she thought about Arithmancy formulas and resolved them on her mind. Her favourite was still the one she counted backwards and then added more. The one she had thought to Lhu two years ago.

Two years? She was still in 1996 even? She didn't know. She didn't care.

The hallucinations keep appearing every now and then when she thought about some memories from past times. They only talked between themselves because Leevanna didn't do it.

She feels like when Draco and she were apart. She couldn't talk. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't do anything.

You could be useful once and made appear some food," said the hallucination of Draco rolling his eyes.

" her reflection responded. "We don't have our wands, genie

" chuckled the blond messing Leevanna's hair. For her, it had been like a breeze.

Of course she needs one," said the other Leevanna standing in front of the real one. "She is covered in blood and has a knife in hand, she could be perfectly the killer of that horror movie we saw last time

Leevanna closed her eyes constantly to make them disappear and be left alone with her imminent silence.

There were times, in the night — or what she thought it was —, when the darkness surrounded her completely and all her demons seemed to surround her and tease.

While sitting, her eyes are fixed on the darkness of the forest and lost in it. It was a deep black hole that she stared at for long periods of time. Every time it seemed to do a zoom. As if it was waiting for her to follow its peaceful path.

When she had been next to Draco's inert body, she usually heard the howl of the wolves through her ears. She stayed awake to prevent the sounds her mind made up to make fun of her, from coming for his remains.

She counted two thousand and thirty-one trees and did twenty formulas before finding Luna Lovegood's body.

The blonde eagle was against a tree, sitting carelessly and with its head bowed. She had a black plastic bag on her head too, so Leevanna knew that she had suffocated her before stabbing her. How did she know that she had stabbed her? The breeze made her body fall to the ground.

The larvae, the wounds, the crows.

Leevanna threw up again before bursting into tears.

She counted three hundred and fifty-nine trees before she found three more dead bodies.

Lhu Oneyl's, Narcissa Malfoy's and Severus Snape's.

The minor over the elder witch forming a sort of cross. The man'a body was next to them. The flies were everywhere too. The larvae eating their decomposing bodies. Leevanna could still saw them in every possible angle.

The same wounds on their chests.

The same feeling in her insides when she saw again the knife on her hand.

And when she puked, she thought she had just expulsed her whole stomach. She didn't even know how she kept puking and puking over and fucking over again.

She had sat next to the dead bodies for a while, thinking about Narcissa's smiles and hugs, Lhu's words and support and Severus patience and care with her.

And she had killed them.

She had killed them.

She was a filthy fucking

Happy about it, Miss fucking Ice Queen?

She thought about The Dark Lord. Curiously. She remembered her first year at Hogwarts.

Could he be able to bring all the people she had killed to life again? Could he?

She would do whatever she needed to do if that could brought everyone back. She was willing to do

. No matter what was it.

She falls unconscious again after counting fifty-four trees and finally reuniting with Draco's dead body again.

It's all a deep hole. Swallowing them. Tearing them apart and leaving their insides exposed.

It is a constant wormhole that swallows them in one bite and compresses them into absolute nothingness. With a void in their chests greater than the pain itself.

Draco saw Leevanna being raped and Crucio'd five times more. All horrific and long.

Every scream she gave broke every part of Draco's being and torn him apart until he gasped for air. Desperately panting and drowning in the void which seemed to get bigger every second.

The rapes lasted around like two thousand and fifty-five seconds or two thousand and seventy-nine.

After that, he counted the sextuple or septuple of those numbers as she saw the girl calm down and then fall unconscious over the table.

She screamed a lot. And cried. And sobbed. And fought to breathe. She always called his name.

And he felt so guilty.

He couldn't protect his Leevy.

He couldn't do fucking anything.

As the seconds passed, the chains which embraced him seemed to grow tightener every time he fought and pulled to get them out. It burned. A lot. The chains were Hell.

Hot as fuck and fucking agonising.

He didn't know what day he was in. He didn't care. Nothing mattered to him anymore.

He didn't even know if they were still in the same year. What's more, was he in England even? Was he in another country? Where was he? A house? A cottage? A manor? A basement? Fucking underground?

Where did they keep his Leevy? Was she more hurt than they had already done? Was she ill? Could she be able to sleep in the night? Did she want her dear ice-cream?

He missed her a lot. He wanted to be able to go back in time and never return from Austria.

Now, when he didn't fell unconscious minutes later Leevanna did, he remembered memories with her and cried.

Draco was tired of it.

When the same man raped his mother, he couldn't even look.

He closed his eyes tightly and started counting as the tears ran down his cheeks. As a little kid who hid every time their parents fought.

Her screams were heartbreaking.

And he thought that maybe The Dark Lord would be able to bring his Leevy and mum back to his side. Maybe it wasn't the best option, maybe it was. He didn't know.

If he fulfilled all the tasks he gave him maybe he could be able to see his Leevy again. He would do anything to have his Leevy back to his side.

The fourth time the man raped his mum, he couldn't hold it anymore and fell unconscious after counting to two thousand and one.

"Cissy, you can't do this! He can't be trusted."

"The Dark Lord trusts him."

"The Dark Lord is mistaken."

Both women entered the flat carefully, then Wormtail directed them until they reached the living room, where Severus was.

"Run along, Wormtail," Snape said before waving his wand closing the door abruptly.

"I-I know I ought not to be here," Narcissa began. "The Dark Lord himself forbade me to speak of this—"

"If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, you would not speak," interrupted Severus looking at her sister. "Put it down, Bella, we mustn't touch what isn't ours," the witch raised her hands rolling her eyes. "As it, so happens, I'm aware of your situation, Narcissa."

? The Dark Lord told

?" Bellatrix questioned.

"My goddaughter is in the same situation if you haven't noticed," he reminded her raising his eyebrow sarcastically. "Your sister doubts me. Understandable, over the years, I've played my part well. So well, I've received one of the greatest wizards of all time," Bellatrix rolled her eyes snorting. "Dumbledore is a

"I don't doubt you, Severus," Narcissa replied in the edge of despair.

, Cissy. As should Draco and Leevanna."

"He is just a boy," Narcissa said. "And she is just a girl."

"I cannot change the Dark Lord's mind," Severus replied.

"They had been missing for almost three fucking weeks!" Cried Narcissa. "I don't know where my son is! I don't know were Leevy is! And you are fucking telling me you cannot do fucking anything?!"

"Narcissa... You think I'm

worried?" the man said seriously and angrily. "The Dark Lord didn't even contact me to tell me my goddaughter was going to be taken to a fucking initiation God knows fucking where!"

Severus took air deeply when he realised he had raised his voice.

"I'm going to ask The Dark Lord again about their whereabouts," he sighed lowly, "but I am not promising anything."

"Oh, thank you, Severus!" said Narcissa with tears running down her cheeks with any control before covering her face with her hands and wipe her tears.

"Also, it might be possible for me to help Draco."

"What?" Asked Narcissa confused and frowning.

"You think it's going to be just the initiation? He's gonna prove them, Narcissa, to anything that crosses his mind first to punish Lucius and Neferet, who's dead by now and turn out to be a punishment for me for fucking Merlin knows why."

"Y-You think they won't be able to fulfil their tasks?"

Severus moved his head a bit insecure. "Leevanna has traumas, lots of them, and for Draco... I don't know what kind of task it would be."

"A-Are you sure y-you can help my son and my Leevy?"

Bellatrix said interrupting them and walking towards the black-haired man. "It's just empty words..." she muttered walking behind him. "You'll give it his best effort... when it matters most. He'll just slither back to his hole.

Severus didn't hesitate for a second. He had done the same with Leevanna when she was just a baby and now she

someone and that someone needed help.

That way he could keep them safe when he found them in wherever Voldemort had sent them for the fucking initiation.

Narcissa, on the other hand, was afraid. For her, her husband, her son and Leevy.

She hadn't even had a choice, her father seemed to torment her even being dead. Narcissa reminded the conversation she had with Lucius a year and a half ago.

Then there was her son, who paid a

price for his father's mistakes. He was innocent. She didn't even dare to look him in the eye after.

Her senses slowly came back to reality and little by little her eyes focused well.

She was in a room. A dark one.

She wasn't in the woods anymore.

A ragged sigh left the doors of her breath before a sob did. Followed by an ocean of tears and cries.

She hadn't cried since she saw Draco's dead body.

Oh, Merlin's sake! Draco!

The persons who had her now would have brought him with them? Where was he if not? Still in the wood along with the other bodies?

A door in front of her opened and a masked man made an appearance. He walked towards her in silence as she shuddered and cried from the fright. He grabbed her arm forcefully and his fingers made too much pressure that she was sure she would have marks after.

He had actually dragged her across the room and kept doing it when they left. She was still crying. She was still shivering and frightened.

A light green humid glow made her eyes close shut before the man made her stand up.

She stumbled for a few seconds before the man grabbed his arm and discovered it to then extend it.

"How wonderful to see you again, Leevanna."

The Dark Lord. Voldemort.

"M-My lord?" she said with a shaky voice feeling the enormous cauldron under her arm burn her flesh. She had to support a hand on the edge so as not to fall.

"You want to bring all the people you killed back to life?" His voice was serene. Calm and almost sweet.

And she didn't rationalise his words. She didn't even realise what that meant. She just nodded.

And a terror-struck scream left her throat when his wand pressed the skin of her left arm.

Draco woke up immediately.

The scream resulted in him familiarly. Very familiar.

"Leevy..." he mumbled before the door of the room he had woken up was abruptly opened.

A masked man made an appearance and dragged him into the centre of a gloomy room only illuminated for the light of the boiling cauldron he was heading.

"My Lord," he whispered seeing the man standing in front of him.

And his rotten smile should have warned him.

When the wand touched the skin of his left arm, he just growled and yelled until the burning sensation stopped.

He was dragged into the room again.

Seconds later, a person was thrown at him carelessly.

And she turned her head when she felt his hands grabbing her waist.

He wrapped her into his arms when the tiny ray of the moonlight made her green eyes full of red spider webs to sparkle.

"Leevy..." he said taking her cheeks and leaving a kiss on her lips.

She started crying and clung to him with all the strength she had as she continued shivering.

It's okay, my life... I'm here now," he whispered caressing her hair with delicacy as the tears ran down his cheeks too.

August had been around the corner and they hadn't noticed.

They had been missing almost a month and for they had felt like years.

Now, not even fully recovered for what had happened to them and with tasks to complete, Leevanna was trying not to chuckle while she saw a magazine with more things she would compulsively make Draco buy.

"I am not a child, in case you haven’t noticed, Mother," she hears him say. "I am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone."

There was a clucking noise and Madam Malkin's, the owner, voice was now to be heard, "Now, dear, your mother's quite right, none of us is supposed to go wandering around on our own anymore, it’s nothing to do with being a child —"

"Watch where you're sticking that pin, will you!" he growled. The woman pursed her lips. Leevanna looked at her with raised eyebrows. Madam Malkin nodded. The green-eyed drifted her eyes until they landed on Draco, who was wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves.

The girl got up from the armchair she was on and walked towards the blond.

"I want this," she says pointing a pair of dark grey cloaks with pretty ribbons with a small diamond in the middle. "And this," now her finger was pointing a long, silver gown on the next page.

"I will buy you anything you want, amore," he says leaving a kiss on her temple before she goes back to her seat.

"Leevy," came Narcissa's voice, "what is your opinion on this perfume."

The green-eyes approached her leaving her magazine on the armchair and wrinkled her nose a little when the aroma hit her nostrils. She shook her head, "It smells funny."

While that, Draco strode to the mirror and examined himself; it was a few moments before he noticed Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger reflected over his shoulder. His light gray eyes narrowed.

"I know right?" Narcissa frowned smelling the fragrance one more time. "Something makes it smell weird but—"

"If you're wondering what the smell is, Mother, a Mudblood just walked in,” said Draco.

Leevanna turned her head.

"I don’t think there's any need for language like that!" said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. "And I don’t want wands drawn in my shop either!" she added hastily, for a glance toward the door had shown her Potter and Weasel-bee, both standing there with their wands out and pointing at Draco.

Leevanna, acquiring a defensive mood, stepped in front of Draco in a protective way and her eyes glistening in flames.

If someone wanted to hurt him, they would have to kill her first.

Granger, who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, “No, don’t, honestly, it’s not worth it...”

"Yeah, like you'd dare do magic out of school," sneered Draco making Leevanna smile diabolically. "Who blacked your eye, Granger? I want to send them flowers."

"That’s quite enough!" said Madam Malkin sharply, looking over her shoulder for support. "Madam — please —"

Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack.

"Put those away," she said coldly to Harry and Ron. "If you attack my children again, I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do."

"Really?" said Potter, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face. He was as tall as she was now. "Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, are you?"

Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart.

"Really, you shouldn’t accuse — dangerous thing to say — wands away, please!"

But Potter did not lower his wand. Narcissa smiled unpleasantly.

"I see that being Dumbledore’s favourite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won’t always be there to protect you."

Potter looked mockingly all around the shop.

"Wow... look at that... He’s not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband!"

Draco made an angry movement toward Potter, but stumbled over his overlong robe. Weasley laughed loudly.

Leevanna became a furious dragon.

She drew out her own wand and pointed threateningly at them. The Golden Trio lost their smiles.

"Don’t you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter!" Malfoy snarled.

"It’s all right, Draco,"said Narcissa, restraining him with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. "I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius."

Leevanna's wicked smile widened, "We are two with the same thinking."

Harry raised his wand higher.

"Harry, no!" moaned Granger, grabbing his arm and attempting to push it down by his side. "Think...You mustn’t...You’ll be in such trouble..."

Leevannna scoffed sarcastically, "As if you didn't to shite being at Hogwarts," she said. "I have so much information of you three."

Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the spot, then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was happening in the hope that it wouldn’t. She bent toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Potter.

"I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me just —"

"Ouch!"bellowed Malfoy, slapping her hand away. "Watch where you’re putting your pins, woman! Mother — I don’t think I want these anymore —"

He pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at Madam Malkin’s feet.

"You’re right, Draco," said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at Hermione, “now I know the kind of scum that shops here...We’ll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting's."

And with that, the three of them strode out of the shop, Draco taking care to bang as hard as he could into Weasel-bee on the way out while Leevanna did the same with Potter.

"Honestly with those three," she huffed. "How did they think they are?"

"Don't ruin your pretty face with those frowns, Leevy," said Narcissa leaving a kiss on her forehead.

Leevanna huffed again and crossed her arms before her eyes caught the sight of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes.

"Cissy," she says, "I will catch on soon."

Without waiting for an answer, she makes her way towards the joke shop. Fortunately the twins were near the door and she wouldn't have to wander around much time.

"Freddie, Georgie," Leevanna said pretending her best smile as if nothing happened in her life. "I love the store," she looked around seeing the joy of the people.

Joy she wasn't able to share.

"Do you want to stay Leev? Lhu and Lee are about to arrive and—"

"No," she interrupted George smiling. "I'm only passing by, I have to go back, Draco is waiting for me."

"Oh — are you okay?" Fred asked frowning. "You have red dark circles again."

"You and Draco fought again or...?" she denied.

"The trial," she lied as fast as she could. "My parents are dead, you know, universe things," both twins looked at each other when she chuckled. "Give my regards to Lhu and Lee, farewell redheads," she left still without erasing her smile.

When she saw Hermione with Ron and Harry enter the store without realising her presence, she slipped off the shelves and left as quickly as she could. She didn't hold a grudge for her parents, she was relieved by that, the problem was that now she was against

. Not by choice, but she was.

She was because she had to.

"Where were you?" Draco asked, appearing out of nowhere frightening her.

"You almost gave me a heart attack," she huffed, letting him pull her by the wrist and lead her away. "The twins send you greetings," he nodded.

Both went to Borgin & Burkes in silence. Narcissa was waiting for them inside along with other Death Eaters. A chill went down Leevanna's back as she was surrounded by so much coldness. She felt Antonin Dolohov's gaze burning her neck, then his hand on her waist.

"You touch her one more

time..." Draco threatened to pull her abruptly behind him. He didn't like people touching her.

"What's up, pretty boy? Can't you share?" And before the blond could throw himself to kill the guy with blows, Leevanna got in the middle.

," she growled. "To what we come."

She let Draco pulled her by the wrist and they both walked through a long corridor followed by Narcissa and more Death Eaters who were waiting for them.

The atmosphere was cold, terrifying, and certainly made you want to vomit.

"Is this?" Draco asked standing in front of a cabinet.

"Yes," replied a Death Eater that Leevanna didn't recognise.

Draco let go of her hand and she lost her breath.

She felt like a prey.

A prey surrounded by snatchers, literally, who came for her remains.

Like the worms and larvae had done in the forest with all the bodies.

She placed herself next to Narcissa and the woman took her hand tightly. She was nervous and scared. Leevanna smiled at her trying to calm her down. Although she was also dying of fear. They watched Draco touching the cabinet in silent.

A few moments later, the deal was made.

Narcissa placed a kiss on Draco's cheek as an apology. Merlin, she felt

"It's okay mum," he murmured taking the hand of the green-eyed wanting to leave for once.

It was an impossible mission and the lives of many people were at stake.

       Thank you for the inheritance, Mum and Father,

A fucking pony couldn't you leave too?

On Sunday, the 1st of September, both boarded the Hogwarts Express with serious faces and humour that no one could stand, not even themselves.

In the summer months, they had developed several types of...

Or at least in the time they had had free.

They weren't the same ones after the woods and the deep hole.

Leevanna loved to take Draco out of patience at all times, either with small things that she knew bothered him and then being punished for her behaviour. He, for his part, loved making her cry and ignore her for long hours until she began to yell for him to pay attention.

And those were just examples.

And as for sex... Well:

"Can you stop doing that?" Draco growled looking at how she cut her finger yolk for the tenth time in the morning just to provoke him, she did that every time she wanted to turn him on. Blood sprouted from her finger.

"Or what?" She teased him smirking and starting to walk through the train that was still quite empty. Draco took her wrist roughly and pinned her against the wall of one of the empty compartments closing the door. She held his gaze and gulped.

. Make. Me... Angry," he told her with a hand on her neck. He took her hand and brought her finger to his mouth sucking the blood while he looked her in the eyes and nailed his teeth into her skin making her let out a little moan of her lips. "You understand?" She nodded and he let her go. "Now, walk. Lhu must be waiting for us."

Both came out of the compartment, he behind her holding her wrist. He tasted the blood that remained in his mouth while he saw her walk.

Her blood tasted sweet.

Things had changed after both had received the Dark Mark.

There were no more smiles, no stolen kisses, no laughter in the morning.

All were nightmares.

"Leevy!" greeted Lhu smiling before hugging her. The green-eyed avoided brushing her right arm. "How are you? Lee and I didn't manage to see you that day in the store."

"We had things to do," she smiled at her, she avoided mentioning Lee in front of Draco. The issue kiss had been left behind, yes, but it was used as a weapon in some fights. And she wouldn't tell her either about what had happened to them. "Pansy, Blaise," she greeted them.

"Leevanna," greeted Pansy back sitting next to Lhu and Blaise next to her.

The green-eyed took a book out of her briefcase before handing it to Draco to put it in the compartments, then he sat next to her.

"Hey, Luna," Lhu said smiling. "Could you give me one?" The girl nodded extending her a Quibbler magazine.

"Give me one too, Luna," Leevanna smiled.

"Is everything okay with your arm, Leevy?" Asked the blue-eyed girl watching Leevanna's outstanding bandage of her black blazer as she extended a magazine.

"Oh yeah — yeah, I just... Burned myself baking cookies with Cissy," she smiled removing her arm quickly after taking the piece of paper. "You know how clumsy I am sometimes."

"Took care of yourself Leevy and be careful with what you eat and do for now on," Luna smiled before leaving.

And while Leevanna tried to figure what the hell Luna had

to tell her that, The Golden Trio spoke in another compartment.

"So what were Draco and Leevanna doing with that weird-looking cabinet? And who were all those people? Don't you see? It was a ceremony. An initiation."

Harry couldn't be more wrong.

"Stop it, Harry. I know where you're going with this," replied Hermione. "Don't say that after Leev helped us last year."

"I don't want to be mean Mione. But it happened. They are one of them."

"Harry's under the impression Draco Malfoy and Leevanna Vaughan are now Death Eaters."

"You're barking," Ron frowned. "She helped us a lot last year," he reminded him. "And what would You-Know-Who want with a sod like Malfoy?"

"Their parents were Death Eaters."

"Stop it, Harry," the girl said feeling chills down her back.

"Well, then what are they were doing in Borgin and Burkes?" said Harry. "Browsing for furniture?"

"It's a creepy shop," replied Ron. "He's a creepy bloke and she has very extravagant taste."

"Look, his father is a Death Eater," continued Harry ignoring his friend. "Her parents were too. It only makes sense. Besides, Hermione saw it with her own eyes."

know what I saw and stop it now."

"I need some air," said Harry standing up from his seat and opening the compartment door.

Draco raised an eyebrow in the direction of Leevanna. "I'm not putting any more things in your suitcase.""Please," she said with a pout extending her book, he rolled his eyes taking the book reluctantly and standing up. He had acquired this thing that made him spoilt her and even do things she could do for herself, like, for example, putting on her shoes. He treats hear like a baby.It was at that time that everything got black.And Draco entered in panic. 

 "What was that? Leevy?""Don't know," she replied."Relax, guys. It's probably just a first-year messing around," Lhu said standing next to Pansy."Come, Draco. Sit down. We'll be at Hogwarts soon," Pansy said sitting again and handing a liquorice wand to Lhu."Don't tell him what to do," Leevanna said raising the view of her magazine looking at Pansy. She nodded.Draco smirked and sat again extending an arm towards Leevanna to sit her in one of his legs, which she did.He loved when she did that.And he needed to keep her close at all the times. He couldn't lose her out of his sight again. He couldn't let her go back to the white room with the man."Hogwarts. What a pathetic excuse for a school," Draco said playing with Leevanna's fingers. "I think I pitched myself off the Astronomy Tower if I had to continue for another two years," she turned her head."What's that supposed to mean?" Pansy asked."Agree. What the fuck do you mean?" Leevanna looked at him with a frown.No. She couldn't let him do that.She couldn't divagate again in the woods with a knife in her hand and his blood covering her fully. She couldn't look at all those bodies again. She couldn't let the knife touch her hand once more. Not again.If he jumped. She jumped.End of discussion.She refuse to be left alone again. No matter how much she wanted to. She couldn't. And she doesn't want to. Not after the woods."What's wrong Leev, worried about getting out of a boyfriend?" Blaise teased her. She turned her head quickly willing to respond, but Draco held her hips sitting her."Ignore him," he rolled his eyes. "Let's just say I don't think you'll see me, or Leevy, wasting our time in Charms class next year," Blaise laughed. "Amused, Blaise? Let's see just who's laughing in the end.""There is Leev, you're no longer going to run out of a boyfriend," he provoked her again. She lost her patience, he had been bothering her all the damn trip and she wasn't in the fucking mood."What's up today? Pansy and you didn't fuck well?""I said... Ignore him," Draco told her again tightening his grip on her hips. She remained silent."Controlling the little beast," Blaise smirked, Pansy put a hand on his arm asking him to stop. Lhu looked at how her friend tightened her fists on the table. "Good, Malfoy.""Listen to me, you filthy fucking littl—""Leevanna," she gave a small jump when she felt a small blow on her thigh. "Stop teasing her, Blaise. Next time I'm not going to hold her."The dark-skinned raised his hands in surrendering, playfully before Leevanna rolled her eyes and hit fists with him.Leevanna looked up when she heard a sound, then whispered something in Draco's ear making him look up too. Both looked into each other's eyes after.The silent was enough for both of them because the two had seen the same. Something utterly particular on the compartment.But none could hold the eye-contact for a more than five seconds.The memories of what had happened to them reflected on the other's pupils and that make them feel the void again. Revive the memories again and again in a loop.Narcissa couldn't look at them in the eye either. She felt utterly guilty and the main responsible for what had happened. She had looked for them every—fucking—where before going with Severus. She had turned every tiny stone she found and nothing. Nothing until almost one month later when Severus brought them with Apparition. Narcissa, barely she saw them, started crying and crying.Narcissa didn't know where Severus had found them. How had he found them. Who had told him where her precious children were.She didn't care.She just wanted to hold them tight and never let them go from her side again. She would keep them as safe as she could. She couldn't lose them again.Both teenagers were wrapped in dirty blankets and were unconscious. Leevanna seemed to be seated over Draco, clung to him tightly as he wrapped her in a sort of hug or what's how it looked like.Narcissa had taken it upon herself to take them to their room and bathe them completely with the help of Severus. Why was Leevanna covered in blood? They did not know. Why did Draco seem to have been enslaved? They didn't know either.They didn't want to imagine.Narcissa never got her Dark Mark, she would never, so she didn't know about what or how was the initiation. She could remember, though, how was it when her husband received it. The pain. She can remember.Severus, on another note, had a few theories about what could have happened to them. He wasn't quite sure, though. His initiation hadn't left the like that. He couldn't remember all of it, but he definitely hadn't came back how his goddaughter and her husband had done.While the two were being cleaned and changed, adult hands counted the number of internal and external injuries to both adolescents. They had almost the same amounts.Draco had some broken ribs and partially dislocated wrists as well as his shoulders. His head had a slight bruise on the sides of it. His throat was almost ruined. There was some internal bleeding, but nothing too serious.On the other hand, Leevanna had an open wound on her head that had been getting infected. She had semi-dislocated ankles as well as her wrists. There were not so serious scratches on her face as well as on the palms of her hands. Some broken ribs and internal bleeding, again, not so bad.What was worrying was the dehydration and malnutrition that both had. They were both as white as paper, and the dark circles were deep.  Leevanna's nails were brittle as was her hair, Draco's was the same. Their bodies were even thinner than before. Both had bruises all over their bodies.They had been unconscious for two days. Two days in which Narcissa and Severus brought in the best Healers to heal them as quickly as possible.On the other side, was the mental health of both. Completely destroyed. For the two equally.Leevanna had been the first to wake up from her little coma. Her screams had awakened Draco, who, being in another room, had almost broken the door of both of them to go and comfort his precious and damaged little girl.He had started crying and shaking as he held her tightly and she clung to him as if her life depended on it. Her sobs and screams had drowned out on Draco's shoulder and he had pressed his forehead against her head as everything he had been forced to see came to his mind.Little thing their guardians didn't know was that Draco was also having nightmares and waking up in the middle of the night in total panic. Leevanna was the only one able to calm him down.Narcissa and Severus didn't know how to approach them. Draco had literally slammed the door in their faces when they both heard Leevanna's screams again and ran up to help her. None of them spoke if it wasn't to each other either.And it was in whispers. Nobody could heard them. Nobody knew what they were talking about.The rest of that week had been insane. They both behaved like two little kids who would run and hide if you tried to talk to them or even touch them. They didn't leave their room for another week. They would not open the door for anyone and the only thing Severus could achieve was to leave the tray of food for both of them on the floor and, after two minutes when he was gone, Draco or Leevanna would open the door, eat, leave the tray out again and lock the door.The only day the two of them finally got out of their room and spoke to more people was the visit to Borgin and Burkes. After that, after having knowledge about the tasks that The Dark Lord had assigned them, they had both returned to their isolation.Narcissa and Severus had given up on both of them. They no longer knew what to do to make them leave the room and take them to a psychiatrist or even let the Psycho Healer approach them. They didn't want to break into whatever they were doing in that room, so they only knocked when the food tray was put down, then they left. Neither of them wanted to force the two teenagers to anything.Whatever they had been through, they didn't want to imagine how horrible it had been for them to be that mentally and physically damaged and hurt.Regarding their relationship, the first time they had sex again was two days after the visit to Borgin and Burkes. Leevanna had accidentally cut her finger and Draco licked and sucked it like a lollipop while they both read. She had liked the sensation his teeth gave her as they slide up her skin and then nipped a bit before the tip of his tongue wiped away the blood that came out of her yolk so much that she had let out a softly purr from her lips and he had looked at her before taking off her clothes to give her pleasure.Draco had started to shed tears when his body reached orgasm. The memories didn't leave him alone for a single fucking second.She had kissed the salty little paths and then placed a kiss on his lips as she stroked his hair. She sat on him, his head buried on her chest and his arms wrapping her tightly.They fought pretty often and the things they said were pretty nasty too. All of the fights ended in both of them crying and wrapping each other.None dared to talk about what they had been though. Not with each other even. They couldn't.So both still thought The Dark Lord had helped them.False. All false. Cruel, vile lies.In that regard, Leevanna had become something similar of Voldemort's second right hand as he had become fascinated by her skill in attacking chess tactics, which also seemed to help in war. Draco, on the other hand, followed her footsteps very closely."You two come?" Lhu asked standing up once they arrived at Hogwarts after the seven hour trip."You guys go on," Draco said. "Leevy and I want to check on something," the girl nodded before leaving them alone. Leevanna left a kiss on his neck before she stood up followed by him.She cut her finger once again and looked at him smirking."You love disobeying me, don't you?" She nodded approaching him. "I'll deal with you later. Now wait outside that I'm going to deal with what you said to me," she nodded and left the compartment after taking out her things.Draco walked towards the door behind her and left her sat down on a near seat. Like a little kid waiting for her mummy as she ate candies. He close the door and lowered the blind. all the windows' ones did too."Didn't Mummy ever tell you it was rude to eavesdrop, Potter? Petrificus Totalus!" Harry fell to the ground under the layer of invisibility, which Draco raised. "Oh, yeah... She was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin," he stepped on her face with his shoe breaking his nose. "That's for my father. Enjoy your ride back to London."When he left the compartment, she left a kiss on his lips and then both left the train to get to the feast on time.She was slightly ahead of him. His hand circling her waist and resting on her abdomen as they both walked. He, being almost thirty centimetres taller, scared a bit at whoever who passed close them. She looked so submissive and sweet for a guy like him.If only they knew what happens behind doors between yells and tears, and what crossed her mind every day, she wouldn't look so innocent."What's this cane here then?" Argus Flich asked Malfoy when they arrived at the castle."It's not a cane, you cretin... It's a walking stick," he responded hostility by taking the object rudely."And what exactly will you be doing with all... be construed as an offensive weapon.""It's alright, Mr Filch... I can vouch for Mr Malfoy and Mis Vaughan," Snape said, appearing out of nowhere and taking his goddaughter shoulders to prevent her from raging against the man."Nice face, Potter," said Draco.Leevanna laughed supporting an arm on Draco's shoulder before saying something in his ear that made him laugh.Definitely, both had changed.

Draco whispered in Leevanna's ear making her chuckle, then Leevanna whispered in Draco's ear making him giggle.Lhu frowned taking a tablespoon of food to her mouth. They hadn't contacted her almost all summer, the only two letters she received were sent two weeks ago and didn't say anything too important and were confusing, like: 'Dead parents, more sweets. Anyways, we should go to Canada.'"What's up with you two?" They stopped doing it immediately and continued to eat.The bad habit both had acquired. They whispered in every situation, no mattered if it was in front of people."Nothing," both responded at a time."How's your triple relationship going?" Leevanna asked her best friend changing the subject."I went to Paris every night," she laughed taking some of her drink making the green-eyed laugh. "Before I forget," she said, leaving her glass on the side and taking something out of her robes. "Lee sends this for your birthday," she said handing her a red velvet box. "George and Fred want to give you their gift when they come."Leevanna turned her head towards Draco, seeing him smile grievously against the cup he held before taking it to his mouth. He nodded without Lhu realising it, that was her sign to take the red box.A bracelet.It wasn't extravagant or too simple, it was perfect.The gold chain was thin and had small suns of the same material. A small bright spot was in the middle of each little pendant. "Why do you prefer the night?" Lee asked.

"In the night you can see the stars," she replied sighing. The stars made her think of Draco.

"The sun is a star, the biggest," she giggled at his comment. "You're like the sun." "Tell him thank you," she said, closing the box fast and smiling. She glanced at Draco, he wasn't happy. "Did I get to show you my ring, Lhu?" she tried to change the subject again."The one you used to get married behind my back?" She said playfully with a raised eyebrow, then denied. Leevanna extended her hand under the watchful gaze of the blue-eyed. "Awe, it's utterly gorgeous. Enough, I'm going to get jealous," she said laughing while the girl took out her hand. The green-eyed glanced at him again.Nope, he was definitely not happy.After dinner, both went to their room in silence. Leevanna no longer slept with Lhu in her dorm since last year, but she still had several of her things there in case of any kind of emergency.When Draco locked the door, she gave a slight jump barely visible. The room was dark and only illuminated by the little light filtered through the window, so he also turned on the lights. She dedicated herself to look at how he took out his robes, she did the same in silence.Was he angry? She didn't know. If he had told her to not take the box, she wouldn't have done it, but he told her yes, then—"I'm talking to you," she came back to reality listening to Draco's deep voice."Huh? Wha-What were you saying?" She said approaching him after leaving her tie on the table and taking out her shoes. He denied with his head. "I'm sorry, I was thinking about something.""In Jordan's stupid gift?" His voice came out bitter and sarcastic while he took off his tie."What? No, no," she rushed to say."You face lighted up when Lhu mentioned his name," his smile was sarcastic. "Tell me, Leevanna... Are you still thinking about that kiss?""No! Draco, no," she said quickly. "What do I have to do to make you forget that? That kiss didn't mean anything, I only want you.""Say it," he demanded making her frown softly. "Say you're only mine."And the images of her being raped and Crucio'd came into his mind like flashes. Like punishments."I'm yours," she responded feeling his eyes penetrating hers as he approached dangerously to her. The submission in her eyes shined.His veiny hand surrounded her neck pressing his rings against the soft skin of her neck. He gathered their lips abruptly putting a hand on her waist, pulling her closer.She melted at his touch."Say it again," he said against the skin of her neck while leaving kisses and biting her skin."I'm yours," she answered once more closing her eyes while he kissed her. When she brought her hands to his shirt to start to unbutton it, he took her wrists with one hand and stopped her movement."I still haven't forgotten about the train," he whispered in her ear dangerously before kissing down her jawline grabbing her plump ass causing her to release a little gasp of her lips. "You were a little brat, Leevanna," she nodded melting with his kisses. "Take your clothes off," he said before going to the small minibar in the room and take out a bottle of fire whiskey next to a glass and then unbutton his shirt living it open.She unbuttoned her blouse and let it fall to the ground, then followed with her short skirt and her long black stockings and then finally untied her bralette. All under his vigilant gaze.She was always under his attentive gaze. All the time. For whatever thing she was doing. No matter if what he was doing was important or not. He was always watching her. 

 "Get on the bed," he ordered her and she obeyed. He took the blindfold from the table and placed it on her eyes, then took his two ties and tied her hands separately in the corners of the headboard. He drank the last of the alcohol and stood in front of the bed. "What am I going to do with you? Tell me, Leevanna, what do I do with you?"She gulped."Punish me," she replied before biting her lower lip."And why is that?""Because I made you angry," she tightened her legs feeling his fingers tracing the skin of her abdomen.He ran his fingers through his silver blond hair before sliding her underwear down her legs slowly listening to her gasp for air. The images kept reproducing in his mind like a loop. But he couldn't stop touching her.He positioned himself on top of her, leaving his knees by the side of her hips and surrounded her neck with his hand to start leaving kisses down her jawline and neck leaving purple marks. She tightened her hands arching her back a little and looking for his lips, but he walked away from her making her growl softly.He separated her thighs once again, positioning himself in the middle of these. "LEAVE HER ALONE! DO NOT — LEEVY!" He took off his belt and held it in his right hand. She was screaming for the man to stop. The curse inflicted in her body made her hips buck unconsciously and uncontrollably against the man's, who seemed to be enjoying the feeling. He passed black leather through her soft and tender skin causing her to moan.She squirmed in bed whiting when he gave the first blow on her belly's skin. Merlin, how much she loved him to do that.Draco hit one of her breasts leaving a red mark on it. She bit down her lip enjoying the pain. It was similar to a tingle, numbing that part for a second and sending nervous currents all her body.He threw his belt on the floor and took her hips pulling her abruptly down pinking the cloth of his pants against her pussy. She moaned when she felt his erection rub against her heat. The blond left kisses on her neck and went down to her breasts. He passed his tongue around her nipple, which was erected into touch. He gently nipped the skin of her breasts massaging them with his hands.He ran his right hand through her abdomen and belly until he reached her pussy where he hit making her moan loudly arching her back.He made his way with two of his fingers looking for her clitoris. She was already completely wet.The memories kept reproducing again and again in his mind. Punishing him for what he was doing. The pain he was infringing on her just because yes. Because those stupid kinks both had with each other. "Do not dare to touch her! LEEVANNA!"

She keep screaming, imploring and twisting due the pain inside her. "You are mine, do you understand?" he said under his breath."Ye-Yes..."He started making slow circles on her clit listening to her moans, then accelerated his movement by making a straight line. Her breathing was out of control feeling how he went faster and faster. He returned to slow movements by watching her tighten her fists while she cried. He interspersed quickly to slowly and vice versa several times. He couldn't look at her, how she squirmed and yelled. Her sobs echoing all the place. "You are fucking mine," he growled under his breath. "Mine."She gasped, squirmed and arched her back wanting more and more.He was torturing her in the best way.Draco hated thinking about the kiss Lee had given to his beautiful Leevanna. He hated thinking that his lips had even pinked her.And now he gave her a fucking bracelet.And the memories kept reproducing in his mind. Because he is punishing her for something she cannot control. And he is enjoying punishing her. Something inside him twists.He sank two fingers inside her wet entrance without warning, making her wail high while she arched her back. He put them in and took them out a couple of times seeing her twist with pleasure.He knew that no one was going to make her feel how he did, that no one was going to touch her or kiss her as he did. She belonged to him. "PLE—ASE, STO—OH—OP..." she screamed crying.

And Draco had to shut his eyes tightly as he cried and heard her imploring. "Fuck..." She cried twisting in the bed before arch her back feeling him going faster and deeper. Her fluids soaking his fingers.He took her fingers quickly and put them in her mouth feeling how she nipped them, gasping against them and wanting more. He passed his thumb through her soft pink lips and slid it through her lower lip.Leevanna was desperate. She needed to move something other than her damn legs. He wasn't kissing her and to put the cherry on top of the cake, he had left her half orgasm.She hated when he did that. But she loved it at the same time.She had become quite bipolar recently.Draco came down from the bed and lowered his pants before caressing one of the green-eyed's thighs and then started kissing it. His teeth bite down the tender skin of her inner thigh sucking it roughly and that made her moan even higher.Leevanna was swimming in a sea full of lust and pleasure.As he pulled away, he moved onto the next thigh leaving purple marks on her skin. Her back was arching more and more as she moaned and jerked.He smirked as he got back up from her body."Fuck, please Draco...," she cried tightening her hands feeling how he rubbed his tip against her pulsating clit."Beg," he demanded."Please, Draco... Please fuck me," she whimpered arching her back. She was at the limit.Draco lined up against her soaked entrance and from there, he slowly entered her wet and warm pussy.He shuddered at the warmth and tightness of her body.The memories haunting him. Causing his brain to make even more questions about it. Questions he doesn't know how to respond. Or maybe he doesn't want to respond.He supported one of his hands on the head of the bed entering deeper into her until he was completely inside her.The fabric of his shirt tickled her sides of the abdomen, causing her to squirm and arch her back.Draco's hips started bucking. He didn't give a fuck if she was in pain or needed to adjust at his size. He was punishing her. The red spider webs tarted knitting themselves all over the white of his eyes making a burning sensation to appear.She pressed his hips with her legs in order to ask for more from him. She didn't care about the pain either.He lifted both her legs to his shoulders making her arch her back thrusting deeper into her.His hips bucking harder with her ass while he fucked her mercilessly. His eyes started pooling with tears.A few seconds later, her legs began to tremble and he lowered them feeling her knees pressing his hips again. He climbed up the bed resting his abdomen on hers.He lowered his head and bite down the skin of her shoulder before removing the blindfold from her eyes, finding her gaze. Both were breathing heavily."Do you love me?" He panted looking her in the eye."Yes — yes, I love you... Fuck," she moaned by arching her back feeling the orgasm already built inside her."Then why — do you— always disobey me?" He panted against her lips. Between each word a thrust made an appearance."Because — I can," she breathed looking at him with a smile that he imitated before re-backing his left hand into the headboard and pounded her mercilessly while she arched her back.Leevanna was on the edge; soon she could feel that her walls were tightening around his throbbing dick and her legs trembling. She could feel the pressure down there to rose up her chest and taking away her air for a millisecond.Draco pulled the two ties on the side, freeing Leevanna's arms, she nailed his arms scratching his skin.The tears remained dry over the skin of his cheeks as the memories kept reproducing themselves over and over again.It was his punishment.Draco immediately got up and took her hips roughly, lifting her a little. He soon immersed himself completely in her again holding her hard while he fucked her mercilessly. Leevanna would buck her hips against his, fucking him back while grabbing the sheets hard.She soon unravelled, wailing at the top of her lungs; the volcano inside her exploded along with thousands of fireworks. Her body shook, her back arching over and over while she wailed loudly.He pounded her harder, faster and mercilessly. He was also reaching his limit."Fucking — god—..." she moaned closing her eyes overflowing with her own cum feeling him going harder, she asked him to go faster...He plunged deeper into her as she let a wail escape from her blood-rushed lips. She kept screaming, crying and begging. The man didn't listen to her. Draco was doing it. He could hear every part of her throat tearing apart and the agonising vibration of her vocal chords. And he came inside her, his thick cum filling her interior.Draco gasped freeing her hips and getting out of her. He approached her leaning on her abdomen with his hands on the sheets supporting him, both chuckled softly before joining their lips.She bit him making him bleed, he did the same thing filling their mouths with the other's blood. A kink that both had. A kink he had started.He gasped against her lips with a fine thread of blood combined with saliva falling on her lips."You should make me angry more often," he giggled gasping while she changed positions getting on top of him."I'll keep that in mind," she replied also giggling and gasping feeling how he gave her a spank and grab her hips roughly. "Second round?" She now was panting raggedly. Her weak sobs leaving her with a tiny thread of air. The man had been tearing her apart on purpose. Down her inner thighs slid the think blood next to threads of white.

And Draco couldn't felt more guilty. ༄ "Are you okay?" Lhu asked laughing seeing how Leevanna leaned her hand on a wall after a few steps."Yes," she laughed carrying her head back and taking air. The soreness in her thighs was killing her slowly and a nauseous sensation had ghosted her oesophagus. "Do you have free period?" She asked starting to walk again not caring at all about the pain."I wish," Lhu sighed passing a hand through her hair. "I have Ancient Runes... Which starts in two minutes. See you later in Potions," she said goodbye leaving a kiss on her cheek and running to bequeath on time.Leevanna leaned on the wall behind her closing her eyes and smiling. She bit her lower lip remembering the night before, her legs hurt like hell, but it was worthy. Merlin, she was definitely going to make him angry more often.Though she had felt bad after.It had been almost at one thirty or so, she had woken up because a light bothered her. When her eyes were completely open, she could saw it was the bathroom's light. She remained on the bed and listened to his weak muffled sobs before he threw up.And she thought that maybe she had done something wrong. Maybe she had hurt him and she hadn't realised it. She had felt beyond guilty and was about to stand up to comfort him, but she closed her eyes quickly when he turned the lights off.He had crouched down in front of her and caress her cheek with delicacy whispering some understandable things before he climbed the bed and attracted her with his arm. His other arm had been her pillow all night.She came out of her thoughts quickly when she felt how her arm was burning. She huffed, avoiding scratching it again.The woods was something she would never be able to forget about. The way she had walked for weeks covered in his blood and with a knife on her hand. All the dead bodies. His dead body.She walked through the corridors at a slow pace observing people. They looked happy.She went to Snape's office thinking that she could bother him a little until her next class began, but he wasn't there and his door was closed.       Great.She missed the twins and Lee too.She had let Lhu make more friends knowing that she wasn't going to be with the girl all the time as well as last years. She didn't want to leave her alone when she left Hogwarts. Though she wouldn't be completely alone. She still had Theodore, Blaise and Pansy.Daphne Greengrass had abandoned Hogwarts next to Astoria. The mother of both had sent them to Beauxbautons, keeping them away from the danger England was. The blonde had left letters to all, saying how much she was going to miss them and loved them. Pansy, for what Lhu had told her, had cried for an entire week when she found out her best friend's situation. And she understood her. If Lhu left her — well, she wouldn't exactly cry for an entire week — but she would be depressive. And being depressive for Leevanna meant want to drown herself and feel guilty.Lhu hadn't received The Dark Mark, even though her parents had it for years now. She didn't know either that Leevanna or Draco had it and the green-eyed girl preferred it that way. She thought she was protecting her, keeping her out of the danger. Leevanna didn't want to let Lhu experience what she had been through all summer months.She sighed starting to walk in the direction of the bathrooms before going to the Potions classroom.Professor Horace Slughorn was a task she had to take care of sooner or later. Severus had warned her the day before. She just had to get him not to give Dumbledore the damn memory.As if that were an easy task.Well, at least it was easier than Draco's. That was the real task.A cabinet that they didn't even know if it was in the fucking Room of Requirement. On top, it had to be repaired throughout the year before the fucking end of the fucking school year.And they also had to... Kill Albus Dumbledore. "Tha-That's i-impossible, no," Leevanna said and frowned confused trying not to let her tears fall and control the pain of her arm.

"You think?" Asked Voldemort looking at her interested. "Don't you think Draco could be able to kill someone?"

"N-No, it isn't that... My Lord," she muttered shaking her head. "I — I just... Albus Dumbledore is well — I do not respect the man, don't get me wrong—"

She was stuttering and the air was becoming scarce in every inhalation.

"I'll do it," Draco said, he was standing behind Leevanna's chair with his hands over her shoulders. "If that takes my father out of Azkaban, I will, My Lord."

"See, Leevanna?" said Voldemort with the shadow of a teasingly smile painting his snake-like looks. "Draco here seems very willing to kill."

"I know, My Lord," she said calming her breathing thanks to the imperceptible massages the blond was giving her. "I know he is capable to do everything." She splashed water on her face and supported her hands on the sink looking herself in the mirror for a moment.She looked dreadful.Her skin was unhealthy pale and the deep red circles around her eyes seemed to make fun of her. The contusion on the side of her head was almost faded away and it didn't hurt anymore. The scratches were just memories.Draco looked the same. Deathly ill and with the bruises all over his body already becoming just memories."Hello, Myrtle," she greeted with a closed-mouth smile watching the ghost spy on her from one of the cubicles. "Long time not seeing you.""Leevy," the ghost rejoiced heading toward her as quickly as she could staying on her side. "It's a very gorgeous ring," she said, seeing the girls hand with fascination. "Draco gave it to you?""Yes," she answered also seeing the jewel. "He has one that matches.""You two got married?" She asked excited with a smile."Something like that," she responded sighing and smiling."It hurts a lot?" Leevanna looked at her, she referred to the mark on her arm. She'd had to roll up her sleeve and take out the gauze because she felt on fire."I'll end up getting used to it," she smiled kindly before shaking her hands removing the water and lowering her sleeve. "Well... See you later, Myrtle," she said goodbye leaving the bathroom.Leevanna sighed, Myrtle had helped her a lot in recent years and was the only person to whom she could trust the mark's secret. After all, she was dead and the Death Eaters wouldn't go after her.Draco thought the same thing.They always thought the same things.She returned to her initial path knowing that it was only ten minutes away from starting her class with Slughorn.When she arrived in the classroom, she began to cough immediately."Good morning, professor," Leevanna greeted and the man smiled at her. "Merlin's beard, couldn't you wear a little more perfume?" She asked arriving next to Draco after grabbing a book from the closet."Me? Are you the one who has three litres on top, you bathed with it or what?" He said the same way rolling his eyes.Some students in the classroom had turned over to them to see."I didn't even put on perfume today," she rolled her eyes."Me neither," both looked at each other with narrowed eyes. Lhu, next to them, laughed."You know what potion is that?" She asked them playfully crossing her arms after pointing a cauldron, they denied. "Huh, wait and you'll see."And while Slughorn gave a brief introduction to the class and both teenagers fought in a low tone, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley arrived into the classroom."Harry, my boy, I've been beginning to worry. You brought someone with us, I see," he said happy pointing to the redhead."Ron Weasley, sir," Ron said. "But I'm dead awful at Potions. It's a little, actually so. I'm probably just gonna—""Nonsense, we'll sort you out."And while the professor and the boy kept talking, Leevanna and Draco were still discussing."Listen to me, you're not—""You want to keep being alive?" she asked un a whisper between teeth. "You want to take out your father out of Azkaban?""Yes, I want to," he looked at her with a clenched jaw. "But I'm not going to do it if that means putting you at risk.""I'm not at—" she rolled her eyes when he raised an eyebrow. Nagini had developed a particular interest of sliding around Leevanna. "She's not going to eat me.""You're not doing it, out of discussion, yeah?"She was about to open her mouth to respond, but Slughorn made them both pay attention."Now as I was saying, I prepared some concoctions this morning. Any ideas, what these might be? Yes, Miss...?"Granger, sir," said Hermione. "That one there is Veritaserum. It's a truth-telling serum. And that would be Polyjuice Potion. It's terribly tricky to make. This is Amortentia... The most powerful love potion in the world. It's rumoured to smell differently to each person according to what attracts them. For example, I smell... Freshly mown grass and new parchment and..." she gasped lightly. "...Lemon balm.""That's correct Miss Granger," he giggled. "And I think Mis Vaughan and Mr Malfoy guessed it first," both looked at each other and shot their eyes. "Now, Amortentia doesn't create actual love. That would be impossible, but it does cause powerful infatuation or obsession. And for that reason, it is probably the most dangerous potion in this room.""I reckon you used Amortentia on me, that's not fair," whispered Draco in Leevanna's ear making her turn her head to look at him with a playful smile."Sir, you haven't told us what's in that one," a girl from Gryffindor said."Oh yes. What you see before you, ladies and gentlemen is a curious little potion, known as Felix Felicis. But it is more commonly known referred to as—""Liquid luck," said Leevanna.Draco, who had been looking at her, turned his head to see the vial the professor was holding."That's correct, Mis Vaughan," Slughorn smiled. "I was beginning to worry with you don't answering any questions.""Beg you pardon, professor," she smiled. "I was a little bit distracted, won't happen again."The man nodded still smiling before turning back to his students."So this is what I offer each of you today," he continued. "One tiny vial of liquid luck to the student who in the hour that remains, manages to brew an acceptable Draught of Living Dead. Recipes for which can be found on page 10 of your books. Issue one doubt, however," Leevanna quickly opened her book while wondering where she had seen the cover before. "Only one set of student manage to brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this prize. Nevertheless, good luck to you all. Let the brewing commence."The green-eyed girl thought and thought while taking out her materials, she knew the recipe for memory, only that she had never done the potion itself. But — wait — she remembers, second year in that same classroom in the middle of the night. She had prepared the potion, just that it had exploded the first time before it came out perfect. Draco was with her.Her gaze deviated accidentally to Harry Potter's site and that worn and fragile binding she had seen in her second year at Hogwarts caught her attention.       Fucking motherfucker... thought for herself placing a hand on her forehead.She denied with her head and looked for the memories she had in her brain about the potion.Her view was diverted to Draco, who was cutting the Sopophorus bean quite calmly. She focussed on his hands...       No time Leevanna, concentrate.The girl prepared the potion as fast as she could, Severus had given her that book for something and now she knew why, he knew that at some point she would need it. She was doing it now. How she couldn't remember the name before? Salazar's sake she felt an imbecile.If she could help Draco in any way she could, she was going to do it. She won't hesitate.Their lives were at risk.And she couldn't go back to the woods."Fi— ... —nish..." she huffed seeing how Slughorn had already found the perfect potion a few seconds ago. She tightened her fists digging her nails into the palms of her hands feeling how they started entering her hand. She felt the hate-filled tears make weight in her eyes."Are you okay?" Draco asked her once they had left the classroom, he was also disappointed with himself for not finishing on time. She couldn't look him in the eye. "It's just a potion, Leev, I'm sure—""No! It is not just a fucking potion," she interrupted turning to look at him. "That potion could make everything easier for you and I-I—... I didn't finish it on time," she didn't realise that tears had started to fell on her cheeks.She left quickly as she cleaned her tears roughly and heading to the bathroom.

"Draco... Draco, wake up..."

She had killed him. How could she?! She was drowning.Slowly.Letting the spiral of despair take all over her and infect her with its black smoke.The images of the woods came to her mind as painful flashes that thorn her mind apart. The monster's nails digging in her brain as if it were a lump of soft modelling clay. Its whip-like tentacles slamming onto her over and over.The dark hole in the woods. The darkness that seemed to never stop. Calling her. Whispering her name as a breeze. Making her ears hear things.Then the words of her father saying all those things before he — 

"You're useless," he said growling before hitting her again. She sobbed. And she had to close her eyes feeling her head become even heavier. "You can't do anything — fucking — right!" between each word the leather made contact with her skin. Her father was right. She was useless.A know-it-all? Let her laugh. She was completely ineffectiveness, meaningless and worthless. Her father was right.How a fucking orphan could have that book? How the fuck he had been successful in brewing the fucking potion faster than her? She was a Potions' Mistress, for Salazar's fucking sake! Severus had raised her to be fucking perfect! And she couldn't brew a fucking potion faster than a fucking orphan! "You... Are... Nothing," said Nicholas before slapping her. She was nothing. A fucking zero to the fucking left. Nothing.She deserves to be punished. She knows. She deserves everything that has happened to her. It is all her fucking fault.The woods. Aly. Her nightmares. Draco's Dark Mark. Her almost rape. All her fault.The door makes a deep sound when it slammed and all the things in the room trembled imperceptibly. Her robes fall from her hand and make contact with the floor. She starts hyperventilating. Her lungs seemed to be out of her body. Taking vacations in Merlin knows where.She starts crying and running out of the last and tiny thread of air she had. Crying like the fucking crybaby she is. The idiot, stupid cunt she is. The flies are everywhere. Dancing with each other over the decomposing bodies. The larvae eating their remains with enthusiasm while the crows' peck. Aly's head turns to her direction due to the weak breeze. Her blood-shotted eyes looking at her. She growls at the burning sensation her arm starts sending all her body. A drowned and strangled scream dances out her lips as a cruel chill makes appearance down her spine. Like a bolt of lightning.Monsters. Clawing around her intestines, twisting them and climbing expertly up her oesophagus and tightening her throat. Folding her spirit into itself. Utterly destroy every possible inch of her being. Cheering up and constantly titillating in celebration when a cry left the doors of her breath.Haunting her with past actions-actions that she knows are completely her fault.Her piercing cry echoes throughout the room, bouncing off of the stone walls and continuously ringing in her ears. The pain her arm causes is unbearable. She cannot hold it anymore.She stumbles awkwardly in a vague attempt to lean on the edge of the desk. She falls to her knees accidentally pushing one of the small vases that were on top of it with her trembling hand. The high-pitched sound of it makes her close her eyes when it reaches her ears just like a bell announcing mass. Her head seems to throb with pain and her vision is clouded with a black sheet.She is barely breathing. She can't do it.A gasp of shock and pain vibrates her vocal cords as her hands slide across her glass inadvertently to her when she tried to stand up.The scarlet blood caressing the delicate petals of the flowers and the edges of the pieces of glass, leaving soft brushes on both until small drops became one with the spilt water       Do it.A weak gasp left her lips. The whisper in her head had felt like the wood's breeze.Her eyes closed shut when the mark began to burn again. Setting her body on fire.       Do. It.And the voice doesn't need to say it three times.She yanks the fragment out of its spot in the drain and hovers it above the mark on her arm, the mark that is dancing with keenness and enthrallment. And she is fascinated by it. She stares with her mesmerising green iris.Slowly, in order to savour the pain how she has done it before, she presses the corner of the glass into her arm, sweeping the glass horizontally right over the mouth of the skull until it reaches the snake's jaws. It isn't deep, it is like a brush over her pale skin.Aesthetically. It looks beautiful. For her, it does.She cries out lowly at the sharp pain, inspecting her beautiful scarlet blood as it seeps out of her pale skin and drips down her arm towards her wrist, tinged with her throbbing blue and purple veins. The familiar discomfort only lasts for a second. When it decreases, she has the urge to scratch her arm.The piece of glass falls from her hand and her black coloured and long nails stain with drops of herself as they sweep over the line she made before. Over and over again. She keeps crying.When the voice of the monster leaves her mind, her nails finally stop their job. She doesn't know how long she had been scratching. She sobs and tries to catch all the air she can when her lungs return from their paradisiac vacations. More sobs leaving her blood-rushed lips. She is trembling.Soft and weak gasps and breaths made appearance ten long minutes after her loud crying. Her vision keeps being blurred.Her body takes out strength from only Salazar knows where and she marches to the bed, her arms dripping with dark blood, leaving small droplets of herself on the wooden floor, staining the room with every step she takes.Her body falls on the red sheets with the softness and delicacy of a feather. Her arm is outstretched and the other rests beside its twin. The vision of her is lost between the door in front of her and the edge tulle that hangs down the canopy of the bed.Leevanna didn't attend classes the rest of the day or assist to lunch.She hadn't cried, she hadn't yelled, she hadn't done anything after cutting herself and then scratching. Under her pale arm was a big ocean of her now dry blood. She didn't know exactly how to control that part of her that made her do impulsive things to hurt herself.After almost what seemed two hours she had felt guilty. When she cut, she had betrayed the respect of the — man? — whatever Voldemort was — who had helped her to bring her Draco to life again. To bring everyone back.She was still laying on the bed in their room almost in trance. She was staring at nothing.She knew that potion by heart, she knew the ingredients and the exact amount she should use, how to cut and mix them. How had fucking Potter finished faster than she had? She felt fucking useless.Draco arrived at the room, which was in complete darkness. He turned on the light to see if the girl was asleep, but —"Fuck's sake, Leevanna," he said hurrying to sit in the bed and take her right arm. Her skin was full of scratches and dry traces of blood which slid down her arm. "What have you done, huh? You stupid—""Lay down with me..." she whispered closing her eyes and pulling his hand. The scratches on her palm made her upper teeth press against the lower ones."No, I'm not, I need to heal you," he growled lowly before trying to lift her."Draco..." and her voice broke. He turned to look at her. "Lay down with me...""Leevy, I — I cannot — I'm not going to let you die for your stupidity," he felt the tears burning his eyes."I'm stupid, you're right..." her voice was weak. "I am fucking stupid..." she is barely conscious and sobbing. "That's why all were dead... In the forest...""What forest? Leevanna — what the fuck are you saying—" Draco shook his head and took her by the waist to carry her. "Come, let's go to the bathroom," he sighed belting his hand beneath and making he legs encircle his waist.He sat on the toilet and sat her on his lap taking a small towel to wet it in the water while she leaned her head on his shoulder. She was still shedding tears. When he finished cleaning her pale arm, he avoided looking at the mark on it and hurried to take out his wand to start reciting healing spells. The long scratch starts closing itself and the mark recovers its initial appearance.They had learnt those with Severus a few weeks ago when Draco was the first to start scratching his arm until it started bleeding as he cried. Leevanna had been the second one. And, when both had been forced to leave the room to be healed, Severus had taught them the name of the spells he had used a long time ago after performing them on the teenagers.Leevanna, coming little by little to consciousness, observed him passing the black fabric over the palm of her hands, which wiped away her blood leaving only the fine cuts the glasses had made before using another spell to disappear them totally after."You need to stop doing this," he said leaving the towel in the edge of the sink once he finished healing her, his wand was over the ceramic bathroom vanity. "It's not your fault about the potion Leevy, I should have been the one who made it faster," he sighed. "And do not scare me like that again, for Merlin's sake."She didn't know what to say.Draco leaned his back on the tank while the one with green eyes positioned her legs next to his passing her hands through his hair messing it. She hated not seeing it messy."Forgive me," she whispered closing her eyes with her cheek against his chest. Through her ears leaked the echo of his heartbeat. She needed to listen to it every second. She needed to make sure it wasn't a hallucination and he was really alive."Oh, Leevy..." he whispered caressing her hair before leaving a kiss on her head and press his forehead against her hair. "It's okay... I will take care of you. I will always come to save you."He hadn't looked for her after she left because he knew her and knew she needed some time alone. After lunch, that he didn't eat, he went straight to The Black Lake to see if she was there. When he didn't found any trace that she had been there, he went to the library and inspected every single foreign corner. Finally, almost two hours after and feeling the anxiety and fear taking all over his body, he arrived at their dorm and successfully found her.He wouldn't leave her alone again. Not after what she had done hours earlier. Not after the deep hole. He would put her a tracker or something if it was necessary.That year was lighter when it came to school staff. Thanks to when students finish their O.W.L.S exams they have the freedom to continue or not the classes for which they have obtained enough grades, they didn't have classes most of the time.Draco and Leevanna were noted students, almost first place just because of laziness and internal problems, so they had got enough grades in all subjects. Because just becoming Death Eaters, they were relieved for that. Potions, Defence Against the Dark Arts and Arithmancy were the only ones they had. They were planning to leave the last one though.And, uniforms being compulsory only during class time, that is, since both had plenty of free time, both were free to wear regular clothes in the hallways. Leevanna was the happiest about it and had made Draco buy her almost all Twilfitt and Tattings. He, playfully rolling his eyes, had fulfilled every one of her whims. As always.All to see her happy.His hand stroked her back while the other stroked her hair. His head leaned against the wall and his eyes closed."Are you okay?" She asked lowly. She was completely conscious now. Her arm still hurt a bit, it was a tingle that was already fading away."Tired," he sighed. The ghost of the chains was still there. The memories and sensations of his wrists pulling them as he yelled and cried were still there. So, yeah, he was mentally and physically tired."Does it hurt?""Sometimes," he responded by holding her hips. He whispered in her ear making her chuckle softly. She loved when he whispered things to her. She could feel his breath. She knew that way he was alive."You're very, very tired or...?" She ran a finger over his shirt making him giggle softly."Is that a suggestion or...?" He responded by raising an eyebrow playfully."Maybe..." she muttered before starting to leave small kisses down his neck and untying his robes.He lifts the bottom of her tie, then starts to twist it around his hand. "Come here," he yanks, and her hands splaying out over his chest. "You... " He doesn't let go of her tie. He tangles it tighter around his knuckles, using it to pull her. "...Drive me bloody mental."Her breath hitches.His chin slides into the space between her throat and collarbone, his hot breath making her eyes close."That's my favourite job," she breathes. His low laugh sends tremors through her and she makes a little noise she is familiar with and has missed. He's right below her ear and her hips are modelled against his. Her nerve endings are now raw and exposed. She has been having a major sexual appetite recently and the things he does aren't helping."And you're pretty good at it," he whispers against the shell of her ear, and she can't help but buck against him. She the rational thoughts escaping. His tongue starts darting out to trace her earlobe, then sliding up along the arch of the cartilage."Yeah?" She hisses out another breath. Hands grasping at the fabric, trying desperately to reach the skin beneath."Mm," he hums as he suckles her earlobe. The familiar and delicious pulse in her abdomen triples. The aching emptiness she has missed and needs every day is increasing. His tongue's tip tracing up her neck before suckling her earlobe once more.She gasps, because he's released her tie, and his hand now snakes up along the curve of her shoulder. Creeps around to the side of her neck, pressing his rings against her skin, his fingers delve into her curls. Thumb making her chin raise roughly.His other hand have travelled low to toy with the hem of her skirt. He looks at her in the eye for one second. Their lips brushing and mouths semi-open. One of her hands leaves his chest and tangles it tightly around her knuckles wanting to feel more. Ridiculous amounts of more and more. Breaths becoming more elaborated.His tongue caresses her lower lip before joining their lips passionately. Tongues playing along and brushing each other, dancing with synchronisation. Lips hugging and pressing one another. He gives a filthy lick and his hand presses more the tender skin of her neck. She starts untying the knot of his tie with her hand.Their eyelashes caressing and dancing. Her teeth caught his lower lip and pulled it a bit before nipping roughly. The pressure decreases and becomes softer, catching more of his flesh and biting it in the path. She let escape a soft and breathy gasp when the scarlet, thick liquid invaded her mouth. His teeth now catch her lower lip, leaving little brushes of himself on her skin before pulling her lip and nipping it the same way she had done.She quickly but awkwardly unbuttoned his shirt, desperate to feel the hard, cold skin of his chest against her hands. She slides them down his chest and reaches his abdomen to start taking out the shirt if his dress pants. He leaves her neck without stopping the kiss and unties her tie, unbuttoning her blouse in the next movement. His hands took her waist and attracted her more to him before starting to take her blouse out of her skirt and push it back until it collided with the floor. Her skin growing warm.His large, big hands caressed her waist, climbing her back and then sliding down. His lips are seeking something different, something new and his kisses are directed to her neck, wet ones. Red marks painting her as if he was an artist while his hands untied her white lace bralette. His teeth nip the skin of her neck before sucking and pressing his lips. His tongue is tracing the veins in her neck, sweeping up and down where they run thick with blood and pausing every now and then so that he can warm the skin with his lips. She feels more red marks painting her. From her blood-rushed lips escaped a knee purr and she carried back her head. Once his hands had taken out her bralette, he went down to her breasts, leaving more wet and hungry kisses on them.He stares at her naked chest until she feels so much heat building in her cheeks. She knows he loves to look at her body. And he says, "Fucking hell, I love you."Her cheeks glow redder and her body is as warm as hell.His tongue glides over the space between her breasts and traces around one of them. A soft groan leaves her lips. His lips start kissing her breast leaving a wet and hungry path. He adjusts his course, mouth closing over her left nipple. He held one with his hand and passed his tongue around her nipple. He bit her skin until he left dark bruises on her breasts.She joined their lips again, starting to make circular motions with her pelvis feeling how the erection under his pants began to grow inside of the fabric rubbing the combination of nerves that's itching.A groan leaves his throat and his hand serpents up along her shoulder again, creeping around the back of her neck and devs into her curls. Making a tight fist before joining their lips again in a possessive and rough dance between bites and presses. One of his hands enters under her skirt and underwear in once. His fingers find the ocean she has down there and start soaking wet.He began to stroke her clit linearly and quickly, listening to her groaning on his lips. Her hips bucking slightly and softly."God..." she moaned by carrying her head back and arching her back feeling how he sank his middle and ring fingers into her wet entrance. She loved when he caught her out of guard.His fingers went deep into her while he continued to make circles on her clit quickly with his thumb.She moaned against his lips while he surrounded her neck with his hand pressing his cold silver rings on her tender skin. Her hands, moving of their own accord, find his belt buckle."You seem to be wanting something, Leevanna," he says. Taunts. His fingers' yolks nudging her limit over and over again, coming out and it. Thumb finding the swollen combination of nerves and making her gasp and nod. She yanks at his buckle, and his hips collide with hers making his finger stop its movements for a second. "Yeah?" She nods again searching for his lips and his gingers continue his thrusts once again. "What is it?"The teasing lilt in his voice makes way for a sort of groan merged with a growl, and she bites down on her lip as the hard outline of him presses against her thigh through her skirt.She manages to unfasten his buckle — tears the belt out from around his waist and hears it clink against the floor when she tosses it aside."What is it, Leevanna?" He asks again and his hand presses more around her neck, bringing his lips in close — so close, but not — close enough. Ghosting them over hers. Forcing a whimper out of her throat. He looks at her under his eyelashes and then at her lips again. His fingers keep thrusting. Nudging something and making her groan against his flesh. He takes her chin in hand and squeezes tight, tilting her head up towards him. "Tell me what you want."She is melting.Suffocated by the incendiary sensation and craving inside her. Encouraged by her sexual appetite, she allows her hand brush over the front of his trousers and lowers the zipper once she unbuttoned them. She's rewarded by the searing flash in his blue-grey iris. Predatory eyes. Looking at her as a wolf stares at a white, tender bunny."Verbally, little girl," and his tongue trace up to her neck again. Her head falls backwards and her eyes close shut when his hand surrounds her neck again. Breathing hitching more and his fingers accelerating their pace. His lips brush against hers again."Please," she whispers, moaning and nipping at him. Pushing against his grip, unable to kiss him fully. Her hands splayed out over his chest again. His eyebrows jolt up, almost like challenging her, and he nuzzled his nose against hers.He drags his tongue up along hers, wet and filthy. Her hands are shaking."Please, what?" He says into her mouth, his fingers still thrusting her. A moan leaves her lips and her eyes close again. "What do you want me to do?"She can't help a muffled little shriek."Please," she begs again, "Draco...""Mm-mm...no, little girl." He shakes his head against the kiss she tries to give and a current takes over her at the sound of the nickname he has for her in his lips. "Saying my name isn't enough this time," another little shriek leaves her lips. "I want you to tell me. Tell me what you want me to do to you."Her cheeks are stained red, and it must be the way his erection collides with her inner thigh that makes her body shiver and she feels her interiors tightening. "I... I want...""Come on, you have said it before," he gives her tongue another filthy lick. Lips pressing each other and teeth nipping.And the orgasm is about to explode.   "I want you to fuck me," she moans, her head falls backwards.He took out his fingers making her moan loudly once again. She feels his hand fist in her white lace underwear. "Fucking—" He yanks them. "—finally," rips them.He took her hips and lifted her a little to sat her well after she took a deep breath and he aligned at her entrance.Leevanna supported one of her hands on the wall behind his head by closing her eyes and whimpering while sitting slowly. She had forgotten what it was like to have sex sitting with a size like his, they didn't do it in that position for months. Since Austria.It was very painful.She opened her eyes suddenly when she felt him completely inside her."Please — ah..." she whimpers. He is not moving yet. Their foreheads are pressed. Eyes closed. That throb deep inside her stills needs attendance.She tangled her fingers in his blond hair pulling it a little while she began to move slowly and circular to get used to it. His grip on her neck became stronger."Fuck — you are — so tight," he said against her lips by setting his hands on her waist to guide her movements. Starts to guide her hips to move, to invite him in, expel him out over and over."Fuck," she cried by closing her eyes again tightly, leaning a hand on the wall. "God — Draco..." She opened her eyes blinking repeatedly feeling little tears in her eyes.The black and dry rivers her mascara and eyeliner had left hours ago are now moving again.Ragged and strangled whimpers leave her mouth and her head presses more his.And Draco couldn't help but close his eyes when his mind started touring him. The memories of her begs and supplications filled with pain. Her screams and tears tearing her apart. He can hear her. He can see her.His mind is his worst enemy. The secrets he has been keeping for himself under seven locks are his sworn enemy. The monsters."It hurts?" He asked stopping her movements and seeing the spider webs in her eyes get redder, she denied with her head closing her eyes before joining her lips with his and moaning over them.She keeps moving. Keeps wanting more."Leevy, I'm hurting—""No," she cuts him off quickly and denies with her head. She keeps moving her hips. "Don't stop..." and her voice broke in a loud moan.Knowing that she was lying before, he lifted her while she wrapped her legs around his waist.He couldn't do that to her.He — He was seeing himself as the man who had — God, he couldn't even say it.He took her to the bed and laid her on the red sheets, then he positioned himself between her legs still inside her. She sighed feeling how the pain dropped down considerably.She dragged her head back, leaving it hanging on the edge of the bed while he entered her completely and left kisses through the skin of her chest and neck.He began to pound her slowly and hard, their hips crashed. His hand went to her neck again pressing his rings against her tender and soft skin.She flexed her legs sticking her knees to his waist, wanting more from him. The pain had taken a back seat. She enjoyed feeling the pain."You feel so fucking good," he muttered watching how she arched her back while letting of moans full of pleasure and lust from her blood-rushed lips.She covered her mouth with the back of her hand as he gradually accelerated his movement pounding her deeper.He put her hand away quickly by pinning it to the sheets grabbing her wrist."Don't ever cover your mouth again," he demanded plugin her harder and faster while she tightened her legs. "Never again."Because if she covered her mouth, she couldn't ask for help."Y-Yes..." she moaned carrying her head back and closing her eyes feeling the orgasm being built inside her.Their open mouths barely touched while he panted and she groaned digging her nails into the skin of his arm.Her toes curled and she began to see stars, wailing loudly as he kept fucking her harder and harder. His atavistic grunts were hot against the skin of her lips and she could feel that he was also on the edge.Billions of fireworks detonated inside her while a loud moan escaped from her red lips feeling her body liberated. They were lost in their own world of lust and desire as he pounded her once more before coming inside her and they became a tangled mess of one being.He supported his forehead on her chest panting and feeling how she declined her nails from his arms."I thought — fuck... I thought you were tired," she gasped laughing while he looked up."For you? Never," he laughed before bringing their lips together. ༄ "My love!" Exclaimed George Weasley lifting Lhu by her waist before kissing her lips."She is my love," Fred Weasley said, taking the girl away from his brother and leaving a kiss on her forehead."I'm the love of the two of you," she laughed passing her arms around their waists. "Hi, Lee," she greeted seeing the boy who had his hands inside his pockets."Hey, Lhu," he greeted leaving a kiss on her cheek. "Don't go to a room yet, please," he laughed, referring to the twins."Not yet, we have to give Leevy the gift," both answered."Speaking of Leevy, where is she?" Lee asked looking around him for the girl."Oh, it's supposed to be coming, can you go find her?" Lhu asked him. "Draco is going to join us later," Lee nodded and began walking through the corridor looking for the green-eyed.The corridors were quite empty since it was Saturday and most students were in the gardens enjoying the remaining golden light the sun was giving them. He sighed thinking of the gift he had given Leevanna, would she have liked it?Through his mind passed the memory of her birthday. Lhu'd had to use a sleeping potion on her to finally calm her because she was having a breakdown. Then, when she was asleep, Lhu had beat the shit out of him with yells and everything. Godric's sake, that girl was crazy.Leevanna hadn't remembered anything after, so they had told her she had fainted and that was all. Nobody mentioned anything until she asked if her birthday had already passed, they had said yes and she nodded, then the twins said they had planned a gift for her and that made her smile. The next to days she only slept and Lhu had taken care of her.Ten minutes later, the Gryffindor former student passed a hand through his hair walking by the empty hallway about to give up and turn around to return to his friends because he couldn't find the girl... Until he heard a plea."Stop..." asked a voice that he knew quite well. "Draco...""Tell me a reason," he demanded with a hand leaning on the wall blocking the girl's way while she sighed softly before he started kissing her neck. Lee hid behind a column."They must—... They must be looking for us," her voice broke in a moan while he surrounded her neck with one hand. The blond held her roughly pinning her more to the wall while she squirmed.Lee tightened his fists. He was hurting her... But she seemed to enjoy it."Surely you want me to stop?" He said dangerously tightening his grip on her neck while she let go a moan from her lips."N-No..." she gave up by arching her back while he left kisses down her jawline to then surround his neck with her arms.Lee turned around willing to leave, he had seen enough.He didn't take five steps when he heard the laughter of the twins and Lhu. He huffed."Lee! Did you found — oh, there they are!" Said the curly-haired with a smile letting go of the redheads and addressing her best friend."Redheads!" Leevanna proclaimed excited by letting go of Draco's grip to go and hug them. "I missed you guys," she smiled."And we missed you, Leevy," they said."But if it's my favourite sex machine," Fred said playfully before hitting fists with Draco."Malfoy," Lee said."Jordan," he replied before leaving a kiss on the forehead of the green-eyed one. "Take care," she nodded. "Er — I can't stay, I see you guys later," the twins nodded and he left.Lee turned his sight to Leevanna, no one had seemed to realise her rosy cheeks and messy hair. His eyes stopped on her neck, where she had purple marks hidden by her blouse and... Hand marks."Lee," he came out of his thoughts when he heard George's voice. "We lost you for a second," he laughed."Sorry," Lee smiled. "What were you saying?"And while everyone was talking about what they were going to do those hours that they would be there, Lee couldn't help but think about Leevanna's behaviour. She hadn't jumped to say hello, even when Malfoy left. She had only smiled in his direction and he had smiled back.He noticed that she was wearing the bracelet he had given her. Well, that was something good.He reminded the Leevanna from last year. The one who didn't speak or laugh and just nodded. The one who had horrible nightmares at night for months. The one that didn't eat. The one who cried most of the time.The difference was that this Leevanna does speak and laugh.The green-eyed one turned to look at him.She wondered if he had seen anything she and Draco had done in one of the corridors. She also wondered if he might have misunderstood the situation or thought Draco was hurting her. She hadn't jumped to say hello because — well, the images of the woods had invaded her mind when she saw Lhu hugging the twins.The larvae, the crows, the knife, all of then hung... She had pretended her best smile."You know that my birthday was months ago, right?" She chuckled hugging Fred by the waist while he had an arm surrounding her shoulders. "And you shouldn't give me anything.""We know," both redheads said. They were in the garden. "But you deserved it.""And that's the time it took us to do this," George said by taking out a box wrapped in black paper with a golden bun in the middle of the lid. She took it with both hands because of the size. It wasn't too big, the width was only slightly larger than her two thighs together and the height probably from her elbow to hand as well as the length. Maybe a bit more because she was a goblin, but whatever. She didn't want to think about numbers right now."Come on, open it!" Lhu said with a smile. Leevanna also smiled before taking out the lid and finding lots of coloured paper. She started taking them out until she reached half of the box."We thought that since you weren't going to see us every day and your life was going to be very boring—""Boring? Are you forgetting Malfoy?" George interrupted his twin making the girl laugh."Skipping sex," Fred rolled his eyes before continuing. "—And your life was going to be very boring without us. We decided to give you something so that you can remember all our adventures together.""Thank you guys," she said with eyes full of tears. "It's beautiful."       They are alive, they are fine..."You can also add more if you want," Lee said, speaking to her, directly, for the first time. "Lhu can teach you how to do it.""Thank you, Lee, I will," she told him smiling. "And thank you for being here, all of you."       ...Thank you for being alive.No more than twenty spheres similar to the Remembralls rested in the box, only that these instead of realising red smoke, contained memories from previous years every time you touched one.Hours later Leevanna is yelling."Could you listen to me?!" she screams with tears burning her eyes. It happens always she is angry."Your idea is ludicrous!" a blond boy yells in response. "I am not letting you do that!""There is no other way!" she growls. "I. Have. To! I have to keep you safe! It is my duty! You are mine!""AND YOU ARE MINE!" he roars angrily making her jump slightly. "I decide here! You are my wife! Your safety is my safety!""I do not care about my safety if you get hurt!" she shouts. Tears beginning to fall. "I do not care about my life if you aren't alive!""Listen to me," he says pointing her with his finger and one hand resting on his hip. "You are not converting yourself in the right-hand of the Dark Lord, you are not your father.""And you are not yours either!" she says. "But yet here we are!""You are not doing it!""I am!" she shouts with a broken voice.He runs a hand through his hair with exasperation, "Vaughan," his eyes closed, "listen—""No, you listen," she cuts him off. "You. Are. Mine! I decide your safety!""I FUCKING HATE YOU""I FUCKING HATE YOU, TOO!"Her body slid down the wall of the small room inside the Slytherin common room, heading straight to the floor, where she fell sitting, her arms over her legs with her knees pressed to her chest and her face hidden between her arms while the tears were being shed.She fists her hair and contains her sobs letting them die against the deepest part of her throat.The blond, with slight paths of salty water running down his pale cheeks, hit the wall in front of him with the palm of his hand.The green-eyed raised her gaze, finding four people looking at her.        Wonderful.She moved her hand making the door close furiously and producing a forte noise.Draco took a deep breath with his eyes closed before passing his fingers through his hair once again pushing it backwards and leaving a few strands falling over his eyebrows.He crouched down and sighed, "I love you," he whispers caressing her cheek with his fingers.She looks up throwing her hands around his neck to keep him close, "If something happens to you I will die, Draco...""I promise you," he murmurs belting a hand beneath her to lift her, "nothing will happen to me."She nods and hides her face on his neck to inhale his subtle aroma, "I love you." ༄ "Stop doing that," Leevanna said."And since when you gave me orders?" He answered back by raising an eyebrow making her snort."You're making me nervous," she said when he tossed the apple back into the air."I make you more than nervous but—... Fine," He smirked when she hit his arm with her hand.Both were in The Room of Requirement looking for The Vanishing Cabinet.The place was dark, but there was a light from somewhere. There were many things, some opaque, some glittering. Piles and piles of things piled up in no order but at the same time, everything seemed merged in order. Dust particles dancing in the air and sticking to anything they found as monkeys. The environment was cold, it caused a strange current to travel through your body from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head with each step. It felt a bit dangerous. But it was quiet, more than it should be.Leevanna passed her sight all over the place passing the yolk of her fingers through the thousands of things that were there. The green-eyed smiled when she remembered her third year at Hogwarts and the unicorn with the rulers. Her eyes fixed on some tarot cards which were over a dark wooden table next to a box with aristocratic decorations made of gold.The cards had a black background, the borders, words and other decorations were as golden as the gold of a crown. The drawings were white, but they also had parts of the previous colour. They were all skulls, even the animals. Justice, Death and The Devil were her favourites. Maybe she could learn to read the tarot one of these days. She had a lot of free time anyway.Draco walked around the place already quite far from the girl, but without taking his eyes off her. If something happened to her again, he wasn't going to forgive himself this time. "I will help you," Leevanna said, her voice was firm. "It's my task too now, Draco."

"No, you won't—" he tried to convince her.

"It's okay," she smiled weakly. "We are together in this," she whispered to him by pressing her forehead with his. The blond felt guilty because he couldn't have prevented her from receiving The Dark Mark. Although he could not have been able to do anything since it was in her inheritance, literally.He did not know when she had received it and preferred not to ask. He assumed that it had been after the dark hole, after the chains. He did not know. Maybe it could have been before or while he was unconscious.God... The dark hole...Every fucking time he closed his eyes the images of her came to his mind like flashes. Punishments he couldn't get rid of. Every fucking time his body reached the orgasm and he heard her moan his name or feel her lips kissing his with fervour, his brain made cruel fun of him and replaced those pleasant sounds with her crying and imploring for help. After pleasuring her, his body churned and the horrible sensation in his stomach turned to a burning liquid that rose his throat and stained the loo's water.Not because he was disgusted with her, he was disgusted with himself.He had thought quite often about leaving her, moving away from her to try to keep her safe... But he couldn't.He would never do it. Not again. Not after the chains. Not after the dark hole. Not after the dark mark. Not after fifth year. No. Not again.He knew that if he moved away, she was going to collapse and he definitely didn't want that. Because he would collapse too. She didn't deserve more suffering.Besides, he needed her to breathe. He couldn't just leave her. The air would fail him again if she left.But he felt useless to see her suffer when the fucking mark began to burn..."Draco," she called him. Softly, sweetly. As always she said his name. He turned to her direction, always going with her with he heard her calling him. "I found it," she told him looking at a huge fabric that covered the cabinet."Good girl," he told her in the ear before leaving a kiss on her neck. The cabinet wood creaked.Draco removed the fabric and both looked at each other.Their task began there, at that precise moment.

Leevanna threw a book in his direction, which luckily fell on the wall.She yelled before throwing another at him, which Draco dodged without looking up from his book.He had been ignoring her for almost four hours in a row. And they haven't even left the room since breakfast. So Leevanna was pretty stressed and mad at him.Why she needed so much attention lately? Not because she was doing a sort of whim or something similar, it was because after spending one month listening to hallucinations her mind created, she needed real persons who paid attention to her.Alive persons.Not dead bodies with larvae and crows eating remains that didn't respond when she started arguing with them.And she feels alone.Very alone.In the woods, where no one could hear her cry or scream. Where she found dead bodies every single minute and the darkness consumed her body until she couldn't breathe.There was air but she wasn't able to catch it.She growled before giving up and getting into bed the bed huffing with small tears rolling down her cheeks and feeling shivers down her body. Draco laughed by leaving his book on the table at his side and trying to kiss her lips.No, she didn't want kisses.She was alone."Leave me," Leevanna squirmed into the bed huffing with a knot in her throat and crossing her arms on her chest before turning back giving him her back. She was tired of crying.She was tired of puking. She was tired of the larvae and crows. She was tired of the dead bodies. She was tired of the nightmares. Tired of the woods.Her eyes close slowly and the tears began to fall. Sliding across the arch of her nose until they met with the ones over the sheets. Her heartbeat resonates throughout her body and she feels her ears plugging when the ache in her chest grows bigger.Draco laughed before leaving a kiss on her neck."Don't get mad," he told her turning her over with his hand. He loved to ignore her.The reason? In that way he could see her do things, moving, fighting. Though after that he felt like a prick, he preferred to make her cry himself that hearing the constant screams of her in the deep hole.Everything was better than the deep hole. Every scream she gave for him to pay attention was better than the terror-struck ones she had given when — when the man did that to her.His hand snaked down her abdomen and his thumb caressed her over the fabric of her blouse before his palm pressed softly to turn her around. Each touch was so gently, so softly and delicate. As if she was going to break at any moment.The tip of his nose nuzzles the skin of her neck when he starts leaving small kisses on it. His thumb keeps caressing her abdomen, softly. She squirms when his cold touch slides beneath the blouse before his whole hand supported itself over it to attract her more to him. He keeps kissing her, petting her as if she was a little kitten he had to take care of."You are an idiot," she said before throwing a pillow at his face. He let out a breathy laugh of his lips against her jaw as his hand left her skin."Well, this idiot is going to take a bath," he said before his lips started climbing her jaw until they met her lips, where he left a soft kiss. Then he caught her upper lip between his own and deepened the kiss a bit before leaving her without his touch. She wiped her tears away as she saw him getting out of bed and taking off his black jumper. "Are you coming?" He asked by turning to look at her.She got up from the bed as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse looking at him with her lower lip between her teeth. He raised an eyebrow when he saw that she didn't have a bralette under her clothes, she shrugged.While the blond opened the shower key, she unzipped her dark blue mini-shorts leaving them on the bathroom floor along with her lace underwear. She surrounded his torso with her hands and slid them through the soft and hard skin of his chest until she reached his V-line and then his grey sweatpants."You have very naughty hands," he told her amusedly before turning to see her and placing his hands on the curves of her waist."You think...?" she asked with innocence, passing her hands through his chest without looking at him. He took her chin roughly by upswing it.The big difference between heights made him look down at her."Look at me when I'm talking to you," he ordered and she nodded obediently. Draco was fascinated by the submission in her eyes. He passed his thumb through her soft pink lips and slid it through her lower lip. Her big, doe eyes looking at him.Both entered the shower completely naked.He looked up at the shower head as the water poured on his face. His veiny hand ran through his wet platinum blond hair that soon enough scrunched up into small faint waves as he always did. She passes his hands yet again over his chest, wetting her skin and leaving little drops of clear water over her.He surrounded her neck with a hand, passing his thumb again across her soft lower lip. Leevanna placed his thumb between her mouth bitting it down so gently and sensually... He watched every move. Attentively. Fascinated bu the way her lips slid up his skin and feeling her teeth pressing it along with her tongue."You didn't do that again," he told her tightening his grip on her neck. Now that his rings weren't on his fingers, she could feel every part of them."Maybe..." she responded slowly and innocently as his eyes narrowed at her playfully. "What are you going to do about it?"Then he pinned her to the already wet wall, her skull smacking against it, and his mouth lands on her as if he wants to fuse it to hers. Without any hesitation. Slams down hard. Noses colliding, foreheads against each other and eyelashes embracing between the others. Lips pressing and catching, teeth nipping.She lets out this cut little gasp and it opens her mouth to him, letting his tongue slide as if it was a snake. She is pushing back, against him — his lips, closing her own over his. Allowing her tongue met his as two old friends.A low groan leaves his lips when she is instantly tangling her hands in his hair. His own hands roam, one diving low to hitch up her thigh — hook it around his waist, the way he likes it. The way he always does when he pins her against a wall."You want to know what I'm going to do about it?" he breathed against her lips. She nodded quickly, fighting to kiss him fully as the grip on her neck intensifies. "I'm going to fuck you so hard that you are not gonna walk for a week.""Do it then," she smiled teasingly.Draco took both of her hands and placed them above her head wrapping her wrists to continue kissing her with fiercely and hunger.He kisses her hungrily — devours her mouth with fervour as a wolf does with its prey until her lips are swollen and already bleeding. Eyes are clouded over with pure lust.His teeth catch her lower lip, pulling and nipping until the blood is already filling his mouth completely — more than it was already doing it. He presses her lip with his own — suctioning it as a vacuum making the dust go away. She makes a desperate sound into his mouth. Both open, crashing. And she doesn't even take air before diving back.She doesn't need the air. She needs him.While the blood ran on the side of her lips, he directed his wet and hungry kisses to her jawline and neck leaving traces of blood next to the drops of water, then he passed his tongue over her tender skin wiping it. Her eyes fall shut, breaths leaving her mouth.His hand clenched the grip on her thigh and slid until it reached her ass, where he squeezed before taking her hips roughly to stick her even more to him. His erection pressing the spot between her thighs that made her see white flashes everywhere.He rolled his tongue against the inside of his cheek before passing it by the tip of his fang."You always end up wet with me, huh?" He said playfully with a raised eyebrow."And you always end up hard," she said in the same way. And he grins in that way she loves — that crooked, curled-lip, challenging and teasing grin she has known for years. That one that makes her surrender to him and be on her knees for him. The one that makes her remind he can do whatever he wants with her.He kets out a low chuckle before bringing their lips together again. Kissing her the way he does since fourth year. The way he will always do.His hand went back to her throat and her arms fall surrounding his neck, hands tangling yet again with his blond hair.He separated her legs with his foot making her release a moan from her lips. The yolk of his fingers starts caressing and sliding up the smooth skin of her thighs until it reaches her waist. Goosebumps appearing everywhere and currents travelling down her spine. That same hand started to slide down her belly, slowly — she call fee every part of his yolks over her navel until he reached her pulsating and swallowed clit where he began to make slow circular motions with his middle finger.Enough pressure. Everything exaggerated how is supposed to be.She whimpered against his lips when she felt how he gradually accelerated his pace by causing her legs to shudder a little. She jerked on the wet and cold wall of the shower and lowered her head biting her lower lip by closing her eyes as he went faster and faster.Draco took her chin roughly by lifting it and looking her in the eye."What did we say about looking down?" He said gasping and making his way on her lips down there."No — no... ah, shit... Don't — don't look down," she answered as she could while moaning, then he sank two of his fingers deep inside her.She throws her head back with a sharp gasp, making her skull smack against the wet wall yet again. She doesn't care."There!" she gasps out. "Yes, there... There," and he knows how to touch her, how to make her reach the second one. He is the only one who could ever do that. And she knows it. Loves it.She hisses. Nails scraping down his scalp, whimpering. His fingers go still over the spot, and the starts nudging it."There?" He asks — taunts. His voice is husky. Broken by his elaborated breathing. And suddenly his thumb is massaging the combination of nerves that makes her see neon lights. His fingers swirling over the spot that's making her hallucinate. Flashes blurring every sense."Yes..." He adds a second finger and her eyes flutter shut. She jerks. Shrieks. "There! Fuck—" Her head thunks back against the wall and she couldn't care less about getting a concussion."Yeah?" he pants against her lips before catching her lower lip between his teeth to nip it and make it bleed. His hand tightening around her throat. His lips make their way until they are on her ear. "Like that?" His tongue traces the shell of her ear."Yeah..." she pants — moans, over and over. He shoved his fingers in and out quickly, making her legs tremble as she moaned. "Like—" she moans loudly. "Like that..."He took her fingers out of her and positioned the tip of his throbbing dick at her entrance before slowly entering it into her listening to how she let escape delirious moans from her pink lips. He pumped a couple of times getting her used to it so as not to hurt her."Up," he ordered her and she jumped surrounding his waist with her legs as she entangled her fingers in his wet blond hair. He supported one of his hands on the wall while holding her down the ass with the other.She surrounded his neck with her arms feeling how he pinned her back to the cold and wet wall to penetrate her deeper and harder."Draco..." she wailed while he left kisses down her neck. She passed her hands through his shoulders and slid them a little to then dig her nails on his back feeling how the volcano inside her was about to detonate.He joined his lips with hers once again also reaching his limit.The orgasm hits like a tsunami.The blond held her stronger and raised her a little more feeling her legs tighten her grip around his waist. Her toes curled.Both came at the same time. Their open mouths barely touching while they panted in search of air."Are we ever going to be able to take a simple shower?" She asked laughing against his lips."Don't think so," he replied by bringing their lips together again with fierce and possessiveness. ༄ Nightmares.They infect your brain like liquid from an injection. One that hurts, makes you cry. You feel the liquid burning inside you, destroying every vein, every nerve, every sense. Pain is all you can feel. There is nothing else.The darkness comes for you in a second, you forget how to think, how to act. The cold metal of the needle breaking the barrier of your skin and leaving a mark that you think you may never forget. You cannot. It hurts. For a long time. You don't know when it's going to stop. It still hurts. Still burns. Keep tearing yourself apart. Tears making weight. You do not know what to do.And suddenly... You open your eyes.It's over.It wasn't just more than a second. And you think, for that? Yes, for that. The pain that seemed like years was actually thousandths of a second. There is no more of that. There is no more darkness. There is no screaming. There are no tears. The tiny dot that the needle once left vanishes in seconds.A nightmare is the same.A constant loop of darkness and agony that sucks and burns every part of your body, destroying your flesh and bones. There is nothing you can do. The monster is there.  Watching you. Every move you make. You run. You run away. Still there. It's constant.  The fear is constant. You can not escape.And you open your eyes. Panting. Your vision is blurry. You cannot concentrate. You are still in the nightmare. The monster above you. You cannot move. You feel it touch you. Slide its claws over your skin.And you open your eyes again. And there is nothing. The monster went to the darkness.  And you breathe. You forget it. At least until the next night. When it comes for you again. To swallow you into darkness again."Did you think about something?" Draco asked by caressing her hair."I mean... Is easy, but—""I don't want to," he sighed."I know, Draco," she said also letting a sigh come out of her lips.It was midnight, maybe a bit more. Both had woke up suddenly because of a nightmare. Different for the two. Horrific for both. Same pain, a different memory. It was impossible to sleep this times, it was very difficult only spend one minute without feeling the breath of the monster colliding with the skins of their necks.They had many things in their minds to spend a quiet and peaceful night. Too many nightmares. Too many memories. Too many secrets.They have to kill Albus Dumbledore.How the fuck did you do that?They don't like the man for obvious reasons... But — it was okay to kill? It was okay to end with a life? Innocent or not, it was okay? If the person doesn't deserve it the answer is there, but if the person does deserve it — is okay? Is okay to not have mercy? They don't know. They are confused.While Hogwarts prizes a romantic comedy wherever you go, they had horrible nightmares most of the time.Hogwarts was like a teen-romance movie.The atmosphere in the castle was full of couples recently forming and thousands of teenage dramas coming hand by hand next to the entangled feelings. The promises of love and friendship caressing skins like a spring breeze and summer rays of sunlight when the sun smiles. The students lived their lives happily and without worries, actually, as in a bubble. As if nothing happened around them. As if everything were just fine.And then there were Leevanna and Draco.Who had become Death Eaters. Who had experimented the most traumatic form of initiation a person could ever imagine. Who had received marks as life sentences just to bring back the person they love the most back to their sides. Who had to honour a man who was supposed to be the bad guy. They had to prevent thousands of things from happening, fix a damn cabinet without practically anyone's help, kill someone and... Maybe be happy after that.If they managed to survive, clearly.Their loving teenage drama had been in past years, where they had been happy for moments. There was no longer that silly feeling of young lovers every time they met in a corridor by chance or that feeling of wanting to jump on top of the other to hug in hiding.They loved each other, yes, with their entire lives. They lived for each other and were going to stay like that.But the priorities had changed.Their lives had changed.They had times where they both mentally wondered if they wanted to continue with that kind of life...A life that is full of darkness.Honestly, both had been beginning to think that discriminating against someone for their kind of blood was quite... Stupid... But they couldn't take those thoughts out of their heads just like that.Voldemort had — he had helped them. Right? He had brought the most important person back to their lives. He had — he had done it, right? He was keeping his promise...But — why it didn't feel right somehow?Why discriminate someone because of their blood statue didn't seem exactly the way they want to keep living? Why the Dark Mark burned so much even when they had wanted to take it?The thought — of everyone being the same and deserving the same rights without mattering about blood or riches —, was sort kind of easy with Leevanna. She was afraid. Of her father. Even if he was dead by now. She is still afraid. All those things her father had done to her just for innocent things every child could do is still im her mind. Eating her. A chip that has been being feed every day. But she wonders... And if the chip was never there and she just wants to grip to something that makes her think being in The Dark Lord's side is correct?Draco, on the other hand, was pretty familiar with discriminating people because of blood. He himself had done it a lot of times for his own even if his parent wasn't there. He had grown up with that though craved in his head as a fork digs into a dessert. His father's voice was something that wouldn't go away overnight. Especially if Draco was trying to get him out of Azkaban Prison. Draco had to keep following the thought. Had to keep feeding the chip. At least for now. Bit if he wanted to destroy it? He doesn't know. But knows it would take a lot of time if he decides he wants to take it out.Both had been brainwashed for a lot of time.That year, the first week of classes, they had mistaken the Arithmancy classroom with the Muggle Studies one, the course that is given by Charity Burbage, because they had been whispering and giggling and hadn't realised what way they were going. They realised they were in the wrong place in the middle of the class, when out of nowhere they heard 'Muggles and Muggle-borns are the same as Purebloods, they are persons'. A thing that removed all their insides in one. When they turned their heads to look at each other, they didn't say anything but decided to stay in the classroom until the class was finished. They had paid a lot of attention to what the professor was talking about: arts, music, the anatomy of a Muggle. Every single thing was in their brains now.When the class was over, Leevanna had taken air deeply and held Draco's hand tightly before approximating to the professor, pulling the blond with her without him realising it. "Professor," said Leevanna lowly. The woman raised her head and smiled at her. "What did you say today... Is it true?"

"About all being the same... Muggles, Mud — Muggle-borns and Purebloods," and that's when she caught Draco's attention. Charity smiled at her.

"Take this," the woman said giving her a book that had as title: World War I & II – Muggles Conflicts. Leevanna frowned letting go of Draco's hand before taking the book. "Read it, both of you, then you can tell me what you think about it."

Leevanna nodded and handed her suitcase to Draco before starting to walk.

"And, Miss Vaughan," both teenagers turned when Charity called the girl, "I know you don't figure in this class... But if you two want to take classes with me, we can arrange a schedule out of school hours," she smiled.

The green-eyed nodded and she and Draco left the classroom. One week after that, both were still a bit scared of opening the book and finally reading it. It was over the desk, waiting for them. It was thick, at least it seemed to be for them. Leevanna had even done a formula to calculate the pages. She didn't know if it was correct, but the book had more than 2670  pages but less than 4360. She had tried to open the book, but the feeling of a burning sensation made her release it every time.It wasn't until one day ago that both looked at each other and finally opened the book. Cautiously. Scared. With the burning sensation not letting them think.The task of leaving the book alone seemed impossible. It called them, enslaved them to be in bed and fill their brain with the words the pages had. Every image. Every sentence. They were now in the middle of the book. Being bookworms this time wasn't entirely of their liking this time. But they just couldn't stop reading and reading. In silent. Thinking about each word the book prayed individually. The colour of the skin or religion was something important? No, at least not in the wizardry world. And it shouldn't matter to anyone, really.But the blood status...Maybe it was the same thing.Maybe it was just as stupid. Or maybe not?What was the difference between The Nazis and The Death Eaters? What was the difference between Hitler and Voldemort or Grindelwald?The first ones were Muggles and the seconds were wizards. That was the only thing that differentiates them. Or... There was something more?Leevanna had reached the conclusion of mirroring the Muggle-borns with the Jews. The Holocaust, also known as the Shoah, had been one of the main events. It had been a genocide. The Nazis had murdered six million people who were innocent... And just because of what they believed in? Stupid. Muggles were complete barbaric and stupid cunts."Let me do it," says Leevanna after ten good minutes of silence."What?" Draco frowned and lowered his gaze, stopping the caresses on her hair."Let me do it," she repeats as she sits down on the bed to look at him better. He does the same."No," and he keeps looking at her with a confused frown. Was she mental? The answer for what she had asked seconds ago was out of discussion."I can do it," her eyes fixed on his blue-grey oceans who look at her confused and if she had just said that there's a polar bear in the room.   "No," he says again."Draco," a sigh leaves her lips. "If you are not going to do it—""No," this time his voice has a tone of anger."But I—""Leevanna," his middle finger and thumb rub his eyelids before his hand slides down his face. "I'm not going to discuss with you—""But you don't want to do it," she cuts him off. "And if you don't want to, then you are not going to—""So you think I am not capable of killing somebody? That's what you want to say?""No," she rolls her eyes before huffing. "I am not saying that, I know you are capable of doing anything you propose to yourself.""So?" his eyebrow raises."I'm just saying that I could do it and—""No, Leevanna," he huffs. "I don't want to fight with you, yeah? Not today.""Why not?" she frowns. "Why you don't want me to cast the spell and kill Dumbledore?"And he looks at her, his expression is tired and with the ghost of a sheet of anger. He doesn't want to argue with her tonight. Not after the nightmare he had an hour or so ago. He doesn't want to fight with her anymore. He is really tired."Because I am not letting you stain your hands with someone else's blood," he sighs passing his hands up his face before one of them pass through his hair, disordering it. "You are innocent, I'm not letting you kill somebody, understood?"And Leevanna lowers her gaze to the sheets under her.Because she isn't innocent. She is everything but innocent. She knows. And not because she has sex or smokes and does drugs and more shit the society tells you.It is because she has killed someone. Eight people exactly. Eight bloody people she knows. And one of them had been him. His eyes closed. Eyelashes brushing his unhealthy pale and cold cheeks. Blue-grey eyes that don't look at her anymore. There's no sparkle. No light. No life. There's nothing. Because he is dead. And she is her only killer. The only responsible. "Look — Leevy," he says softly once he realises he raised his voice at her a little moments ago. "I don't want to fight, yeah? Just — come here," and she looks up at him again before letting his arms guide her to lay on him again."It is burning, isn't it?" She asked him after a few minutes of silence while she kept listening to his quiet heartbeats. He had moved his right arm away from the bed so as not to touch it."It doesn't matter," he said while caressing her hair. Draco was playing to be the strongest, the one who was not affected by the situation at all and the one who was not dying of fear inside. The one who wasn't being swallowed by the monster of the darkness every night. But Leevanna knew it wasn't like that, because she did the same.At some point, both were going to explode.Like dynamite."You know? That day with the twins we were eating ice cream and George threw it on Lhu unintentionally staining all of her hair," she said doing circles with her nail on his clothes. "Then she, to take revenge, also threw ice cream at him but she got confused and she threw it to Fred."Then Draco laughed, softly, but laughed."And then Fred fell in the hallway because he was full of ice cream and Lhu fell on him and pulled George because he was making fun of them," she ended up listening to his laugh. She smiled."And where were you?""They also threw ice cream at me and I ran into a tree because I had it in my eyes," she complained sighing, but she couldn't help but get infected with his laughter."Thank you, Leevy," he told her a few seconds after the burning and itching on his arm stopped."Because I ran into a tree?" Both laughed, then she sighed. "You are welcome, Draco." ༄ "Leevanna, stop," Snape asked sighing and seeing the girl who walked in circles all over the place."No!" She slammed with nervousness before throwing a glass vase to the ground.A few hours ago she had been on her way to Dumbledore's office to examine his behaviour a little and take advantage of it with the things she found. Favourite sweets, drinks, some activity that he repeated every day.She had to hasten things somehow.When she had arrived at his office, she was about to talk until she saw Harry Potter with the man talking. She hid behind the huge statue of the Griffin so as not to be discovered and listen to the conversation a little.Her world fell apart. "You see, Professor Slughorn possesses something that I desire very dearly. He will not give it out easily."

"You said Professor Slughorn would try to collect to me."

"Do you want me to let him?"

 She had run out of air and had come down as quickly as possible in search of her godfather. As she always did since she was a child when she had a nightmare. Draco was in class, so she couldn't go with him. Severus had been her only hope and fortunately, she had found him.Getting quite close to Slughorn had been easy thanks to the fact that Neferet, her mother, had been the best of her class and the professor had grown fond of her by putting her on his shelf. The bloody shelf Leevanna needs to reach whatever it takes, no matter what is it. She needs to reach it. To be first. To be perfect.She needs to be fucking useful for once in her life. She needs to be all her father once told her she couldn't.She has only one fucking task. Do not fucking let Dumbledore reach the fucking memory of the Horcruxes. Keep the vulnerability of The Dark Lord in the deepest point of darkness. Nobody could know. No one.If not — if not she was going to be sent back to the woods. She would lose Draco again. She would lose Luna, Lhu, Narcissa, Severus, the twins and Lee. She couldn't. She couldn't be sent to the woods again. She could not have that knife again in her hand.Anything but the woods. Fucking anything but going back there."If — if Potter," she tried to say, trembling, feeling the air became scarce. "If Potter lets himself be — be collected by — by Slughorn..." she placed her hands on her head feeling how her eyes filled with tears. She was shaking. "If — If he gets the memory of the Horcruxes I — I..."She threw a book on the floor then putting the back of her hand on her lips to cover her nervous sobs. Her face was red."I can't go back!" she yells. "I can't go back to the fucking woods! I can't—" there is no air. "I CAN'T GO BACK THERE!" Air.Air.Air.There's no fucking air.She was having a nervous breakdown.The fear growing up inside her body taking away the air of her lungs. The air she doesn't have for a long time ago."What am I going to do?! He — he can't, no!" She exclaimed starting to run out of air before screaming between teeth with anger, the mark in her arm was beginning to burn and sting again.The monster is there. Greeting her. Smiling at her. That twisted smile that she dreads. Those empty eyes that have watched her since she was a scary girl hiding under the covers of her bed.A girl who plays being brave. A girl who playa being bad. A girl who plays being made of ice.  a girl who plays not having feelings. A girl who plays not being afraid of the dark. A girl who is vulnerable. Fragile. She can be broken.The monster's claws caress her. Leaving scratches on every part of her body. Red lines. Long ones. Without a trace of mercy. Without shape. She bleeds out. Shouts. The poison entering his nose as if it were air. Down her throat. By her ears. All over. It is burning her. Every atom. Every pore. She feels like daggers and thorns digging into her back again and again.The pain in her head is a crown of thorns. She recognizes it. She is very familiar. Needles dig into her eardrums. They leave her without hearing. A bell from her rings out everywhere.  Her vision becomes blurry. There is no air. She can't tell a thing apart. She feels heavy and light at the same time.Air.Air.Air.There is nothing of it. Not a fucking single drop. Not a fucking single breeze. Not a fucking single caress.And she — she is about to collapse — she—Severus took her wrists roughly before grabbing her shoulders trying to make her stop trembling."Breathe," he ordered her looking her in the eye seeing her tears fall on her cheeks. "Breathe."She can't — there's none of it —"Do what I," Severus says before taking a deep breath and holding it in his lungs for two seconds before releasing it slowly.She did what he indicated.She inhaled deep containing the air in her lungs for a few seconds and then exhaled slowly imitating his action. Just like he had done. Copying.She repeated the action several times until her breathing calmed considerably and her nerves had stopped."You need to think with your head cold," he told her wiping her tears away with his thumbs. "You can't get out of control like that."       Don't tell me! Says the voice in her head sarcastically.She nodded as he walked away from her to pick up all things she had thrown and put them in order. Leevanna closed her eyes by breathing deeply again."How is Draco doing?" He asked her."We already found The Vanishing Cabinet," she responded, wiping the last tears she had in her cheeks. "We're beginning to repair it from a few, that fucking thing didn't even fucking open at the beginning.""Good start," Snape told her calmly. "What are you going to do with your task?""I — I don't know...""You had 17 years of the best education in white and dark magic, you know every one of the existing spells, you have a diamond and brilliant mind, and you answer me with an 'I don't know'?" He denied with his head. "What a... disappointment."She hates that word.He knows it.That's what he said it."I'm trying to think!" She shouted, he raised an eyebrow and she huffed.She can't get out of control so easily. No matter what words she hears. No matter what someone says. She can't lose her temper. She knows. She needs to keep trying to breathe. She knows. She needs to keep playing being brave. She needs to keep seeing the monsters and try to avoid them."I'll rephrase the question: What are you going to do if Dumbledore succeeds in convince Horace somehow to give him that memory?""I think I can convince Slughorn to modify it," she replied."You... Think?""I'm going to make Slughorn modify his fucking memory," she said in a firm voice without taking her eyes away from his. ༄ Blue-grey eyes looking every movement.And he feels useless.The sound of retching emerging from the bathroom reaches his ears one more time. The sixth time. Sixth time in two fucking hours. Two bloody fucking hours. His eyes fall close again when the retching starts again. Seventh time. Fucking seven—And there's again.Eighth time.He hears her cry. Well — She isn't crying, it's just weak sobs because she is weak, physically. He knows she is still kneeling in front of the toilet. The worst thing is that he doesn't let him enter the bathroom. She had locked the door and been there for twenty minutes. His forehead is against the wall next to it, his eyes remain closed and his hands supported on the wall by the sides of his head.He is feeling fucking useless.Because she has been there for days. Days that had become two weeks. And he doesn't know what the fuck to do.The first days had been because — or at least she had told him — that it was because she had forgotten she was allergic to raisins and she had eaten pudding and felt sick. He had believed her because — well — she is allergic to those things and others he doesn't remember right now. And she had only puked one or three times. Wasn't big deal.Until the sixth day she threw up three times and she hadn't eaten anything, just drank water. He had noticed also that her collarbones had accentuated a bit more than they already were.The following three days were the same. She throwing up twice two of those days and the other just sleeping.He cannot take her to the hospital wing because then they would look all over her body and eventually find the Dark Mark on her arm. They couldn't be discovered. Voldemort would kill them if something like that happened.Then how the fuck he can know what's happening to her?And he thinks, no — remembers — previous years at Hogwarts.Their second year specifically. That year, though he didn't care at all about her, he noticed she didn't eat for long periods of time, usually just drank water at lunch and dinner, and Lhu was always yelling at her after or before being in the girls' lavatory. He remembered seeing her even paler than she already was. He remembered seeing her getting thinner and thinner every day until three weeks after summer vacations she fainted in Arithmancy class after doing twenty formulas. He remembered Narcissa Malfoy and Severus Snape, the first hugging her and the second almost yelling, worried before the three left the castle and didn't come back for a week. And then he remembers what she said to him in summer vacations when they were in her manor. "Draco," she called him without taking away her gaze from the plate.

"What?" He asked before sitting in front of her.

"The dress today, did I look good in it?" and her eyes met his. He frowned.

"Yes...?" he nodded slowly. "You did, why?"

"Nothing," and she took a deep breath before taking the first tablespoon of Mac and Cheese to her mouth.

"I'm going to tell you something," both were laid over the grass seeing the starry sky.

"I'm listening," he sighed.

"I needed help, Draco, years ago," she huffed. "I wasn't doing good at anything and having a lot, getting frustrated, and— I guess it just got worse, the feeling of guilt... It grew every second until one day I just... I just collapsed," she stopped talking for a second. "It took a lot for me admit I had a problem, but I did it, thanks to Lhu, Cissy and Severus."

And he turned his head to look at her.

"I'm fine now, I think," a sigh left her lips. "I received help, loads of it," her eyes still fixed on the stars. "I still need help though." Now he is afraid.Because he deciphered that riddle that same day. He knew what was she talking about. Leevanna had an eating disorder. And he knows that doesn't just go away as any disease does. It stays with you. Like a bomb. Stick at your skin and waiting for the perfect moment to make an explosion.He knows.Not because he has an eating disorder — though there are times he doesn't eat because of anxiety and more —, because his mum had one of those too when he was a child, years before he initiated his education at Hogwarts school.Narcissa never talked about it with him. But he knows. He had seen her struggle and cry as she sat in front of the plate and stared at it before taking a small bite of anything that had been prepared for that day. How Severus sat in front of her for hours until she finished everything on the plate — just like Lhu had done with Leevanna all their third year.His mum got better, with time. Years. She still struggles a bit, especially when she buys new clothes, but she takes a deep breath before smiling and taking a tablespoon to her mouth. And he is proud of her. A lot.He is proud of Leevy too. Very.A huff leaves his lips.He hears the toilet flush, and then the sound of water running from the faucet for several minutes.And he doesn't give a single more fuck about privacy and shit like that and takes out his wand to murmur 'Alohomora' and be able to open the door. Privacy did not exist between them. Not anymore. Not since now. Not since he is afraid.His eyes fix on her tiny body, she had given a small jump when the door was open so abruptly. Her hands are supported on the edges of the sink and she keeps staring at it. He sees the tears still sliding down her cheeks."You scared me," she murmured before looking up and seeing him through the mirror. He is behind her. The left side of his body supported on the door's frame."You are scaring me," he says crossing his arms over his chest. She lowered her gaze again and made a cup with her hand to drunk water before spilling it. "Can you fucking explain to me what's wrong with you?"She looked up again and wiped her mouth with the reverse of her wrist. Silence. She doesn't say anything.She just walks out of the bathroom without a word and stops when her eyes fixed on the mirror. Leevanna saw her body profile in it frowning. Draco is looking at her."Do you think I've fattened?""What are you talking about?" Draco responded confused. He frowns. She is the same as she has been all her life. "Listen to me, if because you think you're gaining weight you just threw up–""It's not that," she rolled her eyes."Then what the fuck is it?" and Leevanna knows he is angry. "Vaughan, I'm not stupid, yeah? I know you better than anyone else in this fucking world, I know about all your problems.""I am not—" the tears running down her cheeks again. "You are attacking me.""No, I am not.""Yes, you are," and she wipes the salty paths with the torn of the shirt's sleeve growling with frustration. She is tired of crying. "You are making me feel like I am the bad one here.""So I am supposed to be the villain here?" he laughed sarcastically. "I'm worried about you, that makes me the bad guy?""No, but—""But what?" He frowns again, angrily. "You are going to tell me now you are throwing up because you are allergic to raisins? I believed you the first days, it has been two weeks, you want me to call Severus? What's more, I don't even have to call him, I'm going to do it myself.""So you now are threatening me?""I am going to do it if I need to.""Malfoy — can we—" and she is slightly trembling. "Can we not fight today? I'm tired."Her feet guide her to the nightstand on her side of the bed, crouches down and stares at it a bit.       What said the Healer? One per day? One of each? Separated? The fuck she said?She bites down her lower lip and closes her eyes trying to remember. The tablets are there. The two kinds of it. One has orchid-pink tiny and almost invisible pills and the other has the same ones but in cadet-blue-4. The first ones are from the Muggle world and the others from the wizardry.Did she take them yesterday? She was fixing The Vanishing Cabinet until late, she doesn't remember. She took them... She didn't...       Take two of each, fuck it.With her wand, she makes appear water in her cup and takes it to her mouth along with the pills.Draco keeps staring at her, now she is crawling over the bed before covering herself with the comforter and hug a pillow with her head over it. He huffs."I'm fine okay?" She sighs and makes a little sound with her nose when she presses one side and inhales. He knows that's because she had been shedding tears. "I haven't relapsed, yeah? You trust me?"He sighs and looks away from her before meeting her green-eyes again, his arms still crossed over his chest. Yes, he trusts her. He wants to and is going to do so."Then what is happening to you?""I reckon I'm sick and that's all," she sighs and wipes the final tears away before extending her hand for him to take it. "Come."He walks towards her and takes her hand before entering the bed. She releases the pillow and turns her body to face him. Her small body makes him look like an enormous wall."I'm cold," she says surrounding his body with her arms as one of his arms becomes her pillow. "That's the only reason why I'm hugging you."He chuckles softly against her hair and passes an arm over her to start caressing her hair as his flexed leg places itself over her hip. "I'm cold too.""Fine, you're cold too," she sighs closing her eyes.And that night was pretty warm even outside was freezing. 

"I could pin you against a carriage right now and fuck you right here, you know?"Leevanna chuckled as he slid a hand through the inside of her jacket by tightening her waist before giving her a spank. That day she was in a good mood."We're going to end up with hypothermia," she answered leaning on Draco and taking his arm hard to try to warm herself up. She was very cold. But she loves it."That's not a problem," he told her smirking. "I would die faster," she hit him on the chest with her hand.The image of him over the grass in the woods appeared in front of her as if it was a camera flash. Tortuous and too bright. It still felt fresh. As if it had happened just yesterday."Don't say that," she threatened him between teeth before she huffed. "If you die, I die."She couldn't go back to the woods. She couldn't have the knife again. Not again. She wouldn't be able to handle it and certainly would go even crazier than she already was."Romeo and Juliet style?" He asked playfully making her laugh. Both continued to walk through the snow in the direction of Hogsmeade Village. They had decided that take a float next to their friends — the ones they barely see now — would distract them and they couldn't waste more time. So they preferred to walk.It was good though, it helped Leevy's head to release the tension and she loves winter.In recent weeks, the red circles under their eyes had gone deeper and violet because of all the time they spent trying to fix The Vanishing Cabinet on their own; their skin also had become even paler. They hadn't asked for any help and didn't think they needed it for at least a while. They wanted to do it themselves. Do all the people once told them they couldn't. And need to do it alone.They barely attended classes too, but they didn't pay attention because they used that time to whisper things in their ears without others realising it. It was their way to communicate. Just Potions, for now, they had left Defence Against the Dark Arks for a while until at least they could breathe and sleep for more than three hours. Leevanna missed Arithmancy, but she knew she had to concentrate on more important things than numbers at this point.Now, the class with Charity Burbage? That was something quite complicated. She had given them another book, one about a 'Cold War' or something after they discussed the first one. They'd had three classes with her until now, each of them lasted one or two hours depending on both's humour those days. They were really trying to catch what the professor was telling them — but it kept feeling like a betrayal. It was still very difficult.Draco had left Quidditch's team because it was too much energy spent on something that wasn't going to help him in any way — it had been a little difficult because he loved the sport, but he knew it was for good. Leevanna hadn't protested or got angry, as he had thought. In fact, she had understood him and told him that when all the mess was over, he could teach her how to play it. The girl was a disaster in the sport.They laughed at times, as they did a few days ago, for example. Both had been in The Room of Requirement at night looking for a way to take out all the dust the cabinet had since Leevanna kept sneezing due to her allergies. Draco hadn't stopped snickering when he realised that she sneezed like a kitten.Narcissa had sent them a letter a week ago asking how they were, they had responded halfway through the truth. They didn't want to worry her any more than she was. Narcissa wasn't good, they knew, she was constantly having depression due to the terrible state of things. And Draco and Leevanna couldn't go with her, that made them feel horrible.Regarding sex, they had found a new kink: knives and handcuffs.Leevanna's sexual appetite was still the same and Draco was willing to fulfil every single thing she asked to him.Though they had their troubled days. Pretty nasty ones.During those two more weeks that had passed, Leevanna had developed a sort of morning sickness. It had arrived lightly first, but then came vengefully. It started with her fighting against the comforters and huffing before she started crying and running to the bathroom to start retching. Just retching, not throwing up. Draco had been kind of relieved by that, but that didn't mean he wasn't worried. So he had called a Healer. A woman one. Draco didn't trust people, especially men, touching her.The mind healer had said she had caught a sort of virus that was going around. Nothing serious. It was just a normal flue and it would go away according to time, as all the diseases do, and it was lasting too long because she had anaemia. And it certainly made sense, they had been missing for a month, malnutrition and dehydration had affected their bodies in different ways. It makes a lot of sense. Leevanna's body was still recovering for physical trauma.The woman had also said that she needed to eat only what her body could take, drink a lot of water and do at least one hour of exercise, like walking. So, when she and Draco weren't rereading the book Charity had given to them, she went with the blond to The Room of Requirement and walked all the place over and over again until both left after he finished with the reparations for that day. That helped. It oxygenated her brain or whatever the mind healer had said.She had also given her a couple of potions that would relieve the morning sickness. It wasn't quite helping though, it was still the same. And, for Leevanna, tasted more than dreadful. It made her want to throw up.According to her two types of tiny coloured pills, the woman had remembered to her that she needed to take one per day, one day pink, the next blue and like that. But the thing was that Leevanna had a lot of thing in her mind to be thinking about coloured pills. So she was skipping some days because she didn't remember at all about the pills. If she didn't remember if she had taken them the day before she just took one of each colour. The healer hadn't said anything about mixing them, so she thought it was okay. Though there were days when she just took all the ones she hadn't take in one, that is, seven pills in one day. The worst thing is that she didn't remember that the mind healer had said her body was preparing for ovulation and that was also a reason for her being so physically weak and irritable.There were also days when she woke up with a terrible migraine and bad humour. It was a grinding pain that started as a vague sensation in the back of her skull but seemed to grow slightly worse every second that passed. Draco would lie with her in bed and start doing massages on her head to release her tension until she falls asleep.The Healer had also checked Draco because if Leevanna had migraines, he had them too, but everything was quite normal with him. What it was surprising was that he hadn't caught the same virus as Leevanna even though they shared everything: bed, cups, plate, clothes — just his —, and more. The woman had just said he needed to be careful with the things he did and do the same as the girl: eat all his body could, stay hydrated and walk.Everything was fine. At least in some part. It was fine.Regarding their nightmares? Quite very far away from fine. Far, far, far away in a foreign kingdom where happiness was something constantly and the grey pieces of cotton of sadness didn't opaque the sun's bright smiles.They hadn't talked about their initiations yet. But both glanced at each other from time to time when the other wasn't looking and the questions couldn't stop being formulated."Remember when you flirted with her in our third year?" Leevanna asked him sighing and shaking her long boots on the floor of The Three Broomsticks once they arrived."I tell you the truth?" He asked by taking the snow out of her hair and she nodded. "I did it to bother you.""What a way to do it," she chuckled softly. "You still dream that I do much more than getting jealous?""Every night," she hit his arm biting her lower lip, then stood on tippy toes to be able to whisper something in his ear. "Naughty, naughty girl," he snickered softly before taking out the coat he had and putting it on her sighing."Professor!" She greeted with a smile when Slughorn entered the place. He approached both students."Sweet Leevy," he greeted while she left a kiss on his cheek. "And young Malfoy," the blond shook hands with him. "Can I invite you two something?""Oh, thank you, it would be a pleasure," said the one with green eyes without turning her gaze away from the man.She had a plan.And she was hoping to not mess it up as she always did with important things. She was hoping not having to need to use the Imperius curse — what Draco was going to do."I think we can make an exception for you and order a bottle of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead, what do you say?" The man asked with a smile.If there was something Leevanna was good at, was manipulating people.She knew how to do it without even being noticed. As a snake sliding under your feet and climbing your legs as you walk through the lethal jungle, a snake ready to bury its venom in your blood with its fangs. Ready to tear you apart and leave you half-dead on the grass as it keeps slinging and surrounding you with a tight hug before nail its fangs again."After you, professor," she said in her sweetest tone before turning her head to see the blond. "Draco, are you going to join us?""I'll catch you later," he dedicated a side-closed-mouth smile to her before whispering something in her ear, she nodded walking with the man again."You never stop surprising me Leevy," Slughorn told her clinking their glasses making the girl giggle a few minutes later. "Your mother and father also got engaged when they were a year or two older than you.""Oh, yeah?" She asked by taking her glass to her lips without turning her gaze away from his eyes, he nodded. "Quite a pity love wasn't their salvation," she chuckled. "How's your return to Hogwarts going, professor?""There's nothing I enjoy more but teaching," he replied still conserving his calm tone. "Especially if there are as many talents like you."        Bingo."Do you think I would be able to reach the shelf?" She asked pouring another little of the drink in his glass. "I want to be top of my class just like my mother used to be.""Oh, of course, of course," he responded bringing the glass to his lips to drink it. "Apart from you, only Harry is almost at your level, I wouldn't dare to mention anyone else.""I had to inherit one thing from my parents at least," a chuckle left her lips before pouring more of the liquor in Slughorn's glass. "You know? That Felix Felicis day, I felt a little discontented with myself," she said sighing."There's no reason," the man smiled at her, and she watches him drink the liquor. "But I'm not going to hid from you that I was very surprised.""Like I said that day," she smiled, "I was a bit distracted from the world, won't happen again.""Oh, no need to apologies," the man chuckled. "What's more, if you pass by my office one of these days, I can give you a bottle," she smiled satisfied."Professor," she called him when she saw that the man had taken enough drinks. Harry had arrived at the place and she had to hurry. "I was in the library a few nights ago," he left the now empty glass over the table and turned to look at her, "in the restricted section."Her green, tired and very many opaque eyes meet his pale, glistening gooseberry iris."I heard, long time ago, maybe when I was still very young," she began, looking away to take her glass before pouring more liquor in the man's, "about a dark kind of magic from my father's mouth," and her eyes met him again."I am sure Severus would be better for this type of chat, sweet Leevy," his mouth savoured the sweet liquid again."Well — yeah," she sighs, "but he hates when I stay until late in that part of the library and even more if I escape my room and go alone," she chuckled. "And you are one of the professors I'm closer to.""Well, tell me," he smiled. "What was the name of this kind of magic?""Horcrux," and a smile decorates her lips and the same time the man's fades away slowly."I — I haven't heard of it before," he answers after a second before the glass makes contact with his lips again. "But I can assure you, you must stay with white magic.""Yeah, I know," she sighs again. "I'm not quite sure if that was its name, though," she shrugged and the glass makes contact with her mouth yet again. "But enough of classes, how is your life going, professor?"And the fake sparkle her eyes had forced to show, make the man forget everything said seconds ago."Some love interest you have under the sleeve?""Not for the moment, dear Leevy," the man laughs making her laugh too. "Nothing could opaque your bigs news though.""Nah, it's not big news," she shrugged. "We still mess up everything like four times a week, but at least it isn't like before," Slughorn chuckled once more before drinking from his glass. "There's a lot of things I would like to forget."And her gaze gets lost for second in the wall in front of her, which, ironically, has the picture of a group of people in the woods.The memories cross her mind like flashes. Merge with each other and call more fellows from previous years. Tearing her brain apart. Chills taunting her. The pain that makes her clench her jaw subconsciously to try to deal with the constant torture appears once again. She can't forget. Doesn't deserve to. She knows. It would haunt her forever.Her eyes meet the professor's in less than a second and a smile is decorating he face yet again."Have you ever wanted to erase a memory, professor?"Slughorn looks at her for a second, trying to decipher the meaning behind it. He doesn't find anything. She is really good at hiding things after all."Or maybe modify it," she emends. "Maybe a bad memory from your childhood or a moment when you found yourself against the sword and the wall.""I suppose..." the old wizard responds as his gaze divagates throughout the place before returning to look at her again. "Maybe there are quite a few," she nods.And she is grateful his gaze now is lost and the man's mind must be divagating throughout all his memories. Memories he wants to forget about the kind of magic she mentioned minutes ago. She is grateful her plan is going well and the use of the Imperius curse is out of the discussion, though, she decides to add more seasoning to the situation. Rush it a bit."Oh — I was forgetting," a low chuckle leaves her lips before her hand grabs the bottle again. "The other time, I happened to pass by the headmaster's office and I couldn't help but hear something that concerned me a lot.""What is it, lovely Leevy?""I don't want you to take it in the wrong way," he frowned. "Just... Well, you taught Tom Riddle when he was a student here and, I don't want you to get angry with me or think I'm judging you, but I heard something like you you revealed certain... information about a kind of magic."Slughorn lost his smile."Who — who said that?""Oh, no, no! Don't get angry," she rushed. "I probably didn't listen to it well anyway, I'm kinda sick lately," her tone was like an apology. "I don't know what kind of information though, I left quickly to not eavesdrop more," she says and a shy smile appears on her face. She knew exactly what kind of words she had to use with him. "But I suppose I would have done too if he was my dearest and favourite student," the teacher smiled gently."And why is that concerning you, if I may ask?""Er — it's that according to what I heard, professor Dumbledore is behind it," she whispered to him. "I don't know for what purposes, but sounded a bit...angry," she continued to see the man take another little of the drink to his lips. "But as I said before, probably I am wrong and all this is just for nothing and I'm just creating silly problems," she smiled at him. "Anyways, I don't want one of my favourite teachers to have needless problems, so maybe you could clear the waters with the headmaster," he nodded."No doubt professor Snape was right, your mind is a diamond," she giggled gently. "Before I forget it, I'm giving a dinner for a few students, an old tradition," and her know-it-all side jumps cheerfully. "You're more than invited.""It would be a pleasure," she smiled before she felt Draco's hand on her shoulder. "Oh, there you are," she said, turning to face him."Well, it's my time to leave," Horace said standing up from his seat with one drink in hand. "Beware, my dear Leevy.""You too, professor," she smiles. "Wait for a bottle of Bungbarrel from me and Draco one of these days," he nodded before leaving. He met Harry Potter at that time."You too, professor," Draco said in a fun tone imitating the girl. "You don't even talk to me like that.""I use another type of language with you," she told him raising an eyebrow. Her tone had returned to the usual one, not the fake sweetie she just used. "Did you give it to her? The necklace?" She asked making a little mime with her hands."Yes," he huffed. "I used the Imperius curse," she nodded.He turned to pull a chair and his gaze met Harry Potter's eyes, who didn't look happy at all. Professor Slughorn was talking to Granger and Weasley."Draco, what..." she stepped next to him, also meeting Harry. "Shite."She fakes a smile towards The Golden Boy and waves one time with her hand as a greeting before turning to look at Draco and return to their places."Do you think he heard us?" Draco asked her a few minutes later before taking a glass of the Fire Whiskey they had ordered to his mouth."I hope not," she replied, seeing him take the liquid all at once. "Slow down," she put a hand on his forearm trying to stop him. He squirmed at her touch."If he listened to us, Leevanna..." He said filling his glass again. "We are fucked.""He didn't listen to us," she tried to convince him and convince herself by taking a little of the drink to her lips slowly. "Stop drinking so fast.""I just used Imperius curse on an innocent girl," he told her between teeth so that no one would listen."It was the only way," she told him in the same way. He denied with a sharp smile on his lips before taking the glass to his mouth. He was a bit jealous because she hadn't used it."What if she touches it, huh? "You extra-large ass brain has even thought about that?"She rolled her eyes at the words. "Yes, and I'm also worried," she confessed taking away his sixth glass of Fire Whiskey."Give me the damn glass," he ordered her growling.   "No.""Leevanna..." he said with a dangerous voice taking her wrist. She gave it to him sighing and taking her own glass to her mouth, drinking all at once. "Good girl."The Healer hadn't said anything about not drinking alcohol and maybe she should have. Both, since the beginning of the school year, were starting to have a little problem with alcohol and cigarettes of Muggle-weed. They could drink all day without eating anything sometimes and the cigarettes were always there to accompany them.The one who had noticed the familiar but odd and alarming behaviour had been Lhu Oneyl, who had warned Leevanna they should control that part of their lives when she found the green-eyed in the hallway wearing glasses and with an unbearable migraine before class a week or so ago. Leevanna had said she was just exaggerating and worrying too much, that they were just having fun and was momentary. She didn't want to admit why she and Draco were drinking so much to avoid thinking about their nightmares.And while that happened, Katie Bell did precisely what they feared."Why is it when something happens, it is always you three?" Minerva McGonagall asked once Katie's friend had left."Believe me, Professor, I've been asking myself the same question for six years," Ron Weasley responded. Professor Snape arrived at that time."Oh, Severus," she said as he approached. "What do you think?""I think Ms Bell is lucky to be alive," he said lifting the necklace with his wand."She was cursed, wasn't she?" said Harry. "I know Katie... Off the Quidditch pitch, she wouldn't hurt a fly," he continued. "If she was delivering that to Professor Dumbledore, she wasn't doing it knowingly.""Yes, she was cursed," Minerva answered sighing."It was Malfoy and Vaughan.""That is a very serious accusation, Potter," Minerva passed her gaze to Severus. The boy was talking about his only family after all."Indeed," the man said turning to look at him. "Your evidence?""I just know," the boy with glasses replied and Hermione pushed him with her elbow in a way to shut him up."You just... know," Severus said starting to walk towards him. "So you accuse my goddaughter and Draco of something serious without evidence," he raised an eyebrow. "Once again, you're astonished by your gifts, Potter," the boy pressed his lips in a line. "Gifts mere mortals can only dream of possessing. How grand it must be to be the Chosen One.""How could you say that?" Hermione told Harry indignant once they had left the place. They were heading to the Gryffindor common room."She is his goddaughter, Harry," Ron reminded him, denying with his head. "And also her boyfriend — or whatever they are — of those you talked about."

"Please, Draco, help me," Leevanna asked him trying to keep her tears in her eyes. "I can't alone. Stand up."The news ran quickly through Hogsmeade and barely the incident with Katie Bell had happened, Draco and Leevanna were aware of the situation. He was already past drinks, she was still sober than him. And without being able to take him out of The Three Broomsticks, she had to use Apparition, but she had miscalculated and they were in the middle of the stairs. Stairs she is hating this moment.She was trying to take the blond to their room."I don't want to," Draco barked. His voice was strange... It trembled. "Let's stay here..."No, they couldn't. Too dangerous. Nobody could see them being like that. Not a professor, nor their friends."Draco, please," she asked him trying to push him away for not to hug her. "If anyone sees us here, they are going to suspect.""It's my fault," he said ignoring her. "It's my fucking fault," he continued. "She's like that because of me," Leevanna climbed the few stairs left with difficulty while listening to him speak. "And also for yours! It's your fucking damn fault!" He spat. His voice had broken and now he sobbed. She cleaned her tears by letting go of his arm. "It's not true!" He then released desperately, bending down to hug her legs. "Don't go, Leevy... Don't leave me again.""I'm not going anywhere," she told him while she tried to get him up. "I promised you, remember? I wouldn't go anywhere.""Hug me," he asked her and she obeyed by guiding him to the room as she could. "Don't leave...""I will never go anywhere," she repeated to him, wiping her tears away while he hugged her waist. She had finally managed to sit him on the bed."I'm afraid, Leevy. I'm afraid something can happen to us," he said, sobbing over her abdomen. "That something happens to you..." his tears wetting her skin. "The man is going to hurt you again... In the deep hole...""What man? There's no man, Draco," she said and frowned confused. "Nothing will happen to me—""Don't lie!""Don't yell, Draco," she asked gently."He watches over us, Leevy," he muttered. "He is going to hurt you... To let the man hurt you again... He's going to kill us..." he told her fearfully while she caressed his hair softly."We'll die together," she murmured, starting to take off his shirt from his pants. "Draco, not now," she begged him feeling how he raised the fabric from her top and left kisses in her abdomen."Kiss me," he asked her, hugging her again by the waist. She kneeled to his height and gave him a soft kiss on the lips. "Are you going to stay with me?""Always," she responded by cleaning his tears with her thumbs before pulling him onto the bed completely so that he could sleep.Leevanna sat on the bed sighing, Draco had fallen asleep a few seconds ago. "Leevy," Lee called her. The twins were with Lhu quite far away, they were already leaving.

"Yes, Lee?" She asked with a smile.

"Are you happy?" He asked her, she frowned. "Are you happy with him?" "Leev?" Lhu asked by scratching her eye while she tried to sit down in the bed. Pansy was next to her too."I — is stupid—" she closed her eyes. "You already have Pansy there, I don't—""Leev, tell me," Lhu scratched her eye. "What happened?""Can I — er — can I sleep with you too?" She asked her closing the door and approaching to her best friend's bed in the dorm they shared."Yes, sweetheart... Come here," she smiled drowsily as she raised the bed covers for her to lay down. "You two are going to sleep with Mumsy Lhu today.""Like old times?" said Pansy scratching her eyes and wiping the already dry tears over her cheeks."Like old times," chuckled Lhu."Daphne is missing," Pansy sighed before supporting her head over Lhu's shoulder."I miss her too, Pans," sighed Leevanna lying down with them. "A lot.""We missed you, too," Lhu chuckled turning over to pass an arm over her waist embracing her. Pansy was embracing Lhu now too."I missed you, too," Leevanna whispered and letting a tear fall from her eyes, feeling it sliding down her cheek as she intertwined her hand with Lhu's and Pansy's."We are the three together again, it would be fine," sighed Lhu before falling asleep. "I'm going to be happy as long as he is with me, Lee," she responded by smiling softly, he imitated her smile nodding. ༄ "Well, see you tomorrow, sweethearts," Lhu chuckled and left a kiss on Pansy's cheek before doing the same with Leevanna.The curly-haired had had the brilliant idea to escape the castle and go with the twins. After spending two years with them and having memorising all the secret passages, she knew how to do it and not be discovered. She would return the next day for lunch or dinner depending on how things went.Pansy sighed and handed Leevanna the heels she was going to use."Daphne is fine, Pans," Leevanna sighed. "Nothing would happen to her being in France, I'm sure Beauxbatons is as safe as here is.""Since when Hogwarts is safe?" Pansy laughed. "I trust more in the Forbidden Forest than in fucking Dumbledore.""Me too, Pans, me too," Leevanna laughed. "You want me to tell Blaise you're thinking about spending the night here?""Nah," Pansy denied with her head. "Theo, Adrian and Millicent invited me to Hogsmeade," she confessed grabbing the brush over the dressing table. "I'm going with them and then I would look for Blaise.""Fine," Leevanna sighed. "Well, I'm leaving now, see you, Pans.""Be careful," Pansy waved goodbye and the green-eyed nodded before closing the door.As Leevanna walked through the hallways heading to the office of Horace Slughorn, her mind was divagating about she not returning to her dorm with Draco all that day. She hadn't left her former room not even for breakfast, Pansy and Lhu neither, they ate there. Well, only the two, Leevanna had woken up with a migraine and her appetite was doing a strike.She was worried about Draco. Would he be fine or worried? Would he have already woke up or decided to sleep all day? Would he have even noticed her absence in their room?She huffed. She was tired and the discomfort in her body was killing her. But she had to attend Slughorn's club dinner, she couldn't be absent.Another thing that was spinning in her mind, was the subject of the conversation yesterday when he was drunk. What man who hurt her? Who the fuck was he and why he would hurt her? And a deep hole? Was that a place or something?She was confused and really wanted to ask... But she was afraid of the answers he could give her. What would happen if he remembered how they had reached the woods? And if he remembered from where she had got the knife?No questions. That would be the best."So tell me, Cormac, do you see anything of your uncle Tiberius these days?" asked Slughorn before taking a tablespoon of ice-cream to his mouth.Leevanna was loving the dessert. She and Blaise were doing funny faces without anyone realising. She was eating, that was good. But she was forgetting something... She didn't remember what was it. Maybe an essay."Yes, sir," responded the Gryffindor that once had tried to flirt with the green-eyed. "In fact, I'm meant to get hunting with him and the Minister of Magic over the holidays."'Gryffin-losers? I don't date, less if they are lions' had been her words two years ago."Oh, well, be sure to give them both my best," said the professor and Cormac nodded.Leevanna pressed the spoon in her mouth with her lips to avoid laughing when Blaise did a large face of annoyance. She had thought when her eyes caught the presence of Granger and Potter, that she wouldn't enjoy at all her stay there, but now she didn't even remember they were there."And what about your uncle, Belby?" asked Slughorn. Blaise and Leevanna, holding the spoons that were in their mouths, turned to look at the boy who seemed a pig eating the dessert.Then Leevanna made another funny face that made Blaise drink water to contain his amusement."And what about you, Ms Granger," now, the two Slytherins while drinking the water of their glasses, turned to look at the Gryffindor synchronously. "What exactly does your family do in the Muggle world?"My parents are dentists."The awkward silence almost made Leevanna spill all her drink."They tend to people's teeth," added Granger."They fixed her teeth too?" And Leevanna had to cover her mouth with her fist when Blaise whispered in her ear inadvertently. He was referring at two years ago when Draco had made her teeth grow accidentally."He needed ten stitches.""What are stitches?" Asked Leevanna in a whisper towards Blaise, who looked at her and shrugged."And you Miss Vaughan?" Slughorn asked and everyone turned to look at the green-eyed, who had a spoon full of ice-cream in her mouth. She passed her gaze through all the people there as she took out the spoon."My parents are dead," she said casually.The silence was so loud that made Blaise snort with the spoon still in his mouth. Everyone kept staring at her."Did I say something?" she whispered lowly towards Blaise, who shrugged playfully."Ah, Miss Weasley," and the attention was now on Ginny, who had just arrived. "Come in, come in.""Sorry, I'm not usually late," the ginger girl apologised and started to walk towards her chair. Harry stood up in that moment making Leevanna and Blaise contain their laughter."No matter, just in time for dessert," said Slughorn. "That is if Belby has left you any."And when the professor laughed, the two Slytherins did it too. Not exactly for the joke the man had made, if not because finally, they had an excuse to do it.After her dinner with Slughorn's club, Leevanna arrived at her room and took off her heels before laying down in her bed tired. Nor Pansy or Lhu were there, she was alone.So the green-eyed one frowned when she heard knocks at the door. Lhu was already back? Or Pansy would have forgotten something?She got up the bed tiredly and went to the door barefoot."Did you and the twins really saw movies this time or what? Or you prefer my fantastic company, Pans?" She said before opening the door knowing that her friends could listen to her. "Oh..."Draco was in front of her with his hands in his pockets and slightly red eyes. His height made him brush his hair against the upper frame of the door."Can I come in?" He told her without being able to look at her. She nodded stepping aside to let him in, then locked the door.The blond looked all over the place and smiled aside when he realised that he hadn't been there for a long time. Almost all was still the same. The girl's former bed didn't have that fluffy comforter anymore and had been replaced by a black feather one. Pansy's things were on the nightstand too. The dark-green tulle falling from the canopy was still there, in both beds. The dressing table still had the music ballerina box and all the cosmetics. Pictures of the group of four girls decorated walls, mirror-corners and the nightstands.There were also posters and ripped pages of magazines. The black leather armchairs still had clothes everywhere and the flower vases were also still there. The three emerald diamond lamps hanging from the roof were on.The dormitory was pretty big, like all the others, that was the advantage of the dungeons. All was three times bigger and five fancier."You look very gorgeous," he told her once she sat on the bed sighing in front of him. She smiled."Thank you."Silence."Forgive me," he said, finally looking at her, she looked up meeting his eyes. "You didn't have to stand me being like that and—""Draco," she called him smiling softly."Forgive me," he asked her again kneeling at her height to hug her by putting his chin on her head. "Forgive me, forgive me.""You are taking my breath away," she said against the fabric of his black shirt laughing. He pulled away from her and cupped her face with his hand caressing her cheek with his thumb gently. She smiled closing her eyes. "You don't have to apologise... Malfoy," she said playfully."Yes, I have to... Vaughan," he said in the same way. For months they hadn't call each other by their surnames, they missed that."Come here," she told him pulling him by the wrist so that both could lay down in the bed. "You're not going to stay calm until I say that I forgive you, are you?" He nodded and she sighed giggling. "I forgive you."He stroked her hair before leaving a kiss on her hair seeing the tulle of her bed."I haven't been in your room for a long time," he told her."Could be that I sleep with you now?" She laughed supporting her chin on his chest."And that's why I can't sleep now if you're not with me," he confessed in a whisper."How — how did you do it months ago," she asked, resting her cheek in his chest again. They didn't really talk about that time, only when it was very late in the night and a question escaped someone's mouth."I didn't do it," he admitted sighing. "And if I already had too many weeks without sleep, I took pills.""Don't ever do that again," she told him sitting on the bed abruptly as he sat too, calmly.No, he couldn't do what she had tried several months ago. He couldn't destroy himself with those shits as she had done. He couldn't leave her alone again.He chuckled softly and nodding. His left hand placed over her left thigh, making her sit on him. Them his fingers made its way to her chin before sliding up her cheek to dive in her curls and kiss her.She cupped his cheeks to deepen the kiss, turning it possessive. Her upper lip fell between his own and he pressed it before ghosting her lower one with his tongue. His teeth found her bottom lip. Pierce the flesh of her own lips. His hands playing with the pits of her blouse before unleashing them.He pulls her lip a bit, nipping it with his teeth and savouring the metallic but yet sweet flavour her blood has for him. His fingers entangled in her curls. Makes a tight fist and his other hand caresses her thigh.She licks the blood clean from her lips and then searches for his, as she always does. Crosses her wrists behind his neck and buries herself in him. Her teeth now catch his bottom lip and nip it with the gentleness only she could give him. Pulls and pierce his flesh until the blood is also staining her teeth. She runs her tongue along the smooth line of his teeth, asking permission she doesn't need and their tongues meet like old friends.His hands fist in the fabric of her blouse and bunches his fingers around her waist, dragging her closer to him.They needed each other.In an obsessive kind of way.The blond directed his wet, hungry kisses to her jawline and neck, where he left purple marks to prove that she was only his. Old habits that would never go away, there's no such a cure for it."Yo-You have the... The knife?" she whispered in the middle of one of their kisses and he nodded."Do you remember your safe word?" He asked by taking her hair with a hand and removing it from her neck to kiss her. She nodded. "Say it," he demanded by caressing her body."Vanilla," she said by feeling one of his big hands tighten her waist by pressing his cold rings against her tender skin.He unbuttoned his shirt and threw it to the ground while she entangled her hands in his hair and began to move her pelvis in a slow and circular motion. They had done the same thing four times ago, so he knew exactly what to do.He played with her tall-shooting black pants until he left them for her hips, then he kept sliding them up to the middle of her thighs. He squeezed her plump ass without hesitation and gave her a spank that made her moan on his lips, he squeezed it again before directing his hands to her bralette clasp.Once her breasts were exposed, he passed his tongue along the edge of these making her moan. He took one with his hand and squeezed it before taking it to his mouth and gently biting her nipple. He kissed the surrounding skin leaving red marks. Then, he continued with the other.She took him out of the neck raising his head to kiss him.He quickly took the belt off his pants and threw it on the floor without hesitation, that time he wouldn't use it on her.The blond quickly changed positions by getting over her on his knees while kissing her. He slides his hands through her waist by pressing his rings on her smooth skin, she dug her nails into his arms wanting more.Draco took off her pants until he left them on the floor and caressed her legs causing her goosebumps. He distributed kisses through her thighs and bit her skin by sucking it roughly. He positioned himself between her legs making her inhale."Don't forget your safe word," he reminded her by taking the knife out of his pants and opening it. She nodded before taking him by the cheeks and kissing him. His hands began to go up and down through her body again. The heat of his hands provoked a chill on her spine.She knew she was safe with him.Draco took the low-tip knife by throwing it toward the sharp side of the blade. He left kisses on her neck, making her back arch a little wanting more. Her body emitted pure heat.He placed the side cold and sharp among her sensible breasts, in her breast bone, while she let away a low moaning from her pink lips. He slowly slid it down, passing the tip through her skin, which was bristling while she let go gasps filled with pleasure. A fine white line formed along the path on which he had passed the knife. The blond slid slowly down, caressing one of her legs and following his way with the knife through her abdomen. He watched each and every one of her reactions."You know the rules, don't move," he reminded her climbing the blade again through her skin above the previous path, making small, almost invisible droplets of blood look at the surface due to the depth of the sharp leaf.But she couldn't help but arching her back in search of attention when she felt the metal pressing with her skin. She was in fucking paradise and they hadn't even started.She liked the pain.She shuddered under his touch causing him to surround her neck with one hand pressing her throat. She gulped."If you keep moving, I'm going to stop," he threatened her and she nodded holding still instantly. Draco released his grip and continued to slide the tip of the knife through her skin descending through her stomach, stopping at her belly button. He slid a little further down, sliding the leaf again through her belly and then her thighs.She wanted to move. She wanted to do everything, but she couldn't.He was going to stop if she did, so she limited herself to letting escape moans from her lips.She closed his eyes by biting her lower lip when the knife caressed the skin of her thigh again. His blue eyes burned on her seeing each of her reactions attentively."Look at me," he ordered her and she blinked a couple of times finding his penetrating blue eyes. "Don't look away, it was clear?" She nodded feeling anxious, wanting more of the cold metal in her skin. "I need words.""Ye-Yes..." She moaned.He returned to her breast bone by placing the sharp blade between her breasts gently nailing the tip."My little good girl," he told her in the ear before kissing her neck by sliding the tip of the knife around her breasts.Her body was pumping with lust and adrenaline. The temperature had boosted in the room.The tension between her legs was extraordinary. Grouping in her pussy.Under her underwear was an ocean from which she didn't plan to let Draco leave.The blue-eyed man slipped the sharp leaf again through her belly reaching her right inner thigh where he made a small cut that made her whimper high."More..." she asked without being able to control her gasps.He passed his tongue slowly through her inner thigh sucking the little blood that slipped through her white, sensitive skin."Do you want more?" He asked her moving away from her body and placing himself between her legs then putting the tip of the knife at her waist to then slide it to her hip by pressing it gently."Yes..." she implored.In an instant, the tip of the knife was nailed into her skin making a small path through the bone of her hip to her waist.She let escape a moaning of pain combined with pleasure.The fucking safe word could go to the same shit.He made a small X in the bone of her hip with clean cuts and then slid the tip of the knife through her belly to repeat his movements.Cries of pleasure escaped from her red lips.Fuck, the pain was fucking heaven.He threw the knife on the night table next to him and she was free to shudder in the bed. He passed his tongue through her skin cleaning up the blood that sprouted. She arched her back.He left kisses for her belly leaving a small trace of blood. Then he opened her legs and pulled her from the hips to bring her closer to him. He slipped her underwear by then throwing it into the floor. His hot breathing crashing her heat made her whimper higher.He slowly passed his tongue through her lips down there until he made contact with her clitoris. She tightened the sheets. The erection under his pants grew.He left her leaving a kiss in her belly and went up the bed until he placed himself on top of her to kiss her."Look at you... So fucking wet," he told her in the ear causing her goosebumps by passing the yolk of his fingers through her recently cut skin. She kissed him on the lips and bit his lower lip making him bleed.She also wanted to play.He unbuttoned his pants while kissing her and sliding them through his legs next to his boxers until he left them in half."On top," he ordered her and she quickly changed potion by sitting on him.Draco pushed his pants and boxers until he left them on the floor before taking her for her hair roughly and putting their lips together.He took her by the waist lifting her a little until his throbbing dick rubbed her wet entrance. She let go of a high moan from her lips while he slowly introduced himself into her. Once she sat down completely, she began to make slow and circular motions with her pelvis to get used to his size while he held her through her hips guiding her.She felt around the night table on her side looking for the knife. When she found it, she opened it.He took her hand by guiding it to the skin of his chest.Leevanna supported the tip on his hard skin by slowly sliding it, leaving a fine white line on her journey. He held her back through her hips and she began to make slow and small jumps.She had discovered that, in that position, he liked it that way.She slid the knife through his chest and without prior notice made two clean cuts forming a medium X. The blood began to sprout and her eyes lighted up in desire.She slid her tongue through his skin by cleaning the blood, sucking it until it stopped coming out. Then she made another cut a little below, this one was smaller. Her jumps were a little deeper and faster.She left the knife on the side table and leaned her hands on his chest as gasps escaped out of her blood-rushed lips.He took her by the neck pressing his rings against her tender skin. With his other hand, he affirmed the grip on her hip. She jumped faster.Leevanna began to see stars while she wailed high feeling every part of him penetrating her more and more. Her walls tightened wrapping his throbbing dick which seemed to be harder than before. She took her head back feeling the orgasm previously built on her exploded like a bomb releasing her body. A loud moan came out of her lips.And as she slowed down her jumps and returned to her circular movements, he let go of a growl before coming inside her a few seconds later.He grabbed her hair hard without letting go of the grip on her neck and attracted her to kiss her. He took her waist and lifted her carefully to dismount her of him. Leevanna panted against his lips.Draco sat in bed passing his hands all over her small and thin body attracting her to him to deepen the kiss. The air became thick again.He separated their lips and looked at her for a few seconds still with her hand on her neck."Naughty, kinky, little girl," he murmured against the skin of her neck smiling while leaving wet kisses."Your naughty, kinky, little girl," she said innocent, putting their lips together again. In less than half a minute he was on top of her again.It could be that the world was going to the same shit and war was coming, but at that specific time, it didn't matter.Nothing mattered. Just them.And maybe it should have mattered.

"Get on top of me," Lhu sighed. Leevanna obeyed.Pansy wasn't with them that day because she had gone shopping with Millicent before the Quidditch match. Not sure at all the Slytherin team would win, but they would throw a party anyway because all needed one."The next time bought a smaller one," she told her with irony while sliding her hand."I'm going to buy one with the size of the Titanic," she replied and both laughed."Oh! Oh! I got it!" Said excited the green-eyed one by making small jumps on her friend."Ouch! It hurts!" Lhu complained."Leevy, are you he — what the fuck?" Draco frowned watching both girls."Can you help us?" She asked by looking at him with a pout before stepping on badly and stumbling."Fucking dumb you are," he told her holding her into the air before she could fall. "What the hell were you two doing?""There's a box up there," Lhu said pointing to the top of the closet. "Leev and I have a stature of elves, so she put herself on my shoulders and the stupid bitch began to jump over me.""I got excited," she shrugged while putting her feet back on the floor. Draco approached the huge closet and stood on tiptoe sliding his hand through the black wood to reach the box."You're telling me that we couldn't take out one damn box even putting one on top of the other and this mate comes and takes it out like that? So easily?"Yep," Leevanna replied by taking the box and putting it on her bed with caution and care."Aren't they beautiful?" Lhu sighed dreamily smiling once they opened the box."They are... Heels..?" Draco responded frowning by seeing both girls look at their shoes with extreme fascination and devotion."Made by Gianni Versace himself," Leevanna sighed embracing one of the heels. "Do you remember my dress for The Yule Ball?" He nodded with his hands in his pockets. "He designed it, especially for me, unique as I am," Draco rolled his eyes playfully at her ego."My precious ones," Lhu said by taking the other pair of shoes that belonged to her to observe them better. "Hurt like hell but Slughorn's party worth it.""Are you coming for breakfast?" Draco asked Leevanna by holding her hand. She left her shoes in the box nodding. Her shoes were nothing compared to hold his hand and feel his skin."I'll see you later," the green-eyed one said goodbye snickering while her best friend settled still hugging her shoes. "Since when you hold my hand?" She asked with a raised eyebrow when they had already left the room."You weren't with me in the morning," he told her looking straight. Almost no one was in the hallways."I left you a note," he nodded taking the paper out of his pocket. "What's going on?""I'm... afraid," he admitted in a whisper. She guided him through another hallway which was even emptier.She is the only person he would admit it, not even to his mother or an authority figure. Just her. It would be always only her. No one else. It had taken a lot though, trust her fully. But he did it now and he knew she trusted him the same way.Though there were two little secrets between the two. Secrets that were trauma. Recent ones."Me too," she smiled at him stroking his hair to comfort him. "But if we die, we are going to die together.""What an honour," he said playing, and she gave him a soft blow to his chest laughing.Both kept walking in the direction of The Great Hall, which was full of people running and playing since it was Quidditch's day.The truth was that Draco wasn't afraid exactly for him, but her. He was afraid something would happen to her, that someone would hurt her. He didn't matter, they could do what they wanted with him, what mattered was her. He couldn't let them take her away again as they had done in the deep hole. He couldn't bear with that again. He couldn't hear her scream the way she did all that time.So, when he didn't see her in bed when he woke up, he thought about the worst. He had thought they had taken her away again and at any moment they would take him too. He thought about his mum, would they torture her again too? He had started hyperventilating.Until he saw the note and was able to breathe calmly again."Huh, I'm going to miss seeing you play Quidditch," she told him before taking a strawberry into her mouth. She was hungry and fortunately, the morning sickness had disappeared that day, she hoped it would stay like that.She could hardly bear to smell many foods now some days, much less try to taste or completely swallow them. Fortunately, the smells of the outdoors did not bother her, so, continuing with the Healer's indication, she and Draco would walk and walk over the snow through Hogsmeade.He sees her lips slid across the fruit and the rosy liquid that slides down a corner of her lips when she bites it. His lips direct to her neck, leaving a kiss there before nuzzling the tip of his nose with her earlobe."And me, fuck you in the showers after the games," he said taking her hips, she was sitting on one of his legs."That too," she nodded laughing. At that moment Ron Weasley entered through the dining room doors wearing his Quidditch uniform. Leevanna took her gaze away quickly and looked at Draco. "I hate your hair," he frowned in amusement."And I hate your clothes," she rolled her eyes smiling.The truth was that, even if Leevanna liked his new haircut, she missed his long, dishevelled hair, the one he had had in previous years. She made it her goal that, when all the uproar in which they were living ended, she would force him to let his hair grow."Are you going to go with me to Slughorn's Christmas party?" She asked him passing her finger through one of her chocolate-covered toast. She took it to her mouth to suck it before passing the yolk over the toast again.She had missed chocolate a lot."Do you want me to go?" He took her wrist and attracted her finger to his mouth before sucking it gently, just how he knew she liked. She nodded. He whispered something in her ear and she nodded before whispering to him something else."Really, I want to know what you whisper so much of," Lhu interrupted them sitting in front of them."Nothing," both responded and the green-eyed shrugged."I thought the twins were going to come today," Leevanna told her friend. "Their brother is playing after all.""It's Saturday, today the store is full," Lhu answered her before taking a piece of pumpkin pie to her mouth. "Maybe I'll go tomorrow, do you want me to tell them something?" The one with green eyes denied."Hey, Luna," Leevanna greeted the girl."Hi, Leevy," greeted her by waving her hand. "Your arm is better?" the green-eyed nodded smiling and got up from her lover's lap to go with her."Can I talk to you?" Luna nodded and both went to an empty corner of the dining room. Everyone was running all over the place and Leevanna needed privacy. With Luna she always needed privacy."What's wrong, Leevy?" the blonde eagle asked sweetly and smiling softly."The other time, on the train, I don't know if you remember," she started saying. "But you told me something that left me thinking," Luna frowned softly. "You told me to be careful about what I eat, why?""Oh," Luna recalled before smiling to her. "I'm surprised you haven't figured it out yet, Leevy," the girl frowned. "Although is very recently.""Is it a bad thing?" Leevanna frowns. "What you were talking about.""I suppose it depends on which side you decide to look at it," she smiled gently. "Well, it's almost time for the game, see you later?" The green-eyed girl nodded still confused and let the girl go."What's going on?" Lhu asked her before taking another little piece of the pie to her mouth."Do you think someone is trying to poison me?" She asked sitting down again on one of Draco's legs, who looked at her confused."What are you talking about?" Lhu asked by frowning. "Why the hell would someone try to poison you? Specifically you.""Forget it, I'm crazy," she said denying with her head. "It's just that Luna told me something that left me confused, that's all."Leevanna supported the elbows on the table by standing idly. What the hell did Luna mean? 'Depends on which side do you look at it'? What does that mean? A chill ran down her back when she felt The Dark Mark burning on her arm.It hadn't stopped doing that for days now, it burned so much that she had started scratching it frequenter, with more pressure and anger until her nails would dig in her skin and Draco yelled at her for hurting herself.Though he always apologised repeatedly when the tears started to appear in her eyes.During those three weeks, Leevanna had become more sensible and there were days which everything bothered her. Her migraines were every day worse and she had to constantly clench her jaw to try and release the constant pain. The pain had grown so severe she only could read for some hours and then Draco had to start talking.The daylight worsened the headaches; fortunately, the snow had already embracing everything at its white pace and the days were darker. Constantly their room was in gloom and only one lamp or two could be turned on to not aggravate her pain, that kept her in bed, somedays with her arm over her head and others she rolled over and cradled her head in her arms as she tried not to vomit from a combination of morning sickness and pain. Sometimes she could feel her body shaking slightly and then she was able to see how her hands trembled. She was physically weak, very.Draco was getting frustrated. She didn't get better and a month had passed. But she had begged him to not call the mind healer again or she would give her more of those potions that tasted horrible and he couldn't force her either because it certainly tasted like shit, so he didn't call the Healer.The nightmares were still the same and that made her head throb painfully, it was like having her brain slowly being crushed as a met rod drove through the base of her skull and was constantly nudging her brain. She gave low sobs and Draco massaged her head not caring at all about his own physical pain.The Muggle-weed cigarettes were helping with Leevanna's pain, fortunately. They could smoke them or not. The aroma was enough. Drinking was out of the list because the next day Leevanna couldn't even get up.The two were going through a rough time.The worst was that they couldn't take a single breath of their tasks and constantly needed to leave their pacific room to face the world.Both were about to give up of the world and tell everyone and everything to go and fucking suck it. Entirely."Gryffindor could suck it," Lhu huffed giving the cigarette to her friend after giving it a long and deep drag.Leevanna hadn't gone to the match because she had been with Draco fixing The Vanishing Cabinet during it. Nobody would realise their absence anyway and Draco didn't have to play. Lhu was updating the girl of how the things had gone.They had walked all the castle because Leevanna couldn't bear the noise in the common room and Lhu wasn't in the mood of a party."George and Fred too?" Leevanna asked in amusement. Lhu laughed denying with her head, then she let out the smoke of her lips."I feel like they always have preferences, at least more than the other houses.""You just realised it?" Leevanna raised an eyebrow. "You took your time," Lhu pushed her with her elbow laughing."I don't say that their victory was unfair though, they certainly played well today," she started saying. "But if you start thinking, they're the 'best' house just because they have fucking Harry Potter," she sighed. "What would have happened if the fucking Sorting Hat had put him in Hufflepuff? Or Ravenclaw? Or Slytherin?""If The Sorting Hat had put him in Slytherin, Dumbledore wouldn't take points from us for literally existing," sighed the one with green eyes. "And we would also win the House Cup always.""That's another thing!" Lhu said. "Harry always does something that raises him above all of us," she shrugged. "And it's not that I don't thank him for preventing many things from happening, but... I don't know," she sighed. "With Hermione and Ron, they always break a lot of rules and Dumbledore give them a lot of points for that, but if someone from another house did the same by accident, they would be expelled," a huff left her lips. "Especially if they are from Slytherin because we are 'the bad ones' and all that shite.""Dealing with prejudices who?" Leevanna chuckled. "I swear every time I walk through the hallways someone is burning my neck with their eyes, I can feel all the gazes over me," she huffed. "And if it isn't glaring is the fucking commentaries behind my back," she lit another cigarette and gave it a drag. "I am a Slytherin no a fucking serial killer, for Salazar's sake.""Exactly!" Lhu exclaimed un complain. "Every time a kid is sorted in our house I have to spend like one hour trying to convince them it isn't the end of the world because all the things that are murmured," she huffed. "Poor kids, Merlin's bloody tit.""Well, if you have a child, make sure he or she is chosen by a prophecy and that a powerful dark wizard wants to kill him or her," both laughed. "And make sure The Sorting Hat put him or her anywhere but bloody fucking Gryffindor.""Believe me, I'll step on it if that happens," Lhu laughed and gave the cigarette a drag. "Leevy," she called her after a few seconds. "I know about the Dark Mark."Leevanna remained silent."Ho-How do you know?""Because I'm your best friend and I know everything," she chuckled gently before taking the cigarette off her hands and giving it a drag. "Besides, you hate baking cookies, even if it is with Cissy.""Thank you for not telling anyone anything," she sighed by taking the cigarette and giving it a long drag."You know I wouldn't tell a soul even if they tortured me," she smiled. "You're my best friend," she laughed pushing her with her hip. "Do you remember when we met?""You didn't stop talking and I had a zip on my lips," Leevanna laughed."You still loved me," she laughed before hugging her from behind, making her chuckle. "Well, I'm shitting of cold so I'll see you tomorrow," Leevanna nodded and Lhu left a kiss on her cheek before leaving the place with the cigarette in her hand.The one with green eyes sighed and took the edges of her jacket to hug herself. Winter was hitting quite hard and she was very grateful for that. The ice and cold relieved nightmares and pains quicker.She left the courtyard and began walking through the corridors of the castle in search of Draco. She didn't go to the dungeons because she knew that he wouldn't be there and even approaching the dungeons would give her a migraine she was trying to avoid. After repairing the bloody cabinet, they had taken separate ways because he wanted to chat with Charity Burbage a bit and Lhu had come for Leevanna.The green-eyed walked fast until she reached the stairs that lead to The Astronomy Tower, where he would always go when he needed to think.She smiled without being able to avoid it."You won't be thinking about jumping without me, right?" He came out of his thoughts and turned to look at her by chuckling softly."Would you get mad? If I jump without you?" He asked. She nodded walking to him."You would leave me alone," she replied. "You can't leave me alone," a sigh came out of her lips. "That's an order.""Yes, my captain," he chuckled and kissed her head by hugging her from behind.No, he wouldn't dare leave her with all the suffering on her shoulders. She didn't deserve that. She didn't even deserve to suffer. He would not permit her to pass more traumas. Both had had enough from it. "I interrupted your thoughts?" She asked him."Don't ever say that again," he replied.She entered his thoughts without thinking twice. But she didn't see sad thoughts, nor bad memories. In fact, she saw herself laughing and doing many more things. She saw small details in the memories that both had formed together: her smell, the movements of her hands, how her hair moved, small tics she had. And a Patronus...She was about to say something, but he interrupted her.Draco entered her mind and also saw himself. He saw memories with her over the years. He saw them grow together. The conversations in the early morning, the games they invented, the times they sneaked into the kitchen to look for sweets. The dreams she had. He also saw himself through her eyes.The invasion to their minds had been softly, but it was still an invasion and now Leevanna was dealing with the seed of the migraine starting to successfully produce fruits."I didn't know you could conjure a Patronus," she whispered by intertwining her hands with his hands.When her hands laced with his, he noticed just how small they were now that her palms were pressed over the back of his hands. He could wrap his fingers around her entire hand. He had forgotten how it felt, intertwining his hands with her in a quiet place. Where there are no second thoughts, no worries of what they were doing — only him and her and their hands fitting together like puzzle pieces."I didn't know either, I found out last year," he replied by supporting his chin in her head.It was true, he had been in that same place playing with his wand while he missed her. At that moment he only thought of her, all the time his mind was with her, wishing her. He had made the Patronus movement with his wand without realising it and there it was..."At least is a bloody dragon and not a fucking unicorn, you know?" He sighed and she giggled softly."Why it would be a unicorn?" She chuckled."Because was that day when I realised that I was in love with you," he confessed."Wait — mine is a dragon too.""Always copying me, don't you?""Oh, fuck off."He laughed before turning her over and taking her from her waist to bringing his lips together with her in a warm and... curiously tender kiss.His lips brushed her, softly, delicately, like butterfly wings, just long enough that he could inhale her breath, feel the warmth of her skin, savour her delicious cherry syrup and honey flavour her pink lips had. Lips meeting lips in a soft and gentle caress, becoming intoxicated by their familiar flavours, feeling the hunger within their hearts. Not wanting to stop that sweet embrace.Nothing could have possibly meant more than them, nothing could have more beauty than this moment. He misses more than anything these moments. When they are capable of forget everything and just let the thoughts fade away with the wind.God, he had forgotten how much he loves her.Her kiss like the beating of a butterfly's wings, soft until it became addictive. The snow falling felt the final touch. The cold travelling all their bodies without a pause. And is warm. It feels warm.Not trying to win a battle but seeking union and closeness and the sharing of one breath, one sensation, one timeless and passionate moment.Soft yet immersive, gentle yet powerful all the same. All there was the two of them. All he could feel was her: liquorice cherry, old books, flowers in his nose. And he thinks that she hates spring but yet she is so like it.The world melts away.The fragrance of spring and the taste of warm honey was intoxicating. With his eyes shut and eyelashes brushing each other, her warm breath felt like a spring breeze under a pink and crimson sky with the green grass as a pillow. Her delicious blood-rushed lips melted like ice-cream in his mouth.She entangled her hands in his hair, attracting him more while standing on tippy toes to reach him.The kissing intensified with scintillating touches and stimulating gestures. He plunged his tongue deeper and deeper savouring the sweet and spring taste she will always have.

"I really hate your clothes.""Don't you like it?" Leevanna asked him looking herself in the mirror. He stretched out his hand inviting her to bed, she approached."I love it," he told her kissing her lips while she sat on him. "The thing is..." he said sliding one of the strips of her long, silver dress for her shoulder. "Factory problems."His lips kissed her neck going down her chest until he reached the edge of her breast."Stop," she said laughing again, rearranging the strip, he narrowed his eyes at her. "I have to go," she murmured biting her lower lip when he began to kiss her neck again."I reach you later," he told her looking at her and placing a strand of hair behind her ear. She frowned. "I want to do something first," she nodded. Draco saw her put her shoes quietly and then take a small bag to leave. He breathed. She was going to be mad, no — furious — with him when she found out.He denied with his head before passing both hands through his face huffing. The pain in his arm was killing him.He got up from the bed quickly and went to the bathroom where he soaked a small black towel in the sink, the same one he had used with Leevanna at the beginning of school year. Time passed quickly.During the last six weeks, the things had been pretty... alarming? — Draco didn't know how to describe it. It felt as something bad was going to happen.Leevanna was every day sicker and Draco was running out of resources.So he had called the Healer, who only dosed her with hydration and nutrition potions twice a day because she was out of the country and wouldn't come back until January and obviously couldn't see the girl until those dates. Draco hadn't called anyone else because she was the only Healer they both knew who had The Dark Mark. They didn't trust someone else.Leevanna could barely keep the potions down for a few seconds before immediately start retching and then vomiting until she sat on the floor with her head hidden between her arms sobbing because the pain in her body was horrible.Draco was about to start crying too. He didn't know what the fuck else to do.There were days, though, when she was in a good mood and her appetite seemed to be back for a few hours. She could eat any kind of fruits and more fruits covered with all kind of syrups. But then, at night, she would start crying due to the pain in her abdomen and the migraine it provoked. And she vomited again.She was getting even thinner and Draco was scared of touching her a break one of her ribs.She would lay limply in bed within their darkened room and wished she'd die as she made fun of herself and the tears ran down her cheeks. At least she laughed. That was a good sign. They wanted to see it that way.His cold fingers usually touched her cheek, brushing back her hair and then resting against her forehead. Caressing her softly and delicately as he always did until she fell asleep. He would see her bit her lip and fought against crying. He knew she was so tired of crying because it later grows to a horrible migraine that made her cry more.He unbuttoned the sleeve of his shirt and rolled it up to his elbow. It was quite hypocritical of him to tell the green-eyed not to hurt her arm when he did the same thing.He took the towel and pressed it against the skin of his arm to lower the burning that caused that damn mark. He started to rub the fabric through his arm roughly. He needed to take that mark out in some way.The problem was that... it was impossible.He felt his eyes burning, but he just couldn't stop scrubbing the wet fabric. There must be a way to take it out of his skin to get rid of Leevanna's too. He growled when he saw that he had scratched himself unintentionally. He took the fabric off his arm and decided to put it under the water directly. At least that way the ardour had stopped.The blood blended with the water sliding down his pale skin.He closed the water key and dried his arm with another towel. He buttoned the sleeve of his shirt again and looked himself in the mirror for a moment, he looked dreadful. The sparkle of a bottle of Fire Whiskey caught his attention.He slowly lowered his look to one of the rings that decorated his hands, specifically the one in his ring finger. That one which matched Leevanna's.His gorgeous and sweet Leevanna. Only his. His wife.He shook his head. He couldn't do that to her again, just not. He had promised he wouldn't hurt her again. Nobody would hurt her again. He will make sure of it.His put on his black blazer and turned off the light from the room to leave.Meanwhile, Leevanna took a photo with Slughorn."For you," she smiled giving him a bottle of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead. The man took it smiling and she whispered something in his ear.Leevanna was extremely good at manipulating people."Thank you, lovely Leevy," he thanked her, she nodded. "Enjoy the party, my dear," after that, he left. She followed him with her gaze for a few moments. That wasn't a normal bottle and she knew it."There you are," Lhu said, kissing her cheek. "Where's Draco?""Oh, he had something to do, he must be on his way," she told her before taking her hand and make her spin. "I'm jealous of Fred and George, Salazar's sake.""And I'm of Malfoy," Lhu laughed imitating her action. The curly girl had been invited to the party since she was one of the best in her class as well, only that she had decided to go alone since the twins weren't there.Outside the place, Harry Potter and Luna Lovegood approached the door to enter the party.Draco, sitting on a hidden corner, looked at his ring. The others had stopped taking on importance since he and Leevanna shared one. He usually looked at it for a long time.He huffed; she was going to be furious. But he would find a way to amend it later. Or at least get her not to cry.He got distracted a while with the ceiling decorations: Chinese lamps.Inevitably a smile decorated his lips when he remembered the last new year he had spent with her. He headed towards the party, maybe he could tell her — No.She was going to understand it — or that's what he wanted to believe.He turned around closing his eyes and avoiding going with her. He had to do something for his own once in his life. He needed to do it alone.Leevanna had been helping him a lot, she deserved a break from all the hustle and bustle they were living in. He could let her enjoy a night by herself without having to worry about anything. He had to do that for her.When he reached The Room of Requirement, he immediately searched for The Vanishing Cabinet. If he hurried, she wasn't going to get so angry. Maybe she wouldn't even realise it.He placed the green apple he had in his pocket and closed the cabinet. He took out his wand and began to speak: "Harmonia Nectere Passus. Harmonia Nectere Passus."He let it pass a few seconds and then reopen it. It had worked, after months, it had worked. He smiled even seeing the space. Leevanna was going to be so happy... If she didn't kill him first, obviously.He closed the cabinet again and spoke again: "Harmonia Nectere Passus. Harmonia Nectere Passus."He breathed. If this worked...He opened the cabinet again and there it was.Returning to the party, Lhu and Leevanna had already drunk a whole bottle of Fire Whiskey by themselves. They had been with Luna moments ago, but the blonde girl had left them to and speak with one of her friends from Ravenclaw."If I have a son, would it be George's or Fred's?" Lhu asked, making the girl chock on her drink while she laughed."Maybe you have twins, one of each," Leevanna replied once she stopped laughing. "First of all, why do you want children?""Why not?" Lhu responded shrugging. "You don't want kids with Draco?"The green-eyed thought. Nope. No children who would cry and make her cry and get her out of her senses. She didn't want to share her ice-cream with anyone else. With Draco was enough and it still bothered her."I don't know," she finally replied. "I don't want to become my mother and he doesn't want to be his father," a sigh left her lips. "We haven't really talked about that though.""Imagine his or her character," Lhu laughed. "If you two are so fucking dramatic, I'm waiting for a fucking musical from your kid.""Touché," both laughed before clinking their glasses.And at that moment, Filch entered the party taking Draco from his coat."Take your hands off me, you filthy Squib," said the blond between teeth."Professor Slughorn, sir," Filch began to say without letting go of the boy. "I just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor. He claims to have been invited to your party.""Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing," Draco responded. "Happy?" And Leevanna could realise at that time that he had avoided her gaze."I'll escort him out," Snape interrupted."Certainly, professor...""Alright, everyone carry on, carry on," Slughorn said with that happy tone that characterised him."I'm very sorry, professor," apologised the girl leaving her glass on the table and rushing out after Horace dedicated a smile of understanding to her.She raised her dress and began running around to reach Snape and Draco, whom she was going to kill with her own hands."Maybe I did hex that Bell girl. Maybe I didn't. What's it to you?" She heard Draco's voice closer, she slowed down."I am trying to help you," Snape said coldly. "I swore to your mother I would protect you," he confessed. "I made the bloody Unbreakable Vow, Draco—""Looks like you'll have to break it, then, because I don't need your protection! It's my job, he gave it to me and I'm doing it," responded the blue-eyed equally. "I was chosen for this," he continued. "Out of all others, me, and I won't fail him. If I do, he is going to hurt her.""You're afraid, Draco," said Snape. "You attempt to conceal it, but it's obvious, let me assist you, let me assist the both of you. She is my family too.""Severus," Leevanna interrupted coldly. Both turned to look at her, Draco released himself from Snape's grip. "I will ask for your help when required," she said passing her gaze through both until she stopped at the black-haired."Leevy..." tried to say Severus."It's okay, I'll take care of Draco," she told him smiling weakly and he nodded, then he left. And her head began to hurt again, she felt the morning sickness becoming now a night one.Leevanna put her gaze on Draco, but she took it away and stared straight head starting to walk.Draco huffed. Yes, she is furious."Leev, listen to me..." he began to say trying to take her wrist, but she walked away abruptly."Where the fuck were you? Fixing The Vanishing Cabinet without me?" Her voice came out angry, but she wasn't yelling. He couldn't look at her. "Just what I thought," she said smiling sarcastically and then keep walking."I'm trying to protect you," he told her grabbing her wrist turning her over."Oh, yeah? Look how much I care," she spit between teeth jerking of his grip roughly before looking at him up and down, then she started to walk again.When they arrived at the dorm both shared for more than a year and a half, she locked herself in the bathroom slamming the door. She sat in the toilet sighing and took out the black shawl she was wearing. She took the small towel next to her and soaked it before passing it through her right arm removing the makeup she had on."Can you go out?" He said almost begging after knocking the door.She sighed and left the towel on the sink standing from the toilet.If she was mad? She wanted to dig a fork in his brain. She wanted to use all the strength that was left in her body and stab him with the bloody knife of before. Maybe choke him and then dance on his grave.She opened the door, looked at him for a few seconds and then slapped him."I deserved that," he muttered seeing her pass by his side heading to bed. "Can you talk to me?" He asked seeing how she took off her shoes and looked up. He didn't know if there was hatred or anger in her eyes. "Forgive me.""Why — didn't — you — tell me — that — you — were — going — there?! Huh?!" She said hitting him with a pillow between every word. He took her from her wrists and looked her in the eye. Her fine black eyeliner now sliding down the corners of her eyes and her long, thick, black eyelashes decorated her eyes full of red veins. She was already shedding tears.He wrapped her in a hug feeling how she hit him to let her go. He giggled softly before leaving a kiss on her head.He already knew how he was going to make it up to her."I wanted you to enjoy one night with other people, that's all," he told her still without letting her go. She huffed before surrounding him with her arms."Fucking bastard."They stayed in that position for a few minutes. He breathing her aroma and stroking her hair. She without knowing whether to kiss him or dig her nails into his face."I'm still mad you know?" She said."Let me fix it then," he said in her ear.She separated from him, looking at him confused."The ropes are still kept," he whispered again in her ear.She took his shirt's hem pulling him towards her."No," she murmured on his lips before releasing him and turning over. "I'm angry with—"And he surrounded her neck with his hand and mashed his lips against hers as if trying to flatten and destroy her pretty mouth. She hungrily pushed back, her mouth open and tongue pushing past his clenched teeth to the moist space within.Her hands took the hem of his shirt again, melting with the game of their tongues. He pressed his rings against the skin of her neck and with the other hand he began to feel around the desk looking for the drawer.His kissed descended to her neck, nipping her skin a little before his mouth came in full contact with her shoulder skin, bitting it down aggressively. A small moan came out of her lips as she pushed his blazer backwards."Draco—" she gasped melting with his kisses. "I'm... I'm angry with—""How many?" He snapped against her lips."How many what?" She breathed wanting him to kiss her again."How many orgasms do you want to have, little girl?"His eyes fixed on her lips."Fucking thousands," she responded before mashing their lips again. He chuckled softly between the kiss.She began to unbutton his shirt quickly, passing her hands through his hard chest skin. His large hands slid agilely through her small body before lowering the strips of her dress, which slipped to the floor in a second, leaving only her panties."Are you going to forgive me?" He muttered between the kiss as his hands travelled over her body.She denied with her head.He pinned down to the bed by her neck; the rings decorating his veiny large hands pressed again her tender skin."Are you going to forgive me?" He asked again, breathing heavily on her lips.She gulped.She does not say a word.Instead, just watches and enjoys the frustration pool inside him. Although she had already forgiven him. It wasn't a really bad thing, after all, she understood him.But watching him getting frustrated was hilarious to her. And she liked him angry."I fucking asked you something," he said dangerously lowly. "Or should I fuck you little tight cunt first?"She panted against his lips as she continued watching the sexual frustration accumulate in his stormy eyes."Second option," she breathed closing her eyes when their lips and tongues met again.He took the ropes, that were resting on the bed, and began to kiss her neck before moving away from her.She glanced at his body: his open shirt letting her eyes met his pale skin, descending to his abdomen and then his defined V-line.Hell, he was fucking gorgeous and she couldn't deny it. Years of Quidditch weren't a waste."Hands," he demanded and she slid her arms until her hands collided with the canopy of the bead.He passed the rope around the metal rods before mooring them and then tying her left hand. Seconds later he continued with the right. She raised her head a little so that he could place the bandage well.Then, with agility, he slid her panties down and tied her ankles to the canopy too. Her back arched a little as she gasped when she felt the itching between her thighs increasing.He finished taking out his shirt, throwing it to the ground before going up to the bed, placing himself between her open thighs.He kissed the skin of her neck again, caressing the curves of her small waist with the yolk of his fingers, causing her to squirm on the bed while letting groans escape from her lips, which were like a purr.He fucking lost it.One of his hands slid down her belly, reaching her lips down there; she bowed her back moaning softly.His long fingers quickly found her clit, which he began to massage slowly and tortuously making her twist with pleasure.His middle finger began to go a little faster, caressing her clit circularly. She made fists, pulling the ropes.Her legs flexed, also pulling the ropes that held them."Are you going to forgive me, little girl?" He breathed against her lips.Her back arched.Her body pumping with adrenaline and lust as she lost herself in the pleasure."No," she spatted.But she moaned again.His finger rubbing a little faster."Are you sure?" He teased kissing her chest."Very..." she breathed when his finger started rubbing linearly even faster.Her hips bucking softly against his hand.Her legs pulled the ropes more, trying to flex more."Come on, little girl..." He teased again brushing her wet entrance and slid it up to her clit again. "Forgive me.""Ah... Fuck..." she moaned wanting him inside her. The pool between her legs caused her legs to tremble."Answer, little girl..." he muttered before catching her lower lip between his teeth, pulling it a little before releasing it."I'm not... I am not — oh, God..." she moaned feeling his fingers rubbing her clit frenziedly, hitting it.Her legs trembled more as her back arched; her forehead almost brushing the sheets.He captured her lower lip with his teeth again, but this time he bit it until he felt a little of her sweet blood entering his mouth.She deepened the kiss and captured his lip between her teeth repeating his action."My little good girl..." he whispered in her ear. "Are you going to cum for me?"And she couldn't help but nod.One of his fingers slid into her wet entrance, and she cried loudly enjoying the wonderful pleasure he always provided her.In and out.In and out.He penetrated her so deeply with his fingers that his yolks were colliding with her limit repeatedly.And she fucking lost it."You like that, little girl?" He harshly muttered in her ear.In and out.In and out.Faster."Oh, God... Yes..." she moaned arching her back.His thumb paid attention to her clit, massaging it quickly while his fingers entered and left her repeatedly and roughly.A trail of delirious, softly and pleasurable moans escaped her blood-rushed lips continuously.Music for his ears."Holy fuck..." she whimpered feeling in the clouds as she pulled the ropes until it hurt.Just that... The pain in her wrist and ankles turned her even more.It didn't take long for her slick walls to begin to adjust and tighten around his three thick fingers, which no longer had room to even move. Her back arched as she felt a big current travelling down her body."Fucking Christ! Ah...Draco," she wailed arching her back as the orgasm liberated inside her.Draco took his fingers out of her quickly before taking them into his mouth and lick them."Fucking sweet you are," he whispered against her lips before kissing her again. "Now... Open your thighs, little girl."She nodded biting her lower lip, tasting the blood inside her mouth.His hands travelled down her body as he kissed her neck, nipping his teeth a bit leaving little purple bruises. His kisses went down to her breasts, where he began to lick and suck, and then bite her nipple gently making her moan softly. His nose brushed the skin of her abdomen, his lips did it after.Leevanna squirmed on the bed letting small groans escape her lips.His lips kissed the skin of her abdomen, biting her a little before taking her hips roughly and bringing her closer to him, causing his breath to crash with her wet pussy making her twist in pure lust.His tongue slid from her entrance to her throbbing clit, where he began to suck smoothly.Twirling, gliding, swirling. His tongue made her cry loudly. This time in a good way.Her hips bucking softly against his mouth.He passed his hands under her thighs, taking her waist with them and attracting her more while sucking and licking.He was eating her effortlessly. And she was lost in the lust and pleasure."So fucking sweet," he gasped softly, pressing his rings on her skin.Another current travelled down her body making her squirm and moan."Ah... F-fuck... Draco — Oh, God..." she fought to breathe as her back arched.He thrust his tongue into her using it to slowly massage her entrance to then entered her. His tongue dug deeper and then went back to her clitoris as her legs slowly wrapped around his head feeling her orgasm building.He slipped his tongue again inside her wet cunt, swimming in an ocean.She was his best drug.Like cocaine or opium.Maybe ecstasy.Fuck it, her flavour was a completely superior drug.The blood on his lip slid to her pussy, making him gasp softly against her. He slid up to her clitoris starting to go faster. Her hips bucking against his mouth furiously.He continued to eat her effortlessly.He licked, sucked and closed his lips hard over her, again and again, and again. The open-mouth kisses made her thighs shook even more. His tongue paying close attention to her clit, then at her entrance, then back onto her clit. He swirled and twirled around her throbbing clit as her hips bucked and she felt a star exploding inside her.Fuck the star, an atomic bomb.He sucked and licked up her cum attentively and wanting.He pulled away from her pussy and started to kiss the skin of her inner right thigh as he roughly bit her skin until he left a purple mark, then followed with the other thigh.He pulled away from her as he unblocked his belt to them climb up the bed again.And he smirked."Are you going to forgive me, little girl?" He teased on her lips as the fabric covering his big erection pressed her heat."Fucking yes..." she groaned softly.He chuckled against her blood-rushed lips before joining them in a rough and raw kiss.Their tongues playing together.He pulled away from her and lowered his dress pants to climb the bed again.She winced and moaned softly when his thick tip pressed her clit."...Do you want me to fuck your little tight cunt, Leevanna?" He breathed on her lips.She nodded biting her lip."Holy shite!" She wailed when all his thick, hard and thick cock entered her completely."You are so fucking tight—" Draco grunted without being able to move inside her.Her back arched and her tiny body squirmed under him.His forearm placed behind her head, starting to pump slowly so that space could be made.His pounding soon became hard and aggressive. His frustration directs to his hips as the continual thrusts intensified.Her pussy self-lubricated more at his big and thick size. She pulled the ropes even more enjoying the pain on her wrist and ankles, and the one from the thrusts.Pain game.She loves it.And she loves him.Their bodies pumped with adrenaline and hormones.Her hips bucking his and his pressed hers. He growled under his breath thanks to her tightness. He thrusted deeper inside her with such force and pressure that she wailed loudly.His thick tip hitting and pushing something inside her as her back arched.He was the deepest he could go, but he continued to push that something in an attempt to destroy it. His thrusting was aggressive, powerful and hard enough for making their slightly bed clatter against the wall.She breathed heavily as her head banged against the bed, his pace increased making his thrusts became wild, harder and more aggressive, immersing himself deeper and without mercy.With every harsh thrust, she groaned, moving closer and closer to the edge of another big climax.His erratic breathing colliding with her face as she let scape cries and wails."Draco... Oh, God!" She moaned loudly feeling another explosion inside her body.The currents made her body squirm.He pounded her once more before feeling his boy release too, filling her up with his thick cum. Draco let escape a soft moan as he bit down onto the skin of her right shoulder trying to cover his loud moan.That was music for her ears.His thrust slowly withered.Both aggressively panting and gasping for air with their hearts beating fast.He left a soft kiss on her lips as she let out a breathy little moan of her lips. He pulled out of her and went down the bed to free her ankles, then her wrist.She squirmed on the bed trying to catch air as he climbed up again."You look so fucking stunning all flustered," he breathed on her lips, looking for her hand to then tangled it with his above her head."Trying to make up to me with compliments, aren't we?" She teased smirking as she breathed heavily."Not just compliments, though," he teased back before holding her left thigh to flex it.She pressed her knee on his torso.That was going to be a long night.

"Don't cry Narcissa," Leevanna asked hugging the woman tightly. At least all she could. She was weak."It's my fault, Leevy," Narcissa cried hugging her back, "you're like this because of me," her tears burned in Leevanna's skin. Narcissa didn't deserve to cry."It's okay, we are fine," the green-eyed murmured caressing her hair."My son... My only son..." the woman trembled. "And you didn't even have a choice."They had arrived at Malfoy Manor a few days ago and the house seemed colder than before. The beautiful plants that Narcissa Malfoy had cared carefully all those years, seemed to die with form the woman cried every day more and amore. Lucius Malfoy's absence felt in the air. All was gloomy. The windows seemed more opaque and the paintings didn't even smile.Leevanna had been with her making tea while Draco ordered some things in the library or so he had said. The green-eyed had snatched her blouse so as not to strain herself and had completely forgotten The Dark Mark, which had red edges, scratches and nail marks from past times. Narcissa, when she saw her arm, had started crying inconsolably.And what else could she do? She had apologised to them trillions of times, but she couldn't go back. What was done was done. She hadn't forgiven herself for their initiations and now Leevanna was sick. Her children had their mental heaths destroyed and the state of things was complete shit.The green-eyed had quickly lowered her sleeves, but Narcissa had already seen what she was trying to hide. And when she asked if Draco had the same marks, she couldn't help but say yes."Cissy, look at me," the girl asked. "It's not your fault, things happen and that's it," she smiled weakly."I'm so sorry," the woman apologised for the umpteenth time hugging her. Her body was so tiny than Narcissa had become taller for her."Stop crying," Leevanna asked her in a sweet tone. "Draco must be coming and you don't want him to see you like this," Narcissa nodded and separated from her to clean her tears.Leevanna took her hand smiling. It was definitely not her fault. Narcissa didn't deserve all this suffering, she knows. Narcissa is tired of crying every day like a soul in sorrow, she knows.At that moment, Draco entered the kitchen. He frowned when he saw his mother turn around passing her hands through her face wiping her tears."Mum? Is everything alright?" He asked she turned to look at him with her best smile."Oh yeah, Leevy and I were laughing, that's all," she replied before caressing his hair. "Well," she clapped smiling. "Go upstairs, I'm going to see what we do about dinner," and the smile become more real. "Today is Christmas.""Don't you want our help?" Draco asked."Honestly, you don't even know how to cut a tomato, so no," she laughed."That's not true, Leev—""Ah — don't look at me," Leevanna interrupted laughing and raising her arms. "And Cissy is right.""See? Even your wife knows," Cissy laughed before moving her hands and kicking them out of the kitchen. "Enjoy the day, I'll let you know when everything is ready," Draco nodded and left a kiss on her forehead before leaving with the girl.Narcissa loved her son, more than herself if you wanted to compare. She blamed herself for what had happened to them. He paid for his father's mistakes. He had that mission because The Dark Lord wanted to punish Lucius, she knew it. She wasn't going to forgive herself if Draco and Leevy didn't go out alive."Mum was crying, right?" He asked once they were in the living room. She nodded slowly, in silence. "She knows about...""She does," she replied, letting a sigh come out of her lips. "She saw it by accident," he nodded.Draco took her hand and guided her to the huge piano that was in a part of the room. She was no longer angry, he had made sure that she forgave him that same day. He had also promised her that he wouldn't go to that place again without her.Both sat on the bank and she looked at him with a raised eyebrow."Play," he told her supporting an elbow on the edge and putting his head on his hand to see her. She rolled her eyes in amusement and placed her fingers on a couple of keys. She pressed them gently, making them sound. Little by little, she pressed more to form a melody.Draco took her waist and placed her on one of his legs, then he began to play another one she didn't know."Leevanna," he murmured once he stopped playing after a few minutes. She turned her head. "That's the name of the melody.""Is that why it's sad?" He denied laughing."It's not sad, it's relaxing," he replied. "It's like you."Before she could say something, the door made a noise when it opened. Both looked at each other confused."Stairs, stairs," Narcissa begged running in their direction. Both stood up fast and she took a hand from each one pulling them to the stairs to start going up. Everything happened so fast.They hadn't climbed half of the stairs when a voice stopped them."Evening, Narcissa" Corban Yaxley said. "Leaving already?"Narcissa turned her head and found his twisted smile. She pushed both teenagers to make them climb but was impossible. Dolohov, Rowle, Alecto and Amycus Carrow also entered the scene preventing them to go and hide. The woman turned completely after breathing deep to control her nerves."Gentlemen," she greeted with a feigned smile while she went down to approach them. "Let's go to the dining room, do you fancy a drink?""Ah, no, we're fine," Rowle replied turning one of the chairs over to sit down. Leevanna and Draco stood at one of the edges of the table, they didn't want to sit down.Though Leevanna was weak and her migraine had aggravated seconds ago because all happening so suddenly, she didn't want to sit down. She didn't want to share table with the people who were putting so much pressure over her lover's shoulders."We won't be here for long," Amycus continued supporting his feet on the table. "We don't want to ruin Christmas," he mocked."The Dark Lord has just sent us here to control his youngest members," Yaxley said smiling maniac before drumbling his nails at the table. They all turned their heads towards the two teenagers. Narcissa gave them a quick look. "How advanced are you in your tasks?""Horace Slughorn modified his memory," Leevanna responded, trying to keep her voice firm. Dolohov moved his fingers as if he were an orchestra master."Voice so melodious," he said turning his head to look at her. She felt sick.She really wants to throw up now. She can feel the retching taunting to climb her oesophagus and leave her mouth."You, boy? How's the cabinet repair going?" Yaxley asked after rolling his eyes."It's almost done," Draco answered flatly. "Only needs a couple more tests.""Hard to believe," Rowle added passing the tip of his tongue across his upper teeth."He said it was almost finished," Leevanna growled."Uh, the princess has bad temper," Alecto played."Don't forget who was the one who saved your arse from death," Leevanna fought back giving a step to face the woman.Alecto was about to stand up but Narcissa placed herself in front of her to protect the girl. They would hurt her, Narcissa knew it. And Leevanna knows she needs to control her tongue sometimes."There's no need to bother," Narcissa spoke keeping her chin high. "Both are fulfilling their tasks," Alecto innocently raised her hands."We'll finish our tasks, and that's all," said Draco. "After that, I hope my family and I are left alone. Including Leevanna," he emphasised."Do you believe so? Do you think this ends and you're free?" Amycus mocked. The confusion on the blond's face grew. "Once you're a Death Eater, you're forever," the Death Eater's eyes penetrating Draco's. "There's no turning back."The idea of living in that way made Draco tremble from within. He didn't want blood in Leevanna's hands, nor his. He didn't want to have to live in fear. He wanted his mother to be free, he wanted him and Leevy to be free. He was grateful or whatever with The Dark Lord for bringing Leevanna back to his side but that gratefulness was becoming sickness. Something didn't feel right since Charity had started giving them classes."What do you say, Malfoy?" Dolohov spoke pulling Leevanna's wrist turning her back to him. Draco's blood began to boil seeing how he took her hair away from her neck to smell her. Leevanna was frozen. "Maybe if I play with her, you will finish your task faster."And that was his last bit of patience and self-control.Draco immediately pushed Leevanna to the side approaching Dolohov. He pulled him by the hem of his shirt and brought him closer to his face breathing heavily."You put another fucking finger on her...""What? Are you going to hurt me?" He joked chuckling between teeth before a devilish grin formed on his face.Draco saw red.He didn't hesitate twice and punched him.The worst thing was that Dolohov started laughing, he was on the floor, with his nose broken and bleeding, but he laughed.Before Draco could throw himself to the ground to continue punching him, Leevanna stood in front of him. "Enough," she whispered with tears in her eyes. He calmed his breath little by little seeing her in the eye."I think it's time for us to leave," Yaxley said, standing up from his seat. "Boys.""It was a pleasure, Narcissa," Rowle said before leaving, Amycus and Alecto followed him."See you... Princess," Dolohov mocked passing behind her. Leevanna didn't stand and turned to punch him."Dolohov! Walk!" Amycus grumbled pulling him out of his shirt to get him out of there before he could say something else.Leevanna put aside her mask of strength and covered her fist with her hand implying that the blow had hurt her."Good punch," Draco congratulated in a murmur seeing the exit before chuckling seeing how she huffed.Narcissa sat in a chair covering her face with both hands before breathing deep and looking at them with a smile. Her eyes were full of tears."Go upstairs, my loves," she said standing up to kiss both in the forehead. "I'll let you know when everything is ready.""Mum..." Narcissa shook her head smiling to retain her tears."Up, up," she hurried them. Draco and Leevanna went upstairs after both leaving a kiss on Narcissa's cheek. When they arrived at the blond's room, the green-eyed took his hand and both apparated.That situation had reminded her that she had something to do. A very important thing she couldn't let pass anymore.Vaughan Manor was emptier than before. The plants grew uncontrollably along the front of the house giving it an abandoned appearance. The Ministry of Magic had invaded the place in search of evidence for the judgement a lot of times and the place was a disaster. The plants even grow inside the house.Leevanna hadn't been there since she returned from Austria. Narcissa had taken her to take all the things she could and go back to Malfoy Manor a day before Neferet's and Nicholas' trials. She lived with Narcissa and Draco now. Though Leevanna never saw her house as a home, it was weird bit comforting being back. At least for a while. She had missed her former manor curiously. It was weird, she had suffered there so much for a lot of years and now she missed it.Leevanna felt a few steps approaching."Mistress Leevanna? Is that you?" Maglor's voice, her house-elf, made her smile. She had missed him a lot, too.She knows the elf had hid himself when the Ministry went to give the others to new masters. She wonders if the elf had felt as alone as she feels all this time she couldn't go to see him."Hello, Maglor," she said kneeling to his height. "How are you?""The house is very alone, I haven't been able to fix anything," she denied with her head smiling."It doesn't matter," she told him passing her hand through his head. "I want to give you something," she smiled at him. Draco looked at them standing behind her. Leevanna stood up from the floor going to the huge bookshelf behind her, after a few seconds she took out a thick book of black paste. "This is for you.""For me?" asked the elf smiling and receiving the book."Do you remember that book?" he nodded. Both had read it when Leevanna was nine and that Christmas her parents had forgotten completely about her. It was one of Leevanna's favourite memories. "Open it."And only takes the elf a hew seconds to find the page."Mistress Leevanna Vaughan has given Maglor her favourite gloves," she nodded giggling. Those black leather gloves which had been her protection for years could be someone else's now. "Mi-Mistress has presented Maglor with clothes... Maglor is... Is free? Maglor can marry Mipsy now?"Yes, Maglor," she said bending again and chuckling, "you can marry her now," she smiled weakly, "and I'm so bloody sorry for all these years of suffering," she cleaned a tear off her cheek. "You are free now, you can go.""But — but Mistress...""Go before I cry," she laughed and the elf nodded. "And stop calling me Mistress, you can say my name now.""But Mis—" Leevanna raised an eyebrow. "If you need anything, Leevy, I would help you.""I know, Maglor, I know," she smiled. "What I'm going to ask you is that you cannot make appearance a few more time, okay? Go to Brazil," the elf nodded. Now, go, I'll deal with this mess of house we used to have.""Thank you," the elf told her before snapping his fingers and disappearing. Leevanna sighed."Do you free elves too? Is there anything else I don't know about you?" She laughed and stood up to take his arm leaning on him sighing."Maglor deserves it," she sighed. "My father treated him horribly.""Now you're making me feel bad because I cried when Dobby left," Draco sighed and she laughed."Come, let's explore," both went up the huge white marble stairs that led to the second floor. The place was beautiful without a doubt, but it was cold.Draco thinks his home, even though silent after his father came back, always had a touch of being warmer."I present to you, Draco Lucius Malfoy," the green-eyed starts, "for the first time, my room," she said, pointing a nice black door that soon turned into a portrait of a girl with very long white hair. Between her arms was a cat Draco knew very well.

"Ah!" exclaimed indignantly the girl in the portrait. "Who said someone could — oh...""Hello you too, Leev, missed me?"The girl in the portrait let out a sarcastic scoff, "You dare to say I missed you when you were the one who disappeared," she rolled her eyes before fixing them on Draco. "Why is he here?""She is my wife," said Draco crossing his arms.The girl's eyes widened, "Your what?!" and she looks at Leevanna, "What happened with the 'I would hate him forever'?!" her voice sharp."He is mine now, "Leevanna shrugged. "We have things in common, Leev," she says. "Remember that you don't know him, you are—""—A portrait of your twelve-years-old self, I know, I know," the girl rolled her eyes. "Well, password."Now it was Leevanna's turn to roll her eyes, "Flores in peccatum."The portrait wrinkled her nose with annoyance, "Fine, you can enter."And so the door opened."You have the tastes of a five-year-old," he laughed watching the decorations. A double rosy bed with white canopy and tulle with fine butterflies falling, a diamond chandelier was on the roof. All the furniture had leaf golf details giving the room a royal air. There was also a stand next to several canvases and watercolours."Hey!" exclaimed a familiar voice that made Leevanna chuckle. The girl on the portrait was know facing the inside of the room. A charm Leevanna had learnt from Severus when young."She is a little sensitive," she whispered towards Draco who raised an eyebrow."I am not such thing!""But she is right, not everything is what it seems, Malfoy," she said raising an eyebrow and sitting on the bed. "Look there," she pointed a wall. There, among the beautiful designs, you could see the shadow of two small hands. "Now there," she pointed inside the huge empty closet this time. Small scratches were seen on the walls and the floor there was a quite dirty blanket.And through Draco's mind crossed the memory of him seeing Leevanna being slapped by her father many years ago. Also all the conversations both had about their traumas.It hurts. For Draco, it hurts.   "Leevy...""It's okay," she sighed smiling and standing out of bed and approaching the wall were the shadows of the hands were.Her hand made contact with the wall and she had to close her eyes when a scream followed by a cry resonated throughout her mind. When she opened her eyes, she realised that the size of her hands hadn't changed a lot, just one centimetre was the difference. She caressed the wall once more and sighed."Your paintings are beautiful," Draco said crouching down to look at the canvases. Some could move, some were static. Leevanna laughed smelling one of the many vases with already dry flowers that were there. Her flower book was also there.She ran her fingertips through the small tea set on a table, then through the bookshelves and finally through the curtains. She took a small porcelain doll and both left the room. "Come, let's keep exploring," she smiled at him and he nodded. "Goodbye, Leev.""Pff, hallelujah," she rolled her eyes and looked away before giving a quick glance to Draco. "Take care of her and," this time she gave a quick look to Leevanna, "don't die.""I'll miss you, too," Leevanna chuckled starting to walk away.A few hours later, Leevanna had explained the entire infrastructure to Draco: the furniture, the books, the places she didn't have allowed to enter, the dungeons, the huge library."This is the family portrait," she sighs when both leave the library to enter the living room.A woman very similar to Leevanna but with longer hair, was sitting on a velvet armchair wearing a elbow-sleeve, v-neck victorian white dress. Her left-arm supported on the arm of the chair. Her cheeks had a soft colour of pale-pink contrasting her pale face and a sapphires necklace around her neck. By her side was a man with unhealthy pale face and serious expression. Dirty-white hair falling by the sides of his face reaching his elbows. He was wearing dark clothes similar to once Lucius Malfoy had worn but with the difference of a velvet cloak.The painting of the side was a girl of no more than ten-years-old or so. She wasn't wearing any makeup, what made her skin look even whiter. Her hair perfectly straight and behind her hair. A black chocker and a gold-made necklace with a big black stone in the middle around her neck, a ring on her right-hand index finger. She was wearing a black victorian dress with sage-green decorations. Perls going up as necklaces.

"Why you aren't on the main picture?" he asks."Father didn't want to be near a blood-traitor," she says. "It represents how the family is broken."And both continued walking... Until they arrived at her parents' room."Severus never let me in and neither did my parents," she confessed before taking the knobs with a lake of nervousness. The door opened slowly and gave way to a dark room. Both entered and Leevanna opened the huge curtains so that the moonlight could enter. The room was quite luxurious.Leevanna closed her eyes a second when her eyes caught the bathroom. Exactly the bathtub. The memories of her mother crying and the white sheets covered in blood fluttered in her mind's eye as distorted images."I think this is for you," Draco said taking a small envelope from the bed. She turned and approached him to open it. 

  I'm sorry for the unhealed parts of me that in turn hurt you. It was never a lack of love for you. Only a lack of love for myself.  I never found love Leevy. I think you realised that when you were very small and I'm so sorry for traumatising you about it. Your father and I didn't love each other, we were forcibly married because I got pregnant.  At first, I blamed you, I was very young and in love with someone else that you have known for years but never said anything. It took years to realise that you weren't to blame for anything. Severus helped me in that, he loves you so much, I swear. I'm so sorry for being so blind.  I let your father do so many things, do so many things to you. I let him hurt and neglect you so much. I thought that was right, I thought that being submissive I would be able to earn his love. I was so stupid and so fucking wrong.  As I saw you grow up, I realised that you were going to be different from us and I prayed for that, so that you don't become a monster. Every time I saw you with Draco, I knew you had found love — please never separate. You two are all I once had and let pass.  I know you're not going to forgive me overnight, nor would I. I'm just asking you to live your life Leev, to be happy.  Raise your voice every time you want, fight for what you love. Do all the things I couldn't.  I love you, Leevy.With love and repentance,

 Leevanna closed the letter and cleaned the tear that had fallen from her left eye before it kept running down her cheek. She kept the letter inside the porcelain doll and took Draco's hand."Want to go back?" He nodded leaving a kiss on her forehead.When they returned to Malfoy Manor, it was already almost midnight and the smell of the food filled the house. Both changed quickly and went down to help Narcissa with the final details for that night. The world was going to hell, but she wanted the three to celebrate because that would be their last Christmas partially calm. The world was going crazy and Narcissa wanted a minute of peace without any preoccupations.Fortunately, Leevanna was in her best physical mood and succeeded in eat all she could until she couldn't resist. She had missed the taste of food so much after months of not being capable of keeping it down for her body to nurture. And Draco was relieved by that.That night, after dinner, Leevanna put on music and took Narcissa to dance and make her laugh. That woman deserved the world not all the nights she had spent crying now. Draco had also taken her out and then he had done it with Leevanna. It was a curiously warm and happy Christmas in such cold and scary times.The 31st of December, Narcissa had decided to go to sleep early, so Draco and Leevanna were alone since half-past eight after their dinner in the garden. They had already wished the woman a happy New Year before she went to her bed. Both teenagers knew Narcissa was very tired."Can we spend this new year without fighting?" Leevanna chuckled laying on their bed."I think so," he chuckled caressing her hair. "I have a surprise for you.""Have you heard another one of my conversations with your mother?" He rolled his eyes. No. He would not do that again. He had learned his lesson very well."It's something you're going to like.""You?""No, you idiot, not me — I mean, yes — me, but — can I talk?" She laughed and nodded. "Give me your hand.""I'm already married," this was his turn to laugh. He extended his hand sitting on the bed and she took it.Russia."What..." at that moment, it marked midnight and the sky lighted up with colours. The time zone make them be three hours behind Russia, so they had been just in time due that in England had just marked nine."Happy New Year, Leevy," he said placing a strand of hair behind her ear before joining their lips."The country thing is my thing, y'know?" She murmured a few minutes later pressing their foreheads."I know," he said before kissing her again.He kisses her like he knew she wanted to be kissed, like no boy had ever kissed a girl, soft and moist and hot and breathy, seeking union and closeness and the sharing of one breath, one sensation, one timeless and passionate moment.The heat rose in her cheeks as his tongue touched the girl's tongue as too old friends, quick and electric and delicious, then firmer, more determined, more curious about the heat that lay within, seeking to chase down that elusive liquid lightning that reached through both of them.They were lost in each others presence. Unable to turn away. Unable to think. Unable to reason. Their kiss, though not the first one, is powerful. As if they hadn't seen each other in decades. Locked onto each others aura's. Their lips fell together like north and south poles of a magnet. Their hands touching the fabric of their clothes, the soft hair on their heads, eyes closed.He could feel her lips press harder against his. Her tongue clinging hard to mine. Enjoying the sensations as he gently sucked her tongue a little. She wanted more and she got more. He knows how to give her more.Only warmth and affection for one another surrounded them in bubble form as the snow started to fall over them.They were almost untouchable.Draco didn't plan a tour around the world, that was left to her and her crazy plans. In the first country, he thought of was Moscow, because of the colours and fireworks, also because none had connections there. They were two strangers in a huge country they had never been.That early morning they did nothing but try new dishes, try to speak Russian and dance under the snow that was falling. He had bought a camera too and kept taking photos of Leevanna, who laughed all the time. Draco was fascinated with the sparkle of her eyes every time she saw something she liked.There was no doubt that Moscow was a beautiful city, but compared to Leevanna's green eyes, it was nothing.He laughed when he saw her shook her head. She didn't like Vodka and he was sure it burned her throat, but she kept asking for it."If you throw up, I'm not going to hold you," he said when she finished her second glass. He was sure she was going to have a migraine after, but that didn't matter that night."If I throw up, I'm gonna do it on you," she answered rolling her eyes."Did you just rolled your eyes to me?" She glanced at him with her third glass halfway."Maybe..."Then he got up from his chair and carried her on his shoulder making her laugh."It was a pleasure, proshchay," Leevanna said goodbye in Russian waving her hand, the man who served her drinks imitated her gesture. "Are you going to carry me all over the street?""No, we just got to our hotel," he said leaving her on the floor. They hadn't walked much."In what moment did you pay for a hotel?" She asked entering through the huge glass doors of the luxurious hotel."That's a secret," he said in her ear, she rolled her eyes again. "You rolled your eyes at me again?""Yep..." she said smiling when they arrived at the reception."Draco Malfoy," he told the receptionist, who gave him a key. Being honest, he had been a little anxious about talking to Muggles directly and by himself... But he had managed to do it. He felt a bit proud of himself. The classes with Charity were helping.Draco carried Leevanna in bridal style and both went to the elevator already open. A few seconds later they were in their room."Woah," she said getting off him and going to the balcony. All of Moscow could be seen from there. "What floor are we on?""Thirty-four," he said in her ear positioning himself behind her.Both remained silent for a few seconds admiring the view they had from the huge balcony.Draco slid his hands through her tiny waist by pulling her to him. He kissed her neck softly, leaving red marks on it. Leevanna giggled softly."You... You rolled your eyes at me," he told her in the ear."And what are you gonna do about it?" She asked. He turned her over without hesitation and pushed her body against the barandal, starting to kiss her roughly and raw. Leevanna let a soft sigh out of her lips when she felt his cold rings press the skin of her neck."I think you deserve a punishment, don't you?" He told her against her lips before kissing her again, she nodded entangling her fingers between his hair.He lifted her making her wrap her legs in his waist resting her arms on his shoulders. The blond left her on the bed and began to kiss her neck while she unleashed his tie and took his shirt out of his pants. He lowered the straps of her dress down her shoulders to kiss her collarbone, she arched her back wanting more.Draco slid his hand through her leg raising her dress and rested it on her waist. She raised her arms and took out her dress quickly to start unbuttoning his shirt.He pushed her against the bed by taking her from her wrists and placing her hands above her head."I want you to touch yourself, Leevanna," he said in her ear causing her goosebumps while sliding her underwear through her legs until he left them on the floor. She gulped. She had done it before, like two or three times, so it wasn't new for her.Draco got out of bed and took off his shirt by leaving his tie on the bed.Leevanna slid her small hand through her stomach and belly under Draco's attentive gaze. Slowly, her middle finger trailed down towards her cunt. She let out a moan of her rose bound mouth.Her finger began to make a line on her clit slowly making her way with her other fingers. She rubbed her clit circularly accelerating the pace a little. Her fingers danced, pried and played onto her already wet cunt.Draco's erection started growing.His eyes passed through her whole body observing each of her reactions. He loved seeing her unwind even without his own touch.They had discovered that game less than two months ago and they certainly loved it.Ordinary sex wasn't for them.They liked to experiment.She continued playing with herself and soft, delirious moans escaped her blood-rushed lips. She separated her legs more by moving her fingers faster. And without being able to avoid it any more, she entered a finger into her wet entrance.She covered her mouth with the back of her wrist as a reflex action, but soon she knew she was going to regret it.Draco plunged over her body and grabbed her wrist from her mouth pinning it down to the bed."Don't ever cover your mouth," he berated and she nodded. Draco melted at the submission in her eyes.He got up from bed while unbuckled his belt.She continued playing with herself, rubbing her soft tender fingers against her clit in circular and linear motion. She soon introduced another finger into her entrance.Draco's erection grew harder."Who do you belong to, Leevanna?" He breathed lowering the zip of his pants."Yo-You..." she whimpered as the circular motion of her fingers speed up against her pulsating clit. She looked down at his cock and her cunt self lubricated instantly.Draco saw she was reaching her climax. But he didn't want her to cum so easily.If she wanted to be a brat, she was going to have a punishment.He roughly grabbed her hand away from her pussy as she winced and her back arched.He positioned himself between her legs seeing how she put her hands above her head panting heavily. Her chest rising with every breathing.Her hands passed through her waist causing her to jerk in bed letting go of a soft sigh of her rosy lips.His fingerprints had an effect on her skin that no one and nothing else could have."Please..." she begged by feeling the yolk of his fingers travelling all over her body. Her body emitted pure heat and the orgasm inside her was about to explode at any moment."Beg," he demanded.She moaned higher when his cold rings pressed the skin of her neck."Please... Please," she panted as he left wet kisses all over her chest and neck leaving little marks.He loved to torture her.That was his favourite game."Please what? What do you want?" He interrogated in her ear by causing her back to arch. She wanted everything now, but he wasn't going to give it to her so easily.Draco directed his kisses to her tender breasts and licked the edge of her already bristled nipple. She whimpered arching her back. He pressed his hand on her waist while he went down her breast bone and abdomen leaving purple marks for nip her tender and soft skin.His wet lips caressing her skin while she was on the edge was paradise.She lowered her hands by placing them next to her hips and tightened the sheets breathing heavily. His kisses were killing her."I can't hear you, Leevanna. What do you want?" He said before biting her belly's skin, making her twist from pleasure."I... I want..." She tried to answer but she couldn't. The words couldn't come out of her mouth.Oh, he was extremely good at torturing her.Leevanna ran both her hands through his blond platinum hair wanting him to down his kisses when he suddenly grabbed both of her wrists and the tie next to her.She winced.She didn't deserve to touch him until she spoke.He knew that that turned her even more."Until you tell me what you want, you can't move," he said tying her hands to the bed. She moaned by biting her lower lip.She needed to cum, but he wasn't letting her.But the thing was that she knew that every time she disobeyed him, she received the best sex of her life. So she did it quite often.So she moved."You fucking little—" he said between teeth wrapping her neck with his hand roughly."Little what?" She panted teasing him. She loved to do that. "Say it.""Leevanna..." he muttered in a low and dangerous tone. "Don't provoke me.""Or what?" she breathed. "You are weak."Draco pressed his rings against her skin smirking diabolically.Weak?

"A fucking little whore," he said before blowing her pussy making her wail. "That's what you are.""Yes..." She moaned feeling her whole body shaking."I'm going to show you who is the weak one," he muttered in her ear. "Yeah? You little prat."Then he left hungry kisses for her skin descending to her belly again.But she wanted more, she wanted to anger him...Draco separated her thighs abruptly and pulled her by the waist downwards, attracting her to his mouth. She whimpered.The blond left a kiss on her belly nipping her skin gently and went down until he reached her wet and pulsating pussy. She tightened her fists by pulling the tie. He began to kiss her inner right thigh and roughly bit her skin until he left a purple mark, then followed with the other.Leevanna struggled not to tremble when his hot breath collided with her heat.Oh, she wanted to cum so hard."You can't cum," he demanded under his breathe. She knew she was so screwed.He passed his tongue through her lips down there, making her moan like a reflection act. He slid his tongue through her entrance and went up to her clitoris, which began to massage listening to how she moaned. A whole fucking movement.Her legs slowly wrapped around his head on request to continue what he was doing.And he knew exactly what he was doing.He is extremely good at what he does.But only she could testify about that.Leevanna couldn't help it and arched her back by feeling his tongue dug deep into her wet entrance. She arched her back more when she felt how he slid through her clit and returned to her entrance slowly. She shuddered at the pleasure he was giving her.She knew that if she kept moving, he was going to get angrier.And she wanted that."Fuck—" she wailed pulling the tie until it hurt; her body jerking on the bed. His fucking marvellous tongue was going to make her cum in any second.Draco went up the bed and cleaned the saliva of his lower lip with the back of his hand before taking her chin roughly making her look at him."I told you not to move," he threatened her dangerously, she tightened her legs by arching her back."Make me," she teased and then she felt his fingers travelling down her belly until he reached her clit again.He sank two of his fingers into her by rubbing her clit in a circular motion with his thumb. He took his fingers in and out quickly, making her arch her back more if it was possible. She could feel the climax burning inside her body.Fuck all the shit, she needed him inside her fucking her harder until she couldn't breathe now."Draco..." she moaned squirming in the bed feeling his fingers going faster and faster. "Please...""Please what? You haven't told me what you want," he said by rubbing her clit and kissing the skin of her neck."Please... Ah, please, Draco..." she panted shuddering in the bed while he fingered her faster. "Please... Fuck me, please..." she begged, feeling her climax about to explode.He quickly took his fingers out of her and untied the knot on the bed to turn her around."And this is for moving," he told her in the ear before sitting her down roughly and hard on his throbbing dick by pulling her hair back.Oh fuck, that had been fucking painful.She had made him angry, she had achieved her goal.She would deal with it.He pulled her hair tightly, no caring at all that she had to get used to his size. Her cries of pain blended with pleasure were music for his ears. Leevanna supported the back of her head on his shoulder while her pelvis moved circularly and fast.Draco slid one of his hands through her belly while leaving kisses on the skin of her shoulder. His cold and long fingers made circular and fast movements rubbing her clit again. She arched her back letting a wail out of her mouth.He pushed her back to bed and took her hips to go deeper inside her.Her hands tightening the sheets while she cried against the fabric.He came out of her and turned her back into bed after several seconds, positioning himself in the middle of her legs to pound her again.Leevanna arched her back by feeling him completely inside her again. She flexed her legs tightening his waist with her knees asking for more.Her nails dug into the hard skin of his arms, letting delirious moans out of her red lips.He plunged her slowly, hard, and deep.Their open mouths barely touching, joined in a rough and possessive kiss. Both were reaching their limit.Draco surrounded her neck with his hand pressing his rings on her skin while he pounded her mercilessly. Leevanna scratched his back by arching her back forward, feeling the orgasm exploding inside her. He looked for her lips coming inside her at the same time.Both panted on each other's lips.Moscow had become their favourite city at that moment.

"We should go to Spain.""Tokyo.""We can go to Tokyo and then Spain," she responded rolling her eyes in leisure.It had already been five days since they returned to Hogwarts and that was the first night they went to The Room of Requirement to continue repairing The Vanishing Cabinet.Leevanna was still sick. Barely they had put a foot on Malfoy Manor again she had started having fevers and even more constant migraines that didn't even let her open her eyes. The dark, heavy drapes were always closed, impeding the light to enter. Narcissa had taken care of her a lot, giving her nutrition potions because she ate steadily less and less, and also putting wet and cold towels on her forehead to release the pain she felt. The girl had lost almost all her muscle tone and even her own clothes were big on her.She had even to use spells to make her school robes fit her well and not slide. "It hurts," she sobbed lowly against Narcissa's shoulder while she helped her to put on a grey jumper.

"I know," the woman muttered caressing her hair before taking her shoulders to look at her. "Merlin, you're so thin."

Leevanna looked down to her body and found the sleeves of a jumper, that once had fit her exactly, now slid down her hands and seemed enormous. She cried more.

"I'm going to take care of you," sighed Narcissa hugging her tightly before leaving thousands of kisses on her face promising that everything would be fine. Narcissa had given a fuck and used a Muggle phone to call the Healer and tell her everything about Leevanna's situation because owling would not help. The Healer didn't know what to do because her trip had postponed until the middle of January. Narcissa had yelled to her as she had never before, then she apologised for exploding so bad because it wasn't the Healer's completely fault.Taking her to St Mungo's Hospital was out of the options. They wanted to go, but it was too risky and the only way would be Apparition or Floo Powder and Leevanna hadn't had the strength for that. Besides, in the hospital, there would not be many doctors who would dare to treat the girl properly without being afraid of her. After the trials of Leevanna's parents and Lucius Malfoy, almost everyone had turned their backs on them even for the smallest things that could happen and no many Healers had the Dark Mark or even were in the Dark Lord's side. If they went to the hospital, the noise of the children who were there and the cries for the souls who left the earth would only aggravate the situation.St Mungo's wasn't an option, so Narcissa had thought about the hospitals in Albania, but, as they had thought before, using Apparition would only hurt Leevanna and take away all her strength.Narcissa had also thought about using her abilities in Legilimency and see if she could find something. But, the art being an invasion to the mind even if she did it the softest she could, would also take the green-eyed's strength away or even aggravate everything.Leevanna's symptoms weren't normal. Narcissa had read about all the deceases the girl could have — even Muggle ones though it was impossible — and none fitted with how she was. Not a single one. Not even the most obvious one. The anaemia she had aggravated everything to put the cherry on top. Narcissa was out of ideas. Nothing fitted. Leevanna was a new case in whatever thing she had. "Leevy?" asked Draco drowsily seeing her stand up from the bed. It was quarter-past four in the morning.

"I have nausea," she muttered starting to pace in the room for at least fifteen minutes before starting to cry. "I— I don't know what else to do."

"Come here," sighed the blond taking her hand to take her back to bed and wrap her in his arms. "I'll find a solution, I promise. I always save you, remember?" She nodded against his chest. The most little ray of light worsened the horrible headaches she had and constantly was running to the bathroom to start throwing up. Draco had made fun of her and told her she shouldn't have drunk too much Vodka. She had just taken out her middle finger and laughed before starting to cry inconsolably.Within those few days that they had been in Malfoy Manor, Leevanna had stayed in their room and had made a lot of effort to return to Hogwarts. In the train, the movement and smell of everything made her throw up more than ten times before she fell asleep.The last five days had been the same. Fevers, migraines, vomiting, crying, pain and more.Not even the aroma of the Muggle-weed helped anymore. Leevanna was lost. Aromatherapy just made her throw up.That day was a miracle she was in a good mood and had been able to walk from their dorm to The Room of Requirement without closing her eyes to stabilise herself."You just rolled your eyes at me?" He asked with a raised eyebrow leaving the apple he had in his hand aside."Maybe," she answered rolling them again.A couple of seconds passed in which Draco dedicated himself to stare at how she took out her wand to recite the repairing spell once again."What?" She said when she saw how he didn't stop looking at her."You rolled your eyes at me," he replied. "Twice.""So?" She said amusedly before he pinned her against the cabinet in a second."You are such a little brat.""I like when you get mad," she muttered pulling his tie and brushing their noses while they looked the other in the eye.Draco surrounded her neck with his hand joining their lips in a dance of lips and embrace of tongues.She tasted tentatively with her tongue as she traced it across the bottom of his lip. The caress of her lips seemed much softer this time. Soon their started swallowing each other making the kiss even more intense and possessive, just how they liked. She let out a moan and he lets out a growl in her mouth while her warm breath travelled into his face.Her feathery hot lips rested upon his cold lips. The kiss which he was longing for the whole eternity.Their tongues gently pranced around the other's presence. She pushed his black blazer for his shoulders and he ended up taking it out leaving it on the floor while she took out his tie. His wet kisses descended through her jawline and neck leaving purple bruises on her skin. She let out a soft moan from her lips.The blond took her suit black jacket throwing it to the ground next to his. She supported the back of her head in the cabinet while he kissed her neck sucking her skin and unbuttoned her dress black pants to then sliding them through her legs while kissing her. His hands caressed her thick thighs climbing by her waist over the fabric of her white corset until his right hand went into her underwear, she let out a moan of pleasure.He kisses her shoulder, and runs his lips her my skin towards her ear, but doesn't quite make it that far. She tilts her head and after his deep breath out he bites me gently. It doesn't hurt, it only makes her want more.Leevanna bit her lower lip feeling his long fingers rub her clit in a circular motion. Her arms surrounded his neck attracting his body to hers. She needed more.His already wet fingers accelerated their movements, beginning to go from top to bottom on that pulsating button on her wet cunt. Without prior notice, he sank a finger into her, making her whimper high. He introduced another finger inside her."There!" she gasped out before a moan left her lips. "Right there..."A stream of delirious moans came out of her pink mouth while she closed her eyes inevitably biting her lower lip. She needed Draco's body a lot."There?" Her breathing became more and heavier when she felt how he took his fingers in and out faster and deeper."Yes!" she moaned again."Yeah?" his teeth caught her bottom lip before pressing her upper one between his own. She nodded and took his cheeks to deepen the kiss even more.She gripped his head firmly as if to keep him from escaping. She worked her mouth against his, their tongues battling back and forth like wrestlers, each trying to pin the other.This is one of the few ways that their souls become joined. Briefly, momentarily, knowing the other will pull away soon because, unfortunately, oxygen is required to keep living, but not yet.Clinically, it's nothing special. Medically, it's merely interesting, this rush of hormones to the brain.Emotionally, it's two entities briefly connecting and sharing themselves one with another. It can be small, inconsequential.But this one, this one is passionate, pulling and pushing and consuming. It is reminding her that she belongs to him in the best of ways, and he belongs to her.As their soft and sensitive lips touched, they couldn't help but feel their souls meeting — connecting. A dance of passion and desire that occurs every night within a dark room behind doors that keep enslaved affairs and desires.He took his fingers out of her after a couple of seconds and put them inside her mouth. She sucked them softly and bitten them gently as she looked him in the eye.The submission in her eyes destroyed Draco every time. It had this effect on him that made him feel as if he was the only master of the entire cosmos.He was her owner. He knew it. And she is beyond fine with it. Because she is also his owner.Leevanna gave a small jump and he lifted her while still kissing her. Draco sat on a couch nearby and ran his fingers through her lower back. His hard erection pressing against her pussy."You want me to fuck you?" he muttered under his breathe taking her hair. "Tell me, Leev. Answer.""Yes — yes," she breathed feeling the fabric of his pants rubbing her clit in a magic way."Yes what?" he asked again directing his kisses to her neck.Her underwear was wetter than the ocean."Please..." and she feels currents down her spine finally making her migraine go away."Tell me what you want," his lips are close to her earlobe and suddenly he is suckling it. "I want to hear it."She had an ocean down there."I want you..." she gasped throwing her head backwards. "I want you to fuck me."The green-eyed unbuttoned his shirt while she kissed him as he quickly took off his belt and lowered the zip of his dress pants. He bit her lower lip until he felt that red liquid enter his mouth while she cried against his lips. She imitated his action. Their kiss was raw and passionate.Then he passes his tongue across her neck leaving a trace of blood that she soon wiped.His big hands travelled her back starting to remove her corset exposing her tender breasts. He threw the garment aside and took her from the hair to attract her and kiss her. She began to accelerate the circular movements with her pelvis on his hard erection.The blue-eyed took his throbbing cock out of the fabric of his grey boxers and took her from the hips lifting her a little to then stroke his tip against her pulsating clit by sliding it until he reached her very wet entrance, her body was so small and thin that he didn't even have to make effort. She took her head backwards feeling in the same heaven.Draco slowly introduced himself into her, adapting her to his size so as not to hurt her. He would never hurt her.Leevanna passed her small hands through the hard skin of his chest sliding them through his abdomen. Her eyes locked into his, filled with pure lust.He took her hips guiding her movements while she surrounded his neck with her arms again. He passed his thumb gently through her soft, red lips before she gently bit it. He loved it when she did that.He surrounded her neck with his veiny hand, attracting her to kiss her lips. He could feel her slick walls tighten around his throbbing dick, making him groan hoarsely. His eyes remained locked on hers when they separated pressing their foreheads feeling how she moaned on his lips. He loved to see how she unravelled more and more as she made small jumps on him.Her long hair was messy and tangled around her rosy face.She accelerated her movements wanting to feel everything of him, his 10 inches completely. She wanted absolutely everything.He growled when he felt the orgasm built inside him.Leevanna pressed their foreheads more feeling her walls tightening further around his hard dick and then freeing the orgasm inside her by making her wail high against his lips. Draco joined their lips once again before plunging her for the last time and feeling the volcano inside him exploding. Both panted on each other's lips.He frowned by seeing her eyes fill up with tears."Fuck, did I hurt you? If I hurt you—" She denied. "But don't cry.""I — I'm sorry," she cried. "I don't know what's wrong with me," she gasped untangling her arms from his neck to wipe her tears. "I'm so tired of crying.""Is the sex that bad?" He played by raising an eyebrow making her laugh."You imbecile," she replied giggling feeling how he wiped her tears with his thumbs gently. "I'm weird that's all.""You're always weird," she gently hit his chest before pulling her head back blinking repeatedly to remove her tears. "I've done a lot of things to you, but you never cried after sex.""Enough! Get over it!" She laughed making him chuckle. "Using you as my sex slave is helping to relieve my migraines.""Oh, so now I am a sex slave? I am a pain killer now?" He raised an eyebrow and she nodded playfully. "Well — not complaining here," and she laughed again.He lifted her by the waist coming out of her and then lying with her on the sofa and covering themselves with a blanket that was nearby. He knew she needed to rest because of the weakness her body had.Both were silent for a few minutes. She listened to his heartbeat back calmly as he ran his fingers through her back and went up to her hair."If we both survive," she began. "What will happen to us?""We're both going to survive," he replied. "I don't know, do you have any ideas? You are my wife after all.""Well, I don't think it would be appropriate if we graduate," she giggled. "Imagine our presentation, no thanks," he also giggled."We could go to all the countries that are missing," he added and she nodded."We must take Cissy with us, she would definitely love China and all the food that is there," he nodded. "We could also stay and live in the one we like the most.""Leev — we literally loved all the countries.""A house in each of them, problem solved," she sighed. His heartbeat made echo throughout her head and was relieving the constant painful throb her brain is."What else?" He thought sighing."We must find jobs," she sighed. "We could live between the Muggle and the wizardry world... The Muggles aren't that bad, you know?""Yeah, they aren't that bad," he confessed.They definitely had changed their minds more, they were more open about Muggle-borns and Muggles in general. The voices of their parents were no more than whispers now and Charity Burbage was the main reason for it. The professor had even grown fond of both teenagers."We could live in a remote village in a big house full of flowers, you love flowers and also you can have a green-house," he said and she giggled nodding."What's next?""Er — do you want children?""Do you want?""I don't want to become my father," he huffed. "You know that.""You're not going to become your father, Draco. I'll make sure of it," she promised as she entangled their hands. "Maybe we could have one or two.""Dogs?""Kids, you idiot," both laughed. "But we can get a dog too.""One or two children and a dog... Sounds good to me.""We also need a formal wedding, Lhu and Narcissa threatened me about that," she laughed. "They told me they had the dresses and all and I had stabbed them on the back, so now you need to help me think about wedding dresses and decorations.""I'll help you think about wedding dresses and decorations," both giggled. "We are going to survive.""We are," she sighed. "We are." ༄ "Goodness me, Leev, since when you eat that much?," Lhu laughed seeing her friend eat her sixth chocolate pancake for breakfast that morning. She didn't eat more than three regularly.The last week that had passed she was eating a bit more and definitely it was something good but now she was being a vacuum without bottom with all the food."I didn't eat anything yesterday, I'm starving," she confessed by sucking one of her fingers removing the chocolate. "But don't tell Draco, because he's going to be mad if he finds out," she sighed before covering another pancake with chocolate and eat it. "I have been better from whatever I have and he would be angry at me for not taking the potion.""Because is wrong when you do that, Leev," she told her. "You're supposing to be replacing the potion for the food, not left the two aside.""I couldn't enter The Great Hall yesterday because the smell gave me nausea, that's why," she replied taking a piece of apple pie to her mouth before chewing it slowly. "And talking about nausea...""For eating like a pig," Lhu laughed watching Leevanna make gestures of disgust towards the pie inside her mouth. "Go, I'll figure it out something to tell Draco," she nodded and left the place in a hasty pace.The morning — that had become all-day — sickness had grown even more. After eating all she could, she would usually run towards the lavatory after a few hours to throw up everything she had gotten to eat that day. Then Draco would force her to take the hydration and nutrition potions to keep her body full with at least that. She wasn't getting better. Everyone who knew about her condition knew she wasn't better.That was terrifying as fuck because they thought Leevanna would get even worse and eventually quit life.Though she had been having her good days, they were all still fucking worried because she grew thinner and thinner at the point her own clothes seemed to fit her how Draco's used to do before she got sick.The migraines were worse and worse every single day. Not a breath of rest. Draco no longer knew what to do and just would lay with her and hear her cry as he makes pressure in her temples with his fingers to try and release her tension. He would hear her cry for long hours as the pain grows and grows without hope of stopping, then she would throw up and cry even more.Her sleeping schedule was also fucked up. Even more than it had been all her life.The nightmares, that had become worse, had her awake several hours before she fell asleep just to repeat the circle again. Her hyperventilation caused unbearable migraines and even more sickness that made her run to the bathroom and throw up for minutes and minutes that sometimes became almost an hour. The worst was that she couldn't take any sleeping potions or pills or she would become dependant to them again and nobody wanted that, not even Leevanna. Whatever Leevanna had, was leaving her without a body to live on. Her bones had accentuated even more and her skin, even though still smooth and soft, was sensible and even more unhealthily paler.The only colour she had was the dark red surrounding her eyes, the rosy on her nose tip and down her nostrils and the one in her lips when Draco kissed her.Leevanna avoided mirrors."Hi, Myrtle," she greeted once left the cubicle addressing the sinks."Leevy!" greeted the ghost enthusiastically. "Are you okay?" Myrtle frowned. "You look a little... Pale."        Pale, no, we look like a fucking paper."I ate too much," she sighed before rinse her mouth. She didn't even worry about looking herself in the mirror, she didn't do it very often because she feared she would cry more than she already did. "How are you?""Thinking about death, as always," she answered making the girl chuckle."Well, see you later Myrtle," she said goodbye leaving the bathrooms. On the way, she crashed with Luna."Leev! Are you okay?" The blue-eyed girl asked with concern in her voice and face and taking her forearms to help her stabilise herself."Yeah, just fatigue. Why?" She responded by frowning with a sweet smile. She was starting to feel dizzy.Leevanna knew just very important things really worried Luna, extremely ones. Whatever that is she has, had Luna always asking her if she is okay and constantly looking at her body before hugging her tightly. And Leevanna was worried about her thing that made her sense things because probably Luna had already seen what was wrong with her.The worst thing was that, when being very young, probably seven or eight, Leevanna had made Luna promise her that if she sensed something related with health, wealth, death or love, she would not tell her anything because she needed to discover it by herself. The blonde girl had just permitted give her little clues if the green-eyed decided to ask.Now Leevanna was certainly regretting a bit that promise. She wanted to know what the hell was wrong with her fucked up body."Just asking," she sighed, she looked relieved somehow. "Please, take care of yourself, Leevy," her eyes had a sparkle of worrisome. "I'm begging you.""Don't worry for me Luna," she giggled. "I see you around later," the girl nodded and left towards the garden.As Leevanna walked, she felt a stabbing pain in her stomach. Exactly in her belly. She frowned thinking that perhaps she had collided with something and hadn't realised it. Or maybe getting drunk with Lhu the night before she had fallen ill, she had drunk on an empty stomach after all. Maybe that was what Luna was talking about.Her little sleepover with Pansy, Millicent and Lhu had become quickly in a drinking and smoking night, and the six bottles of Fire Whiskey, one of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead and the ten Muggle-weed cigarettes were still spinning around her systems in a constant sway that had her with a feeling of being melted.The problem is that she had also felt that same pain two days ago and the day before and a few more too. It was like heaviness in her belly which hadn't been there before.She wanted to quit everything and start crying as all the days before.Fortunately that day she only had Defence Against the Dark Arts before lunch and then she could go and lie on her bed all the rest of the day as Draco caressed her hair. She loved those days when both had nothing to do and he would only sleep with her all day.This week had her dragging herself over the floor, figuratively talking, obviously, though she wanted to really do it. She wanted her bed again. She refused to have more energetic days. She only wanted to sleep.According to the morning passes, she just feels the migraines becoming worse and worse every single second the bloody clock marks. Her body is weak, very. She could barely keep herself hydrated without feeling the burning in her cardia and the vomit climbing her oesophagus.She had been walking and walking all over Hogwarts to try and oxygenate her brain just like the Healer had said. Her fingers pressed her temples doing circles as her eyes were closed. She had thought about going to the library and try to read something, but even the silence of that place seemed too loud for her sensible hearing. The smell of the fucking air causes her nausea. She didn't know what the fuck to do. She can't even keep her eyes open. She had been hoping not to crash with anyone.Draco, at her petition that was more an order, was in charge of repairing The Vanishing Cabinet as she walked and walked. Both would reunite for lunch.That day just gets worse.No, 'worse' is too low. Horrific is the best word for it. What's more, no word could describe how horrendous that day feels.It is like mourning.The worst part is that everyone keeps smiling and talking, and Leevanna hates them all. She wants to dig an axe in their brain just because they are breathing. They do it too loud. She can even hear their heartbeats.She hates all the people and their happiness. She hates them being so fucking happy when the world is upside down and so fucking fucked up. She hates their joy when she is in constant pain. She hates their smiles and blushes when she can't stop crying and becoming paler and weaker.Half an hour before lunch, she saw herself by chance in one of the mirrors of the girls' lavatory while washing her hands — she had gone to the bathroom almost twelve times throughout the day. She had never used the loo so many times and she was thinking about living there for that day.She approached the object slowly and got on her side with narrowed and confused eyes.Her heart stopped."No, no, no," she said scared seeing the black of her hair risen a lot. At what time had that happened? The white of her hair was almost extinct and there were only a few strands of it left. "You can't grow, you can't grow."She quickly turned and desperately looked for a couple of scissors all over the place. Generally, the students left many things there and she hoped that maybe there would be a couple of scissors.She felt her eyes burning at the same time that her arm did. She growled between teeth. That was exactly the perfect moment for it to start burning.        Fucking fantastic.She pushed her robes on one side and unbuttoned the tiny buttons on her sleeve by raising it to her elbow. The pain was incredible and the desire to scratch it was more. But she couldn't. She had promised she wouldn't hurt herself anymore.She thought for a second.Maybe if she managed to get the mark out, her hair would return to normal. Maybe it would be white and pure again.Draco was going to kill her if he found out and she hates breaking promises to him, but she had to, at least, try.There has to be something she could do to release the pain in her arm.She opened the spout feeling tears falling on her cheeks uncontrollably and took out a piece of paper from the dispenser.She took a deep breath by closing her eyes and beginning to pass a piece of paper over the horrible mark roughly. She wasn't just passing it, she was scrubbing and scrubbing with all the strength her body could use at that moment. She feels the paper becoming nothing because of the water that is splashing over it. That doesn't stop her. It actually encourages her.She purses her lips by avoiding screaming when her nails penetrated her now red and bleeding skin. That doesn't stop her either. She keeps scratching and scratching. The black colouring her long nails now has wet and thick drops of Leevanna's being just like parts of her fingers. She keeps scratching.Her nails are reaching more skin. She thinks that probably she would take it out at some point.A shriek leaves her lips seconds later when her nails bury deep in her skin creating a big river of herself over the place. She immediately stopped her action, not being able to withstand the pain by seeing the blood shedding through the sink.It was impossible to get that mark out.She huffs.A grinding pain that starts as a vague sensation in the back of her skull and then is a crown of thorns that seems to grow every day makes its usual and unwanted appearance when the river of tears that runs down her cheeks triples. She is crying and crying. Tired of it. But continues doing it.She is giving up. She doesn't know what to do. She doesn't know what she has. She doesn't want to bare with it anymore. She is tired. Mentally and physically.She doesn't even know how is that she keeps being standing.Her nightmares seem to be greeting her through the mirror and she huffs tiredly and frustratedly when in her head starts reproducing the images of the woods.God. She was so tired of it.Her head continues throbbing so painfully that she closes her eyes and clenches her jaw as she has been doing it the last months. She doesn't know how to describe it anymore. At first, it was as though someone had driven a metal rod through the base of her skull and into the centre of her brain, now it seems that someone had driven a full barrel of metal spears all her head. What's more, four barrels. She gives another low sob.She wants Draco. She wants him to find her and carry her to their dorm and sleep all day. She just wants to sleep and sleep.She wants a hug. Wants a lot of things.That day had started really good, smiles and all that, why now it seemed so opaque and terrifying? Not even mourning felt that way.She feels that she has everything against her. Everything is off, dark and stained with the grey pieces of cotton of sadness. More than that even. She doesn't feel happiness at all. She doesn't even want to go to the dining room to eat. She does not want to do anything. She wants to cry, but she's so tired of doing it. Crying does not make any sense. It was going to alleviate some ailment perhaps? No. There was no point in continuing to do so. That day, however, she wanted to cry until the tears ran out and she was completely dehydrated. She wants to cry and cry while someone strokes her hair. She wants to scream. She wants to hit something.She can feel the monster taunting her through the mirror. She can see her cruel reflection wearing that bright pink flowery dress as the sunlight shines on her face and brings out her mocking smile. Can see all of her demons laughing at her, laughing at her frustration and the state of things lately.She fucking hates them. She fucking hates them so fucking much.A frustrated growl merged with a weak sob leaves her lips. She is so fucking tired of it.She just wants to—The reflection of a metallic and sharp object thrown carelessly on the floor of one of the cubicles caught her attention.

She hadn't noticed it before, but now she was doing it and didn't plan to leave the opportunity just like that.If it wasn't in one way, was in another.She knows.She saw her hair in the mirror.It didn't matter if she lost all her hair. It would grow back and it would be like before: white. She misses the purity of the white a lot. She misses discussing with Draco over who has it prettier every day. Though she always won.She closed the spout so as not waste more water she had already, re-buttoned her sleeve and covered her arm with her hand, heading towards the cubicle where the scissors were, then she took them from the ground and looked herself in the mirror for the last time.She doesn't really know what to do. It's an improvised movement the monster who watches her all the time just whispered.And she wants to obey it. She doesn't have another option being honest. Every time the monster whispers something she falls in a drug-sided effect that she can't escape and drowns her. She loses her 'will' of being someone if the monster is close, if it greets her. The monster always wins her over. And she is tired to fight against it."I don't really think is because the purity of my heart," she sighed trying to contain her tears. "But I don't have another option," she ended up blinking several times so as not to continue shedding tears. She was crying for something stupid. "I'm — I am not a bad person."The green-eyed took a black strap from her hair and closed her eyes when she heard the sound of the scissors cutting. She breathed.If she kept her eyes closed, it was going to be easier. She knows. It would be lots easier.The memory of her mother's words in her fourth year at Hogwarts flutters and then makes a deep echo throughout her mind. "I don't know what the fuck you are going to do to be fucking pure again," threatened Nicholas squeezing her chin roughly, "but you are going to do whatever it takes, I don't want to have another slut in my house." Her hand slipped through another larger strand of her hair and cut it quickly. She felt another spasm in her stomach as if something was ripping inside her for each cut.It was her imagination playing a bad time since she loved her hair, or she thought that.It was her imagination. It was just her imagination.It was just hair, it would grow again. It was just hair, it would grow and everything would be like before. It was just hair, no a part of her body she couldn't leave without. She had to keep cutting. She needs to keep doing it. She knows.The voice of her dead father keeps resonating all her head. Makes it hurt more than it already was doing. Is like a punishment.She feels trapped. She doesn't know what she does. She doesn't know what she feels. She does not know anything anymore. The monster has beaten her just like always. She knows that she is going to lose consciousness and the next day she will return to the same thing. It was an endless cycle. It repeats on her over and over and over again. She is drowning in that sea of despair that she has not missed at all, not a single drop of it.She feels back in that dark space of her mind where the sun hurts her and leaves her half-dead. She can hear the wailing and screaming in her mind. She can see the forest surrounding her. She can feel the darkness taking all over her and whispering her name, calling her, murmuring things that makes her hands cover her ears tightly imaginary.A couple of minutes later, when she felt she had already cut all her hair, she opened her eyes slowly to look herself in the mirror.Maybe it hadn't gone so bad."No, no, no," she said desperately seeing it began to grow again and the white strands became black just like straight and without beautiful waves. "No! No! No! Stop! Stop!"And she hates her offspring for creating something so stupid that has her traumatised about purity and such. She hates all her blood-related family. They had never cared about her and the majority of them were dead. The only one who remains alive was Leevanna.And she wants to end it. She doesn't want to have a child and have to traumatise it with all the things she had been through. Doesn't want more innocent people suffering. A baby now would only make her feel hopeless and useless. A baby doesn't deserve a mother who's so fucked up, severe depressive and suicidal all the time. She doesn't deserve a baby.She took the scissors again quickly and began to cut the hair that was just growing very fast. She didn't care if it looked bad after.The world slowed.The sound of the scissors slowly cutting one of her strands echoed.She felt a viscous liquid slid down the inside of her thighs and dripping onto the floor. Like an echo. She stopped cutting and lowered her gaze slowly to her legs while her tears flooded all her face and clothes.Blood."Wha—"Then she screamed in pain.She felt like as if a spear were thrust inside her belly for every strand of hair on the floor. And there were many of them. Felt like mini contractions that grow worse.It was as if something inside her body was being forcibly ripped from her.It is feeling like she is being run over by a truck over and over again.She supported one hand on the sink and pressed the other against her belly trying to calm the pain while her screams came out of her throat next to her tears in an uncontrollable way. Her back and abdomen were hurting so bad she couldn't even stand up well. She is heavily bleeding, she can feel the streams of blood sliding down her legs until it collides with the floor.She is really thinking that she is going to die. She has no idea how much blood loss it takes to the body finally collapse.Her breathing became heavy and agitated after each of her screams.Her world is going extremely slow.She didn't even notice if her hair had grown again, she just couldn't stop screaming and crying about the pain she felt inside her body. It feels like her bones are breaking every second, from her spine ones to her legs. Feels a lot like her bowels have to move. She feels she needs to push something, but she doesn't have the strength for that.Every second her body is like breaking bit by bit. Deep breaths that don't help her in anything and just burn more her lungs, the pain in the eyes telling her the soul crushing experience inside the body.Her eyes widened when she saw a pool of blood under her. Her tears falling on it.It was fucking horrible.She felt that spear pierce her belly again, taking her breath away for several seconds.Her last teardrop fell.   "Leevanna!"And Draco's scream was the only thing she heard before everything turned black. ༄ Everything was blurred.When she opened her eyes little by little she could barely distinguish the misshapen coloured silhouettes of the persons from the dark ones her imagination was creating.Her eyes shut down tightly several times to just stay the same. As a dirty mirror that hadn't been cleaned in years.   "Why?!"   "Stop!"The sounds that leaked through her ears seemed very far away and were pretty distorted. The buzz in her ears was unbearable. A ring making echo.There were many people around her."...the fuck up! She... awake!" Yelled Lhu angry with tears falling down her cheeks. Leevanna could barely distinguish the words but the tone and the way it had rung in her brain told her it had been a shout.What had happened?"Leevy? Leevy can you hear me?" Asked the curly-haired standing at her side. Her voice was still heard far away and distorted. It took her a lot of effort to make the three Lhu's she was seeing to convert in one, at least just for a second."Where—" it hurt even talking. "Where am I?" She said feeling how a sharp pain settled on the middle of her head. She still saw blurred. "What...?" She panted exhaustedly. Words weren't formulated in her brain.She put a hand on her forehead feeling like vomiting. She closed her eyes tightly yet again. Even breathing was painful. Everything burned her body.The heavy pain she had felt in her belly some — hours? — whatever it had passed — ago, wasn't there anymore. It felt as if a hole had been punched down in that part of her body. It hurt too much to even think where that pain had come from.Little by little the sounds returned to normal, just like her sight, the pain in her head had also stopped. But she felt exhausted, like if she had run all of Europe without rest and water to drink. She felt beyond exhausted. Breathing took a lot of effort."Sweetheart, I'm so sorry," Lhu cried taking her hand. What the hell was going on? Leevanna wasn't understanding anything at all.Why Lhu was crying and apologising? Lhu didn't cry too easily, what the fuck had happened that made her cry like that?"What happened?" She asked by sitting a little on the bed to see the other people. The twins, Lee and Snape were around her. "Lhu?"Leevanna was scared. She didn't know what was happening. It feels horrible."I'm here," she told her sitting in bed to take her hand while wiping her tears with the other."Where is Draco?" She asked and passed her gaze all over the place until she saw him in a corner of the room. The dry tears on his cheeks and swollen eyes worried her. He couldn't hold her gaze for more than a second and left the place closing the door.A woman with a white gown and a briefcase entered the room. She was tall and had a pretty good shape. She was very similar, at least physically, to Leevanna's usual Healer. The girl thought maybe they were sisters or something."I need you to leave the room, please," she said in the direction of those present."Can... Can she stay?" The green-eyed asked, referring to Lhu. The woman nodded and the men left the room."I am Amelie Grey," the woman said by approaching her and dedicating a soft smile to her."You are Hestia's sister," Leevanna sighed closing her eyes once more to try and focus her vision. The woman frowned still smiling. "You two are very similar and have the same surname.""Yeah, they had told us that," the woman chuckled. "How do you feel, Leevanna?" The woman asked. Her smile now was a sad one. The green-eyed knew about all those smiles."I'm tired, my body hurts," she replied, letting a sigh come out of her lips. She was really tired."Do you remember anything about what happened?" Amelie asked after writing some things on the papers over her briefcase.The images returned to Leevanna as flashes of a camera: blood, her hair, scissors... the pain. The memories that had crossed through her mind."Some parts," she said frowning a little. "Where am I?""You're in St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, they brought you here on an emergency," the woman began sitting in bed. Leevanna turned her gaze through the room seeing that her left hand was connecting to IV's which also were connected to transparent serum bags.A bandage was embracing her left forearm, where she had scratched and scratched until it began to bleed."You've seen the..." the healer rolled up the left sleeve of her gown and then her blouse's one. The Dark Mark was there. "Oh, yeah, right.""Leevanna, what I'm going to tell you is going to be very painful and difficult to hear."She saw Lhu carry her head back while her hands wiped her tears away."You knew you were pregnant?"And the question was like a bucket of cold water to her. The confusion grew on her face as did concern.She denied. "Your — your sister didn't tell me anything, she—" Leevanna was confused. "She did all the tests and — they didn't know what I had," and the woman nodded."Do you remember when she took those tests?""Er—" the green-eyed breathed and closed her eyes to try and think. "Two weeks before Christmas I think.""In a magical pregnancy the zygote starts forming two or five days after the fertilisation depending on the woman," Amelie sighed, "so it was pretty impossible to now by that time."And Leevanna doesn't know how she keeps talking if she doesn't get out of the shock of knowing she had been pregnant."You had almost twelve weeks."You had."What Hestia told me is that none of the symptoms you had was compatible with the common diseases, even pregnancy," the Healer continued. "You were taking the birth control pills, right?""I—" Leevanna went blank. "Yeah..."       Liar."Probably one of them failed, it can happen," Amelie sighed again. "The malnutrition in your body and the anaemia made everything worse, but we still don't know exactly what happened, but we're working on it."Her breathing was slow.   "You had a miscarriage, Leevanna. I'm so sorry."Curiously, her eyes didn't fill up with tears.Curiously, she didn't feel anything. Nothing but emptiness. She had been what? And she had had a what?"If you want, you can go back to your school in a few hours, or you can also stay for a couple of days here," the woman told her getting out of bed. "I'm going to come in an hour for you to tell me your decision, I'm also going to bring a list of things for your physical and psychological recovery."She nodded.She was confused.She had been pregnant?"I'm going to let Snape come in, okay?" Lhu told her with a smile before leaving a kiss on her forehead. "The twins, Lee and I will enter later."She didn't say Draco.A couple of seconds later, the door opened and Severus entered while Lhu left the room."What happened?" Leevanna asked him confused. She wasn't out of shock yet."Leevy..." he told her approaching her."Uncle Severus, what happened?" She asked again while her eyes were filled with tears. He approached and sat on the stretcher embracing her hard while she rested her head on her arm.Suddenly she was five-years-old and she just woke up of a horrible nightmare."It's okay, it's okay," he told her caressing her hair."What happened?" And this time her voice came out in a whisper while she cried in silence.

She didn't want to stay.She didn't want to be in a place full of people who died and suffered daily. St Mungo's Hospital, though very colourful, was horrible.Luckily, all the students had been in class and no one had seen anything. No one in Hogwarts knew what had happened, not even Albus Dumbledore. Leevanna wanted it that way and everyone agreed in that. Nobody needed to know she had been through that.The twins and Lee had to left her because they couldn't leave the store alone and the second had had an urgency at his work. Lhu and Snape were the only ones who were with her.Not sign of Draco. Not a single one.Severus helped her to go to the dorm she shared with Lhu previous years, but the girl began to walk in the opposite direction to the room she shared with Draco. She didn't know if he was going to be there or not, but she still walked there. That room was always in peace and the dark, heavy drapes were always closed.Leevanna walked in silence, still trying to stabilise herself and breathing slowly. When she arrived at the room, her eyes closed and internally said thank you for the drapes to be completely closed. No light. Just her very familiar darkness.She walked towards the bed and crawled on it until she reached Draco's side of the bed. The five fluffy pillows the bed had were comforting for her. It was as if the bed had been waiting for her to wrap her in the pillows and never let her go again. And she loves her bed."I have to go back to classes, okay?" Snape said sitting on the bed watching her turn around and nod silently. He left a kiss on her head and stood up from the bed. "Stay with her, I'll justify your missing assistance," Lhu nodded and he closed the door."Sweetheart..." she called her sitting down and caressing her leg. "Do you want anything?" The one with green eyes denied. "Do you want me to lay with you?" This time she nodded. Lhu sat on the bed supporting her elbow in the pillow and her head on her hand to start caressing her hair with her free hand. She knew that she didn't want her to cuddle, so staying like that was enough.Lhu frowned when she saw all her hair is completely black, but she didn't say anything and began to hum a soft melody to try to make her sleep.And Lhu feels responsible for what had happened to Leevanna. Beyond responsible. She is her best friend and hadn't realised anything. She had always taken care of her in every single situation, no matter what was it. Lhu was always there to make her feel better and hug her and wipe her tears.She hadn't paid attention when she noticed unusual behaviours in her. She had heard how Luna implored her to take care of herself and she had done nothing. She even had encouraged her to drink and smoke in those silly sleepovers Leevanna had started to enjoy.Leevanna had been sick but no one really thought about pregnancy. How the fuck you think about that when you see your best friend being physically damaged? That's the last thing you are going to think of. And her body didn't even show a single sing of her carrying a baby. She had grown thinner and her abdomen was plain, not a sing a baby could have been there.Half an hour later, Leevanna was sleeping and Lhu dedicated herself to pass her eyes through the room wondering where the bloody hell Draco was.She smiled when she saw a picture of both dancing in the snow, the background was Malfoy Manor. There were also a lot of books thrown everywhere, clothes, and so on. She avoided laughing when she saw small vases full of flowers on a corner of the desk, it was the only space that was clean.When Lhu turned her head to the nightstands, she opened the drawer where it was supposed to be the birth control pills. The tablets were there. Leevanna didn't even take them properly or following the path that was drawn over the plastic. Half of the pink ones were empty and the blue ones were left just two."Oh, Leevy, you forgetful little thing," Lhu whispered leaving a kiss on her head before closing the drawer again.Leevanna slept for two complete days without counting the half afternoon of the day that had happened. There were no interruptions of any kind, she only slept.Lhu even had to make sure if she was still breathing. She didn't even move.Draco appeared in the middle of the third day, he entered the room meeting Lhu caressing Leevanna's hair while she was still asleep.He looked dreadful."Where were you?" The girl asked covering her best friend's ear carefully with her hand. He looked at her, his eyes were red and the tears remained dry on his cheeks. She sighed knowing that he wasn't going to answer. "She sleeps two and a half days ago. She looks like that Muggle princess in the animated movie we saw.""Lhu..." his voice broke, he took off his gaze quickly and leaned on the wall behind him."I didn't realise it either, Draco," she told him in a sweet tone. "Not even she realised it.""She is my life..." he whispered. "She — when I found her...""It's okay," she smiled sadly at him. "Come, lay down with her," she told him standing out of bed, he doubted for a second but approached the bed slowly.He had thought about leaving her, staying away from her and freeze his emotions.But... He couldn't.He — He couldn't leave her.He couldn't leave her alone with all that pain the trauma of a miscarriage caused. He wasn't capable of doing that to her. He wasn't a monster.Draco sat in bed in the same position that Lhu had been and Leevanna slowly turned to him."Huh, the greatest advance, I feel jealous," Lhu chuckled softly before sighing. "On the desk, there is a paper with the things you must do. If she wakes up, call me," she told him and he nodded, a few seconds later she left.Draco stared at her for a moment and the guilt fell on his shoulders.He was always aware of her, more than of himself. How could he not realise?The Healer hadn't detected a pregnancy. And who the fuck could have even think of that? Her body was tiny and her abdomen was normal. No signs of anything growing inside. They had even made her a fucking test to see if she was pregnant, it had come up negative. And her symptoms didn't even fit with the ones of a pregnancy.He ran his finger through her hair gently by closing his eyes. He hadn't slept all that time. Little by little, his eyes became heavy and finally fell asleep. He needed her for sleep, he couldn't sleep without her by his side.Draco opened his eyes seven hours later, it was night and the darkness surrounded the room more than it already did...He looked down watching Leevanna squirm in bed. He decided not to turn on the light and see if she woke up on her own, which she did.Her tiny hand grabbed his shirt tightly while she became small in the bed. Draco slid his index finger and thumb through his eyelids until he reached his nose, he was trying to control his tears.And at that moment Leevanna finally understood what had happened. She hadn't done it in the hospital, nor when she arrived at Hogwarts. It was after three days of uninterrupted sleep.She felt empty.She had been pregnant.She had had someone growing inside her... And that someone wasn't there anymore.She still didn't understand exactly how she had got pregnant if she was supposed to have a disease and she always took care of herself—       Don't lie, said the voice in her head. It had been a threat she knows she deserves.And the voice is right. She didn't take care of herself. She was forgetful with the coloured tiny pills and barely remember to take them. Previous years had been easier to remember because nothing important was on her mind, but this year a lot of things had happened and her mind was always somewhere else.It had been her fault.She felt empty, useless, numb, angry, sad, unwomanly, heavy, hollow, dead. She feels like her body betrayed her. She feels like she couldn't trust her body anymore.Terrible. Painful. Horrible. Devastated. She feels so broken.She feels like a failure as a woman. She didn't get to keep her baby safe and it all happened in her own belly. She hadn't even had knowledge of it being in there.Miscarriage was something she didn't have any concept of. She knew it sucked before but it didn't affect her so much then. She felt sorry and horrible for all the women who had passed through that — more the ones who passed it alone, as her own mum — but she knew that being sorry didn't help them in anything.She knows, even more, it now. It doesn't help if they say sorry and they cry with you. That wouldn't change anything. That wouldn't bring her baby back.She had always understood the meaning of the phrase «it knocked the breath out of me» because all the things she had been through, physically and mentally. But how she felt now didn't compare to that.She tightened her grip on Draco's shirt by closing her eyes tightly and starting to shed tears disconsolately.He couldn't leave her."It's okay..." Draco whispered to her caressing her hair and breathing deeply, listening to her sob and feeling his soul break. "We're going to survive."The seconds passed, the minutes, the hours, the days, the weeks, the months.The reasons for Leevanna's miscarriage were a very long list.The symptoms she had been having since before the zygote appeared, were due to the horrible malnutrition and trauma she had experienced in the forest. Her body hadn't recovered at all and she practically had the strength of a baby. Her body was like that of a crystal doll. Everything could triple within her and even lead her to death.The anaemia from previous years and her eating problem that she continued to struggle with were also contributing factors. The stress and distress were the main reasons too. The fact that she forgot the birth control pills was also a reason. Her carelessness with her own body was one reason too. The fact that she frequently drank alcohol and smoked was another reason. The Healer had said that.A magical pregnancy is devastating for a witch.  Leevanna had had several of those symptoms except for her abdomen to grow to be able to detect a fetus within it. The Healer had said that the foetus had most likely died inside her before the nine weeks was up, so it would have been impossible to detect a heartbeat or a sign it was there any way the three and a half weeks that she carried the foetus in her uterus.The bleeding Leevanna had had in the bathroom had been only what her body was able to expel from the developing foetus. When she arrived at St Mungo's they had to perform surgery to finish removing the set of cells that were rotting inside of her, plus the half of the placenta that hadn't passed. There was not a single scar from that little surgery and she didn't even remember it.It had been a ray of luck that her short pregnancy hadn't been an ectopic one, which is where the fetus embeds outside the womb. A baby cannot survive an ectopic pregnancy because wherever it grows outside the womb that organ cannot expand to accommodate for a growing baby and will cause fatal damage to the woman's body, the Healer told her.Leevanna's body would not have been able to withstand a pregnancy even if she had noticed it earlier. She was too weak and her young within wasn't prepared for such a big responsibility. The miscarriage would have inevitably happened anyway and perhaps it would've even more traumatic and depressive.And her mind tells her, you had a baby, but where is it? And she cries. She is so tired of it.Leevanna didn't attend classes, neither did Draco. Potions' class had been replaced with tears and the classes with Charity Burbage with lost gazes. None left that room at least Lhu knocked on the door bringing food. He looked at the girl laying on their bed in silence, he took the tray, Lhu smiled weakly at him and closed the door. After that, he urged Leevanna to eat.She usually became tinier in bed while tears formed in her eyes knowing what was about to happen."Please," he begged her. "I need you to eat," he whispered watching tears slide down her cheeks, his cheeks were the same. She opened her mouth slowly and he introduced a tablespoon of whatever Lhu had brought for that day. The first days she couldn't stand more than three tablespoons, after that she ran into the bathroom to vomit.The nutrition and hydration potions were also thrown up. She couldn't bear the smell of anything and her body was against her. Everything was against her.There were times when she felt something move in her belly and her eyes were filled with tears while she cried and he hugged her tightly. She felt phantom kicks, even though she was nowhere near far along enough to ever actually feel them.It was the fault.There were nights in which she dreamed of the tiny glowing orb of light fluttering in her mind's eye of what it could have been and how it would have felt to have it, and she curled more protectively around her abdomen as the tears ran down her pale cheeks."Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!" she cried hitting Draco's chest with the palms of her hands before completely giving up. And she fought — alone — with him just because he left the room to go to the bathroom and that caused her a feeling of being more alone than she already was. She worried about finding him dead in her arms too and the bloody motherfucker kept going to the fucking bathroom."Okay," Draco sighed and rubbed his eyelids with his thumb and middle finger as with his other arm embraced her tightly and she cried. "I'm sorry.""Fuck you," she whispered before starting sobbing inconsolably again. Her tiny hands clinging to his clothes in an attempt to keep him there and not let him die.She constantly questioned whether she could have done more... If there was something she could have done to save it. She worried constantly that the things she innocently did to have fun or calm her pain may have harmed it. If she had listened to Luna since the first time, maybe it would still be there.She hadn't even realised its existence.She has never hurt that deeply and it literally feels for her like her heart was ripped out and there's a hole in her soul that she can't fill. And she would never wish it on anyone. It was too painful.There were nights in which Leevanna got up from the bed to go to the bathroom and fell halfway because of the weakness of her body. Draco got up at that precise moment and lifted her. She was tired. She cried a lot.Other times she did get to the bathroom, turned on the lights and felt how that red, viscous liquid slid through her inner thighs and legs. He came to her side and saw her cry while grabbing her belly with her hands, then he wet a towel in warm water and cleaned her legs carefully.There were silent days, in which only she stared at nothing while he caressed her hair.Narcissa had sent them a letter after she found out about the situation. Lhu'd had to answer her. "Leevanna, no, no, no," Draco murmured when he found her in the bathroom. He hurried to hold her in her arms as if she were a baby. "Snape... Snape, where is he?" He murmured desperately feeling tears in his eyes. Moaning Myrtle appeared at that time. "My-Myrtle..." his voice trembled, the ghost looked at him in shock. "Find Snape, professor Snape, and also Lhu. You know her, right? Find them. Now!" Draco thought a lot about that day, the blood on the floor next to the scissors and her hair. It was the first time he realised that it had become completely black. "Why didn't you take care of her? How the fuck did you let her get pregnant?" Snape had him cornered against the wall of the room in St. Mungo's. The twins, Lee and Lhu were silent. And he thought the same thing, how had he let it happen? How had he lost sight of her so easily? How had he neglected her so much?By the end of the first month and a half from their isolation, Severus had said to Leevanna that she needed to receive psychological treatment for the trauma. Leevanna had felt attacked and started crying in a corner of the room because Severus was trying to touch her.She had fought a lot to not be taken to her Psycho Healer once more. It had been for nothing. She was there. The second time she was there against her willing.The armchair she used to seat was warm because she had been there for an hour without saying a single word. She was biting her nail, her knees were glued to her chest and her other arm behind them as she hugged herself. The tears ran down her cheeks silently. The woman looked at her."Leev—""I don't want to be here," Leevanna said and more tears started to fall. "I want to leave.""I can't let you go," sighed the woman taking the edges of her cardigan and crossing her arms over her chest at the same time her right leg placed itself above the left one. "We have one hour left."Leevanna closes her eyes tightly and started sobbing in silent. She wanted Draco to appear and get her out of there. But she knew he couldn't. Severus, with Narcissa's approval, had sent him with a Psycho Healer too. At the same hour Leevanna had her visit. None could see the other after the two hours were over."You didn't even know it was there," said the woman tangling her hands over her leg. Leevanna met her brown eyes behind the circular glasses. "Why do you feel so guilty?"Leevanna turned her head to look away. She didn't want to respond that."You need to talk, Leevanna," said the blonde woman. "We're not going to get anywhere if you don't talk.""I don't want to," she kept bitting her nail."Do you remember our first session?" Leevanna turned her head to look at her and nodded. "You didn't want to talk either, because you didn't trust me.""I still don't."Georgia, the woman, chuckled. "I know you don't," she smiled. "Let's prove another question: What do you want? Most in the world right now, what do you want? Apart from leaving, clearly."Leevanna remained silent for a second."I want Draco," she finally responded."No, you don't want him," Georgia shook her head. "You want him to get you out of here because he is your safe place and he always does all for you, but you don't want him right now."        Goodness' sake, tell me you then."Then what the fuck I want?" Said Leevanna frowning. Her body had begun to tremble and her leg to do the movement it always did when she was anxious."I don't know, you need to tell me," Georgia said and Leevanna rolled her eyes.Leevanna started shedding more tears and she had to tub her fingers through her hair with exasperation and frustration before a growl left her lips when the trembling of her leg becomes wilder. She was tired. She didn't want to be there. She wanted to sleep.And she starts crying. She is sobbing. Tired of it. Doesn't want to do so anymore."You want to cry?""I'm fucking tired of it," she sobs covering her face with her hands. "I don't want to do it anymore! But yet I'm still doing it!""Them what you want?""I DON'T FUCKING KNOW!" she cries out. Explodes."Let me read something for you," Georgia says, calmly. She is familiar with her yells. Leevanna sobs and watches her open her briefcase and pull out some papers. "Nine of June 1994."Leevanna bites her nail. That was the time Narcissa took her because she had attempted suicide."I want to die," starts saying Georgia reading the paper. "I just want to die, breathing takes my strength away and I feel like I'm drowning in my own pain," Leevanna closes her eyes, she remembers what she said. "I don't know what else to do, I can't do anything really, I'm tired. I'm so fucking tired of everything — of breathing. But yet I don't deserve to die, I don't deserve the relieve, I deserve the punishment," the green-eyed watches her change another paper, though she hadn't finished. "Tenth of June 1994," and she starts reading again. "It was my fault, I shouldn't have taken her there, whether Pureblood or Muggle-born, I shouldn't have," her brown eyes met the girl. "I remember her constantly, I feel joy when she appears, but then her screams make echo and it isn't joy anymore and I just want to die.""What's your point?" asks Leevanna. She isn't sobbing anymore.   "You still want to die, Leevanna?"And the question hits her like a frenzied train creating a big crash of emotions and sensations she doesn't know how to speak.Does she want to die? She doesn't know.She is tired, very tired.Her schedule consists of waking up against her willing after falling into the deepest point of her nightmares. The next minutes is trying to go to the bathroom for herself without waking up Draco. She watches herself in the mirror, observes how dreadful she looks and how the tears seem to never end. Lhu knocks after, bringing breakfast with a smile she can't respond. Eating still is horrible, she stills throwing up after one or two hours. The next hours is crying and crying. Trying to read and keep her mind occupied, but she can't.There are silent days. When she doesn't do anything and doesn't speak at all. Draco is always with her, in silent too. He smoothed her hair, and held her hands, and fidgeted with the ring he had given her. Sometimes he would take her wrist and pull her hand into his, then he played with her fingers a bit before caressing her cheek or hair.And she remembers one night, yesterday or the day before, she isn't quite sure. He had been sleeping and she was staring at him after waking up from a nightmare. The thing was that he hadn't woke up when she had called him.She had stood up from the bed and started to walk and walk, searching in every drawer a single sign for those pills which once she used to take.She had sighed when she didn't found any pills or prescriptions of it. Then she looked at him again, he had been just sleeping.And she asks herself again. Does she want to die?    "No.""Why?" and this time Georgia leaves the briefcase aside and intertwines her hands over her leg."I can't leave Draco alone," she says."You feel that as an obligation?""No," the green-eyed shakes her head. "I don't want to leave him alone," she says looking at nowhere in particular. "I started loving the sun for him, I let its rays melt the ice when he kissed me, I gave up on the war between stations," her eyes met Georgia again."You want to go back to the war?" Leevanna nods. "And why don't you do it?""Because, even though I don't have the willingness to keep living, I started to live for and for him a long time ago."She doesn't want to die. She is almost sure of it. She knows. Is proud of her answer. A bit scared of it, but proud of finally not letting the whispers of the monster to control the words that escape the pink doors of her breath. She doesn't even know if that's the right way to love someone, but she is proud of at least trying to understand love.When she sees him again, she is the one who holds his hand and flexes her fingers against his own before turning her head to look at Georgia and wave goodbye.She hates Georgia. She is cunt. That bitch made her cry a lot of times just because she needed something to complete those papers she has in her briefcase.Georgia is a cunt.A good one though. At least she is useful and helpful and holds back her yells and insults.But she hates Georgia.And her fucking questions she doesn't know how the fuck to respond."You didn't even know it was there.""I know," Leevanna wipes her tears again. At this point she just lets them run down her cheeks. At least she isn't sobbing. She keeps with her knees glued to her chest, biting her nail."What did you feel when your mother had a miscarriage several years ago?""I didn't feel anything," she says. "I just remember her tears and the words of her lover," a sigh left her lips. "I didn't feel sorry for her, I was grateful that another child wouldn't have to live like me.""What would have happened if that baby had lived?" Leevanna frowned. "What if one day your mum arrived at the house with that baby in her arms and your father by her side?""That would have never—""Imagine."Leevanna rolls her eyes.That picture was a cruel lie. Her father didn't love her mother and she was pretty sure the only feeling her mother had for him was fear. If a baby would have been born probably its luck would be the same as Leevanna's, she knows it.But the question Georgia made really made her thought.What would have happened if her parents really loved that child and kept treating her like they had always done?"I would have been jealous," she responds after a few seconds of silence. "Because it is not fair, I was there first," she continues. "They should have loved me, they should have took care of me... Not traumatise me."And she doesn't realise she'd started crying."I know they didn't want me," she sobs unconsciously, "and I don't blame them, who would want or grown to love a child who is the reason of your misfortune?" she wipes her tears away again. "But if they had had another baby I would've felt jealous, because they wanted it, after they experimented with me, they love that baby because it isn't me.""What with the letter your mother left for you and you found?""What with it?""Are you going to forgive her?""Her apology isn't going to erase the years of trauma I'd been through."Georgia nods and unconsciously scratches her left forearm for a second. Leevanna knows the reason."What would have happened if you'd discovered you were pregnant?" the blonde woman asks after writing for a short moment."I would have aborted it.""Why?""Because that baby doesn't deserve to live in an environment like the one I have now.""You mean Draco wouldn't have wanted it?" Georgia frowned. "Someone would've forced you to get rid of it?""No, it isn't that," Leevanna sighs running her fingers through her hair. "Draco and Narcissa would have love to have a child with them, Draco would've been a bit scared because he doesn't want to be like his father but he would've been happy, Narcissa would've even started to jump and cry," she chuckles weakly. "And Severus would have rolled his eyes after I tell him to not kill Draco, but he would've been supportive and happy too.""So it's you the one who wouldn't have wanted to have a child, you wouldn't have been happy," Leevanna nods. "Why?""You seem me asking Severus 'why' every five seconds when I was four," Georgia laughs and shrugs."That's my job.""My mind is a whirlwind right now," Leevanna huffs. "That child doesn't deserve to live with a mother like me, I'm fucked up, even my ass is fucking suicidal and I've lunches with my sadness," she looks away. "I'm not even safe because The Dark Lord can kill me at any minute when I less expect it," she continues. "I'm not mentally or physically ready to have a child either, I haven't even healed my own wounds and I would've just blamed the baby for causing me more depression, and if it killed me — because it would've happened, Draco couldn't even look at it and would've hate it.""And then why do you feel so guilty about your miscarriage?"Leevanna looks at her again. She really hates Georgia and her fucking stupid ass questions."Because I didn't want to end like my mother," and her breath is taken away. "I should've taken care of myself, even if I was busy with all the tasks The Dark Lord assigned to me and Draco," she sighs. It burns to do so. "I promised myself I wouldn't neglect a child the way my parents did with me and yet here I am," her head shakes in denial before wiping her tears away. "I should've noticed it, not Draco, nor Lhu or the Healer, me... I should've been the responsible one.""A miscarriage isn't anybody's fault, Leev, not even yours.""I know," she admits. "And at a certain point, I'm grateful it wasn't born, it would've only suffered here," she sighs. "But I'm also grateful because I got to carry my child with me even for that short amount of time. It was mine and I'll love it forever."Georgia smiles.And Leevanna rolls her eyes because she has become all softie and all is Draco's fault."You want to talk about the forest?""I'd say nice try, but it's not."Yeah, Leevanna hates Georgia.

Draco hadn't spoken.Michael, the Psycho Healer Severus had contacted to psychoanalyse Draco, was staring at him as the blond tried to avoid his looks and his left leg trembled due to anxiety, a habit he had had started to have since his father left Malfoy Manor leaving Narcissa and him alone with Severus Snape to take care of them.Michael look at the clock behind Draco and sighed. The blond was one of this particularly cases Michael has seen before, in kids and adults, he is accustomed at this point. It was also the first session, he understood the look of mistrust in the blond's eyes."Can I fucking leave now?" asked Draco and his leg began to tremble even more."We have an hour and a half left," said the man starting to write something on the papers he had.Draco huffed and rolled his eyes taking his head backwards. He wanted to go with Leevanna and leave."If you do something, maybe I could let you leave," said the man catching Draco's attention. "Draw a person under the rain with an umbrella.""The fuck is this? Hufflepuff's common room? Why the fuck would I—""You want to leave?" Draco huffed and took the paper and pencil Michael was extending him.Draco lasted twenty-three minutes drawing the person under the rain.The kid holding the umbrella had the gaze down, the size was between big and too big. It occupied almost all the page. There was also a lot of types of lines: broken, taut, disconnected, straight ones, straight with ripples, roughy straight ones, and fragmented lines. The pencil's pressure had go from slowly to strong and very strong. And he had started from the umbrella, head and finally the feet."There," he said handing the paper."You're a very good draftsman," said Michael analysing the draw. It was true, Draco drew beautifully.He shrugged and placed his right ankle over his knee and supported his face on his hand. "I had a lot of free time when my father left.""What more did you do when your father left?" the man asked leaving the paper aside while Draco sighed."I learnt how to play the piano, I started collecting samples of insects, I saw my mum cry and struggling to eat.""At any moment your mother blamed you because your father leaving?" Draco shook his head. "What more did you do?"And Draco started talking and talking.The hour and twenty fifteen minutes Draco didn't stop talking.When the time was done, Michael spoke, "You can leave now, Draco," and he stood up."What?" Draco frowned."The two hours are over."And Draco realised he had talked."You fucking little bit—""Draco?" and Leevanna's soft voice made the two turn around, she had opened the door. "Can we go home?""Yes, Leevy," and as if he was an magnet, he went directly to her and held her hand.And Draco turned to look at Michael with narrowed eyes.The first session hadn't go bad, Draco admits it. Even though at first he had refused to utter a single word, at the end he understood that if he wanted or not, he would have to talk at some point.Now, the second session is one of his favourites.He has to talk about Leevanna.And, god, he could keep talking and talking until eternity. She smirked against the edge of her grey-coloured cup before she sipped. The tip of her tongue slid across her lip, savouring the chocolate. He could talk about how he could not get enough of her body, her curves, the soft texture of her skin and the pale colour of it — how her body flushed and warmed at his touch. How her tiny hands travelled all his body with such softness and devotions, burning his cold skin with her touch — it was impossible to get tired of her subtle touch.He could not get enough of the pleasant and subtle aroma the soft curls of her hair released every time he was near it. He could not get enough of her pink-full lips and their taste — their fucking sweet taste.How her her soft lips pressed his, how she catches his upper lip and how her tongue ghosts his flesh. How the memory of her shaky, cold breath with hints of cherry syrup and honey — the way he had breathed her gasps filling his mouth with her intoxicating and venomous flavour — enters his mouth when the ribbons their lips are wrap promises.How, even though the time has passed, his hands keep trembling for a couple of seconds after every kiss. How the feeling the ghost of the skin of her tender cheeks against the palm of his hands — how his fingers had been so close but so distant from her hair — remains in him and becomes bigger every second.How he just needed her close. How his body relaxed at her touch that he felt exposed and vulnerable at her.How his eyes watered when she whispered that he made her smile even if she was angry as they spent hours in the bathtub after he had a bad day. The little whispers which seemed to be Northern Lights dancing throughout his body as she made him feel better.How her sweet voice makes him smile when he hears it first time in the morning. How her beautiful and hypnotising laugh colonises his body with arrows of joy.How the image of her so peacefully reading in front of the fireplace as she sips her hot chocolate to then pass her tongue across her lower lip is his favourite memory of them all.How her innocence makes him want to hug her until she enters his body to keep her safe from everything and everyone.How he dreams about seeing her cheeks and nose become rosy as she smiles when she plays under the snow to then jump to hug him and leave a soft kiss on his lips — just when they were alone. With no one else around them and feeling free.He could talk hours about way her eyes sparkled in such joy when she talked about flowers and her loved magical creatures or books.How her nose wrinkled softly when something bothered her and the way she frowned when she was frustrated. How childish whims she did when she did not understand something or how to do it made him chuckle and leave a kiss on her temple.About the way her fingers seemed to be playing the piano when she was bored. How her hands moved when she was writing those beautiful poems she wrote — he had read some of them with her permission — or when she was painting.He could talk about the little jumps she gave when she did something right before she ran towards him and explained her excitement.The way she bit down her lip or did a pout.How her hair floated thanks to the wind and caressed her face before she huffed trying to make it go away.Her laughs and happiness when she heard some music she liked and started jumping or moving her body according to the rhythm. The sound of her voice as she hummed or sang.He could spend hours talking about her and the ways she had to things or little details he had noticed about her and do not get bored or tired of it at all.She was the most important thing, his everything, what worried him every day — he despised it, but he could not help it and... And loves that.He was willing to give his soul for her if necessary, to live for and for her if she asked him, although she did not even have to ask. He was willing to promise her all the things in the world because he wanted to do so.He lives for Leevanna.He possesses every atom of that little kitten — how he likes to call her.He smiles every time he talks about her.But then Michael's question changes everything."Have you ever compared you mother with Leevanna?""Why the fuck would I that?" Draco frowned at Michael's question."In the... Six — seven," amend the man looking at the paper, "pages I have about her, you mention you need to protect Leevanna, that is your responsibility," and he upped his gaze to meet Draco's eyes. "Why?""Because there's bad people in the world, duh.""That's an answer a five-year-old would give," Draco took off his middle finger at his words."She is my wife," he sighed, "I think that's an obvious reason," he continues. "Her parents had hurt her enough all previous years, she has been traumatised, she doesn't deserve more suffering," his gaze divagates through the room. "When I left her after not even wanting to hear her, I hurt her... I let her suffer alone and I wasn't there for her," his eyes met Michael again. "She didn't even eat, she— I let her suffer, I hurt her. I'm still hurting her.""And then why are you with her?""Because I—" he huffs. "I live for her, yeah? I promised her I wouldn't go anywhere again, that I wouldn't leave her again," he says running his hands through his hair. "And I promised myself I wouldn't be like my father.""Why are you so afraid of being your father, Draco? Is because of Azkaban?""It isn't that," Draco sighs. "My father hurt my mum and for consequence hurt me, he left us alone and didn't even treat us well after that," and he has to blink several times to not let the tears fall. "His only worry was The Dark Lord, not even how much my mum kept crying and crying.""See, that's my point," says Michael intertwining his hands over his lap. "You think Leevanna is your mother and you see yourself as your father.""I don't—""Let me finish," Michaels cut him off making him huff. "You think if you leave Leevanna and then you return with her, she isn't gonna forgive you completely, you are afraid your marriage ends up like the one your parents have," he continues. "But that's not going to happen, Draco, you punish yourself for a little mistake anyone can commit," the man doesn't take his eyes from Draco. "You mother committed a mistake years ago... And it was not letting your father be with you even if they had problems, they hurt you in the middle of something that should've been kept for the two."Draco looks away, the tears had began to escape."You didn't go back with Leevanna at that time because you didn't know what to do," Michael adds. "You refuged yourself and how the things had been between your parents, but now you learnt and grow," he sighs. "Why do you keep punishing yourself?""I wasn't aware of her," he mutters. "I let her carry a baby and I didn't even realise.""The miscarriage wasn't your fault, Draco," says Michael. "It wasn't anyone's fault, things happen and sometimes we can't do anything about it," the man sighs. "Leevanna isn't your mother and you're not your father.""I hurt her," his watery eyes meet Michael's."You didn't, Draco," Michael says. "You need to stop punishing yourself for things you can't control."Draco let escape a ragged sigh from his lips and covered his face with his hands."Leevanna's session just finished," says Michael. "You can go with her now."And Draco stands up from the armchair the fastest he can."You are a bastard, Michael," says Draco opening the door."I've been told." ༄ The sun was beginning to peek over the horizon.Leevanna placed a hand on her forehead trying to cover herself from the light. She never thought Vaughan Manor would be so peaceful after being abandoned.She had followed one of the advices Georgia had given to her and used Apparition to return. Her parents' dormitory caused her a lot of curiosity. Generally, she apparated there in the early morning and went back to Hogwarts before Draco woke up.She had found a huge trunk full of diaries that belonged to her mother. Which curiously had as a combination to open it the date of Leevy's birthday. October 12, 1979

  Do you think love exists?

  I have bad news, I'm pregnant. And now I also have to get married. On top of that, we're in a war.

  I'm not even 20 yet!

Narcissa says that when I get married to Nicholas, we're both going to start loving each other. But it's easy for her, Lucius and she had been the perfect couple for years.

  I didn't even know Nicholas until two months ago because of a party.

  I don't even like Nicholas... He wasn't my first.

  I want to live my life with Adrian, in France, but now I'm pregnant for a stupid mistake.

  Leaving my suffering and bad fortune aside, my research regarding my hair is quite advanced.

  Mother told me to stop wasting my time in nonsense, but she doesn't understand that it's not 'nonsense'. We've lived deceived all this time!

  It's not because of the 'purity' of my heart and shit like that. It's for the love that exists in me.

  But not for myself, for another person. Leevanna looked at the books resting on the glass-made table in front of her Salem Offsprings and Witches Customs.

Curious to know more about why the tip of your fingers are black or simple wanting to know from where your offspring comes from? Then you should —

She skips all the introduction and goes glances the pages of the book quickly until the chapter 'Blood Rituals and Dark Arts' catches her attention.

Blood Rituals and Dark Arts

In many cultures, blood is seen as a prevailing symbol of life. The tradition to affirm a contract, alliances or vow in blood, was regarded as making the deal irreversible in nature and involved a solemn ritual that involved the mixing of two drops of blood as a sacred seal.

Salem in the times were witchcraft was discovered by Muggles and them burned the witches to try and suppress their fears, was mostly habited by dark witches who were commonly known for practicing Dark Arts and conceiving Blood Rituals to protect their families or significant others.

A Blood Ritual is a type of magically binding agreement between two parties who shared their blood. It could be made by the parties cutting their hands with their wands and interlacing them and making the desired oath. Upon doing this, two glowing drops of blood would raise from their palms and mingle into one. Thereafter, a phial would take shape around it, enclosing the drop, signifying that the deal was struck.

Once made the vial, it is supposedly impossible to destroy.

Salem witches would make Blood Rituals with the nature or other witches and wizards. It is also known Unicorn Blood was also used in these kind of rituals to acquire its properties.

The witches who did the rituals had to have something to mark them for life, i. e. their hair or fingertips would turn black (if your hair becomes black and your offspring isn't from Salem, see page 205). Magic evolved, rituals were left behind. But the witches could no longer change what they had done — cut hair was off the list or the ritual would be supposedly fire backwards or, in extreme, break —  so it got mixed up with their DNA and the next generations acquired it.

She looked at her hair, which rested on her shoulder."Now it makes more sense." "Why can't Draco and I get married in the wizardry world?" she whined.

"Because it is dangerous," Severus sighed while continue to write down on his parchment. "I have talked with you about it."

"No, you haven't," she huffs. "You only said that I should never let my magic be infested by somebody else's."

"There is your explanation."

He turned to see her and stopped writing, "What?"

Leevanna whined again. Her eyes redirect again to the book on the table and she searches until the chapter comes to be seen.

Salem Marriage Bonds and Cults

Even though the exact legal nature of marriage in the wizarding world is unknown, for a witch in Salem to get married, she has to create a soul bond with her significant other. That is, tie her soul with the other person's and by means share capability of knowledge and power.

Witches have been always more powerful than wizards in  y mean of emotions and nature, so when two souls became tied and one of them couldn't handle the other, destruction could be made and people would be killed by this.

In Salem, witches were mostly afraid to get married because of the terror to see their significant others die caused. Other of their fears was giving birth to a child who would have no limit in controlling their powers when recently born (to see about magical babies see page 760 —

And Leevanna doesn't waist time.

Magical new-borns and behaviour

When two souls are capable to accept the other and carey the weight of the knowledge and power they just acquired, the sexual intercourse takes place to procreate a new magical being.

When the child is born, their magic is on the surface of their skin, everything could activate it, so the mother — or the father, in case the mother has passed away during the pregnancy — must be careful with the education of this because the power the new-born posses is superior to the mother and father's but not to the soul-bond.

The power of a child can signify chaos —

She goes two chapters back, to marriage bonds.

— If the wizard wasn't a citizen from the village or Salem in general it is probably that his soul doesn't take well the weight of the soul-bond and the person could die. This also can happen vice-versa.

If one of the parties dies after the marriage bond was made, the soul-bond prevails being valid, it doesn't break and the powers remain. If the grief is too big, the person that continues alive should be put into suspended animation for several hours until the recent pain lowers and the person isn't a danger to others.

She closes the book."Oh."

And the days keep passing, the hours, the minutes and the months. Leevanna feels all the same as before. The bright and sunshiny days kept giving her a horrible headache and she keeps cursing the sun for existing.The nightmares are all the same. The memories are all the same."My life," he called her in a whisper controlling his tears. It was already almost the end of March, April was around the corner. A few days ago both had taken a new class with Charity Burbage, it only lasted an hour because both had their visit with their Psycho Healers.All that time, Draco hadn't touched Leevanna in a sexual way. He couldn't. He felt like he was going to hurt her. Although he had already done it. She had carried a baby and he hadn't taken care of her, he had hurt her."Hm?" She answered with her head resting on his legs. She had missed those words escaping his lips. She had missed a lot of things, like his kisses. Her body feels better now and her mind is finally accepting the miscarriage wasn't her fault.Draco cleaned his tears without her noticing it."Is almost dinner time, you want to go down?" He asked caressing her hair gently. She stayed silent for a few seconds thinking about her answer."Yes," she sighed.Draco frowned, had she said yes? Usually, both stayed in the room to avoid people, but — had she said yes? He took a deep breath and nodded caressing her hair."Let's go down then," he smiled and she sat in bed while he stood up."Draco," she called him. He stabbed himself to reach her height and looked her in the eye. "Kiss me..."His heart stopped beating for a second.He didn't kiss her because he was truly afraid to hurt her, even with the fewest touch... But he missed her so much.He nodded pressing their foreheads and slowly approaching his face to hers until he joined his lips with her. He cupped her face with his hand and kissed her gently, not hurting her in any way.It is soft, the ribbons and bows their lips are caressing and pressing as butterflies' wings, wrapping the sensations at the edge of their fleshes with promises of letting them explode soon.His hand slides up her cheek and finds her soft curls, tangling his fingers in them before leaving another kiss on her lips, wanting to make the cherry syrup and honey flavour he hadn't tasted in a long time.He remembered their kiss in their fourth year at Hogwarts. That one under the stars.When they went down to The Great Hall, the noise was unbearable. Leevanna was the first to close her eyes due to her headache as she clung to Draco. They were used to the silence of their room. He covered her ears with his hands and led her to the Slytherin table, where Lhu apart them two places in front of her."Sweetie," Lhu told her, leaving a kiss on her forehead before she sat down. "I had the intuition that you were going down and asked for something special for you," she smiled, the green-eyed gave her the gesture weakly and Lhu stood up to take the lid out of a tray. "Draco told me that, when you went to Italy, you didn't stop eating carbonated pasta, so I made some small arrangements in the kitchen."Leevanna's eyes filled up with tears before standing out of her seat and hugging Lhu tightly.She didn't know how to express her gratitude and love to her, that was the first thing that had occurred to her."Who are you and what have you done with my Leevy?" Laughed the curly-haired returning the hug, both sat down after a couple of seconds.Leevanna took the fork from the table and stared the dish for a few seconds. She remembered all those times that she and Draco cried every time he fed her.She smiled and brought some food to her mouth tasting it."Theo! I'm not having sex with you!" and that's Pansy Parkinson's voice. "I have a boyfriend, you imbecile cunt.""I suggested a threesome, Salazar's deformed tit, not to be your husband," Theo rolls his eyes. "Honey, you need to stop being such a bitch.""How did you just call me?!"And Leevanna laughs attracting their attention."My Ice Queen!" says Theo approaching to mess her hair. "We've missed you.""Vaughan," says Blaise with a smile before hitting fists with her."Haven't learned how to do your makeup, haven't you?" chuckles Pansy before leaving a kiss on her cheek and taking a seat next to Blaise."Haven't learned in what place do the tuck, haven't you?" Leevanna chuckled seeing how the girl's shirt was everything but well nodded."Oh, fuck off," Pansy rolls her eyes playfully."I swear, I am a paper or something," Draco said catching everyone's attention. "Hello, I exist.""They always miss me more, blondie," Leevanna smiled taking another tablespoon of pasta to her mouth."Piss off.""After you then."And that dinner consists of Theo messing with everyone and Pansy hitting him with her wand several times as everyone laughs.At the half of it, she met Luna Lovegood's eyes, and Leevanna smiled at her making Luna smile too.They were going to survive. They were going to be fine. ༄ "It's not his fault," Leevanna sighed, ceasing to look herself in the mirror."Leev, if he had taken care of you—""If I had also taken care of myself," she interrupted him sitting on the edge of his desk. Severus sighed. "Don't be mad at him," she asked him and he rolled his eyes. "He has taken care of me for the past three months with his life," a sigh leaves her lips. "He doesn't even dare touch me.""Let him keep his bloody hands away of you," she glared him. "Where is he by the way?""At this time he must be in The Room of Requirement," she sighed again. "His life is at risk and he preferred to take care of me. I had to force him to leave me one moment.""I offered him my help.""Don't be so proud," she laughed softly by taking a quill and passing the feather through her hand. He rolled his eyes seeing her pout. "For me?""I wish you go back to when you were eight-years-old and thought that love was to tell stories about someone," he said in a murmur making her laugh. "Fine! But if something happens to you again—""I'm going to convince you again," she smiled before leaving a kiss on his cheek and getting off the table. "I'll see you later, uncle Severus."And while Snape thought about how to tell his goddaughter that her plan had failed and inadvertently had caused a scandal about Ron Weasley and the Bungbarrel Spiced Mead's poisoned bottle — which he had seen Leevy give to Slughorn at his party —, Harry followed Draco to find out where he was going and why he hadn't gone to classes with Leevanna all those months.From afar, Draco looked very haggard: his deep dark circles, unhealthy pale skin, and he had even lost weight. Leevanna was the same just that she had recovered a bit of her weight now and her own clothes were already fitting her better.The blue-grey-eyed one removed the huge and thick fabric that covered The Vanishing Cabinet and sighed tiredly. He was exhausted, but he had to finish his task as soon as possible, so he could return with Leevanna.He wanted to be with her all the time. He wouldn't take his eyes off her for a single moment again. He wouldn't even dare to do so. He had hurt her enough.He placed the little bird on the cabinet wood and slowly closed the door thinking that if what he was going to do was right. It had worked with an apple, several in fact, but he hadn't tried it with something alive.He observed the sleeve of his robes seeing the small feather that had detached from the little bird. He took it with the fingers of his other hand and observed it.He let the small feather fly by no longer listening to the singing from the bird. He opened the cabinet with some nervousness. There was nothing.He waited a couple of minutes. He hoped it would have worked.He opened the door slowly after reciting the repairing spell.His mood declined at that moment.He frowned confused when he saw the small bird thrown into the wood.Why didn't it seem to breathe?He couldn't help thinking that that bird was his precious Leevanna.All those days when she only slept for long hours came to his mind.He started crying.Meanwhile, Leevanna was sitting on their bed humming a soft melody while reading a book she had found between her things. She had decided to change and use a jumper of Draco next to one of her sports leggings. Fancy clothes and corsets were out of her sight for now.She turned her head over when she heard the door being open, but her smile left when she saw the dry tears on Draco's pale cheeks."What happened?" She asked seeing him sit on the edge of the bed with his back at her. "Draco? What happened?" She approached him by supporting her chin on his shoulder."It's dead," he murmured, feeling his eyes filled again with tears."Draco, don't scare me," she said by standing up from the bed and kneeling to reach his height. She took his face between her hands to begin to wipe away his tears.She caressed his hair and began to think.In the past, before that, when either of them had a bad day, they discharged on the other.If Draco arrived angry at the room, or the mark on his arm began to burn causing tears to accumulate in his eyes, he kissed her roughly and both ended up in bed or had sex in whatever place they found that was private — except the bloody Forbidden Forest.If she had a bad day or entered into a trance after hurting her arm for scratching it, she looked for him to kiss his lips and end up in bed.After that, they both talked for hours until they got tired, or stayed in silent only listening to their breathing and heartbeats.It was their way of fixing things.No one had taught them how to control o express their emotions, so they had created a way.Leevanna bit her lower lip. Maybe...She wrapped his neck with her arms attracting him to her body and gathered their lips in a raw and passionate kiss. He frowned somewhat confused and returned the kiss little by little. Draco supported one of his hands on her neck by attracting her more to him.The green-eyed deepened the kiss by standing off the ground and sitting on him to start untying his robes. Her hands quickly passed to untie the knot on his tie while he took out his dark grey knitted v-neck sweater. He entered his hands through her clothes caressing her lower back and gently bitten her lower lip, making her moan softly.It was at that time that he reacted and pushed her away from him."Don't do that again," he told her seriously while she got up from the ground. "D-Don't ever — don't ever do that again," she frowned, was he angry?"Why you seem so mad about it? We used to do that," she said stopping her steps when she saw how he moved away from her."We used to... You say it, we used to," he clarified by passing a hand through his hair, letting tears run down by his cheeks."And we can go back, I don't know why are you so scared of touching me," she said feeling her eyes burn. "Don't you want me with you anymore? Is that it?""Don't be ridiculous," he said smiling sarcastically. "You're my life, Leevanna. I — obviously that I want you with me.""Then, I don't know! You won't talk to me," she huffed, her tears began to fall. "I — I can't understand you, Draco... If you don't talk to me... If you don't explain it to me...""I thought I had lost you... That day," he began by looking her in the eye. "I — I thought that you had died in my arms.""Draco..." she said trying to get closer."You wanna know what I'm scared of?!" He yelled. "I'M SCARED OF EVERYTHING!" His tears fell down his cheeks grimly. "I'm sacred to MOVE! I'm scared of BREATHE! I'm sacred of HURTING YOU IF I TOUCH YOU!""You would never," she said feeling a knot in her throat. "You would never hurt me, Draco. You are not going to hurt me if you touch me!""You — you were pregnant," he gasped. "And I didn't fucking notice it! I didn't take fucking care of you! You had a fucking miscarriage because of me!""That's not true... It was not your fault...""I CAN'T LOSE YOU AGAIN!" And everything went silent. "You made me love — live for you!" He ran his fingers through his hair breathing heavily. "You— You didn't see me there laying in a fucking pool of blood thinking I had died!""Draco..." she whispered before surrounding his neck with her arms attracting him in a hug listening to him cry. "I'm never going to leave you, never," she sighed feeling how he tightened his grip around her. "I'm fine. You're fine. We're fine.""I was so scared," he whispered supporting his forehead on her shoulder while he sobbed."I know, my life, I know.""I can't let the man hurt you again," he whispered against her clothes. "I'm so sorry, Leevy..."And Leevanna knows it's the moment to start talking. One because she doesn't understand a single shit about what man and why the fuck he hurt her, and two because she is tired of the glances."What man, Draco?" she asks lowly."I can't say it... He—"  Draco shook his head. He wasn't able to say it and then traumatise her more than she already was."Are you — are you talking about the initiations?" she gropes and he nods slowly. "Draco," she says, "I — we need to talk about that... At least I want to do so."He pulls away from her and she sighs when he sees his confused frown. Her hand meet his and she walks towards the bed for the two to lay down. Once the two are facing each other she starts twirling the pits of his robes before closing her eyes and taking a deep breath."Georgia, my Psycho Healer, is a cunt, I hate her and her fucking stupid ass questions," she says. "But I have to tell you, I hate that she's right, but I have to do so."She doesn't open her eyes yet. Doesn't want to. It would be more difficult if she opened them."I woke up in the woods," she sighs, "I didn't and don't know where I was or if I continued being in Europe even," she adds. "It took me approximately ten minutes to realise I was covered in blood, I didn't know who's it was, I just knew it was blood," her eyes keep being closed. "It took me five minutes more to crawl over the grass and find a dead and decomposing body... Your body."And Draco frowns, confused. He has his eyes closed too."I'm not going to describe it because it was traumatic, you can use Legilimency after if you want but I am not going to do it," she clarified. "It took me another two minutes to find a knife that I was very familiar with, near the scene, the wounds your body had were from that knife. I knew it had been my fault because all fitted," she continues. The memories starting to cross her mind. "You already know that my mind is pretty fucked up, so it's not gonna be surprised to hear me say that I started having hallucinations, one was you and the other was me," she remembers everything. As if it had happened just yesterday. "I didn't move from where I had found you for, I reckon, two weeks, after that I fell asleep and woke up in another part of the woods."She inhales deeply. Needs to do so to be able and continue. The air leaves her nose slowly."The next four bodies I found were Aly's, Leo's, Daniell's and Alexy's, not hurt by the knife but the wounds they had because of my father" she continued talking. "For that time I had started doing Arithmancy formulas to try and keep ignoring the hallucinations and I also carried the knife everywhere. The next bodies I found were the twin's and Lee's, all the same wounds, the knife and they were hung too," she sighed. "After being unconscious, I counted two thousand and thirty-one trees before finding Luna's body, the knife's and my fault again," she is surprised she isn't crying. "After three hundred and fifty-nine trees and being unconscious for I don't know how much, I found Lhu's, Severus' and Narcissa's dead and decomposing bodies, all the same wounds, all my fault and the knife's."As she keeps speaking, through her mind all repeats as flashes. She can see the bodies, herself, the hallucinations, the knife, the blood, the larvae and crows, the darkness."I had lost the hope and at some point, I had started praying for someone to bring you back, I prayed to anyone though I had absolutely no hope and I'm sure I went mental there because I remembered our first year and thought about The Dark Lord," she huffs. "I was willing to do anything to bring you and the other persons too, back, I was willing to fulfil every single task The Dark Lord proposed me," and her arm starts itching. "I don't remember how many formulas I did or how many trees I counted before falling unconscious again. Then I woke up in a dark room and someone dragged across the floor me until The Dark Lord appeared and put the Dark Mark in my arm, then that same masked man dragged me until I fell over you."And she is able to open her eyes again. She meets Draco's, that had opened at the same time."That's the man you were talking about?" Draco denied with his head silently. "Could you — could you explain it to me then?" he looks away from her a second and twirls his tongue against the inner part of his cheek. "It's — It is okay if you don't—""Use Legilimency," he sighs closing his eyes. "I'm not going to — I can't explain it, just — use it on me because I have a different version of what happened."And Leevanna obeys him. It takes her a second before concentrating well and focusing on the art she is very familiar with and mastered in.Her invasion into Draco's mind is soft, she knows how to control it to not cause pain on him. She knows he hadn't put effort in constructing a barrier though he is mastered Occlumency.She was surprised he himself had instantly driven her to his memories without giving her time to divagate through other ones.She stopped when his agitated breathing made an appearance, then his eyes opened little by little, letting her view the memory as if she was him. Everything was dark and the sound of the chains when he moved scared her a bit. He had been wrapped with them and his hands were the same. 

 That's her voice. Then he says her name before the Leevanna in the memory starts crying and begging for mercy.She was in a table, using a dress she didn't own, a blindfold covering her eyes and her hands tied. She was crying. Leevanna was scared, it was so real that for a moment she thought she had started crying in reality.A man made an appearance in the side of the mirror she was in. The Leevanna there started crying and imploring even more. 

 And she froze when the man started sliding his hands over her thighs before lifting her unfamiliar dress. Draco kept screaming and screaming for the man to let her go. She was screaming and crying too, even louder.She can't comprehend completely because she is still in shock. Doesn't want to comprehend.Because she is seeing her own rape.And it doesn't end there.Because then she hears Draco screaming even more when the word Crucio makes its appearance put of fucking nowhere.Everything is happening so — she doesn't — what? — the fuck is — she can't understand — what the actual fuck?He hears his thoughts as that happens. He had started counting the seconds.She is confused, no — scared — terrified — in shock — she has a mixture of feelings she hadn't ever experienced before.Dysphoria invades her and she suddenly finds she is gasping conforming the memory fades away and passes to the next one.And — oh, God... 

 Narcissa Malfoy is now over the table, using a long black dress and in the same position Leevanna had been moments before.The woman who's a mother figure for Leevanna starts crying and imploring too. And the green-eyed isn't prepared to see if the masked man is going to rape the woman too. Fortunately — if she could even say that — he doesn't do what he did with Leevanna. He just stands a few feet away from where Narcissa is and murmured the torture curse again.Narcissa cried out, screams like Leevanna has never heard her do before. It is more than heartbreaking and breathtaking.It is devastating and incredibly horrible. No word could even describe how Leevanna felt seeing the memories.She wants to vomit. She really wants to vomit.Now she understands a lot of things. Behaviours in Draco she couldn't know the reason before.And she couldn't keep looking. It was too much for her just hearing the cries and screams. Seeing it was worse.She ends the invasion quickly, as a car which goes in reverse at all velocity. For Draco felt like a blade being pulled out because of the sudden action. He had to close his eyes tightly for a second feeling the ring resonating in his skull."Ouch," he whispers before blinking several times to focus his vision.When he can do it completely, his eyes met a Leevanna covering her mouth with both hands as the tears run down her cheeks. And he prefers not to tell her how many times he saw the two women he loves the most being hurt in such a horrific way.Her arms wrap him suddenly and tightly, her forehead is pressed against his chest and a shocked and ragged gasp leaves her mouth as her eyes continue to rain. She doesn't know what to say. She is just there, wrapping him with all the strength her body could recollect.He sighs and passes an arm over her to start caressing her hair with his chin over her hair. His other arm becomes her pillow and with that one, he hugs her tightly too.And they realise both had been terribly and vilely lied into their bare faces and they fell on the trap like mouses searching cheese.Because Leevanna didn't kill Draco or the other people and Draco saw a false mirrored image of her and his mum being raped."It's okay," he sighs leaving a kiss on her hair and closing his eyes. "All is just a memory now.""Just a memory..." she whispers too. ༄ "He said he was going to try, give him time," Lhu suggested laying next to her friend by taking a lollipop to her mouth."I know..." Leevanna sighed by placing her hands on her belly resting them. "I didn't know how he felt, I just wanted to make him feel better by going back to what we used to be.""Both lost a baby, Leev," Lhu replied by raising her legs and touching her feet with her fingertips. "Both locked up in your own world for more than two months, that's a lot.""Do you think we're going to go back to before?""With time," Lhu sighed. "Did you already told him you don't want to have another baby?" Leevanna looked at her."It's not that I don't want another baby, Lhu," she passed her nails through the skin of her stomach. "It's just that it terrifies me to know that the same thing can happen.""That fear is always going to stay, Leevy," she answered by looking at her lollipop. "Just as you're afraid of going through the same thing, he is too. He's also afraid to see you again on the floor of a bathroom bleeding and not knowing what to do.""At least he's with me, you know?" Mused the green-eyed. "I know there would be other people who would simply move away and close, but he didn't... I know he would have done it, but he managed to be with me and not leave me... He was with me all those nights and we went through so many things...""See? It's just a matter of both healing over time," Lhu smiled. "You see that in the blink of an eye you're going to be tied back on a bed receiving the best sex of your life," she ended up making mimics with her hands.Then both burst into laughter."I—" Leevanna laughed with her hands on her stomach trying to stop her laughter. "I fucking love you.""It took you long enough to tell me, huh, Vaughan.""Well, get ready to wait another seven years."And both burst again in laughter. ༄ "Oh," said Moaning Myrtle glumly when she saw Harry and Ron instead of Draco and Leevanna. "It's you two.""Who were you expecting?" Said Ron, looking at her in the mirror."Nobody," said Myrtle, picking moodily at a spot on her chin. "They said they'd come back and see me, but then you said you'd pop in and visit me too," she gave Harry a reproachful look, "and I haven't seen you for months and months. I've learned not to expect too much from boys.""I thought you lived in that girls' bathroom?" Said Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide berth for some years now. For his own sake and privacy."I do," she said, with a sulky little shrug, "but that doesn't mean I can't visit other places. I came and saw you in your bath once, remember?""Vividly," said Harry. And a current runs down his spine making him shiver a bit."But I know they both like me," she said plaintively. "Maybe if you two left, they'd come back again. We had lots in common. I'm sure they felt it," and she looked hopefully towards the door."When you say you had lots in common," said Ron, sounding rather amused now, "did you mean they live in an S-bend too?""No," said Myrtle defiantly, her voice echoing loudly around the old tiled bathroom. "Both had different personalities if you asked me, I mean he's sensitive, people bully him too, and he feels lonely and hasn't got anybody to talk to — except for me and her —, and he's not afraid to show his feelings and cry!" the ghost says happily. "And she is so sweet and has been through a lot of things... She is probably the strongest woman I have ever met, she is so brave to confront all that trauma... And she is always smiling! I don't know how she does it, but she does," Myrtle smiles. "She was so heartless, yet so full of feelings he has helped her to smile at," she sighs. "A pity she lost her baby, it would've been so beautiful.""There's been a boy in here crying?" Said Harry curiously. "A young boy?""Forget about the boy," said Ron. "She just said someone lost a baby.""Never you mind!" Said Myrtle, her small, leaky eyes fixed on Ron, who was now definitely grinning. "I promised I wouldn't tell a single soul, and I'll take their secret to the—""—Not the grave, surely?" Said Ron with a snort. "The sewers, maybe."Myrtle howled in rage and dived back into the toilet, causing water to slop over the sides and onto the floor. Goading Myrtle seemed to have put fresh heart into Ron.And it was true, everything Myrtle said was true.Outside the bathroom, several metres away, Leevanna smiled looking at Draco. He smiled back at her before putting a strand of hair behind her ear.And then, he grabbed her wrist softly while she shuddered at the familiar touch of his cold hand.

"If you keep tickling me, I swear I'm going to throw you a book.""And I'm going to dodge it, as always when you throw books at me."Then Draco passed his fingerprints across the soft skin of her abdomen making her laugh. Every caress was delicate and extremely careful."Stop! Stop!" She laughed, he was laughing too."Fine," he said sighing and laughing when he saw how she gasped from exhaustion.They were already a few days away from reaching May, time passed quite quickly according to them. And Lhu was right, time was healing everything little by little.Leevanna, for example, had stopped looking at herself in the mirror for long periods of time after bathing and smiled every time she thought about having another person growing inside her, but she wanted to wait a few years. She knows she isn't prepared for such a big responsibility and she needs to heal her very deep wounds first. She also needs to stop having a suicidal ass.Draco, for his part, had grown closer to her as far as 'touch' is concerned. He no longer had that invading fear that ran through his body every time he held her very tight and had kissed her again as he did before. He had also gone back to pass his gaze all over her body and kissed her neck. The memories that haunted him were still there, it isn't easy to erase them even though they continue going with their Psycho Healers. Just once a week now.For Easter they had spent a few days in Malfoy Manor, Cissy kept filling Leevanna with love and affection, they had also had a long talk under the sunset drinking tea while Draco read in the library of the house.Leevanna had talked to Luna, she had apologised for not listening to her, but the girl had told her that there was no problem, she also apologised for her loss. Fred, George, and Lee had also visited her and they were happy to see her laugh.Their tasks, on the other hand, were going to the same shit: Slughorn had given Potter the memory about the Horcruxes, and when Leevanna found out she almost starts crying; Snape couldn't tell her about Ron Weasley. For Draco's part, he spent a little more time in The Room of Requirement since he knew that The Dark Lord was in his sights and would kill him and Leevy at any time if he didn't finish on time.The subject of their initiations was something they had spent three whole days talking and talking about non-stop. Tears were shed and many sighs joined the wind as the words left their lips. Leevanna had made chocolate muffins appear making Draco laugh in the middle of the tears. She had missed so much eating without throwing up afterwards. She had enjoyed muffins like never before. After those three days of non-stop chatting, they had both slept a full day and a half before spending another day laughing and remembering things from years before.And then there were the moments like those:She stopped laughing and let out a sigh from her lips before changing her position by sitting on him. He smiled sideways feeling how she dishevelled his hair."If I let it grow, are you going to stop ruffling me?" He asked her holding her hips with his hands, she smiled and nodded.She bit her lower lip before taking his cheeks and kissing his lips passionately. He returned the kiss starting to tighten the grip on her hips, attracting her more to his body.She responded with such enthusiasm that he was taken aback at first, but regained his composure and reminded himself of what was happening; he was really kissing her, she was really kissing him, and the world around them was meaningless. Everything seemed to be perfect yet again.He was kissing gently on the lips, taking enough time to express his affection thoughtfully and make her feel cherished.And they both lost in the kiss.The planet rotating beneath them seemed to stop its endless cycle, and the infinite universe of worlds clashed as the space between them suddenly ceased to exist.And he was falling fast, craving her scent and the feel of her so close to him, unsure where he ended and she began. Draco slid his hands inside the fabric of her grey sweater and she knew that they could go further.Leevanna unbuttoned his white shirt and passed her hands through the hard skin of his chest feeling how he surrounded her neck with his hand pressing his rings against her skin. He slid the huge fabric through her skin and she raised her arms so that he could take it out.He had never been more grateful to have life until now. He would have rather walked into hell again and again than lose this. He is grateful to have her there, by his side, alive and smiling at him against his lips. Her entrancing green eyes, her laugh when he does something stupid, her hair and how it fell over her shoulder when she looked at him or jumped from excitement, her raspy voice every morning she woke up next to him, the softness of her blood-rushed lips and its flavour, and her hands, those tiny hands, conforming and loosening to his cold fingers in perfect rhythm with him.Time stopped in its tracks. There was nothing left on Earth, or in the entire universe for that matter. The stars imploded and the sun shone brighter than ever. And he feels the stars exploding in his veins when her hand caresses his hair.The blond trailed his kisses down her jawline and neck leaving a trace of dark little bruises on her skin while she entangled her fingers in his hair pulling him more. The black-haired one slid his shirt down his shoulders until she took it off before bringing their lips together.Her heart begins to pound. She is there, feeling a desire run from her heart to her chest, and down toward her inner thighs that she has missed so much.She nodded slowly when he slid his hands up her thighs above her sports leggings and then start sliding the fabric through her hips. She feels safe, he spoke no words. Her heart is about to beat out of her chest and she closed her eyes and take a deep breath out. He delicately put her on the bed setting himself between her legs to continue sliding her leggings through her legs until he took them off.Draco kissed her neck down her chest and then her stomach and belly, where he left a delicate soft kiss to climb back to her lips. He looked her in the eye for a few seconds. She stroked the back of his head in a way of telling him that everything was fine.He melted when he saw her green eyes shine with submission and desire.He had missed and desired her so much.And so had she.He joined their lips once again while sliding the edges of her underwear through her thick thighs until he removed it.The green-eyed slid her small hands through the hard skin of his chest down his abdomen and stopped them on the edge of his black sweatpants. She started playing with elastic until she lowered down next to his boxers.The blue-eyed helped her with her goal until they both were naked. She squirmed in bed when she felt the hardness of his dick against her heat, causing a soft moan escape from her blood-rushed lips.Her small, fragile body grew warm to the touch of his large hands.He brushed his tip down her pulsating clit until he reached her wet entrance. He slowly entered her pumping a couple of times listening to her whimpers of pleasure.She arched her back, digging her nails into his arms while he accelerated his thrusts by completely immersing himself inside her. Delirious and soft moans came out of her lips.It was a little painful for her since her body had become unusual with having sex every day for almost four months now. But she didn't care much if we said, she had missed so much that he touched her the way he was doing it.Draco felt her legs pressing his hips asking for more, but he didn't know if give her more. He wanted to, yes, he wanted to do a thousand things with her and go back to their nights of affairs, but what if he hurt her again?He looked her in the eyes and gathered their lips feeling how she moaned between every kiss.Leevanna buried her nails on his back, beginning to feel the orgasm being built inside her. He pounded her deeper and harder while she arched her back in pleasure, swimming in a sea of passion and lust."Fuck," he growled by feeling her slick walls pressing around his throbbing dick, causing the orgasm inside him to begin to send signals to his whole body.She began to see stars as she wailed higher, her hands quickly went down to tighten the sheets under her by arching her back once again feeling her legs shaking and the climax exploding.Draco tried to come out of her, he didn't want to take another risk, but she took his cheeks by joining their lips preventing him from moving. He groaned against her lips feeling the orgasm liberate inside his body as he came inside her and let his thick cum fill her interiors.She panted against his lips feeling her body unravel and release herself by sending currents down her spine. He quickly pulled out of her making her frown."What's going on?" She asked him sweetly while sitting on him."I-I came inside you... I—""It's okay," she reassured him with a smile surrounding his neck with her arms to kiss him. He frowned without understanding, he was scared. "It's okay, Draco, it's fine," she repeated while he held her waist with both hands tightly. He nodded by pulling her closer to kiss her.It was fine. They were fine. ༄ "Then Fred—" Lhu gasped laughing. "Fred thought George was me and kissed him!"Leevanna choked with her pineapple juice for laughter.Lhu was telling her about things that had happened when she went to The Burrow for Easter vacation. She loved to go there and spend all the time she could with her two messy redheads who take her out of her senses before making her cry from laughter."It was the most passionate kiss—" the curly-haired laughed holding her stomach. "I — George's face!"The green-eyed covered her face with both hands trying to stop her laughter. They were in The Great Hall having breakfast, it was a fairly quiet morning.The sun wasn't shining that bright that day and Leevanna loved the semi-cold wind that blew through the most remote corners of the castle. Things were a lot better now. Everything seemed to be a little bit brighter.Though that warm feeling wouldn't be with them merging in the air as a breeze of spring that mixes with their breaths and enters their within as hot chocolate for much longer."Why do you have Draco's robes?" Lhu asked her a few minutes later when they had already calmed down. She was holding a cup of pumpkin juice before taking it fo her mouth and drink it."I couldn't find mine," she replied by taking a strawberry to her mouth. "Our room is a disaster, I don't know ho—""That's a love bite?" Interrupted the girl by opening her eyes in surprise with a smile."Where?" She turned her head distracted."Your neck, dumbass," Lhu laughed watching her best friend's cheeks blush a little. Leevanna was still pretty disconnected from the world."Oh — ...Yes..." she admitted with a smile forming on her lips before taking another strawberry to her mouth. She was eating normally now, in small amounts to accustom her body to receive solid things and not just potions."What did I tell you? Mumsy Lhu always tells the truth," Lhu winked her an eye making her laugh."It's like getting back into a routine, frankly," Leevanna said by crossing her arms on the table. She was full of food. "After almost four months...""Woah, that much?" The green-eyed nodded. "I hadn't even realised, time passes too fast. Literally, there's only a month and something away for the end of the school year.""Time passes quickly," she sighed before her sight drifted throughout the place. "That's Katie Bell?""She came back two weeks ago, I think," Lhu answered turning her head to see the girl talk to Harry. "Potter has an obsession with wanting to mind everybody's business, seriously.""Yes, yes," Leevanna muttered distracted by looking at Draco, who had just arrived. "Hey, Lhu... I'll see you later, I have to talk to Draco," then she stood up quickly from the table when she saw the boy left the place nervously.She had practically run to catch him. She was out of breath because she didn't do much physical effort yet."He knows, Leevy, he knows it," he whispered breathing heavily. Both walked fast. Her small legs made her practically jump to keep him the pace."Breathe," she asked him by taking his hand and guiding him up the stairs. "Let's go to the bathroom, breathe."Draco let himself be guided by her while he accommodated his tie repeatedly feeling how the air began to fail him.Moaning Myrtle received them with a smile, which vanished when she saw the blond hyperventilate while Leevanna tried to calm him down."What happened?" The ghost asked worriedly."Do you remember my nervous breakdowns?" She answered her quickly by opening the water key to wet her hands and pass them through Draco's cheeks, Myrtle nodded. "Draco, look at me," she asked. "Breathe, my life.""I-I can't," he panted by pushing her to the side and supporting his hands on the sink."Take off your sweater and tie," she asked him by passing a hand through her forehead, she was also panicking. "It will help you."He obeyed her before taking a deep breath, feeling her hand rest above his."I don't — I don't want to kill..." murmured him nervous and anxious."I'm here, I'm here," she tried to calm his by taking his cheeks.His whole body was shaking. "I can't do it — I can't — it won't work... And unless I do it soon... He says he will kill you and mum..."And he began to cry."We are going to figure out something," she promised. "Now..." She gulped feeling a knot on her throat. "Wash your face," she asked him by cleaning her tears, he nodded turning to the sink and supporting his hands letting his tears fall.The Dark Lord was putting too much pressure on both of their shoulders. Leevanna almost had a heart attack when he told her that if she weren't so important in planning attack tactics she would probably already be dead by now.Draco no longer knew what to do to try to keep Leevanna safe and out of harm's way, the air was drifting away and never coming back with every breath. He knew that Voldemort could kill them if he wanted to. The snake-like men had also threatened him with killing his mum and sending the man to torture and hurt her.And, even though Draco knows that man doesn't exist and all was a cruel lie, he is afraid. Extremely afraid of what could happen.Leevanna sighed slowly feeling the tears running down her cheeks quickly. Panic was appropriating her body as well."Fuck," she murmured when she saw Harry.She had forgotten her wand on the Great Hall.Draco gasped and gulped and then, with a great shudder, looked up into the flu-cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at him over his shoulder."I know what you did, Malfoy," said Harry from the door. "You hexed her, didn't you?""Ha-Harry... It is not—" she tried to say with a trembling voice before Draco wheeled around, drawing his wand. Instinctively, Harry pulled out his own.Draco pushed her behind him covering her so that she wouldn't get hurt before throwing the first ray with his wand, then he took her hand pushing her behind the cubicles when Harry returned it.Malfoy's hex missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the wall beside him; Harry threw himself sideways, thought 'Levicorpus!' And flicked his wand, but Malfoy blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another—"No! No! Stop it!" Squealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice echoing loudly around the tiled room."Stop! STOP! Don't hurt him!" Leevanna begged as she saw both of them fight. If Draco got hurt...There was a loud bang and the bin behind Harry exploded; Harry attempted a Leg-Locker Curse that backfired off the wall behind Malfoy's ear and smashed the cistern beneath Moaning Myrtle, who screamed loudly; water poured everywhere."Crucio..." whispered Leevanna sliding on Draco's side. It was really the only thing she could think about at that moment, she couldn't think, being honest, she was angry and panicking. She was praying for Draco to hit something more than the other boy.She nodded quickly and nervous looking at the ground, he imitated her action.And Harry slipped as Malfoy, with his face contorted, cried: "Cru—""SECTUMSEMPRA!" Bellowed Harry waving his wand wildly.Everything you could hear for a few seconds was the water pouring.Blood spurted from Draco's chest as though he had been slashed with an invisible sword.He staggered backwards and collapsed onto the waterlogged floor with a great splash, his wand falling from his limp right hand.Leevanna's eyes opened as tears slipped on her cheeks.The fear possessed her body.And she didn't see Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy, she saw Nicholas Vaughan pointing at Alexy Douglas and killing him with the curse.She hadn't done anything.

Her brain returns to reality and she ran regardless of anything and knelt on the side of the blond taking his face between her hands. The water was making fun of her and making his pale skin be cold as the same land of winter."No, no, no," Leevanna gasped nervously while her hands shook. It could not be happening. "Draco... Draco..."And her brain begins to make her see the forest again. She can see the current reality of her mingling with the torture they had put her through almost a year ago. She can see the knife near the scene, but it is only Draco's wand. Her body is shaking. The larvae and crows are present. The darkness is greeting her with a hidden smile that shines as the sharp blade of a knife."No—" Harry gasped.And she doesn't hear his voice, she hears her father's saying how it is her fault. She doesn't know which reality or memory she is.She sees the woods. Sees the tea party. The bathroom. All at once.Slipping and staggering, Potter approached Draco, whose chest was now shining scarlet.Her brain doesn't let her rationalise and her inner magic can't be used for her to heal her lover. She has to close her eyes tightly various times feeling her inner magic escape her fingers like rain falling from the clouds. Potter's voice just made everything more arduous, she couldn't focus or think."SHUT UP!" Leevanna shouted at Potter by turning her head to look at him, then she returned to Draco. She hated Harry with all her heart at that moment. "You can't leave me... Draco... Draco, you can't leave me.""No — I didn't—""SHUT UP! SHUT THE FUCK UP, POTTER! SHUT THE FUCK UP ONCE IN YOUR FUCKING LIFE!"Harry didn't know what he or the girl were saying; he only stood next to them in shock listening to the girl's cry. He ran his fingers through his hair breathing heavily. "You — You didn't see me there laying in a fucking pool of blood thinking I had died!" "Draco... Draco, wake up," Leevanna begged desperately when she noticed that he had stopped breathing. "Draco, wake up!"Moaning Myrtle let out a deafening scream:"MURDER! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM! MURDER!"Severus Snape appeared at that time and, passing behind Harry, stood in front of Leevanna. He gave a quick glare to the boy, who began walking backwards to leave at that precise moment."No — he can't leave me," Leevanna told Snape while she cried. "DO SOMETHING!" She yelled at him with a trembling and scared voice while crying loudly. "He can't leave me... He can't leave me..." she whispered."Vulnera Sanentur," began to say Severus by gently pushing the girl. "Vulnera Sanentur," he continued like singing while the blood returned to the blond's body and the marks on his chest disappeared little by little and slowly. "Vulnera Sanentur."Leevanna's cry echoed in the room. ༄ Draco caressed Leevanna's back slowly making little spirals.June had arrived quickly.At least more than the other months.After Snape had healed Draco, he had begged Leevanna to get up so that he could take Draco to the hospital wing where they were going to examine him better. She had listened to him and get off the ground slowly while her tears fell her cheeks.In all that time she hadn't left the hospital, even though the blond had woke up a few hours later the accident.Their birthdays had no meaning and only the company of the other had been enough. The 12 of June, Aly's anniversary day, Leevanna had dreamed of the forest and her decomposing body watching her from the grass while the larvae and crows ate her. Draco had been there to calm her down and hug her tightly as she started shedding tears silently.In the middle of that month, Severus Snape had had to lock the girl in her room because she had attempted to use the same curse that Potter had used with Draco on Potter himself. She had appeared through the dining room doors in the middle of breakfast and pointed her wand at the boy while she said thousands of insults that she could come up with at that moment. "You!" she yelled entering the place catching everyone's gaze. "You bloody, fucking, filthy cock-sucking, motherfucking, arsehole, shitty tosser, wanker, imbecile, stupid, idiot, insufferable cunt!"

Her wand was pointed at Potter, who stood up trying to defend himself.

"You almost murmured him!" she yelled and the tears filled with anger started to escape her eyes. "AND ALL BECAUSE YOU FUCKING NEED TO FUCKING MIND EVERYONE'S FUCKING BUSINESS!"

Everyone was silent. She had never cried in front of others before.

"Ten sickles she Avada's him," whispered Theodore towards Lhu playfully. She hit his arm.

"I HATE YOU! I FUCKING HATE YOU!" Leevanna yelled and her wand threw several rays of light. "You evil, loathsome, filthy, fucking Half-blood cockroach cunt!" another ray of light left her wand and Potter, who hadn't grab his, couldn't respond and fell backwards when a ray hit him. "Fuck you! Sectum—"

"Enough," said Severus using Expelliarmus to disarm her. "Get out of here, Potter."

And the boy, scared and still in shock, nodded.

Severus took Leevanna's arm and wand to take her out as she fought for him to release her. She had been put to sleep with a potion after. Leevanna hated Harry Potter with all her soul for hurting the person she lived for an almost left her alone with the lunches with her sadness. Draco had made fun of her for two hours before she joined his laughs.In other notes, Leevanna had been helping Madam Pomfrey a lot in the hospital wing. The green-eyed usually was helping the healer with the patients that came through the doors claiming for help. She had done it before, previous years when she stayed most of her time trying to die. She really liked the idea of being a Healer. Her mind was focused on something else, so she didn't think about how terrified she was until the end of the day when a boy with pale hair left his book aside and wrapped her in his arms.Leevanna let out a sigh of her lips lifting the button on Draco's pyjamas with her nail.Both were usually silent, thinking about the things that had happened. But that day seemed extremely depressive and... terrifying.30th of June. They knew what was coming.That was the main problem of time passing fast."I have to do it today," murmured Draco."I know..." she sighed supporting her chin on his chest."I don't want you here, go to the manor—""And wait there with anxiety eating me while I wait for news knowing that you're far from me and not knowing if something happened to you?" She interrupted before resting her cheek on his chest again. "No thanks.""If something happens to you—""If something happens to me you will be there," she interrupted him again, he chuckled softly."Why are you so stubborn?""You fell in love with me being that way, you even married me, live with the consequences.""I'll live with the consequences."The light entering through the window behind them was orange, indicating that the moment was nearby."If we die—""How pessimistic you are.""Fine, I'll shut up," she said chuckling before supporting her chin on his chest again.She sat in bed and he imitated her action inviting her to sit on him, which she did."I really want to kiss you right now," he said."You don't have to say it, you have to do it, that's how it works you kno—"Then he kissed her.The ribbons and bows their lips are, meet like two old friends, hugging and pressing each other in the best possible way. Butterfly wings flutter and the sky doesn't seem so dull at the moment. The kiss is soft, loving, and threatens to break up at any second that wants to appear eternal."If we die... That was the best last kiss," he said."And I'm the pessimist?"He chuckled and nodded before leaving another superficial kiss over her lips. Both let half-hour pass in front of their eyes as they talk about Arithmancy formulas and how to resolve them.Ten minutes after that, Leevanna was the first to get up from the bed and search for her clothes to get change. Draco did the same and when the coat of his suit was placed, both looked at each other and started to walk.Leevanna held the vial in her hand tightly. She hoped it would be enough for the thing they wanted to do."Mate, what the fuck is Star Wars?" Asked Theodore Nott before pouring more Fire Whiskey on his glass."Star what?" Frowned Pansy. "Is that a book?""And you are asking me? I thought it was a drink at first," sighed Theo taking a seat on the black leather couch next to her. Pansy was over one of Blaise's legs who was seated on an armchair."And what is it then?" Asked Blaise taking the glass in Pansy's hand to take it to his mouth."It's a Muggle movie or something like that," Theo responded. "I'm not going to see it, I just wanted sex, not a chat about bright lights and a dark star or something.""Then stop shagging with the crazy ones," laughed Lhu arriving the common room from the hallway that leads to the girls' dormitories."Oi, Romeo and Juliet, hello," smiled Pansy towards the two who had just arrived."Hi, guys — er —" Leevanna breathed. "Can you — can you do us a favour?""Anything for my Ice Queen," chuckled Theo."Drink this," she said extending them the vial of Felix Felicis she had received from Slughorn. "All of you.""What is—""Felix Felicis," Pansy cut of Blaise with her gaze lost in the mini bottle made of glass before upping her eyes to look at Leevanna. "Is happening today."Leevanna nodded and handed the vial to Lhu."We would see you after," said the curly-haired towards her best friend. "It would be fine, you heard me? We'll be alright.""I know—" Leevanna's hands started trembling and she had to close her eyes and search for Draco's hand. "Just — take it — for anything that can happen.""Let the riot begin," said Theo before drinking what was left from the liquid luck Leevanna and Draco had decided not to take.Seeing their house-mates bow being protected had somehow calmed their nerves and anxiety a little. They would be fine. It was gonna be alright.Twenty minutes later, both were on their way to The Room of Requirement.The atmosphere was thick and the sky became darker as if Hogwarts was preparing itself for what was about to happen.Leevanna took Draco's hand tightly, he did the same.They didn't want this to happen, but they had no other option. No one had any other option.Draco let go of her hand and went to The Vanishing Cabinet to take out the thick blanket that covered it. Leevanna took out her wand breathing deep.Draco slowly turned back while both saw the cabinet handle spin slowly.Black smoke began to come out at the same time the doors opened.Leevanna took his hand and both left.She looked him in the eye when they were quite far from The Room of Requirement, he pressed their foreheads and nodded before kissing her forehead.Draco released her hand and walked without looking back, as she had asked him. Both knew they weren't going to achieve if both kept looking.Meanwhile, Harry Potter and Albus Dumbledore apparated at The Astronomy Tower."Hide yourself below, Harry," Albus asked the boy. "Whatever happens, it's imperative you stay below. Harry, do as I say. Trust me, "Harry looked at him in silence. "Trust me."Then Harry nodded and went down the stairs quickly in search of Snape, but then he saw someone else."Good evening, Draco," said the headmaster serenely. "What brings you here on this fine spring evening?"        Fine? FINE?! Nothing of this is fucking fine, you stupid fake Santa imbecile!"Who else is here? I heard you talking," the blond said approaching and pointing his wand."I often talk aloud to myself. I find it extraordinarily useful," continued the man, who was so calm that made Draco's nerves jolt up. "Have you always been to yourself, Draco?"Talk to himself? That would end up destroying him. He didn't do it, he had to stay strong for Leevy. He was doing everything to keep her safe. Whatever it took, no matter how much it destroyed him. Leevanna Vaughan was first, even over his own life."Draco, you are no assassin," Dumbledore said calmly."How do you know what I am? I've done things that would shock you," he replied, his eyes start burning. Things he had been forced to do because of the lie he had been leaving on for almost a year"Oh, like cursing Katie Bell and hoping that in return she would bear a cursed necklace to me? Like replacing a bottle of mead with one lace with poison?" The tears began to run down the blond's pale cheeks burning his cold skin. "Forgive me, Draco, I cannot help feel these actions are so weak that your... Heart can't really have been in."       Haven't notice, Santa! Ten points to bloody Gryffindor!"He trusts me. I was chosen," he said before showing that horrible mark with which he and Leevy had been marked.And he is pretty ashamed of it. He doesn't want that horrible thing on his skin anymore, nor on Leevanna's. The pain was too much. It was breathtaking and the air that was hitting his face didn't even enter his nostrils anymore."I shall make it easy for you.""Expelliarmus!""Very good. Very good," congratulates the old man. "You're not alone. There are others. How?" and he seems quite interested in it."The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room of Requirement," Draco says and rolls down his sleeve to not look at the mark anymore. "Leevanna and I've been mending it.""Let me guess, it has a sister," tried to guess the old man. His serene tone of voice was killing Draco's inside slowly."A twin," the blond corrects. "In Borgin and Burkes. They form a passage.""Ingenious," and he thought it was a compliment that he didn't know if he deserved. "There is little time, one way or another," said Dumbledore. "So let us discuss your options," he sighs. "Draco, years ago, I knew a boy who made all the wrong choices. Please let me help you.""My options!" he mocked sarcastically. "I haven't got any options!" Said Malfoy, and he was suddenly as white as Dumbledore. "I don't want your help, don't you understand?!" Draco is trembling. "I have to do this! I have to kill you!" and he makes a pause to try and take air. "... Or he is gonna kill me..." another pause. "I've got to do it! He will hurt and kill Leevanna! I can't live without her! My mother's life is at risk also!""I appreciate the difficulty of your position," said Dumbledore. "Why else do you think I haven't confronted you and the girl before now?" asks the man with the most obvious tone in the world. "Because I knew that you would've been murdered if Lord Voldemort realised that I suspected you."Draco winced at the sound of the name. He hates it. A lot. And hates more at the snake-like man who owns it."Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide you and Leevanna more completely than you can possibly imagine," he promised. "I can send members of the Order to your mother tonight to hide her likewise. When the time comes we can protect your father too... Come over to the right side, Draco... You are not a killer..."   "For Leevanna, I will," he mutters and his eyes keep raining.«And he realised that, for her, he would be anything.»The silent is the only thing that makes noise, accompanying the spring wind that doesn't match with the dark pieces of grey pieces of cotton that rose in the sky."Well, look what we have here," said Bellatrix arriving the place. "Well done, Draco.""Good evening, Bellatrix," greeted Dumbledore turning to look at her. "I think introductions are in order, don't you?""Love to, Albus, but I'm afraid we're on a bit of tight schedule. Do it!""He doesn't have the stomach," said Greyback. "Just like his father," and Draco's eyes close shut when he hears that phrase before opening them again to look at Dumbledore. "Let me finish him in my own way.""No!" Interrupted Bella. "The Dark Lord was clear the boy has to do it," she remarked. "This is your moment, Draco. Do it! Go on, Draco, now!"And Draco closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. His mind reproduced a happy memory.He and Leevanna were laid down on the grass of a forest in Canada, the blue sky mesmerising their gazes as they said what the cloud looked like. Her pretty laugh resonated in his head. Her eyes looked at him and she smiled. "If you don't kill the man..." began to say Voldemort sliding his large fingers across his wand. "I will personally kill her," and his red eyes penetrate Draco taking his breath away. Leevanna's pretty laugh resonates again in his head before her dark curls opaqued his vision of the sun when she sat on him and he caressed her cheek before kissing her.For Leevanna he would be anything.The wind was all you can hear for a couple of seconds.And Draco spoke.   "Avada Kedavra."And Dumbledore fell down The Astronomy Tower.After a few seconds, Draco opened his eyes again. At that moment Severus Snape arrived and looked at him for a couple of seconds before he rushed to get the blond out of there while Bellatrix raised her wand and yelled. The dark mark rose in the sky.Draco had really done it. He was a killer now.Leevanna appeared in front of them at the end of the stairs. Severus gave her a quick look and she moved behind him with Draco without saying anything.And she knows he had done it because he is holding his wand tightly.They walked through the tables of The Great Hall while Bellatrix jumped on one of them breaking everything at her path. Draco tightened Leevanna's hand and she tightened back while they saw the place being destroyed by the blond's aunt. Several memories passed through their minds and a tear fell down the cheek of the green-eyed.As they walked through the corridors, they saw how students and teachers defended themselves. Several teenagers looked down when they saw Leevanna and Draco, who tried to look straight ahead so as not to show weakness.Once they arrived at the forest, both let go of air on their lips.It was done. They had done it.They stopped in front of Hagrid's house and Leevanna's heart skipped a beat."Hagrid, hello?!" Bellatrix mocked before setting fire to the house and jumping from happiness."Snape, he trusted you!" Harry's scream caused most to turn their heads."Go on!" Severus told his goddaughter, she nodded and took Draco's hand to leave."Incarcerous!" bellows Harty pointing his wand before Severus blocked the spell lazily. "Fight back, you coward! Fight back!""No!" Snape said after Bellatrix cast a spell against the boy. "He belongs to the Dark Lord," she rolled her eyes and left.Snape began walking."Sectumsempra!"And he flicked his wand blocking the spell and sending Harry quite far."You dare use my own spells against me, Potter?" He asked him standing in front of him. "Yes, I'm the Half-Blood Prince."Severus left the boy on the ground and began his way with the others.It was done. Everything was done.And they are running.They don't know where they are.At some point, one of the Death Eaters guided them for that path and now they are lost. All the Forbidden Forest looks the same.And Leevanna is thinking about the woods. The darkness. The knife. She is expecting to open her eyes and realise she never left the woods. She is expecting to see all the dead bodies again.To see Draco's dead body again.And Draco is thinking about the deep and dark hole. The screams. The cries. The pleases. The blood. He is expecting to open his eyes and see the chains around his body again. He is expecting to open his eyes and see her and his mum again over that table.To see them being tortured.They keep running.The leaves crunching under their feet, the sound of the wind isn't even so strong, their agitated breathings and pants is the only thing they can hear.The other's hand is the only thing that lets them know they are not alone and still together. Not in their nightmares.They keep running."S-Stop," says Leevanna supporting both hands on her knees. She is still weak. She hasn't recovered fully."Leevy, we can't—" Draco approaches her and takes her hand again. "I need to keep you safe.""We are—" she breathes. "—in the middle of a fucking dark forest if you haven't realised," her tone is sarcastic and breathy. "So—" she sighs. "Very safe I don't think we are anyways."He rolled his eyes at her sarcasm. "I swear, I hate your brain sometimes.""Get in line," she laughs making him chuckle. Leevanna took a deep breath and both continued walking at a hasty pace.They needed o find the others because they don't know what the fuck to do. Nobody gave them instructions of what the hell they were supposed to do after Draco killed Dumbledore. They are lost. And wondering why Amycus Carrow said them they needed to go a different way to reunite with Severus.Severus wasn't anywhere. Everything surrounding them was still the same."Wait," Leevanna stops abruptly, and for consequence, Draco does it too. "Did you use the curse?"He gulps and nods. His head turns to look at her. "Why?""Something doesn't feel right about this," she says looking his eyes. "We are running in circles, why the fuck Severus would want that?"And both look at each other. "My Lord," says Severus. Leevanna and Draco were behind the door eavesdropping.

"Severus," responds the snake-like man.

"What happens if Draco doesn't fulfil his task?" his voice is calm as if he just asked what time is it.

"He'll die," and he replies as if he just gave Severus the hour.

And Voldemort finally turns to look at him. "She will join him." "You don't mean—""The Dark Lord didn't trust us, after my failure, I know it" Leevanna runs her fingers through her hair with exasperation. "I'm very sure he was being serious.""But I killed the man, for Fuck's sake," Draco does the same action his wife just did. As a mirror. "Why he would kill us?""And you are asking me?" she sighs. "I'm as lost as you are.""Fine, fine," Draco huffed before a growl left his lips between teeth. "Let's— Let's keep walking and see if we can find somebody," she nods and both continued their path.Currents travelling down their spines as bolts of lightning. The mark on their arms calling them, whispering it needs to be hurt again, that they need to scratch it, to make it bleed. It is infecting every sense, blurring their visions, plugging their ears. Dancing over their skins and burning their flesh.Both close their eyes for a moment but open them quickly. There was no time to think."Exactly how he would kill us?" asks Draco as he takes her waits to help her climb a thick branch that was in the way."I don't know," she huffs. "But they are definitely not waiting for us with fluffy teddy bears, that's for sure," he laughs."Have your wand ready for anything," he sighs and she nods before taking it out from her blazer at the same time he does.The leaves are still rustling, there is less on that side, but the sound is the only thing that keeps them alert. If the leaves are gone, the path becomes quieter, more terrifying, the beating of their hearts would intoxicate them in its resonant sound.The air is cold, and despite being summer, it doesn't feel like it is. The air seems to pierce their faces and bodies like thorns. Taking their breath away.Draco turns his head to look at Leevanna, who is constantly looking down to not stumble with something and fall. They are near the little and not so deep sky-blue lagoon, Draco can see the moonlight reflecting on it. Once their feet touch the stones beneath them, they stop."I think we can cross the lake walking," Draco sighs. "It would take less, or do—""Walking, I can face cold, Draco, I'm not a crystal," she says firmly and he rolls his eyes knowing that she says it because he has been very attentive and careful with her since — since the miscarriage."Fine, let's—"And he is abruptly cut off.They both recognize that presence. Or well, presences. There are several, they know. The air grows colder and now cuts them like swords.When thin layers of ice begin to form on the pool of water, Leevanna is the first to react and hold on to Draco's hand to start running as far as they can. Of course, The Dark Lord would like to make it more bloody theatrical. How ingenious, sending a bunch of fucking Dementors to suck their lives like fucking delicious noodles. Leevanna could hear his voice talking to Narcissa and trying to look like the victim. "We couldn't avoid it." "Motherfucker," growls Leevanna when the ice under them breaks and makes them fall."The bloody ice, the fucking Dementors or The Dark Lord?" both are searching their wands still on their knees."The fucking three," she huffs finally grabbing the piece of wood that she has had for years.And the light that the moon is giving them is overshadowed by the black cloud of Dementors that is above them. He's getting dangerously close. They both get up quickly. A Dementor slaps their side and Draco pushes Leevanna behind him before the creature attacks them.But there is more. Many more. And Leevanna's brain starts doing calculations. She hates her brain. She tries to lose focus and break the equations that have just been formed when two more Dementors pass near her. And both feel something is being sucked from their beings again and again.Leevanna is about to fall.Draco is about to do it too.It feels like a vacuum cleaner sucking dust all the way from a dark place, not missing a single particle of dirt that could cause damage. There is no time to breathe. The moment Draco can see normal him again he grips his wand tightly and raises it.        "Expecto Patronum!"And his yell makes a bright silver and sky-blue appear.But there are too many Dementors.       "Expecto Patronum!"And this time is Leevanna who yells.Both are there, standing on the middle of the freezing water and with the pieces of glass taunting with pierce their skins. "Because that's what I do! I love you!"

"I love you," he murmurs pressing their foreheads. Dragons. Two silver, sky-blue, bright, big and beautiful dragons. A Hungarian Horntail for him, and for her the precious Antipodean Opaleye. The most dangerous dragon of them all next to the most gorgeous of them.They are so big that you could see them from Hogwarts even. The light is so bright that makes their eyes close shut.The Dementors are being pushed away, becoming the slaves of wind and following it as leaves do with the autumn breeze. The moonlight is smiling at them again.The bright silver and sky-blue lights start becoming weaker, the dragons give their last flutter together before being completely extinguished and turning off their lights.Leevanna pants and falls on her knees in a breathless breathe. Draco falls next to her and now both are exhausted and laying on top of the water not caring at all if it wets them."I want the divorce," she laughs. "I'm not dealing with this shite anymore.""Who signs first?" he laughs.

 A small four-year-old Leevanna Vaughan pulled the robes of Severus Snape repeatedly."What?""Who is he?" The girl asked pointing a blond boy with her little finger. Severus looked at her confused before turning his gaze to where she was pointing. "The boy.""Oh, he's... Draco Malfoy," he told her by taking her waist and lifting her effortlessly. "Come, let's get you something to eat."༄"Mummy," said a small blond boy pulling his mother's skirt."What's wrong, Draco?" She asked sweetly."Who is she?" He asked seeing a white-haired girl being lifted by Severus."She's Leevanna Vaughan. She's Nicholas' daughter, do you remember him?" He nodded without taking his eyes off the girl.They were in a house that wasn't theirs, and the little boy found it curious to see someone else who seemed his age among all the elderly people there was.She was also very pretty.༄A four-year-old Leevanna chuckled.They were supposed to be playing hide-and-seek with Severus and she was under his robes.Severus rolled his eyes still walking across the living room with a little person that seemed a hill under the back of his robes."I swear, why did I accept this?" he whispered between teeth before opening a closet to see if the girl was there. Leevanna chuckled again before the man sighed and spoke: "Well, the little beast isn't here, I wonder—""Finally, I found you," said Neferet arriving the scene as she put on her heels."I'm in the middle of a ga—""You're going to stay, good," the woman sighed. "I'm going to France, Nicholas isn't here until next week.""But—""Goodbye," and the woman left the place.Severus turned when Leevanna came out of his robes."Oh, look at that, I found—""She didn't remember," muttered Leevanna and her eyes crystallised. "My birthday."Severus sighed and lifted her carefully."If I make appear a cherry cake and Luna, you don't cry?" he bargained as her tiny arms surrounded his neck and she nodded.༄Severus frowned confused."Don't you want me to shed the monsters in your closet?""Nope," replied a five-year-old Leevanna before sticking another flower in her notebook.He approached her. He had done it last week, why not now?"And... Why?""Because monsters aren't scary," she said raising her gaze, "what's scary is listening to Daddy and Mummy shouting. In fact, the monsters let me hide with them on Tuesday. They're my friends now.""Leev—""What's best? The gardenias or the lavenders?" She asked innocently putting both on the sheet. "Or maybe the fennels?"Severus looked at her for a second.She was so young.༄Severus frowned when he saw Neferet and Nicholas Vaughan at that auction, which looked more like a party. His confusion grew more by not seeing Leevanna with them, but if their house-elf, which seemed quite worried."Neferet, what are you doing here?" He asked once he had reached them."What are you doing here?" Nicholas responded before taking the liquor cup to his mouth."Where is Leevanna?" He asked again ignoring Nicholas, thing that bothered him a lot."She's not with you?" Neferet frowned."What the hell are you talking about?" Nicholas looked at his wife when he heard Snape's reaction. "How many days have they been outside, Maglor?" The elf seemed more useful at that time.Maglor looked at his master, who raised an eyebrow expectantly. "Fi-Five days, Master Severus.""You left your daughter alone for five days, Neferet?!" The woman was blank. "What the hell do you think she's eaten if the elf is with you?!" Severus passed a hand through his face. Nicholas didn't even seem affected by the situation."I... I thought...""Fuck's sake, with you two! At least do you know how old is she?!" Severus denied before taking out his wand and using Apparition. He didn't even wait for an answer."Six years old," Neferet whispered once the man had left."You said something?" Nicholas asked distracted seeing a girl in the distance. She denied.༄The green-eyed covered her ears with her hands before sighing. She hated places with a lot of noise and now her manor was one.There was a party down there, Leevanna though maybe in all the house. The laughs of drunk people resonated everywhere and almost four times people had collided with her closed door.She was hungry. Severus wasn't home and surely Maglor was being extremely occupied. Maybe she had something in her closet, so she stood up in search for biscuits.She gave a jump when her door was abruptly open. Unconsciously, she held her breath and didn't move a single inch from her position.Fear possessing her body.Who could be the person with such a big shadow that was behind the door of her closet?The hedor of alcohol entered the girl's nostrils and knew that, whoever that person was, was drunk or holding a drink.Suddenly the man was in front of her and slurring words Leevanna wasn't able to comprehend due to the state of horror she was in."Why you didn't want me, Neferet?" the man drawled before taking one of the girl's curls to caress it."I-I — I'm n-not Neferet," Leevanna was trembling. "I-I'm h-her daughter.""Always escaping me," said the man before letting a chuckle escape his lips followed by a hiccup. "Like in school."   "Help," Leevanna whispered feeling his hand sliding up her back.And she didn't know in what moment the man took her wrists and pin her down her bed. She had started crying because he was trying to kiss her.Nobody would listen to her, everyone was happy down stairs and certainly a child being sexual assaulted wouldn't mattered to them. She keeps crying, feeling the hand of the man entering her white nightgown and his fingers twirling against the skin of her inner thigh.The man kept trying to kiss her.She was six, she shouldn't be kissed yet.And she shouldn't be feeling fingers rubbing something that was so private. Shouldn't be feeling a thick a viscous liquid sliding down her thighs when he lowered his pants.She kept crying and drowning screams nobody would care to listen. She is scared. She misses Severus. Misses the only person who could save her.And when the man was about to enter his hand to her underwear, a ray of light made him get out of the bed.She couldn't move.So she starts counting numbers."Party over, time to leave," huffed a voice she didn't recognise quite well. The next thing that happens is that her door is closed and after 1862 seconds, she is finally able to sit downThe tears sliding down her pale cheeks and her eyes lost nowhere in particular.The next three hours base on Leevanna throwing the sheets through the window and changing them before grabbing her scissors and cutting the curl the man had touch. She had bathed three times and scrubbed every part of her body.She hates men.༄Leevanna stuck her head out of her door when she heard the front door of her manor being open. She thought it was her father.But her mummy doesn't laugh when he is at home. So it wasn't him.The green-eyed turned her head to the table when her tea set was. She needed more biscuits and Severus wasn't home.It would be fast, she wouldn't take long.She stepped out of her room with the plate in her hands and rushed to go down the stairs and reach the kitchen.And maybe she shouldn't have left her room.Neferet was over the kitchen island with a man between her thighs and her dress was very messy.Leevanna wasn't shocked for the view, she actually understood what they were doing,When the man stood up to kiss Neferet, his eyes caught Leevanna's."Your daughter," said the man while the white-haired woman continued kissing him."My what?" She said breathlessly before turning her head. "Merlin's sake," and she started to accommodate her dress before jumping down.Leevanna kept quiet as she saw her mother rush to take her by the arma and both get out of the kitchen"Don't say anything — less to your father," Neferet said once they were in the living room. "I'll buy you anything you want, just—""I don't care," Leevana said releasing herself from her mother's grip. "I want biscuits, that's all, you can continue having sex."And after muttering that, she returned to the kitchen to take out her food.༄Neferet was crying.Leevanna looked at her hidden behind the door from her parents' dorm. She was a bit scared. Her mum hadn't stop screaming for almost an hour. Severus wasn't home.But her mummy's lover yes."Neferet, I have to take you to a hospital," said the man trying to get her out of the bathtub."No!" the woman cried out before sobbing and clinging more to the white sheets she had between her arms. A big spot of blood was what caught Leevanna's attention."Neferet, your husband—""I don't care!" she cried again. "It's his fault!""Then for you daughter—""I DON'T CARE! She can go to hell!" she yelled hugging the sheets even more. The man wiped his own tears and kneeled to hug her as she cried.And Leevanna wondered why she was hugging sheets covered in blood and why the bathtub and the low part of her night gown was also covered with the scarlet drops of her mummy's being.A memory crossed Leevanna's mind, it had been a week ago. Neferet was seeing herself in the mirror of the living room as she murmured things Leevanna didn't understand. The woman had been happy and smiling. And she had been holding her belly, which was a bit bigger. Nefret had been also having a lot of migraines and Leevanna heard her throwing up a lot. Her lover was also going to the house very frequently.The blood-spotted sheets let her see the shape of what seemed to have the size of a doll.When Leevanna returned to her room seconds later, she saw a porcelain doll and decided to take it in her hands."Maybe you were a girl, like me," she whispered crawling over her bed to wrap herself in the comforter hugging the doll. "You were lucky though, that you weren't me."༄"I really despise you," she huffed."You never say hate, why?" asked the man chuckling and moving another pice on the chessboard."Because hate is a big word," she sighed. "I don't hate you, you're actually helpful.""Thanks...?""Don't be," she said after moving another piece. "My mum, what's wrong with her?""What do you mean?" the man, who had started playing chess with her a few weeks ago, frowned."She is usually happy when you're here," she sighed running her fingers through her hair, "but now she cries even if you come.""She isn't feeling pretty good these days," the man sighed before upping his gaze to look at her. "Are you worried?"Leevanna shrugged."I know she lost something, I'm not sure how it happened, maybe when father hit her, I don't know," she said. "Maybe instead of being here you should be hugging her.""She threw me out of the room," he chuckled."Who wouldn't?" and Leevanna smiled before lowering her gaze again. "What she lost, was also yours, right?The man nodded. "You're right.""Maybe you could brew her that tea she likes, the chamomile one," she sighed. "I heard her say is her favourite one."༄Leevanna opened the door of her parents' room slowly. Her mother's sobs were heard up to her room."Mummy?" She asked passing her gaze until she reached her mother. "Are you okay?""Merlin, Leevanna!" The woman responded angrily before standing up from the bed and walking to her. "Don't go into this room again!"The seven-year-old girl jumped when her mother closed the door forcefully.She had never entered and never would.༄Diagon Alley was too big.Even for a nine-year-old Leevanna.She closed her eyes when she crashed with someone's body."I'm sorry, I'm bloody stupid," she apologised before raising her gaze."No worries," giggled a girl. "Ugh, Merlin, how rude I am," she hit her forehead. "Hi! My name is Alyssa, but you can call me Aly.""Uh," she giggled. "Hi, my name is Leevanna."Can I call you Leev, it's that okay?" She nodded and both shook their hands. "Well, Leev. We are friends now."༄A nine-year-old Draco Malfoy stuck his head out the doors of the living room.Narcissa Malfoy was crying and holding pieces of paper. Severus Snape was in front of her. Draco's father hadn't been at home for almost two weeks now."Mummy?" called Draco entering the room and approaching his mother. Narcissa turned to look at him at extended her arms to hug him. "Where's dad?""He is—" her eyes shifted to Severus and the at her son again. "Travelling," said the woman wiping her tears and siting him over her lap. Draco nodded. "You know I love you, right?""Yeah, I do, too," said the blonde boy surrounding her neck to hug her."I will always be here to protect you, my love," whispered the woman letting out a sob from her lips that died against her son's clothes as she hugged him and closed her eyes.How she was supposed to explain him? How you say such a thing to a child, a one who loves his father? How you keep lying?Narcissa was lost.༄"The ladybug is not gonna hurt you, Alexy," laughed Aly seeing her friend's face."What if it bites me?" The scared boy responded."The ladybugs don't bite, you dumb," Leevanna shot her eyes taking the small insect out of his hand and putting it in hers."She is very badly humoured," Alexy whispered to Aly."Leev, Alexy says you're badly humoured," a redhead girl told her, Daniell."Dany!"Leevanna smiled."I'm not the one who's afraid of ladybugs," she said raising an eyebrow making others laugh."Touché," Alexy replied also laughing.༄Draco saw the weeks pass in front of his eyes like summer breeze. He huffed. Winter seemed to be even colder that year.And the toys over the carpet tried to keep the hope alive, wishing the blond boy who once laughed with them could go back to those times. He was seated on the window, embracing his knees and looking at the November snow cover all the garden with its white.He knew his father isn't travelling, he knew that very well. A travel doesn't last almost six months.Lucius hadn't been there for his birthday and neither for his mum's. Draco wondered where he was. Lucius had left them? Was that the reason why his mum cried so much?He didn't know.But he didn't trust his father anymore.Love didn't exist, Draco was very sure about that. Because if his father truly loved his mum, he wouldn't have left her and him alone.Draco is sure, love doesn't bring anything but suffering and tears. He doesn't want to feel it if he is going to cry like his mum does.The only thing he feels for his father is resentment.And he promises himself he wouldn't let anyone hurt his dear mum again. When he reached the majority of age, he would take her out of that house, very far away.Where he could see her laugh every day and bake lemon tartlets together while it rains.༄"Happy birthday, Mistress Leevanna," Maglor congratulated her. She cleaned her tears before nodding."Thank you, Maglor," she responded taking the small cherry cake she had made with Luna in hiding a few hours ago to turn off the floating candle."Miss Narcissa Malfoy sent this," said the elf handing her a music-ballerina box that she took carefully.She was alone, as always.Her parents hadn't even remembered her birthday and Severus hadn't been there since he was with a hateful boy named Draco. She didn't even know him, but he had taken away the only person who was always with her and that's why he was hateful."When Mum and father come back, Maglor?""They said they would come back in a week, Mistress Leevanna."She nodded.She would have a tea party.༄Draco scratched his eye with his wrist when he saw Severus Snape seeing from the window that gave to the forest at the back of the house."What are you thinking about?" The man made a small jump from the fright when he heard the child's voice."Merlin, Draco, what are you doing up at this time?" He asked seeing the huge clock in the room, half past one AM."You didn't answer my question," the boy said walking to him. Severus shot his eyes remembering Leevanna, but then sighed when he remembered that was her birthday."No matter to you," he replied. "Aren't you sick?" Draco nodded. "And what are you doing here? What are you doing without socks?""No matter to you," the blond boy replied the same way before shooting his eyes. Snape's gaze scared him. "I'm leaving."༄Narcissa was crying."Eat," said Severus. He was sitting in front of her, she kept crying."I-I don't—" she is struggling, the fork doesn't touch her mouth yet. She can't let it."Do you want Draco to see you like this?" the man asked frowning. Narcissa cried even more. "Do you want to leave your son alone? Do you want him to believe his mother doesn't love him too? Do you want that? Do you want to die because of this and leave him unprotected? That's what you want?""Stop yelling," Narcissa sobbed."I am not yelling," said Severus.Narcissa let the fork fall over the table when her hands covered her face. She keeps crying.And Draco is seeing her, hiding behind the door of the dinning room, where his mum and Severus have been for two hours.༄"How do you know so many things about the Muggle world?" Leevanna asked Aly curiously."I just know," she laughed before clinking their teacups. "I hate when Alexy and Leo end all the cookies," she sighed seeing the two kids."I'll bring more," laughed the green-eyed.A while later, everyone was playing a game that Dany had taught them, it was about tag people and froze them or something.Leevanna stood up from the grass laughing watching Leo pretend to be Aly and Aly pretended to be Leo.She turned her head on when she felt a gaze on her. Her smile was erased when she saw her mother, and then her father a few seconds later.In a blink, the innocent tea party had become a horrible hell.༄She is counting. Seconds. Numbers.       Minus three. One thousand nine hundred and fifty-one.       Minus five. One thousand nine hundred and forty-six.

       Minus seven. One thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine.She is crying in silent with her hands pressed against the wall as she feels the leather hit her skin over and over. She screams again. She can feel the blood sliding down her skin.       Minus nine. One thousand nine hundred and thirty.       Minus eleven. One thousand nine hundred and nineteen.

       Minus thirteen. One thousand nine hundred and six.༄"Always move the Queen at the end if you want to win," said the man moving his final piece.Leevanna frowned.   "What?""You are extremely good in this, you just need to know in what moment realise every moment for each piece," he sighed."Why would you tell me how to win?""Because this is our last game," he said upping his gaze to look at her. "I'm retuning to France and you are going to school.""It was a pleasure... A," she sighed moving her last piece. She didn't move the Queen."Why you didn't move the Queen?""Thought I should lose one more time to win all the next ones," she said looking up before smiling."Checkmate, Leevanna," the man smiled and she chuckled before he left her room.  ༄

—The Philosopher's Stone— "Draco Malfoy," called Minerva McGonagall holding a piece of parchment and with the other hand The Sorting Hat.Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"Leevanna rolled her eyes watching his arrogant smile."Leevanna Vaughan," professor's voice took her out of her thoughts a few moments later. The place remained silent and she gulped starting to walk.   "Vaughan? Those Vaughan?"   "I heard that they did horrible things."

   "That whole family is with the dark arts."        "My mum told me to keep away from her."Leevanna sighed sitting on the bench listening to the murmurs, she turned her head towards the Slytherin table where Lhu smiled enthusiastically."Ah! A Vaughan," the hat began. "Plenty of courage. A diamond mind and undoubtedly has the world at its feet. There's plenty of talent and the thirst for being superior is there..."Be what? What thing? Dominate the world? Leevanna just wanted to re-brew flower potions next to Luna and Aly."...But what do I see? Pure emotions," the hat continued. "Loyal and cunning, let it be... SLYTHERIN!"And seeing the whole table of her new family applaud enthusiastically, made her happy.༄Leevanna changed the page of her book while walking and made a jump when she crashed with someone. She huffed. She had to stop being so bloody clumsy.She looked up finding a girl. She frowned confused.

But if Aly..."Er — I'm sorry," the green-eyed ducked, also stirring up to collect the books."N-No problem, it was my fault," the girl apologised giving her her book and then leaving.Leevanna walked confused to the table where Lhu was waiting for her."Who is she?" She asked pointing out the girl with her finger."Who?" Lhu looked up quickly and turned to the direction her friend pointed out. "She is... Hermione Granger, Gryffindor, why?""I crashed her by chance and she ran out," the girl replied."Oh — It's just that... Well..." Lhu approached to her ear to whisper. "She's a Muggle-born," Leevanna turned to look at her without understanding. "Bloody hell, woman, your surname!""Oh — oh!" Lhu laughed when she saw the red cheeks from the green-eyed. She was brilliant but understanding simple things as emotions took her a lot of time.Leevanna guided her gaze to the Gryffindor girl, seeing her talk to a couple of boys of whom she didn't remember their names, but one was redheaded.Hermione had the same hair as Aly and also her eyes. She understood why she had thought she was Aly.༄"If you hadn't thrown a book at me, we wouldn't be here," said Draco. "It's your fault.""My fault?!" Leevanna pointed herself. "You push me out of my broomstick!""Shut it, both of you," Filch growled. "Now, go with Hagrid.""I hate it here," huffed Leevanna.༄"TROLL IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROLL IN THE DUNGEON!!" Yelled Professor Quirrell running through the tables. Everyone went silent. "Thought you ought to know..." ended before fainting.And everyone freaked out."Why are they screaming? The bedrooms are in the towers," Leevanna said, leaving her sweets on the side. Lhu stopped yelling and looked at her with a face of  'Are you bloody stupid?'Leevanna recalled that Slytherin's bedrooms were in the dungeons."Oh — OH!" She freaked out. "Lhu there's a troll!""Don't tell me!" She responded sarcastically.༄Draco huffed for the ninth time in the hour."If you saw her, Dobby!" He huffed again. "She's always with that smile and making sarcastic comments! She called me oxygenated! I don't know exactly what it means, but I know it's offensive 'cause—""Dobby got lost," the elf confessed moving another piece of chess. "We're talking about Mr Harry Potter or Miss Leevanna Vaughan?""Vaughan, Dobby, Vaughan," he replied huffing. "But then there's also Potter!"And that was the sixth time on the day Draco Malfoy complained about both, and it hadn't been two days since he had returned from Hogwarts for Christmas."Oh — Miss Leevanna Vaughan is coming for Christmas dinner," Dobby recalled thinking that he could see Maglor. "She's such a sweet girl—""What do you mean she's coming for Christmas?! AND SHE IS NOT SWEET!"༄"I don't want to!""Le—""I'm not going to an oxygenated's house!""A what?" Severus asked without being able to avoid laughing, but he clarified his throat quickly."Oxygenated!" Leevanna responded crossing her arms on her chest under the blankets of her bed. Her cheeks were red from anger."If you go, I'll buy you liquorice cherry wands," Snape persuaded her. She left her bed huffing."They're going to be many! Thousands!" She warned him entering her closet to look for the dress her mother had given her.༄"I love being a Slytherin," Lhu said when she saw the decorations, Leevanna nodded laughing."Not my favourite colour, but yes, being a Slytherin is bloody fantastic," she said before taking a tablespoon of food to her mouth."The best part is that we overcome all houses on our merit," Lhu added. "Even the Ravenclaws!"And a while later, Dumbledore began to talk."And finally: it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award ten points to Neville Longbottom!" He said.Then the colours of the flags changed and everyone began to celebrate."I hate being a Slytherin," Lhu huffed. 

—The Chamber of  Secrets— Draco Malfoy looked among the garden plants looking for more samples of insects. A small hobby he had when he was bored, which was most of the time.He was about to bring his hand to a plant when a voice that irritated him enough, scared him:"What are you doing?" She asked with a flower on her hands. He rolled his eyes putting both hands in his pockets."None of your business," he replied sighing, then frowned and turned his body towards her. "What are you doing at my house?""Lucius is going to take us to Diagon Alley," Leevanna replied placing the flower in her hair. "He says you to rush," and with that, she returned to the interior of the house.The blond avoided making a whim right there.༄Leevanna made a small jump when Lucius Malfoy hit Draco's hand with his cane."Don't touch anything, Draco," he told his son and he nodded."Yes, father."The green-eyed remained silent and let herself be guided by Lucius to the sideboard where a man received them.She looked back at Draco, who kept touching things, and wondered if the blow had hurt him.༄"Why don't you join the Quidditch team, Lhu?" She asked her best friend. "You're better than several over there.""Me? In Quidditch?" Lhu denied with her head. "I don't want to end up in the hospital every month, plus, have you seen how they play? They're going to leave me without arms," she felt chills down her back."What's Malfoy doing there?" Leevanna asked frowning when she saw the blond talk to Potter."It's the new Seeker," she replied."At least no one on the Gryffindor team has to buy they way in," said Hermione Granger. "They got it on pure talent."Leevanna frowned.When they had been to Diagon Alley, Draco had looked at Quidditch's uniforms with a glow in his eyes and every time there was a game and his father took him, he knew every movement and way of playing. She had also seen him play with others from Slytherin as a joke, and he knew what he was doing.Leevanna thought Granger was wrong."No one asked your opinion," Malfoy said with his eyes narrowed. "You filthy little Mudblood.""I hate that word," Lhu sighed. "I think we all are the same, what do you think?""Me?" Her cheeks blushed. "Forget who my parents are? No matter what I think, I have to stay away from them want or not."༄"Enemies of the heir beware?" Draco Malfoy said reading the wall, then he turned his gaze to Granger. "You'll be next, Mudbloods!""Stop using that word," Leevanna told him with his eyes narrowed, she was hand by hand with Lhu. The blond rolled his eyes."What's going on there? Go on, make way, make way. Potter— What are you...Mrs Norris? You've... 'urdered my cat," Filch said, everything turned their gaze to the boy."No. No," he tried to defend himself."Two sickles that he's going to throw himself at him," Malfoy bet."Three for him to corner him on the wall," Leevanna accepted."I'll kill ya... I'll kill ya!"And at that moment Albus Dumbledore appeared."I hate him," Draco huffed, Leevanna imitated his action.༄Snape ran to his goddaughter and took her by her arm checking her."Are you okay? Did someone do something to you? Did you see someone?""I'm fine. Nope. And... nope," she answered chuckling softly before he got down to her height to hug her. "He was like that when I found him, he's still alive, right professor McGonagall?" She asked referring to Colin Creevey."Yes, Leevy, he's alive," she smiled at her. "You know how long he's been like this?""Hum — I think 20 minutes since I found him and you came, but I don't know how long before I arrived," she responded taking Severus hand. Minerva nodded indicating that she could leave.When they arrived again at Slytherin's dungeons, Severus reviewed her again."I'm fine," she laughed and he rolled his eyes. "They're not going to take points off because I'm out of bed at this time?""I think we can make an exception, don't you think?" She nodded. Severus never took points from her.༄Leevanna bit her lower lip poking a little her head through her uncle's office door."You've been there for twenty minutes, what do you want?" He asked her while still writing.She walked to him with her hands behind her back."Happy birthday! I love you! Bye!" She said quickly, leaving a small canvass wrapped and a paper on his desk before running out.Severus frowned when he heard her say the second sentence, he denied his head hiding his smile and took the small paper to open it.'You are such a grumpy, uncle Severus, but I think this is gonna make you smile.

I painted it myself!

Thank you for always being there.

Love you always, Leevy.'Snape left the note on one side before starting to remove the paper that covered the canvass: Two people on the back, a white-haired girl and a black-haired man hand by hand walking through a garden full of lilies. The watercolour was made so delicately that it looked like a real landscape.  ༄

—The Prisoner of Azkaban— Leevanna raised her head when she heard voices on the first floor. She cleaned her hands with the small cloth she had and got up from her seat leaving her brushes on one side."Uncle Severus! Is that you?" She said excited going down the stairs. "I have a lot of things to tell you! You're not—" she stopped her steps seeing the people there. "Oh... You.""Vaughan," Draco said, seeing her for a moment. She had changed a lot physically.Her waist seemed smaller and her hips wider. She had grown a little and her facial features were much finer. The striped dress she wore highlighted certain parts of her body which the blond hadn't noticed before.Draco opened his mouth to say something, but she quickly diverted her gaze to the person behind him."Severus!" She said running along his side and going to hug the man. "Do you want to see my paintings? Please!" She begged him pulling his hand."Fine, let's go to see your paintings," he shot his eyes hiding his smile and letting himself be guided by the girl.Draco stood silent looking at them: she kept talking and talking.And curiously, that seemed to him... Sweet.༄"Since when we go to parties?" Asked Lhu brushing her hair."Since we need friends," Leevanna laughed. "At least you. You should be bored of me already.""Don't say that!" The curly-haired surrounded her in a one-sided hug. "I would never be bored with you, you're my only best friend. You're like my sister, dummy," she said before kissing the girl's cheek. "I love you."Leevanna smiled and blushed helplessly."You are like my sister too, Lhu."༄"Who are you looking at so much?"Leevanna passed the feather of her quill through her chin without taking the look of a blond boy not answering."Are you looking at Malfoy?" Lhu said."What? No!" Responded the green-eyed quickly before shaking her head. "I was seeing how much we've all physically changed.""Aha," Lhu laughed by looking at the blond. "Long hair fits him well, doesn't it?""Yeah..." Leevanna answered distracted seeing him laugh. Her best friend's laughter took her out of her trance. "Lhu!""You're all red!" She said while Leevanna hit her with her book attracting Draco's attention. "You are blushing!""I'm not!" Levanna screamed before Lhu pushed her repeatedly with her elbow laughing.༄"I'm not hungry," sighed Leevanna pushing the plate to cross her arms over the table and support her chin over them."I don't care," said Lhu pushing the plate with pasta to her. "I'm watching you.""But I—""Everything," Lhu's tone was firmly. "Eat."Leevanna huffed and took the silver fork by her side to pinch and twirl one of the large noodles. "You have to promise you will get better, Leevy." And Narcissa's voice resonated throughout her head making her close her eyes. She couldn't break her promise.So she took the fork with pasta to her mouth.༄And he found so defenceless to see her there soaked and full of tears. Draco sighed in the shower.He tried to convince himself that she had only hugged him because she was still in shock and scared.The problem was that he couldn't get her smell out of his head: liquorice cherry, old books, flowers and a strange perfume that smelled so good... He growled.When he was seeing her put his Quidditch robes a few moments later, he couldn't help but think that, damn, it fit her too well.Draco didn't dare to tell her that he hadn't been able to protect her from the Dementor as he was supposed to have done: with a Patronus. He just couldn't.༄"Professor Lupin," called Leevanna."Yes, Leev?"Both were in his classroom before she had seen him transform into a werewolf."Is it bad?""What thing?""That I didn't care that you could've kill me, like, I wasn't even scared.""That's because you had seen a lot of things that are scarier than a werewolf, Leev," he said giving her a piece of chocolate."My memories are scarier than a werewolf," she sighed before biting the sweet.༄"Come on, Malfoy!" laughed Leevanna."I'm not going to freaking skate on the freaking lake!""Ugh, you're a chicken," she laughed rolling her eyes before jumping and spinning gracefully. "See? Is easy!""I don't want to die!" he dramatised still trying to stand up."You're not going to die," she chuckled sliding through the ice until she reached him. "Take my hand," he rolled his eyes. "Do you trust me?""Fine," he huffed taking her hand and letting himself be guided by her until they reached the middle of everything. Then she let go of his hand. "Vaughan!"And her laugh was glorious, he couldn't help but smile too."Dance with me," she said smiling and taking his hand to make him spin.Draco thought that her rosy cheeks and nose were prettier than the whole landscape behind them.༄"You fancy him! Don't you?" asked Leevanna laughing."Shut up," said Lhu blushing."Well, I'm not very fan of Gryffindors, but— Ouch!" she said when her best friend throw a ball of paper at her."He's here! Sh!""Don't sh me!" she said throwing her the same ball. Lhu took her hand and both hide behind a shelf. They were in the Library."Is he looking?" Lhu asked while Leevanna took a few books out to see better."Fuck! Run! He's coming!" she whispered and both began to run until Leevanna crashed with a body. "Um— Sorry I'm so bloody stupid— Oh, it's you.""Vaughan," giggled Draco seeing her in the eye. "Something wrong Lhu?""Yes! You two can flirt or whatever later, he's coming!" she said before pulling Leevanna's wrist leaving the place.Draco frowned. He what?He wasn't flirting with... Leevanna.His cheeks blushed and he growled.༄He saw her there, crying. Lhu was hugging her while stroking her hair."I'm here, I'm here," the curly-haired whispered calming her friend.Draco's chest hurt.But he couldn't move.He wanted to go with her because he knew he could calm her.But he just couldn't move.He huffed closing his eyes and leaving the place.He shouldn't have said those things in the morning to her.༄"Shut up.""Shut me up."And he couldn't think about something else than took her cheeks roughly bringing their lips together.The hell he just did?!He laid down in his bed with his cheeks blushed.What. The Hell. He. Just. Did.He huffed with exasperation covering his face with his hands."You are such a bloody idiot, Draco Malfoy," he huffed.  ༄

—The Goblet of Fire— She sighed while a smile formed on her face.It was a pretty good morning.She stretched on the bed before standing up and going to her curtains to open them.The sun hit her face.She walked to the bathroom connected to her room and opened the water key of the shower.Her cheeks turned red when she remembered that kiss.Leevanna shook her head. She shouldn't be thinking about that.She went out of the shower after covering her body with a white towel and walked to the sink to brush her teeth.When she looked up, she covered her mouth to contain her scream.Her fingers danced through her hair while she saw the black strands of it in the mirror.It wasn't a pretty good morning anymore.༄Neferet Vaughan searched for her diaries all over her room. She sighed when she saw the trunk.Her eyes travelled all over the pages until she reached the one she was looking for."That's... That's not possible," she murmured before walking to the mirror to see herself in it.The black strand of hair was still there."Oh, Merlin... Severus was right."She put a hand on her forehead sighing. She felt so stupid.༄"But if it's the champion!" Laughed Leevanna approaching to Cedric Diggory."But if it's the I-know-everything!" he laughed taking her hand to walk."Awe, I know deep down you envy me," she said before leaving a kiss on his cheek."You have a big ego," he laughed."I've been told," she laughed too.༄"Kiss me..."And Draco thanked all the Gods and forces of the universe for that phrase.Her lips were cold and tasted like cherry.When both arrived at his room, he just couldn't resist more and kissed her again.His hands travelled all her tiny and fragile body, feeling her tender and smooth skin react at his touch.And when he looked at her in the eye before she fell asleep, he thought that her eyes were the most beautiful green he had ever seen.༄"How is that they never hurt her?" asked Lhu to Hagrid watching her friend."I know right?" he said. "That Hungarian Horntail seems to love her.""They are just misunderstood," sighed Leevanna.That dragon reminded her herself."And this baby is my child," she smiled.༄"Oh by the Gods! Just kiss already!" said Leevanna pushing both of their heads crashing their lips. "See? Easy.""This girl has attitude," said Lee before hitting fists with her seeing George and Lhu kiss innocently."The had kissed before, it wasn't so difficult," Fred shrugged giggling seeing his twin and Lhu's cheeks red."I'm going to take revenge, y'know?" said Lhu feeling George's hands surround her waist."Sweetie, you said that last year, I'm still waiting," Leevanna said crossing her arms on her chest smirking."Oh, so you want me to call Malfoy?" Leevanna put a hand on her mouth shutting her while her cheeks blushed."Malfoy, huh?" said the twins looking at each other."Fine! Fine! I'll shut up!" said Leevanna making everyone laugh.༄"Lhu," called her George Weasley before putting a flower in her hair."Yes?" she replied smiling.They were in The Great Hall."Be my date to The Yule Ball," he said giving her a tiny bracelet with their initials."You took your time, uh," she laughed."That's a yes or a no?""What do you think?" she raised an eyebrow before standing on tippy toes to kiss him."There are rooms, y'know?!" Lee and Fred yell passing by their side frightening both making them crash their foreheads instead of kissing."I hate you two sometimes," said George."Awe, I know you want to marry me," said Lee giving him his hand.༄"Hey, Draco!" called Lhu while Leevanna hid her face behind her book."What?""Leevanna says that you look dishy!""Oh my God," the girl whispered blushing. "I'm gonna kill you.""So, Leev, that's true?" and she jumped feeling Draco's voice in her ear."Maybe, maybe not," she said smirking before she kissed her.༄Leevanna caught the little bird Malfoy had sent her.'If you don't come here in this instant,  I'm gonna—She closed the note blushing when she saw the last word, then turned her head to him raising an eyebrow before standing up and going with him."You are a git, y'know?" she laughed sitting on his lap."Yeah, I've been told," he said laughing.  ༄

—The Order of the Phoenix— "Nicholas," Lucius greeted from a floor down."Lucius," the man greeted with a smile. "I thought you wouldn't manage to come.""And miss a game? Never," Lucius laughed. "Hi, Leevy.""Hi, Mr Malfoy," she greeted with a smile before he moved away with her father while Draco approached. "And you? Missed me?""Every fucking inch of you," he said before going up and taking her waist to kiss her.༄Draco smiled watching her move another chess piece. The Queen.She was glorious.They were in Vaughan Manor, but not in her room — she kept it closed —, but on the balcony of a beautiful room that both shared during their stay there. Both were sitting on a couch."Checkmate," she said biting her lower lip. She only wore his shirt and underwear."How is it that you always beat me?" He asked raising an eyebrow. He wore black sweatpants and was shirtless."Because..." she said pushing the board aside and crawling to sit on him. "The queen always wins."Draco took her by the waist attracting her to him while kissing her.༄"Narcissa," Lucius called, "can I take Leevy a moment?"The green-eyed dried her hands and smiled nodding before leaving a kiss on Cissy's cheek."It's good to have you here, Leevy," Lucius began while both walked through the garden. "Draco is the happiest.""Well, that's what I'm for," she chuckled gently. "I know Draco very well and I know that when he has something to tell me, he glances me every two seconds," she smiled. "And you do the same.""Watchful girl," he laughed softly. "But you're right," he sighed. "Leevy, you know what side your parents and I are, and the risks that entail.""I'm pretty on the lookout," she sighed."You two remind me Narcissa and I when we were young," he confessed. "I... Care about him, Leevy. He is my only son after all," he sighed. "Stay safe, Leevy, and enjoy what's left."༄"Leev, it was part of the job," Draco sighed."Oh yeah? And why the fuck she had to touch you like that? Was that part of the work too?" She said throwing a small pillow at him."I don't say anything when Jordan starts laughing and getting touchy with you.""And what does Lee have to do with this?!"He laughed sarcastically.It wasn't the first time the Gryffindor entered their fights."The way he looks at you, the way he always tries to get closer to you," he replied. "That's got to do!""Don't raise your voice at me!""Stop throwing things!""Maybe Pansy will behave," she barked, he rolled his eyes. "Go! Go with her! Go fucking make love to her if you want!""God Leevanna! Don't say that! I wouldn't touch anyone but you!"But she wanted to hurt him."Maybe I want someone else to touch me," she said without thinking. "Maybe Lee wants to fuck me! And maybe he would do it better!""You didn't say that...""Oh, yes I said that," she replied sarcastically. "Maybe I can go to his dorm now, what do you think? I can go and get naked and feel his hands on my body!""Leev, you — you don't—"   "Maybe I want it too!"And she shut up regretting everything instantly.She covered her mouth with her hand seeing his tears fell slowly down his cheeks."Draco... I—""Get out of the fucking room."༄Fred entered Lhu's dorm, Leevanna had been the one who let him enter to the Slytherin common room."Oi, you, Christmas cookie," the redhead called her from the door."What?" huffed Lhu from her bed as she wiped her tears. Fred frowned."Are you okay?" he asked closing the door and approaching her.Lhu denied with her head and let out a ragged sob from her lips before covering her face with her hands."George and I fought, stupid shit, that's all," she sighed raggedly and Fred hugged her."That bitch, I'm going to kill him.""He is your twin," she chuckled against his clothes."And you my best friend," and the word burned his throat. "Nobody hurts my best friend."Lhu sighed again closing her eyes. "Have I told you that I love you?" she smiled."Lots of times," he chuckled. "I... I love you, too, Lhu."And Fred is about to cry.༄"The rules for us say that we can't be near 6 inches of each other," she giggled once both left Umbridge office when she felt his hands around her waist from behind."Lucky you, then," he said in her ear making her blush while he tightened the grip on her hips."You are unbelievable, Malfoy."༄It was almost ten o'clock and Draco kept doing homework, so Leevanna was bored."You finish?" She asked standing up to jump in bed."You're going to fall, and no, I'm haven't finish yet," he replied without taking the gaze of his books. She stopped jumping, sat down to keep eating and snorted. "It's not my fault that they never leave your homework.""They left me homework," she replied. "Only that I finish it faster than you," she got up from bed taking a tablespoon of ice cream to her mouth and sat on the desk. "Now?"Draco glared her."No," he turned his gaze to his book again.It didn't pass two minutes when Leevanna asked again:"Now?""No."She huffed taking another spoon of ice cream to her mouth."Now?""No.""Now?""Merlin, Vaughan.""Now?""Yes," he huffed and she applauded making him chuckle. The green-eyed pushed all his things to the side and slid until she sat in front of him. He leaned his back on the chair looking at her. "You want me to carry you, don't you?" She nodded jumping from the desk leaving the ice cream on one side and sitting on him.༄"How many times is it normal to fuck in a week?" Asked Lhu.Lee chocked on his pumpkin juice. "Girl — Is 9 AM.""She is mad because yesterday I told her that she needs to stop falling asleep when I want to have sex," said George."I was high!""Well, let's fix this, this way," Fred said, leaving his glass on the side. "Malfoy, Leev, how many times do you fuck?"Both looked at each other."In a day? Or a week?" Draco responded."Now I feel like a virgin," George said.༄"Dress pants or skirt?" asked Leevanna showing Draco the clothes."I hate when you wear pants.""Why?" She pouted. "Last week you said that I looked hot.""Yeah, but I don't like your legs covered up.""You want me to go in underwear all the time?" she asked raising an eyebrow."Definitely not," he giggled. "Wear a skirt. Is going to be easy to remove it later," he said passing his gaze all over her body."Who says we're going to have sex today?" He raised an eyebrow. "The skirt will be."༄"Don't fucking disobey me," Draco huffed, tired of her behaviour. "Sit down.""Go to hell," she replied standing up but he took her arm forcefully. "Let. Me. Go.""Sit. Down.""Why is none of you trying to separate them?" Lee asked seeing how the girl slipped from the blond's grip before he grabbed her wrist."They're not getting hurt," George replied looking at them."Literally, I just saw that—""Look at how he grabs her," Lhu said. "His hand isn't pressing completely, literally it seems that both are caressing each other.""How did you see that? From my position, this screams violence.""You just have to watch them for a long time," Fred replied supporting his chin on Lhu's shoulder seeing Leevy sit on one of Draco's legs."They would never physically hurt the other."༄Leevanna smiled laying on the couch and supporting her head on her hand."You like it?" sighed Draco after he finished playing."I love it," she said still watching him. "What's the name?""It doesn't have one yet, is something new I'm working on," he said before standing up and play music in radio. "Want to dance?"She giggled nodding and taking his hand to stand up from the sofa."Since when we listen to Muggle music?" she asked chuckling when he spin her around before moving their bodies according to the music compass."Since I like it," he giggled softly before leaving a kiss on her neck and spin her around again.Whisper in my ear, baby

Words I want to hear

Tell me, tell me that you love me too༄"How do you know we talked to Draco?" Fred asked Lhu."Because otherwise, he wouldn't be laying on a wall reading a book quietly," she replied taking chocolate to her mouth."I still don't understand why they don't talk," George huffed watching Leevanna fight to open a package of biscuits."Their love is complicated," sighed Lhu. "They don't know how to express what they feel in the right way. Both are struggling and suffering thinking that the other doesn't love them."༄"They are going to kill me if they discover I did this," Fred sighed. "Well — Just Lee.""He hates me, doesn't he?" sighed Draco walking by his side."Something like that," answered Fred before turning to look at him. "But Lhu has him controlled.""Why are you doing this, Fred?" Draco frowned. "Why are you helping me if I hurt her?""Because you love her," said Fred. "And though you're an imbecile sometimes, you're my friend."Draco turned to look at him and smiled sideways. "You're my friend too, Fred."༄"She is not an animal, he can't possess her."Lee was mad because of what Lhu had said to him when he told her about his conversation with Draco."He knows that," huffed Lhu tired. "But he posses her—""She isn't an object either," said Lee for the second time. Lhu glared him."Lee, he knows that," she said. "He knows that she isn't an animal or an object, but she is his," Lee opened his mouth, "because," she hurried to say, "he is also hers. Both are each other's life, literally.""And why are they separated from the other then?""I can't answer you that because we don't know what happened," she sighed. "Never judge someone's love, Lee.""That's not love, is possession and is toxic.""Never judge someone's way of loving, especially not theirs."༄Fred Weasley fixed his eyes on Lhu seeing her laugh while she jumped on the grass next to George.        She is your twin's girlfriend.       But I want to kiss her.

       She is George's girlfriend!

       Fuck this, we're high and she's not gonna remember it.And Fred kissed Lhu... And she kissed him back.And the next morning they were naked next to George.  ༄

—The Half-Blood Prince— "You told me you didn't want to come to Kentucky," she laughed."Well, we are married now," he laughed too before lifting her bridal style."What now? You want to buy a house?"༄"This is from Peru," Leevanna pointed out the photograph."Nope, I'm sure it's France," he said entering his hands through her blouse caressing her belly."Oh, yes," she laughed."That's from when we went to Germany," he said attracting her more and kissing the back of her neck while looking at the photograph. "You know what? Fuck the pictures, I want you.""Fuck's sake," she whimpered giggling feeling his hand entering her underwear.༄Draco took her waist before she could fall, then chuckled softly."If I call you 'baby' right now, would you be mad?" He asked seeing her support a hand on the wall."You left me like this and now you're making fun of me?" She asked with a raised eyebrow before staggering."Yes," he said chuckling and taking her waist again, "baby.""You're going to carry me all down the stairs for that."༄Draco took Leevanna's wrist forcefully making her frown."What—""Shut the fuck up and walk."And she obeyed and let herself be guided by him through the hallways feeling his grip tightening every second.She made a small jump when he slammed the door of the abandoned bathroom locking it. Then he surrounded her neck pressing his rings against her skin to kiss her roughly.He pinned her against a sink sliding his hands for her thighs while she untied his robe, then he took off his sweater kissing her neck after."Bad day?" she groaned against his lips as he lifted her. He nodded unbuttoning her blouse abruptly.༄"Why you wouldn't die for me?" asked Draco."Because dying is too easy," replied Leevanna. "Living for someone, on the other hand, is giving your soul to someone you love, even if you don't have any reasons to live, you live for that person."༄She moaned softly."We're in a hallway," she giggled before he kissed her neck."So?" He said passing his hands all over her body. She shuddered feeling his cold hand travelling up her right thigh until he reached her underwear."Stop..." she sighed melting at his touch. "Draco...""Tell me a reason," he demanded blocking the girl's way with his hand while she sighed softly."They must — they must be looking for us," her voice broke in a moan while he surrounded her neck with one hand. The blond held her roughly pinning her more to the wall."And I don't care," he say in her ear. "If you are going to use that stupid bracelet then I can fuck you here.""Jealous, aren't we?" she whispered chuckling.Leevanna felt in the clouds as his fingers thrust deeper into her while his thumb rubbed her clit circularly and slowly."Surely you want me to stop?" He said dangerously tightening his grip on her neck while she let go a moan from her lips."N-No..." she gave up arching her back while he left kisses down her jawline. She turned her head quickly hearing a footstep. "Fuck, fuck, Draco.""What?" He said against her skin thrusting deeper making her moan softly."Lee — Lee saw us," she said as she could while he quickly took his fingers out and looked through the hallway."Shit," he said seeing the others coming. She gasped adjusting her uniform. "It doesn't end here, for your knowledge.""I hope not," she said playfully seeing him took his fingers to his mouth sucking them."Sweet, sweet," he said looking at her while she blushed denying with her head.༄Both were sitting in the bathtub, he with his forehead on her shoulder while she caressed his hair."I'm here," she whispered.Draco had had a panic attack a while ago and she had decided to fill the bathtub a bit and sit there until the water became cold.They had been there for an hour."I will always be here, my life," she whispered to him again.༄"No, no, don't," huffed Leevanna with her arm over her eyes. "Don't open them.""You want to eat something?" sighed Draco sitting on the bed again seeing her deny. "You want me to lay with you?" and this time she nodded.༄And Leevanna started sobbing."I told you, you shouldn't have drunk so much Vodka," chuckled Draco seeing her take off her middle finger."Fuck you, Draco Malfoy," she said before the retching started again."Leevy, Leevy, what I'm going to do with you?" he sighed holding her hair before sitting on the floor and she supported her back on his chest. "Well — I'm not going to let you drink Vodka again, that's for sure."And Leevanna laughed.༄He couldn't be there.He couldn't see her so scared and defenceless because of his fault.When he arrived at Hogwarts, he didn't go to their room, he knew she would be there and he just couldn't look at her.He supported his hands on the sink feeling the tears fall down his cheeks uncontrollably.The anger he felt made him punch the mirror."Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" he shouted crashing his palms with the sink repeatedly before passing a hand through his hair breathing deeply.He fell on the floor embracing his knees with his arms still crying.༄Draco woke up not feeling her in the bed.He scratched his eye seeing the light of the bathroom on. Then his eyes fixed on her, she was holding her belly trying to clean up her legs.Symptoms after an early miscarriage:

•Period-like bleeding for nine or ten days.He stood up from the bed and approached her. She was so tiny and fragile."It hurts," she whispered crying. She was sitting on the toilet cover. He ducked to her height.•Mild cramping for a few days."It's okay," he said taking the wet towel out of her hands. "I'm going to do it, okay?" she nodded wiping her tears unsuccessfully.Draco began to pass the fabric for her inner thigh slowly, wiping the blood away of her skin.༄"Draco," she whispered pushing his arm gently.It was 2 in the morning."Draco, wake up," she whispered again and he woke up immediately."What's wrong?" he asked sitting on bed seeing her hold her belly. "Leev?""Is moving," she whispered while her eyes filled with tears. "It's moving."And Draco didn't know how to tell her... Again.He took air deeply controlling his tears and passed an arm through her shoulders pulling her closer supporting his chin on her head."Yes, Leevy, is moving," he whispered hearing her cry while stroking her hair gently.༄"What are you doing there?"Draco opened his eyes when he heard Lhu's voice. He looked at her and then at Leevy, who was sleeping peacefully on his chest with his arms surrounding her carefully, like a baby.Both were in the bathtub with their clothes floating in the water."She had fever," he sighed in a low tone passing his index finger and thumb for his eyelids leaning his head on the wall again."How many hours have you been there?" she asked putting some things in order, their bathroom and dorm was a disaster. He shrugged stroking Leevanna's hair softly.He was living for both of them right now.༄

  The bloody headaches just don't fucking stop and nor does the fucking nausea.

  I hate it here. At least the chamomile tea helps, that's extremely good.

  I have another discovery about my hair.

  Lately, it's becoming completely black, and I decided to do a small experiment.

  I cut a strand of hair and ended up in the hospital since I was near bleeding to death in my room.

  I think my hair is connected to my baby, which means she's a girl. I guess a is Salem witch thing. I like the name Leevanna, what do you think? Leevanna held her belly gently."I'm so sorry."༄"You can't sleep there all the time, Leev," Severus told her while she took some clothes out of the drawers.Two weeks had passed after the incident with Draco and Potter in the bathroom."I can't sleep if he isn't with me, and he can't either," she responded sighing before approaching and giving him a surprising hug. "I just want this to end.""I know... I know," he answered caressing her hair.༄"You believe in the next lives, right?""If I'd be with you, yes," he replied stroking her hair gently."In our next life you would be the boss of a big and famous company and I would be a painter or a writer.""We would have the same names, it would be easier.""We also be Muggles, I had enough of the sides and everything, we need peace.""Agree," he sighed. "When we first met in our other life, you should wear a black dress, I will now is you.""And you should wear that long black blazer that I love," she said supporting her chin on his chest. "Pinky Promise.""You believe in that?" he laughed."And in Santa, too, now shut up and pinky swear it to me," he laughed again and entangled his pinky with hers.

And, well, having a person levitating in a dining room isn't very normal.The twenty-six people in the dining room had been watching Charity Burbage, who seemed asleep or unconscious, for twenty minutes, without making the slightest noise.Only the wood, which was creaking when it burned with fire, could be heard.       Twenty minus negative fifteen plus negative thirteen minus negative six is twenty-eight.And Leevanna Vaughan was counting numbers and doing formulas to prevent having a collapse right in front of everyone.       Twenty-eight minus ten is eighteen, we count that backwards and we have negative ten, we add that to the twenty-eight and we have eighteen again. And eighteen minus eighteen is zero.She didn't even know if the formula was correct, she was doing the first thing that came to her mind. The formulas weren't even finished, she just rested the numbers until she obtained zero with each of them. She didn't even care though, at least she was keeping her mind occupied on something. Even if she was doing it wrong.The things just kept getting worse every single second the bloody clock decided to mark.Leevanna hates clocks now.They despaired her. The fucking sound it makes every time one of the fucking hands move get her out of her senses.Leevanna turned her head slowly when she heard footsteps from the stairs, everyone imitated her action."Severus," Voldemort said. "I was beginning to worry you had lost your way. Here," he said pointing a place to his right, "we've saved you a seat."Severus approached the table without making noise, nor without taking away his gaze of his goddaughter. Leevanna tried to smile, but she couldn't. His chest contracted by seeing the dry tears on her cheeks and how her hands trembled under the table."You bring news, I trust?" The snake-like man asked."It will happen Saturday next," Snape responded immediately, "at nightfall.""I've heard differently, my Lord," Yaxley interrupted. "Dawlish, the Auror, has let slip that the Potter boy... Will not be moved until the 30th of this month," he continued when he saw that Voldemort did not speak. "The day before he turns 17.""This is a false trail," Severus interrupted immediately. "The Auror Office no longer plays any part in the protection of Harry Potter," he continued. "Those closest to him believe we have infiltrated the Ministry.""Well, they got that right, haven't they?" Mocked a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley; he gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the table. Voldemort didn't laugh.Leevanna closed her eyes yet again trying to avoid laughing. The joke had been good, she couldn't deny it, but if she laughed then she would start crying. She didn't want to cry."What do you say, Pius?" Voldemort spoke looking at the politician."One hears many things, my Lord," the man answered after looking at the snake on his side. "Whether the truth is among them is not clear.""Heh," mocked Voldemort. "Spoken like a true politician. You will, I think, prove most useful, Pius," ended with a twisted smile. "Where will he be taken, the boy?""To a safe house. Most likely the home of someone in the Order," responded Snape. "I'm told it's been given every manner of protection possible," he adds. "Once there, it will be impractical to attack him.""Leevanna," says Voldemort turning his head to look at her.        Fuck, fuck... Okay, okay, no panic, act normal."Yes, my Lord?" And she doesn't know how she isn't stuttering. Anyway, she clarified her throat.In her mind, millions of mini Leevannas are running from one place to another with their heads in flames as they scream. It is extremely hilarious and she can't laugh."Strategy to attack them."Leevanna is about to have a nervous collapse, but she doesn't reflect that. The only thing that could maybe give a hint would be her dry small tears and trembling hands, but no one is paying attention to her until now.So she thinks. It doesn't take long."If they want to protect Potter, t-they," she clarified her throat again and in her mind, she hits her forehead with her hand for stuttering. "They would be travelling by two because it's safe for them to use a flying car."She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes. Is closing her eyes so many times that she's thinking about just keep them like that for the rest of the meeting."The highest probability is that the boy is travelling with the strongest member," she continues. "If you want to attack him personally, you should knock down his companions first t-to have an advantage."She feels guilty.Feels pretty guilty. She had been with the Order as well giving them advice to prevent chaos at headquarters. She had even heard some of their plans and promised not to talk about it with anyone else and now she was giving Voldemort advice on how to attack them.She feels double-sided.        It must be being a Gemini.And she hates her brain."How many we need to attack them?" asks Voldemort with interest in her. His red eyes penetrating every part of her and burning her skin. It is horrible. "He is using you because you're good with numbers, that is the only thing why he hasn't kill you yet," said Severus. "He's interested in the ways you play, the tactics, so don't even think about asking him mercy." She starts counting.As she had done all her life.The Order count with more than 20 members — or so she had been told —, but if they were planning to rescue someone it wasn't likely to send them all. It would be too risky and pretty stupid from their part and the Order wasn't stupid, they'd had Leevanna as their guide too and a lot of good ones too. So she rested Molly, Ginny and some others that the Order would want to protect and keep out of danger.She opened her eyes."They should be, I reckon, no more than fifteen members rescuing the boy, but I'm not so sure if they're counting with any more help," she is holding her breath. "To be prepared, my Lord, you should use three or five more people to have resources in case some of us dies or is attacked."Voldemort smiles. "Ha. I love her brain," and that's the first time he lets a low chuckle escape his mouth. "You should be proud of your wife, Draco.""Of course, my Lord," responds the blond. "Very.""Ahem," Bellatrix interrupted. "My Lord, I'd like to volunteer myself for this task," she says. "I want to kill the boy.""Wormtail!" They all turned their heads toward the aforementioned one. "Have I not spoken to you about keeping our guest quiet?""Yes, m-my Lord," gasped Wormtail. "Right away, my Lord!"Leevanna looked for Draco's hand, which was on her thigh, under the table. He held her tightly and she breathed quietly again.

"As inspiring as I find your bloodlust, Bellatrix... I must be the one to kill Harry Potter," Voldemort said looking at the witch, who shrugged in her seat nodding. "But I face an unfortunate complication," he continued standing up from the table. "That my wand and Potter's share the same core. They are, in some ways, twins."Draco felt the need to sit Leevanna on one of his legs until she calmed her breath, but he couldn't and that made him feel useless. He couldn't do anything but tighten her hand and breathe deeply so as not to panic too."We can wound, but not fatally harm one another," he said leaving his wand on the table and starting to walk.Leevanna closed her eyes when she felt his long nails through the wood of her chair and then on a strand of her black hair. She was about to pass out.       Act normal, you little cunt, this is not the time, says the voice of her conscience."If I am to kill him... I must do it with another's wand," the faces around him displayed nothing but shock; he might have announced that he wanted to borrow one of their precious arms. "Let's see... Lucius, I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore."Lucius Malfoy looked up. His skin appeared yellowish and waxy in the firelight, and his eyes were sunken and shadowed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse."My Lord?""My Lord?" Voldemort mocked his voice. "Your wand, Lucius," he says with obviousness. "I require your wand.""I..." Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, her long blonde and black hair hanging down her back, but beneath the table, her slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. At her touch, Lucius took her wand out of her cane and passed it along to Voldemort, who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it closely."Do I detect elm?" He said before breaking the handle."Yes, my Lord.""And the core?""Dragon — ahem," he makes a small pause. "Dragon heartstring, my Lord," continues Lucius after clarifying his throat."Dragon heartstring.""Mm," the blond man nods.Leevanna thought that all the Malfoy's, including herself, were afraid. And it is true.Draco and she had drastically changed their opinion about being Death Eaters in the course of last year and the first one was still traumatised for killing somebody. Lucius had just left Azkaban and had lost all the power he once had over everything, even in his own house. Narcissa, for her part, was with her nerves at the edge knowing that her family could die if they failed in another task.Even though Draco had had the courage to kill someone, his family is practically under house arrest. They still are treated horribly, and that, along with the assignment to kill Dumbledore, is what made Leevanna and Draco talk for hours. They realised that being with the Dark Lord is more than wrong. They don't want to feel like prisoners or have to bow a 'master'.Leevanna knew that one of the reasons Draco had succeeded in killing Dumbledore was because he had been under duress that the Dark Lord had placed over his shoulders threatening him with torture or simply kill Leevanna in front of his eyes if he didn't succeeded in his — how he had said — simple task. But the green-eyed knew the guilt was gnawing at him even though he had done it to protect her. She knows he is sick with grief but he is trying to put on a brave face.She is doing the same.After the little trap that had been set for them in the Forbidden Forest since Voldemort hadn't had believed them capable, they had both laid in the pool of water for about an hour and a half. They had seen the stars and the moon with no rush after laughing until they were out of breath. It had been quite fun for both of them.When they decided it was time to start looking for Severus, they used spells to dry his clothes and start walking through the forest. At the finals, they had used Unsupported Flight because they were bored and tired of walking.Upon arriving at Malfoy Manor still cracking a joke or two, Narcissa had let out a gasp of relief and even let escape tears. Most of the Death Eaters had been in the dining room with Severus when Draco and Leevanna had entered the room. Voldemort had nodded before extending his hand indicating their earned seats quite close next to him.Severus, after the meeting that had been more a kind of celebration, had been in charge to check Leevanna everywhere if she had any wound or scratch and then he had hugged her tightly and apologised while Narcissa did it with Draco.Though it hadn't been Severus fault because he hadn't even had knowledge of what were Voldemort's plans with the two. Less had it been Narcissa's."Do you recognise our guest, Severus?" Asked Voldemort getting the girl out of her thoughts.Snape raised his eyes to the upside-down face. All of the Death Eaters were looking up at the captive now, as though they had been given permission to show curiosity. As she revolved to face the firelight, the woman said in a cracked and terrified voice: "Severus! Help me!"Leevanna closed her eyes again."Ah, yes," said Snape as the prisoner turned slowly away again."And you, Draco?" Asked Voldemort. Draco shook his head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he seemed unable to look at her anymore. "Leevanna?" She nodded jerkily. "But you would not have taken her classes," said Voldemort.And a tear ran down the cheek of the green-eyed, quickly removing her gaze from the woman. Draco and Leevanna had had classes with her, rarely and in hiding, but they had. "Blood... Is blood... Is the same..." muttered Draco lost in the pages of the book. "I think..."

He was starting to understand.

"But... If he hurts her again?!" Leevanna was starting to hyperventilate. "He— If I—" she was biting her finger's skin so hard that it started bleeding. "If he discovers that I— That I think..."

"Leev," said the woman holding her cheeks with her hands gently and smiling. "He is dead, he won't hurt her again."

"Are you sure?" the tears started falling. "He would — he would hurt me..."

"Nobody is going to hurt you," the woman smiled again looking into her eyes. That girl was so traumatised. "Nobody would, you trust me?" Leevanna nodded trembling.

"Nobody...?" she asked again whispering.

"Nobody," said Draco this time approaching the girl to hug her tightly. "I won't let them." Leevanna knew that her former teacher would never mention their names in front of Voldemort to ask for a bit of mercy just like she was doing with Severus. She had personally told Charity the things the Dark Lord could do to them if he discovered that little secret between her, Draco, and the professor.And Leevanna felt so guilty. She hadn't known until a few days ago that Death Eaters had captured Charity out of nowhere for Salazar knew what."For those of you who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," Voldemort continues talking. "Her speciality was Muggle Studies."There were small noises of comprehension around the table. A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth cackled."And you... Professor Burbage taught the children of witches and wizards all about Muggles... How they are not so different from us..." Continued Voldemort. "To her, the mixture of magical and Muggle blood is not an abomination... But something to be encouraged."Leovanna bit her tongue until the spicy metallic taste left her mouth to keep from yelling the snake-like man was an evil cunt that only said cruel lies. She agreed with Charity, she had helped change her mind. She had helped her come out of the lie in some way or another.One of the Death Eaters spat on the floor. Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape again."Severus... Please... We're friends!" The woman pleaded.Snape looked back at her, quite impassive, as she turned slowly away from him again.Voldemort smiled.   "Avada Kedavra!"The flash of green light illuminated every corner of the room. Charity fell, with a resounding crash, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of the Death Eaters leapt back in their chairs. Leevanna's tears began to run silently at the same time she fell from her chair just like Draco."Nagini... Dinner." "It's not the same thing!" said Draco passing his hands through his face.

"It is..." muttered Leevanna biting the skin of her finger. She changed the page of the book. "Or maybe not..."

"Why it would be the same thing, Leev?" asked Charity gently. The girl lifted her gaze from the book. "What's the difference between both wars?"

"One had wands..." muttered the girl. "But... All of them were persons..." she lowered her gaze again. "They deserved the same rights... I think... I— I don't... I don't know."

"Why it wouldn't be the same thing, Draco?" asked Charity making the boy lift his gaze too.

"Because..." He tried to say. "It — it's not—" he breathed trying to hold his gaze. "I don't fucking know."

The voice of his father was more distant.

He was still a bit confused.

"You think Leev's friend, Aly, deserved what happened to her?"

"She was a little girl, of course not," and he didn't think twice. "That was un-human."

"And why other Muggle-borns would deserve it?"

And he didn't know what to say.

"They... Don't?" he whispered feeling the confusion growing in his body again.

"Exactly," she smiled. "Let's put this way: would you love Leevanna the way you do if she wasn't a Pureblood? What would have happened if she had been a Muggle-born or a Muggle?"

The blond lifted his gaze at the same time as the girl, she still bit her finger's skin.

He wondered for a few seconds.

"I... I would love her..." he said lost in her green eyes. "I would love her the same."

And that's all the professor needed to hear. "Don't go in there," he holds her arm."Draco," she sighs, "I have to.""Leev, that fucking serpent is going to kill you one of this days," he huffed running his hands through his hair with exasperation.Leevanna looked at the big doors in front of her. She was going to be late for the meeting and everyone would question her authority there. More than they already did.The green-eyed, ten minutes after the meeting in the dining room of Malfoy Manor, had been called to see The Dark Lord and a few more Death Eaters who were in charge of the attack they would perform when the Order tried to rescue Harry Potter.Voldemort loves the way Leevanna's brain worked. The tactics that she thought of in a matter of seconds. And, after the successful infestation to Hogwarts weeks ago, he was willing to put her on prove and see if she could be useful for the war. Leevanna had accepted the offer. With guilt and not because she had another option anyway. Both had had a bargain. He wouldn't hurt the Malfoys if she did what he indicated, that is, discuss strategies for war and attempts to find Potter."Leevanna, he tried to kill us," Draco huffed. "Can you please—""Do you want to be tortured?" she cut him off. "Do you want to be treated like scum in your own house? No, right?" he opened his mouth to talk but she interrupted him again. "If I do this, you, Cissy and Lucius would be safe, you understand that?"She needs to protect her family. She doesn't have another one if they die. She couldn't let them be hurt. She needs to do this.Draco, still grabbing his wrist with his left hand, slid the other up his face."Fuck's sake, Leevanna," he growled. "I do not care if I am treated like scum in my own house, yeah? I need to keep you away from all this.""I think is too late for that, don't you think?" she smiled sarcastically before rolling up her sleeve and showing him The Dark Mark. "So, let go of me because I don't want to fight and if you don't want my protection, then I'm going to protect Narcissa."Draco's eyes shifted to the doors and then to her again.His hand let go of her wrist.He knew she would do it anyway even if she had to drag him with her to that room."Fine, fucking go in there," he huffed."Thank you," she sighed. "I'll see—""Whatever," and he started walking towards the living room, far away from her.She rolled her eyes for his childish behaviour and took a deep breath before opening the doors.She needs to do this.She knows it."My Lord," she says entering the room, "you called for my presence?""Ah, yes," responds Voldemort turning his body to look at her. "Do your thing."She sighs and nods before waving her wand making appear a kind of map in third dimension of Private Drive and London in general."Like I said before, none of us is completely safe, we would be attacked too," she begins, "but I've been told you already discussed to use broomsticks, so I would say you need to have a formation, a triangle would be the best.""Two or one?" asks a Death Eater Leevanna doesn't care to recognise."I would say two, then you can disperse to attack the pairs if you want it that way," she says. "But after that, you need to go back to the formations, in that way you're protected if you are attacked."She raises her gaze and finds that is Rodolphus Lestrange who had asked.Everyone in the room has their eyes on her, looking how she makes appear kinds of holograms that represent the fifteen people on the broomsticks."Due to Potter is underage, he still has the tracer, so they would definitely just use flying and undetectable ways of transport," she continues. "The Potter boy would be with the strongest members as I said before.""And who, according to you," says the voice of Corban Yaxley, "would be those members."She knows he is internally questioning everything she's saying and proposing to them as a strategy and judging the Dark Lord's sanity. Even she herself is questioning."Shacklebolt and Moody," she answers. "You should attack them most fervently at first.""And if they aren't?" Yaxley raises an eyebrow and supports his back on the chair's respaldar crossing his arms over his chest."Then, knowing Potter," she says raising her chin, "he would use the magic of the rainbow and friendship to protect the rest of the Care Bears using his wand and, if your brain keeps working by that point, you would know where he is."      Ha! In you face! Celebrates the voice of her conscience when she sees him clench his jaw when his lord doesn't say anything at her sarcasm."Can we attack them directly?" asks Voldemort instead, his gaze is lost in the fireplace.And Leevanna thinks that is pretty stupid to trust a child to plan strategies, but yet Lord Voldemort is everything but stupid.She knows that he has to have something in mind that worries him more than a simple attack on a boy that makes the task of purifying the Wizarding race by killing Muggles, Muggle-borns, and blood traitors, conquer wizarding Great Britain and achieve a global dictatorship under a magical regime impossible. And she knows that she should distrust him because she does not believe that this supposed devotion that the Dark Lord has for her brain will last very long.She knows she is replaceable."I suggest you wait for them to be already half-way and very high in the sky," she says. "Confound them with fake lightings would be a good idea, then, when they think it's just a storm, you start using your wands."Voldemort doesn't turn yet, his hands are behind his back holding Lucius's wand.Her eyes close slowly when she feels Nagini's skin against her leg, but she decides to open them again and extend her hand to see if the snake would dare to eat her.She is surprised when its head rubs against her palm."I would also suggest, my Lord," she adds after a few seconds of silence, "that you attack the boy personally, you should do it at the end.""Explain."Nagini's head continued near Leevanna's hand, and she starts petting the big animal."After most of the ones protecting Potter are attacked and the member who's going to be with him is knocked down," she starts waving her wand again to make the map show a sort of harvest fields, "the boy is going to be unprotected, you can attack him easier."Voldemort just nods."If that's all, my Lord, I shall retire," and her chin raises once more after she makes the holograms disappear.The snake-like man nods again.Leevanna looks down to Nagini and waves goodbye before starting to walk out of the room.And she begins to think about what could possibly be that little thing that worries the great Lord Voldemort so much that he did not even bother to turn around to see the attack ideas that she had spoken of.She's very curious about that.It would be a way to attack him? A secret weapon? An ace up his sleeve? A way to kill him?And then she remembers the way he worried about his precious Horcruxes. Would be that what was bothering his intriguing mind?She wishes she could enter his mind to know everything about that. But is all she can do. Wish.She knows though, that if it is his exposed vulnerability what is bothering him, is her fault for failing in her task months ago. But now it doesn't bothers her anymore, she is actually hoping someone was so intelligent to decipher that piece of information she had let slip and knows how to use it.Hope.What a dangerous thing for a woman like her.The word had always seemed to escape her hands like snow melting under summer skies.She sighs.Her feet had guided her to the backyard of Malfoy Manor, near the greenhouse Narcissa Malfoy has. She was looking for Draco and she knew she would find him there, browsing among the flowers and plants that the place keeps and tries not to let die.He is giving his back to her, caressing a black rose Leevanna herself planted months ago, she is surprised that it is still alive.She walks towards him without making any noise and surrounds his torso with her arms sighing. The fabric of his suit was pretty soft and smooth."Your suicidal plan is over?" he asks caressing another flower that is near and the green-eyed can't see very well."Are you still mad at me?" she asks in return and closes her eyes."Pretty much, yeah," he sighs and slides his left hand across her forearm before intertwining his fingers with hers."I thought you couldn't get angry with me," she mutters feeling his thumb caressing her skin."When you are being reckless, stubborn and fucking stupid, yes I can," he confesses. "Not for much though.""That time is already over?""Give me five seconds."She laughed and unwrapped her arms from her torso before setting aside a flowerpot to sit on a sort of table that was facing the blond. He opened her thighs with his hands and placed himself between them feeling her embrace him one more time."I am trying to protect you," she sighs with her cheek against his torso and eyes open. "Let me do that.""I don't want protection, Leevy," he sighs caressing her hair. "I want you to be safe, those fucking meetings are fucking everything but fucking safe.""Nagini let me pet her today," she confesses shrugging. "Maybe the next one we can have a tea party and both could browse over fashion magazines," the blond chuckles at her words.He took her chin carefully and supported it on the space between his index finger and thumb to raise her chin."I'm being serious," he says."I'm being serious, too," and he rolled his eyes."I am not going to change your mind, right?" he sighs and she denies with her head. "Always so fucking dumb and stubborn.""Always being such a dramatic ass," and he looks away from her as he smirks playfully before nodding."At least I'm not stupid.""Sure about that?" she raised an eyebrow."Fuck off," he laughs making her laugh too.And for that tiny little moment, summer and spring didn't seem so depressive and full of memories. ༄ "At what time did we go from running all over the house to using Muffliato just to talk?" She sighed by supporting her forehead on his chest."Only to talk?" He played by making her laugh. "You know I would avoid all this if I could," he sighed."When we got married, this didn't come in the contract.""Do you want a refund?""Nah," she laughed. "I don't think Elvis Presley does refunds," and both laughed.One of the few times they genuinely did it, being honest.After leaving Hogwarts, both had not left the blond's room for two days in a row since the constant panic attacks were uncontrollable.Lucius had returned a week after, quite hurt and haggard. Narcissa's soul broke when she saw him.Malfoy Manor was no longer that beautiful and glamorous place where Draco had once grown up. The plants had no life and the atmosphere was depressive, terrifying. There were times when the teenagers didn't come down for dinner or any meal since Voldemort was at home.They knew absolutely nothing about anyone, they had only heard about Lhu thanks to their parents at the meeting a few days ago.Draco placed a strand of her behind her ear and entered his hands under her blouse holding her waist while she left a small kiss on his neck."The fact that we can't even agree on what to drink," she chuckled seeing the three glasses on the table night: one of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead, another of Fire Whiskey, and the last of ice cubes."There's something..." he said, lifting an eyebrow caressing the skin of her abdomen. She rolled her eyes playfully. "You really must stop rolling your eyes at me.""I get a lot of things out of it," she replied also raising an eyebrow. At that moment he changed positions quickly remaining on top of her."You are... Such a little brat," he murmured kissing the skin of her neck."Told you, I love when you get mad," she muttered by joining her lips with his.Draco pulled back as she joined her wrists in front of him. He unleashed his tie and tied her hands to head off the bed before unbuttoning her blouse and rolled it up until he left it above her eyes, then took out his shirt.He was leaving kisses the skin of her neck and chest while playing with the elastic of her black leggings sliding it through her legs next to her underwear. She arched her back feeling the temperature in her body rising.He knew exactly how to touch her.The blond stretched his arm to the glass with ice cubes, from which he took one and placed it between his lips and then kissed her, making her release a small gasp from her lips.Draco began to slide the small ice cube through the skin of her neck and chest listening to her gasps. Her skin erected when she felt the cold of the ice on the sensitive skin of her breasts. He slid the cube through her nipples and around them making her arch her back pulling the tie.A trace of icy water decorated her breast bone.His lips quickly left the ice and travelled to her breasts to kiss them. His wet lips nipping her skin making her moan.He continued to slide the ice through the centre of her breasts down her abdomen slowly.Leevanna squirmed in the bed while delirious moans escaped from her blood-rushed lips.They had returned to their old ways and games during the previous months. They had even acquired new ones.Her back arched even more, with her forehead almost rubbing the black sheets of the bed, feeling the ice on her bellybutton while he kissed the skin of her breasts playing with them again, nipping and licking until he left dark little bruises.His teeth bit her sensitive and bristled nipple in a gentle way, then he addressed the other one.Draco came down from bed by sliding the ice cube through her belly again until he continued to go down reaching her lips down there. A loud moan came out of her lips when she felt the ice, making contact with her sensitive skin and then his tongue sliding in the middle of her pussy.Oh, he knew what was doing."Shit..." she moaned biting her lower lip feeling the ice on her palpitating clit next to his tongue.The ice rubbing her clit in a linear way.She twisted in bed by groaning while he slid his tongue through her clit down to her wet entrance and then back up. She could feel the ice melting against her skin.He left the small cube on her clit and began to use his tongue more."Just — like that..." she moaned arching her back. "Fuck — Never stop."She tightened her fists by pulling the tie while her legs wrapped slowly around his head as a petition to continue his moves, which he did.He thrust his tongue deeper into her using it to slowly massage her wet entrance while the ice kept melting on her clit. His soft groans against her pussy turned her even more.Draco moved away from her and left a kiss on her belly before taking her hips and turning her onto her stomach making her moan.That position was heaven.He unbuttoned his pants and lowered them next to his boxers revealing his hard and big erection before taking her hips and raising her ass making her gasp.Her cheek pressed against the sheets while she waited.He took his throbbing dick aligning it at her wet entrance before slowly entering it and giving her a spank.Leevanna let out a moan of pleasure combined with pain by feeling him completely inside her.The blond leaned his abdomen on her back and took her hair on a fist pulling it on each thrust.He pounded her harder and deeper listening to her moans filled with pleasure. His hips bucking against her ass.He let go of her hair and pulled the tie by undoing the knot sitting her on him. He slid his hand through the skin of her stomach and belly down to her pussy where he made his way with his fingers finding quickly her clit, which he began to rub in a circular motion."So fucking wet," he murmured on her ear by listening to her moans.Her cries of pain blended with pleasure were music for his ears while her pelvis moved circularly and slowly on his throbbing dick. Delirious moans came out of her lips as he bit the skin of her shoulder fastening the movements against her clit."I love when you move like this," he told her in the ear causing her goosebumps.He took her chin by inserting two of his fingers into her mouth, which she sucked and bit while moaned on them.He loved the vibrations of her throat against his fingers.Draco pushed her to bed coming out of her and removing her blouse from her eyes to see her.He positioned himself between her legs by entering her again effortlessly while her back arched in pleasure.The blond took both of her legs and lifted them to his both shoulders as she winced.As her legs were over both of his shoulders, his hard dick thrust deeper into her while she cried loudly wanting more.She felt pain and pleasure at the same time, she didn't want him to stop, she wanted to feel everything in every position as possible."Fuck — God," she whimpered high tightening the sheets under her as her back arched more while he pressed his rings against her thighs."So — tight—" he gasped plunging her deeper and harder with all his force. The pressure on her hips was the fucking paradise for her.He lowered her legs and climbed up the bed resting his abdomen on hers panting as she squirmed in pleasure.He intertwined his hand with hers over her head feeling her gasps on his lips.His hips started bucking, plummeting her deeper and harder mercilessly while she bucked her hips against him fucking him back.Her knees pressed his hips asking him to go deeper into her, which he did."Fu — Draco..." she moaned feeling the orgasm built inside her.Both panted on each other's lips at the same time that she moaned arching her back.He growled softly against her lips when he felt her slick and warm walls tightened around his throbbing dick, which became harder when he reached the edge of climax.She wailed loudly feeling thousands of currents travelling her body at the same time that the orgasm in her was released.He looked for her lips by biting them gently when his body released filling her interiors with his thick cum at the same time as her."You look so fucking gorgeous all rosy and flustered," he said against her lips seeing the submission shine in her eyes."Oh, shut it," she blushed before bringing her lips together with his in a passionate and possessive kiss as he came out of her.Leevanna changed positions by sitting on him, but as they were both so exhausted, they fell to bed panting and laughing softly.

   "My life... Please," Draco implored with tears running through his cheeks.   "No!" Leevanna cried yelling."Please," he begged again trying to lift her off the ground.They had been like that for twenty-five minutes."Don't go!" She cried. "Stay!""Leevy, get up..." He begged her.It was the 27th of July and the Death Eaters had the mission to go to look for Harry Potter while The Order of the Phoenix rescued him from Privet Drive to keep him safe. Draco and Leevanna were also supposed to go, but the second had been saved by Severus Snape, who had said that she would not move a foot out of the manor that day until the day came to return to Hogwarts.Leevanna held the edges of Draco's blazer with force trying to keep him by her side, both were still on the floor, on their knees as he tried to lift her.It could be that her small body has not fully recovered from the trauma and that she's still moderately delicate and even without regaining all her muscle mass, but at that moment not even Draco had the strength to lift her, and the fact that she wasn't doing her part made everything even more difficult."Leevy," he begged her. "Please.""No! Please! Don't leave me!" She cried clinging more to him.Draco took her wrists carefully and nodded, she looked at him with her eyes swollen and full of tears in the hope that he would say that he would stay while her whole body trembled. Both stood up the floor slowly and he let go of her wrists, leaving her confused for a second before walking backwards quickly and going out the door.She ran towards the door as he closed it quickly."No!" She screamed hitting the door with the palm of her hands trying to get out. "Draco!" Her hands were full of his blood, scarlet brushes of his being that painted her as if she was a canvas. The water continued to spill all over the bathroom and Myrtle's sobs were mixed with those of the black-haired.

The salty water of the green-eyed's tears fell until it merged with the one that was under her.

"He is alive, Leev, is okay..." Severus tried to calm her. Her hands trembled as she caressed Draco's pale cheeks. The memory of the forest greeted her from a corner of the room as sobs escaped her lips leaving her breathless. She could see the knife again, she could see the blood on all her clothes and hands, she could see the larvae and crows eating the meat of the remains, she could feel the breeze that entered her nostrils making her smell the scent of a body in decomposition, she could feel the darkness and through her ears trickled the whispers that called her name.It was false, all of that was false, but it had felt so real and she had seen it for such a long time that her brain kept thinking it was the reality of events and it could happen again.Everything just kept getting worse.It could be that she herself had planned the attack strategies that they would use against the Order, but she also knew that it was too dangerous, she herself had calculated the risks and probabilities, she knew what could happen.She couldn't let that happen again.The blond took air deeply and cleaned as many tears that ran down his cheeks as he could while listening to his wife's plea screams on the other side of the door.It was heartbreaking and he couldn't go back in there to calm her."Draco!" she cried. "Let me out! Don't go!"He took air once again and closed his eyes trying to ignore her. He took out his wand and pointed it towards the door.He walked quickly through the long passageway trying to find the door to his parents' room, and he hit the frame of it when he didn't see them there. Draco passed a hand through his platinum blond hair with exasperation, his body began to tremble feeling how the monster of anxiety appropriated him.He could feel its venom rotting his flesh from within as it pierced his skin with its sharp and big fangs. He could feel it weighing down on his back before slicing open his skin with those slimy, aching tentacles that it possessed, leaving him exposed, fragile, airless.Air was a privilege no many could have in those times. Be able to breathe and not feel the torture of it was something one could only wish.He ran down the stairs in the hope of finding them downstairs, which he did."Mum," he called her making her turn instantly. They were in the living room. His father couldn't look at him, but he kept his head up. Bellatrix wasn't at home, fortunately."What's wrong, Draco?" She asked sweetly trying to contain her tears. Narcissa just cried, at this point was surprising that she didn't suffer dehydration for all her fallen tears."I'm going to stay," he said closing his eyes. Although he had put Muffliato at the door of his room, his mind kept reproducing, again and again, Leevanna's screams and blows trying to get out of the room. "Leevy — she — she isn't feeling well... And — I have to... I can't leave her."Lucius was about to speak, but Narcissa stopped him nodding with her head. The blond man looked at other direction of the room, he, as everyone in that manor, was about to break and fall in the abyss of madness and let it suck him as a vacuum does with the particles of dirt and dust."Ye-Yes it's fine," the woman replied nodding and forcing a smile trying not to cry again. "We're already leaving."The blue-grey-eyed let a low sigh escape his lips as he looked away from her and nodded. He turned around to start climbing the stairs at a hasty pace and two by two. Less than two minutes later he was in front of his door again. He took deep air feeling the tears running down his cheeks yet again.All happens again. That word is craved in the deepest point of each of them and keeps resurfacing over and over.He took out the lock from the door and opened it slowly, finding Leevanna sitting on the floor with her legs on one side while crying, her palms pressing the floor as if she tried to wake up someone.In her mind, distorted and ragged images of the woods reproduced in her mind's eye, making her be confused by reality and what it had been a cruel lie."...Draco?" She whispered looking up while he closed the door again. Her eyes were swollen and the green iris was very difficult to differentiate."My life," he told her approaching. He knelt and took her cheeks trying to get her to look at him."Don't go..." She begged him looking down with tears running down her cheeks. He took her chin by uprising it. "I — I can't have — Your blood — the forest — you — I—""I'm not going," he told her also shedding tears. He pressed their foreheads feeling her small hands clinging to his wrists still crying.The barrier of bravery that she put up every day to face her nightmares was weakening every second with no one noticing.That barrier so similar to a wall of ice began to crack, at first they had been small, as imperceptible as a hair fibre, but as the seconds passed, those cracks began to sound, warning that something was about to break — to collapse. The pieces were beginning to fall from above, small at first but large chunks of ice according to the breeze as the nightmares, just as the sun does, hit the fort again and again like invaders trying to defend the empress of the ice kingdom. And the barrier begins to melt from below, because it is summer and spring at the same time, and the sun always brings out the worst in you.He kissed her forehead before surrounding her with his arms in a hug by holding her tightly. She clung to him by his blazer while feeling how he caressed her hair with one hand.She pulled away from him by joining their foreheads again. She hadn't heard that she wasn't going to Privet Drive until that day; she thought Severus had also spoken for Draco, but seeing him talking to his mother had almost given her a collapse. What happened if he died? If he got hurt in the way?She couldn't see her hands full of his blood again. She just couldn't face that again.She couldn't see the woods again in her mind's eye, though she knew it was fake and just a memory she wanted to forget, she just couldn't. Every time Draco was at danger, the images of it just kept fluttering around her, making fun of her fright.She hadn't had time to talk to Severus because he had left the manor early, so she had been trying to convince Draco to stay with her until that time."Don't leave me," she cried."I'm never going to leave you," he promised her, intertwining his fingers in her long black hair before kissing her lips.Draco pulled her hair attracting her more to him while she surrounded her neck with her arms and waist with her legs. Leevanna gasped on his lips sliding his blazer through his arms until she left it on the floor.She needed him. Now.She needed to feel him being one with her.And he needed her, too.They didn't even know if it was okay if what they were doing to calm themselves was okay.They didn't know if it was okay to depend on that way of someone.They just do it. "You think Leevanna is going to leave you just like your father did," said Michael after writing for a few seconds, making Draco roll his eyes.

"Here we go again," huffed Draco covering his face with his hands and elbows supported on his knees. "I know she isn't going to do that."

"And then why are you so afraid of she leaving even to go to the kitchen and get so despaired if you don't find her by your side in the morning?" the Psycho Healer raised an eyebrow and Draco moved a finger to look at him.

"Get fucked, Michael."

"I'll tell my wife," he responded and Draco laughed. He entered his hands under her sweater and raised it until he left it on the ground.She took his cheeks joining their lips again in a slow and passionate kiss. Soon that kiss became three, then more. The kisses were hungry and wet when mixed with the salty water of their tears, ones they would only shed for each other.The blue-grey-eyed surrounded her with his arms tightening her and hiding his face in the crook of her neck smelling her aroma. She clung to him by intertwining her fingers in his hair before pressing their foreheads and joining her lips with his in a wet, passionate and possessive, raw kiss.Still, both on the floor, she began to unbutton his shirt desperately and awkwardly while tears continued to fall down her cheeks. He kissed her lips once again taking out his shirt and leaving it on the floor feeling her hands surrounding his neck and pressing her ring against his skin.The green-eyed took her head back feeling his lips kissing the tender skin of her neck while one of his veiny hands surrounded it pressing his rings on it.He placed his hands on her ass to lift her while she surrounded his neck with her arms. He walked both to their bed.He sat on the bed before unbuttoning her bralette leaving her breasts exposed. She dug her nails in his back while one of his hands held her neck again by pressing his rings on her tender skin. His kisses were leaving a trail of small purple marks from her jawline to her neck making her groan softly.With his free hand, he took one of her breasts by gently pressing it before lowering his kisses through her chest until he reached her tender breasts. He passed his tongue through the edge of these and bit her skin gently, making her let go off a small ragged wail thanks to that she continued crying.He kissed her breasts sucking her skin until he reached her bristled nipple, which he bit gently listening to her groans. Then, he continued with the other.His lips began to suck her tender breasts.He directed his kisses to her neck again, pressing his rings even more while she moaned on his lips softly.Her vulnerability was still extremely breathtaking. She looked so weak and it was just so fucking perfect.She still looks like a fucking holy grail for him.And then he remembers that time in his fourth year when, after Defence Against the Dark Arts with Moody, she had left the classroom and he had looked for her everywhere until he found her in the girls' lavatory crying while Moaning Myrtle stroked her hair and she talked about what her father had done to Alyssa Dexter and the other kids.Remembers how she looked that day. He remembers every one of her features contracting before the salty water created puddles. The way her tears ran across her face and decorated her eyes leaving her eyelashes wet, like little diamonds decorating her pale skin. Remembers how many tears he counted before he felt that burning feeling of emptiness when trying to breathe and the venom which invaded his body and left him agonising slowly, punishingly.A beautiful torture that he doesn't want to stop."You look — so pretty right now," he whispered on her lips making her blush. Her cheeks still had dry and new tears.Her breathy and little gasps leaving her blood-rushed lips and merging with her moans of pleasure creating a melodious symphony.He needed to fuck her while she cried. While the tears ran across her cheeks.Seeing her cry was still the most beautiful thing in the entire world, he knows, because he is the main reason for many of her tears.Her pretty and shiny diamond tears.Draco quickly changed positions by gently laying her on the bed while kissing her lips positioning himself between her legs.She leaned her head on the pillow passing her hands through the hard skin of his chest sliding them down to his abdomen. She began to remove his black belt by making the cold metal gently stroke the skin of her abdomen unintentionally. Her tears remained falling through her cheeks as her whole body trembled.She wanted to start crying again so badly.He lowered her skirt and she finished taking it out with the help of her feet's heels to leave it on the bed. He looked her in the eye for a moment melting with the submission, lust and desire in her green, big doe eyes. He placed a strand of hair behind her ear and joined his lips with hers again.She bit his lower lip feeling her eyes watering.The blond pulled away from her and began to slide the sides of her underwear while his blood-rushed lips left kisses through her abdomen. He opened her legs by biting the skin of her belly until he left a kiss on her heat. A pleasant whimper escaped from her lips.His hands took her small waist, attracting her to him while his tongue slowly slid from her entrance to her clitoris. She arched her back pushing her hips asking for more.Her taste was like a drug for him, an ocean full of that drug in where he couldn't stop swimming.Her taste was umami: pleasant, tasty, delightful, stimulating, and so fucking sweet.His tongue massaged her wet entrance slowly as her legs began to delicately press his head as he slid up to her clitoris starting to go faster.He moved, twirling around, gliding against her clit and entrance.It was just like absolute magic for her.When the orgasm began to build inside her making her legs tremble, even more, he lifted his head while panting and then began to kiss her inner thighs biting her skin leaving little purple bruises."Draco..." she moaned arching her back as a complaint. He climbed up the bed again while sliding his pants leaving them on the floor making his thick, hard dick jolt up.He pinned her down by her neck pressing his rings against the tender and soft skin of her neck. Both hearts palpitating aggressively.   "Cry," he muttered in a demanding way.And she stopped holding off her desire to cry and began to do it; the tears spilling quickly through her cheeks over the other ones until they slipped through her neck. Both looking into each other's eyes.The blue-grey-eyed rubbed his thick tip against her clit sliding it down her entrance until he slowly entered inside her."Fuck—," she cried arching her back. No matter how many times passed, she would never get used to his size.His hands grabbed her waist as he pushed himself deeper inside her. Her body was so tiny and small that his both thumbs collided.He rested his abdomen on hers guiding his right hand to her neck pressing her skin."You — are — so tight," he muttered under his breath. "I love it."His pace increased making her close her eyes as his thrusts become harder and more aggressive.A loudly moan escaped her blood-rushed lips at not being able to differentiate the pain of the pleasure.Draco gathered their lips biting her until he felt how the blood flooded his mouth while she cried on his lips. She continued shedding tears.A thread of saliva and blood slid through his lower lip when he moved away from her. The small red drops falling into her pale skin.He passed his tongue through her collarbones and neck wiping the blood and sucking her skin biting it gently until he left bruises on it.She bowed her back before taking his cheeks with both hands and putting their lips together, also biting him. She tasted the blood for a moment, still kissing him, and then kissed his neck while he penetrated her harder and roughly.Leevanna dug her nails into his arms feeling him thrusting deeper, with frustration thanks to her tightness. Inattentively, she thrust her hips against him asking for more. Her knees pressing his hips.Draco let go of her neck and leaned his forearm behind her head to then thrust her roughly, making her arch her back while moaning high. His other hand took her waist by pressing his rings pushing her closer towards him. His eyes fixed on her tears.His hips crashing onto hers in which she let go a loudly moan off her pink lips. Both panted against the other.Her walls started tightening making him thrust deeper at a passionate pace, mercilessly.He always made sure that she felt every part of his hard, thick dick. In every position possible.Leevanna soon unravelled as a loud wail escape her blood-rushed lips making her shed more tears. He felt a current journeying his body by feeling her slick walls tightening his dick at the same time he came inside her mixing his fluids with hers.Both had their lips parted and their breaths were ragged.He changed positions getting out of her, leaving her on top, while their legs caressed. He passed his hands through her hips and waist before pressing his fingertips on her back while kissing her. ༄ "I never said thank you, you know?" She said listening to his calm heartbeats.She still needs to hear them, she knows everything was a cruel lie, but she needs to hear he is still by her side all the time. She needs to make sure that lie hasn't become a reality and he is now dead."Thank you for what?" He asked by making small spirals on her back with his finger."For living for both of us at that time," she sighed sticking closer to him. "For taking care of me.""You are my little girl," he said running his fingers through her black hair. "I'll always take care of you.""Accept my thanks," she complained by supporting her chin on his chest."You're welcome," he replied with a soft chuckle.She slowly closed her eyes by resting her cheek back on his chest to listen to his heartbeat."We should go to the beach," she said."You hate the sand.""Yeah, but we should go to the beach.""Whatever you say, my captain," he chuckled caressing her hair delicately before both remained silent again.Both had gone through so many things that year that most of them didn't felt real. They liked silence more than anything at that moment. It let them think in peace, or wander through their memories.What Lord Voldemort had led them both to believe had been pulled from their own brains.  They had never left those dark rooms they woke up in. That was the great ability that The Dark Lord had. His most delightful pleasure was to invade the minds of his victims, creating visions designed to torture them into madness.Every single thing they had seen, heard, touched and smell had been pulled out of their own most terror-struck nightmares. The forest in which Leevanna had supposedly been, was one similar to the one in Canada, where she had been a few days after Narcissa's letter arrived, so it had been familiar but little known to her as she didn't know or recognise where she was. The Dark Lord had explored her mind when she had been unconscious and caused her to project her greatest fears due to she was in a vulnerable moment. The blood, the larvae and crows, the darkness, those had been tiny details that her mind had produced on its own. The hallucinations had been the voices of her consciousness that her brain had decided to shape so that at least she didn't feel so alone. No one had cared for her and her screams between her nightmares while she was in that dark room.The blood she had awakened with was from an animal that Fenrir Greyback had suffered the unfortunate misfortune to be killed and placed on top of her to make everything more real. The fractures, bruises and others had been produced by her own body because her internal magic believed that her dreams were real and wounded her body in consequence.Draco, for his part, had only been enslaved in that dark room, that was the reason why his fractures had been a little more difficult to heal because they were more real. Voldemort had wandered through his mind and ripped through every layer of magical barrier until he found the abysm his nightmares. He had also seen some memories with Leevanna and had mixed some secrets that she had told him with his greatest fears. His inner magic had tried to protect him from the trauma by making him fall unconscious after seeing the torture that Leevanna and Narcissa were being subjected to, but it hadn't worked for much since it had turned against him making him see everything more detailed than it already was.The blood running down Leevanna's thighs with the slimy white threads, the tears, the blood that came from both women's ears and nostrils, Narcissa's bones breaking, it had all been the magic inside him not knowing at all which direction to go.Only after extracting the last exquisite ounce of agony, only when The Dark Lord had them literally begging for a miracle to him, he had made them finally woke up just to sworn him loyalty receiving the Dark Mark in consequence.The worst thing had been that they hadn't even noticed they had been in the same dark room all that time and that had been why they could hear the other's voice so clear. For Leevanna it had been the hallucination of him and for Draco had been her heartbreaking and terror-struck screams.What Lord Voldemort had made to them didn't have a name. It was as unforgivable as using one of the Unforgivable Curses.Leevanna stretched out her arm as much as she could and opened the drawer from the nightstand, taking out one of her mother's diaries. 

  I still write here as if I'm still a teenager... I wish I were.

  No matter how much I hate saying it, Severus is always right. That son of... I hate him.

  Being sincere, I didn't remember all the things I've written in all the notebooks, which led me to forget many of my dreams and investigations.

  A black strand grew again today in my hair, which means that my research was not over. The last time I wrote about it, I thought it was due to the love I had for my 'soulmate', but I was wrong.

  Leevanna has grown a lot these years, and I'm still surprised to see her smile after all the things I did to her... That Nicholas forced me to do to her. That he himself did to her.

  I wish I could go back in time and hear how she played in the garden looking for flowers while Severus scolded her for getting dirty. Then both had a tea party. It was very funny to see him with a crown of flowers.

  I remember that when she was born I couldn't even look at her. I thought she had ruined my life.

  I see her now and I don't feel anything but tenderness. That girl is beautiful and so pure and so full of light.

  The black in my hair is not due to the love I have for my soulmate or shit like that, it is due to the love born from the bottom of my wounded heart for someone who deserves it, for someone who I would give my life for.

  My girl deserves it, she is becoming my life right now.

  I don't care about what Nicholas says anymore, If I can protect her, I will. "So I deserve to be loved?" Said Draco playfully once she stopped reading."Shut it, blondie," she chuckled. "Now I understand a lot of things.""Like what?""Why my mum interrupted every time Nicholas tried to tell me something bad," she sighed. "Why sometimes she stayed long minutes looking at me and then smiled.""So... Did you already forgave her?""Not exactly," she confessed by closing the notebook and putting it on the table. "But I understand her," she sighed. "I understand the things she had to do and why she did them.""I still can't get a thing out of my head," he confessed while she supported her chin on his chest."What thing?""Did Snape really wore flower crowns?""I can be very persuasive."And both laughed. 

"I'm not... Gonna use it again," the man said closing his eyes trying not to lose patience."But princesses wear crowns, you have to wear a crown."

"I'm not a princess."

"Yes, you are," laughed the girl while placing the crown of flowers on his head. "Say you're a princess."

Severus glared her before sighing.

"I'm a princess," he said between teeth before sipping the tea of the little cup. ༄ Leevanna huffed.She was tired and wanted to go back to her bed and sleep next to Draco.Her hands slid up her face and the yolk of her fingers rubbed her eyelids as she heard all the people in the dining room discussing and yelling and everything.She wants to sleep.They had woken her up out of nowhere when her Dark Mark had started to burn, indicating that she was being called for an urgent meeting at the dining room of Malfoy Manor.The sorts of holograms that she made appear with her wand to create a type of map to guide the inept Death Eaters was on the table, recapitulating what had happened in the middle of the attack that had been organized against the Order.Nagini slid down her side, making her give a small jump before lowering her gaze to look at her. She dedicated the bug serpent a small and soft smile before extending her right hand to let her climb the chair.   "Aayaa seethaaahaassseyaasss ssseyaaseethassssseh," whispered Leevanna towards Nagini, who nodded making the green-eyed chuckle.Leevanna sighed and her eyes fixed one more time on the map in front of her.They had done everything she'd said to them, the formations, the fake lightings, who to attack first, every single thing had gone according to the plan, so why and how had they failed?Lord Voldemort.Well — it exactly hadn't been his fault, nobody knew that what had happened was going to happen. Nobody had thought about that. Not even the Dark Lord himself. He had really believed that using other's wand should've been useful and enough for him to make Harry Potter die."The Potter boy wasn't even with Moody," said Amycus, "or with Shacklebolt.""There were fucking seven of them," said Rowle. "That wasn't part of the fucking the plan.""At least Moody is dead," said Alecto letting out a huff of exhaustion. "We don't need to deal with his fucking eye knowing every move we give.""Yeah, but Shunpike isn't under the curse anymore because of a bloody pigeon," huffed Rowle, "one of the Lestranges is wounded and we lost one more."Leevanna reviewed everything once more.Harry Potter had been with Rubeus Hagrid and Leevanna should have seen that coming. The giant would mean more physical protection to Potter, it had been right in front of her eyes and she hadn't seen it."That's what we get for trusting a child," said Yaxley making Leevanna look up."It isn't my fault that your dear inept friends didn't know how to remain in the formation," she said pointing at the hologram with her wand making it zoom.The Lestrange brother had got out of the triangle when he tried to wound George Weasley, who had been saved by Salazar knows who. For his part, the member who died hadn't even known they had a formation."I told each of you that if the boy wasn't with the strongest members he would use the magic of the rainbow, he used it, at the finals you made your shitty ass brain work and tagged him," she had got up from her chair and her hands were supported on the table. "So don't dare to say is my fault because who the fuck would've thought the Care Bears would use Polyjuice potion?"And she sat down again after snapping her fingers and changing the direction of the hologram to see the attack Voldemort had performed."Blimey, Yaxley, a kid shut your mouth?" mocked Amycus.And all the table tried to contain their laughter when the blond man clenched his jaw and closed his eyes.Lord Voldemort had made specifically clear that nobody would question Leevanna's authority in that room. So Yaxley had to bite his tongue every time the green-eyed responded with oozing sarcasm.Leevanna observed the attack once more, something had caught her attention and she didn't know how to explain it. They had been thwarted by Harry's spell-work, Hagrid's selfless courage and to put the cherry on top, Potter had crossed into a protective spell over the home of Ted Tonks.Lucius' wand had been disintegrated by a spell cast by Potter's wand, infuriating Voldemort, even more, causing all the electric towers to explode and let every single Muggle without energy. The newspapers in the Muggle world didn't know how to explain the 'things' and 'flashes of light' that had crashed with the automobiles and trucks making big and devastating accidents.Everything was chaos.What spell Potter could have used that caused such a big devastation with a simple wand?The piece of wood hadn't been only broken, but fucking disintegrated. Lucius Malfoy didn't have a wand anymore.Leevanna narrowed her eyes.The green-ray of light Voldemort had used hadn't even collided well with the one of Potter's.Would have he used Expelliarmus?But fucking Expelliarmus, a shitty ass disarming spell one learns in first year at school, against the Killing Curse? Fucking Expelliarmus? What the actual fuck?Leevanna was lost.She didn't know how to explain it. If the Dark Lord's wand was a kind of twin with Potter's the most logical thing you would do is use another's wand, what he had obviously done.Then why it hadn't worked it?Leevanna huffed and passed her hands up her face again with exhaustion. She needed to sleep.Nagini slid and rubbed its head against her arm as a way to tell her the meeting was reaching its end, what made Leevanna softly smile at her and say 'Thank you' in Parseltongue.When Leevanna was finally able to get out from the dining room, she took the edges of her cardigan and started to walk towards the stairs to start climbing them slowly and drowsily. She needed her bed and stop having nightmares.She wondered when would the war between her and the monster finally come to an end. When the duel between summer and spring skies against the sharp sensation of winter breeze would finally have a winner.Breathing is still a difficult task, it burns and the hollow pain in her chest presses her ribs, that for consequence made her heart hurt.Her feet guided her to Darco's room, that now was hers too. Everything was still how it had been when she left.She sighed.At least she could try to sleep and not wake up until it was ten in the morning. How do those people do? How they could spend all the nights peacefully and wake up in the afternoon? She envies them.Her hand discovers her side of the bed and she falls face-first to it before turning to face Draco."You and Nagini finished reading fashion magazines?" he asked scratching his eye."Yep," she chuckled feeling how he covered her with the comforter as she becomes a tiny ball on the bed and glues to him while his arm passed over her."Good," he sighed before kissing her forehead.And Leevanna closed her eyes. "The fuck, Georgia?" Leevanna frowned and turned her head to look at her.

Both women were stretched out on the rug in Georgia's office with their hands on their abdomens. The roof had a lot of decorations that changed every ten minutes and they were seeing them.

"You see Draco as a father figure," said Georgia turning her head to the roof again.

"You're saying I see him as if he was my father?" asked Leevanna. "Wait — are you saying that I wanted to have sex with my father?!"

Georgia laughed and shook her head. "I'm not saying that."

"He protects you, doesn't he?" the green-eyed nodded. "He takes care of you more than he does with himself, congratulates you even if you did something stupid and gives to you all you want, even if he doesn't get anything from it, or am I wrong?" Leevanna denied. "That's what a father is supposed to do Leev, be there for you all the time, listen to you, take care of you, celebrate your triumphs, give you the last biscuit on the plate."

"He doesn't give me the last ice-cream biscuit that's on the plate, we actually fight for it."

"But you always win, don't you?" and the green-eyed remained silent because Georgia was right. "You search in Draco all the things you father never gave to you and he protects you as if he was your father because he didn't have a father who protected him for a long time."

Both remained silent for several seconds until Leevanna spoke.

  I feel stupid writing this, but doesn't matter.

  Narcissa wrote to me a couple of weeks ago to ask if my Leevanna was with me. She ended me by saying that my girl had fought with Draco and left Malfoy Manor made a sea of tears.

  I hope my girl is okay.

  It's obvious that she's not going to tell me anything, I'm not going to force her either, but I hope one day it's possible for her to tell me how she feels.

  I wrote to Severus because of my concern, he told me that my girl is better. Only he knows what happened. I hope Draco and she fix everything soon.

  I don't have much time since Nicholas is driving me crazy with the whole Dark Lord thing.

  The last thing I have to say is that half of my hair is black. "My mother! My mother! And you?!" Said Leevanna while she hit him with the notebook."And what did you expect me to do?" Draco rolled his eyes. "You had left me.""And you said you hated me," she huffed moving away and going to their bed and crawl over it until she reached the pillows."Don't say that again," he huffed closing his trunk and hers after. "That's my shirt?""Yup.""Stop stealing my clothes.""Make me," she said sticking out her tongue. He rolled his eyes at her childishness."I didn't hate you," he said as his hands caught the handles of his trunk to put it on the floor. "I was mad, that's all," and then he did the same with her trunk.He was in charge to keep all their things to have them ready when the time to go to Hogwarts came. Leevanna was a very lazy person and her things were always everywhere, so the blond was doing everything because she kept getting distracted."Now you make me feel bad," she buffeted before covering her face with the pillow that was near her. "I left you.""Come here," he huffed rolling his eyes before sitting on the bed. She took the pillow out of her face and crawled to him to sit on him. "Good girl.""I left you," she said with a pout."Don't say that," he said, entering his hands under the shirt caressing her abdomen. "Both were mad and our relationship was always a mess.""We have a relationship?""Dumb," he giggled while he hit her forehead gently. "Why are you so tiny?""It's my fault you're 6'2 and I'm like almost 5'3?" She said raising an eyebrow playfully."My hands literally surround your waist," he said in a low tone looking at his hands surrounding her body.Leevanna shrugged her shoulders by caressing the back of his head while she felt the yolk of his fingers caressing her skin.It had been months since the miscarriage, and even though Leevanna had regained almost all of the muscle mass she had before, she seemed to have gotten smaller in some way or another.A couple of days ago Amelie Grey had been with them, for the complete check-up that Leevanna had to do as well as every month after what had happened. Hestia, her previous Healer, had dropped her case as she was now fighting for the Order's side and couldn't risk being seen by Voldemort, who had apparently forgotten about her. Amelie had told Leevanna that she was normal in her body, since she had always been small in size, and she only had to follow the diet that she was currently on.Everything was fine with her body."Say you're mine," he muttered looking up to her and snaking his hand up the curve of her neck before sweeping his hand beneath the courting of her hair, intertwining his fingers in her curls."I'm yours," she muttered looking him in the eye. She is so lost in his blue-grey ocean that she could be drowning and she would be happy.He began kissing the skin of her jawline causing her to take her head back by closing her eyes."Again," he whispered by lowering his kisses to her neck.   "I'm yours."Draco gripped her hair tightly, attracting his lips to her in a passionate and hungry kiss. She eagerly responded as he brushed the tender skin of her lips with his rougher mouth. Then savagely he kissed her and pulled her head to him tightly.One of his hands travelled to her neck pressing his cold rings against her white skin while the other took her through the waist, attracting her more to him.She began to make slow movements with her pelvis by pressing her knees on his hips while he opened the shirt button by button. His wet kisses went down her collarbones to her chest leaving the shirt completely open.His hands settled on her hips holding her hard and stopping her movements.He slowly looked up at his eyes.The submission.The fucking submission.She was going to ruin him.He slid his fingertips through her waist and kissed her neck again by nipping her skin while she let escape small groans from her blood-rushed lips.His fingers always knew how to make her skin react.He slowly passed his tongue through the edge of her breasts and went on to gently bite the skin of one of them until he left a small purple mark. Then he slid his tongue along the edge of her nipple and then took it into his mouth biting it gently. He addressed the other and did the same thing.His kisses went up again through her collarbones until he reached her neck while his right hand caressed her waist and then trailed down to her belly.He gave a quick look at her white lace underwear and then looked at her again. He slowly entered his hand through her underwear making her shudder and a small moan escaped from her lips.His index and a half finger made their way into her lips down there and then he slid them up until he reached her clit. His fingers already soaking wet."You are like that for me?" he muttered against her lips and she nodded. "Answer me.""Yes, just for you," she breathed feeling his finger caress her most sensitive points.Her mouth opened against his as she gasped when she felt his fingers caress her clit circularly and slowly."Who do you belong to?" he whispered against her open mouth. "...Who makes you feel like this?""Y-You..."She closed her eyes by biting her lower lip when his fingers accelerated her movements; moans escaped her mouth.Her hips moved slowly in a circular motion at the request of him to go faster, which he did.She took her fingers to his hair and intertwined them in the while his fingers slid from top to bottom by brushing her entrance."Please..." she begged, taking her head back when his fingers stopped halfway.He slowly entered his two fingers into her wet cunt listening to her moans while her hips moved circularly.The blond introduced his fingers deeper, reaching her most sensitive point, then his thumb began to pay attention to her clit.To be honest, Draco preferred to give pleasure than receive it.He loved to give pleasure to her.He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, listening to her delirious moans of pleasure. His fingers began to go in and out of her faster. Kisses started being traced up her neck, reaching her jawline. "Look at you..." he says against her skin before placing another kiss that makes him reach the shell of her ear. "...All wet just for my fingers."Leevanna put more pressure on his hips with her knees moving her pelvis slowly and circularly on his fingers while her hands clung to his hair. Her legs began to tremble and her stomach twisted at the thousands of butterflies.He loves the dirty talk. His words had a big impact on her. He knows it.Draco took his fingers out of her making her moan high and wince.He entered his fingers into her mouth and saw how she sucked them by biting them gently. Then he passed his thumb through her soft lower lip still looking her into the eyes.And he wondered how she looked so innocent and pure after all the things he had done to her and all the words that had left her pretty mouth.How?She looked like a little girl with the pigtails on her shoulders...

Merlin, she was a work of art.She slid her hands through the hard and bare skin of his chest down to his abdomen while biting her lower lip.He took her hips pushing her against his erection making her moan."You feel that?" He asked and she nodded as he fucked her above the fabric. "That's for you.""For... Me..." She breathed while her underwear became even wetter.He took her waist and threw her on the bed positioning himself between her legs without taking way his gaze from her. He left a kiss on her lips before continuing with her neck and chest slowly going down listening to her release small moans.He slid the yolk of his index finger over her abdomen, causing her skin to erect at his touch."My love, why are you so precious?" He said against her neck before kissing her lips. Her cheeks became as red as two mature cherries.Yes, she loved rough sex with him, handcuffs, straps, ties, blindfolds, and all that. But when he was delicate and whispered those things to her... Fucking God it was fucking heaven.Just the yolk of his fingers could make her cum if he wanted that. There was no doubt.He parted the shirt more and kissed her breasts once again while she arched her back. His tongue began to caress the edge of her nipples before taking it to his mouth to suck it as he bit it. He stretched his hand to the night table and took an ice cube out of the glass.He passed it through her lips and slid it down her neck causing her to close her eyes enjoying the cold of the ice.He gave a quick look at the knife that was on the nightstand while he kept sliding the ice cube.He left a wet kiss on her abdomen after he left the ice on her bellybutton for a few seconds. Then he slid it through her belly and left it again in the previous place.He looked her in the eyes for a second and she nodded slowly. It was his sign to take the knife and open it.He pressed the sharp tip on her abdomen and slid it until he reached the small ice cube leaving a small cut.His tongue cleaned the blood from her skin and then passed the ice through the cut stopping the blood. He left a kiss on the cut and then passed his hand over it disappearing the cut.He then slid the ice along the edge of her underwear while he pressed the knife tip gently on the skin of her thigh.She couldn't help but moan in pleasure by arching her back.Draco kissed the cut of her thigh and bit her skin cleaning all the blood, which wasn't much. Then he repeated the same procedure he did with the previous cut to disappear it.He threw the knife to the night table after making a small cut on his thumb. The ice melted on her belly.His thumb placed between her lips inviting her to bite it slowly tasting the red liquid leaving a small trace of blood. Then he passed his thumb through her lower lip before kissing her lips.The ice was completely melted on her skin.He pulled away from her and lowered the edges of her underwear until he left it on the bed. He opened her legs placing himself between them and lowered his grey sweatpants causing his thick and hard erection to jolt up."How bad you want me?""Ba-Badly," she gasped wanting him now."You want to feel me inside you? Tell me," his thick tip pressing her clit."Yes... Yes, inside — inside me," her breath was so ragged that she was fighting to breathe.Her back arched feeling his tip sliding from her throbbing clit to her wet entrance and then enter it completely inside her."Oh! — Shit—" she cried because of the pain his sudden action had caused.He laid his abdomen on hers and intertwined their hands above her head, starting to penetrate her slowly. She squirmed on the bed by moaning and arching her back to each thrust.The icy water that had melted on her skin now wetted his, sliding down and creating sensations in sensitive points.Her knees pressed against his hips at the same time her eyes closed while his thrusts became harder and more aggressive.Their mouths open barely touching, their hot gasps on each other's lips.Leevanna arched her back and moved her hands until she buried her nails in his arms. That he had penetrated her completely the first time hurt like hell.But she enjoyed the pain.She began to move her hips fucking him back. In every thrust that he gave, the pillow behind her stuck more to the headboard.He placed his forearm behind her head growling softly against her blood-rushed lips and looked for her hand until he intertwined her with his at the side of her face by pinning her to the bed.Her eyes began to water as he thrust her more rough and hard. Every thrust was given with frustration and lust.The worst thing was that, to his eyes, she still looked innocent.How the hell she looked so innocent?!Her moans were getting louder and her back arched more and more.She was loving the pain.Draco accelerated his pace and started bucking his hips against hers feeling her nails digging the skin of his hand.His thrusts became deeper, fucking her mercilessly.Her slick walls tightened around his throbbing cock, which made him go even harder making her feel every detail.Soon a current travelled her whole body feeling the fireworks exploding inside her making her arch her back while she wailed loudly.Her small body trembled as the hard climax soon withered.He plunged her once again feeling his body release coming inside her.Both panted on each other's lips before joining in a kiss. ༄ In spite of their most recent failure to terminate Harry Potter, the Death Eaters' plans of overthrowing the Ministry of Magic and taking a huge step towards reigning supreme were still underway.       I just want to return to Kindergarten, says her own voice in her head.Leevanna is overworked. She wants to cry. She wants to sleep.Wants to do many things that she isn't able to because she needs to maintain the bloody composure and try to keep her head cold so as not to explode right there.She is afraid. Doesn't want to be there.But she needs to be.The numbers don't help anymore, she can't do formulas because her brain could only think about finally having a rest of all the stress she is having right now. If she gives up at this point, all would just get nastier — more than it already was. If she gives up right now, she couldn't be able to protect the persons she considers a family.She can't give up. It is prohibited for her to give up. She knows that.She couldn't disappoint all the people she loves. She couldn't let the others see her being weak and fragile. But how to keep going if you are so exhausted from everything?This is an open war.Anything could happen. The possibilities and probabilities just kept going up and down every second, nobody could even blink or they would miss their enemies attacks. Nobody could give their backs to someone so as not to be stabbed after believing they finished fighting. It is impossible to sleep without an open eye and a knife in hand.

Come on, Leevanna, you need to keep going, you must do.But she doesn't want to. She wants to give up.There's no monster, no whisper, no darkness this time. It is her own voice that tries to keep the hope alive. It is her own voice that keeps whispering like cold winter breeze which burns and tells she can't quit. It is her own voice that makes her wake up every morning to try and keep continuing day a day.She doesn't want to.So the tears start crystallising her vision, start making weight in every blink she gives, start to wet her eyelashes like little diamonds.She just wants to give up. "Why you can't give up, Leevanna?" asked Georgia while the two were drawing. "Why are you so afraid of giving up?"

Leevanna sighed and traced another line over the paper. She was doing a porcelain doll.

"If I give up," she began, "I would disappoint all the people who count with my help."

"But yet you said you don't want to keep helping the side you're on because they're wrong," said Georgia without taking out her view from the flower she was drawing.

"You're on that side too," Leevanna looked up seeing how the blonde woman shrugged.

"I am a psychiatrist, I'm not really in anyone's side," she sighed. "I could disappear one day and voilà, nobody could find me because my mark is a scar."

"And why don't you do it?" the green-eyed returned her gaze to her draw.

"Because I have patients tomorrow and all the week," chuckled Georgia. "I love my job, I love my patients, doing what I like makes me happy, that's why I haven't take my bags and disappear yet," she said. "But if one day what I do doesn't make me happy anymore, I would search for another thing, if nothing works, then I can take my bags."

"Treating persons with mental problems makes you happy?"

"Yeah, pretty much," responded Georgia. "When I was your age, no one was there to listen to my problems and how I felt, so I made my goal become something that could help the other people," she finished drawing and crosses her arms over the table to look at her. "Are you happy, Leev?"

"I mean... Yeah, but also no," she shrugged. "I'm happy when I'm with Draco, or Cissy, or my friends... But then I think and those are just moments, ephemeral ones," she sighs. "Things keep happening and they're just all sad and horrible, devastating things that don't let me breathe," she continued. "In my life, there're just a few memories of what happiness is, I don't know if I'm truly happy and having bad days or I'm just sad and having some good days."

"Do you think you deserve to be happy?

Leevanna shrugged again. "I think everyone deserves it, even if it just small amounts of it," she keeps drawing. "For example, look at Cissy, she has suffered for a long time and keeps crying, she deserves a happy ending after this," her hand grabbed a different colour. "I really want to be happy, one day, away from all this, I think I deserve a happy ending after all."

"What would be that happy ending?"

"Making peace with the monster," she says. "Finding myself after being lost for such a long time, let the snow fall over the flowers," and she looks up. "Finally breathe," she continues. "Know that I can be free."

"That's why are you so afraid of giving up?" asked Georgia. "Because you think you won't be free if you quit fighting?"

"Yeah, pretty much," she said crossing her arms over the table. "I like fighting, I have done it all my life, is in my veins." And she blinks.She knows. She can't give up.All the probabilities could say that everything is going to the same shit and the best would be to abandon the ship, but yet all those probabilities can change in an hour, tomorrow, the next week.Everything just keeps changing.Even she herself is changing.She knows she needs to continue fighting."Hathehhsssssssaahthay?" and she reacts when the hissing Nagini is doing leaks through her ears."Seethaaasssshasseeyssss," she responds dedicating her a soft smile before sighing and sliding her hands up her face to then look again at the holograms in front of her."We have infested all the ministry, my Lord," says Rowle."It is not enough," says Voldemort with his gaze lost on the window in front of him."We need the full control of it," says Amycus flicking his wand to have a full view of the place."I beg pardon for my ignorance, but who's the actual Minister of Magic?" asks Leevanna frowning and crossing her arms over her chest."Rufus Scrimgeour, princess," responds Dolohov.Leevanna nods and flicks her wand to make a chessboard appear in front of her to start positioning the pieces as if they were a kind of battalion. At this point, the nickname he has for her is the most irrelevant thing for her."This is Scrimgeour," she starts and takes the king to place it in its square. "These are the rest we need to get rid of," and she points all the following pieces."And what do you suggest?" Alecto raised an eyebrow."We need to get rid of the pieces that are in the middle," she says. "The people who are surrounding the Minister daily, the paws.""Those would be the filthy gossipers from the Daily Prophet," says Rowle. "I actually have a plan with them.""Say it," says Leevanna."If we give them something to talk in these days, they would look away from the ministry," he says. "Something small," he says. "Maybe a disappearance or a death.""Well, do whatever you need," sighs Leevanna. "Now that the paws are out, we have the strong pieces.""That would be The Winzengamont," says Amycus crossing his arms over the table."We need something who infiltrates inside them," says Alecto."Look at that, you are useful after all," sighs Leevanna accommodating some pieces. She chuckled when the Carrow woman took off her middle finger. "Yaxley.""What?" the man asks holding his drink before taking it to his mouth and drink it."We have Dolores Umbridge there, right?" the green-eyed asks and he nodded. "Make her took the place Fudge had.""That woman is even something relevant?" huffed Dolohov."She is a cunt," said Leevanna. "But she knows how to keep the order even if it's in a bad way," and her eyes drifted to Yaxley again. "I would put Lucius with her, but he doesn't have a wand, become her right hand, Yaxley.""We don't trust our dear father in law anymore, don't we?" laughed Dolohov. "Problems in heaven, princess?""Ha. Ha," the green-eyed rolled his eyes. "I'm just doing what's the best, putting Lucius there isn't.""If you say so," he chuckled raising his arms in surrender playfully."You heard me, Yaxley?" asked Leevanna towards the man, who nodded. "Fine... What's next?""The Care Bears," said Yaxley."Shacklebolt," says Rowle. "He is part of the Order and he works for the Ministry.""Okay, so," sighs Leevanna. "First of all, we get rid of the nosy gossipers of the Daily Prophet," she says pushing the paws aside. "Once we do that, in these days, we put Umbridge and Yaxley at the charge," and she pushed the knights and castles."Once infiltrated we get rid of the Care Bears," says Alecto pointing the bishops with her wand and throwing them with a ray. "Shacklebolt is first.""Without the Care Bears interrupting the way, we have the Queen and King left," Leevanna's eyes move throughout the chessboard before taking the Queen from the black ones and fidgeting it."We kill Scrimgeour," says Amycus and she nods. "With who we replace him?""The politician," says Alecto. "What was his name? Thicknesse?" his brother nodded. "We put him there.""Yeah, but he could turn tables," says Rowle."We use Imperius," Alecto turned her head to look at him. "Then, if he isn't useful anymore, we get rid of him too.""And who would be behind it?""Yaxley," says Leevanna attracting the gazes drift to her. "If he is with the Winzengamont, he's near everything, Umbridge is just a paw here, Yaxley is the bishop.""And then what?" frowns Dolohov."Checkmate," she says placing the Queen in front of the King and upping her gaze to look at everyone and smirk. "You do whatever you want."Everyone smirks too."We have it, my Lord," says Amycus. "This needs just a couple of days.""How many?" asks the snake-like man without turning to look at them."First of August it is done, two days, my Lord," says Alecto and Voldemort nods."I have a question," says Dolohov intertwining his hands over the table. "Exactly how do we exterminate the Care Bears?""We use the Ministry's resources to eliminate them," responds Rowle. "If we need good weapons to exterminate the Care Bears' defences, the Ministry has it.""Yeah, but what we do?""Start attacking them," says Alecto waving her wand to change the view of the holograms. "Their main source is this thing right here, the one Bellatrix set on fire."Leevanna held her breath.They were seeing The Burrow.Molly Weasley's home. When the fragrance of the jasmine tea entered her nostrils, she closed her eyes. It was six in the morning and she just woke up.

"Dear?" and she turned her head when she heard Molly's voice. "What are you doing here so early?"

"Oh, um—" she blushed. "I've never been a sleeping person," a smile appeared on her face. "Is okay though, I'm fine."

Molly smiled and nodded. "Do you want anything to eat?"

"No, thank you, Molly, I'm fine with my tea," she chuckled. "Do you want some?" and the woman nodded again as Leevanna crossed her arms over her chest to warm herself.

"That makes me remember," the ginger woman said getting off the kitchen and coming back after a few seconds with a black box and a ribbon over it.

"Oh, Molly, you shouldn't—"

"Open it," the woman smiled handing her the box. Leevanna sighed and took it to place it over the table. Her hands covered her mouth when she opened it. "Do you liked it?"

"I love it!" she said taking the dark-green jumper with her initial in the middle in her hands to put it on. "I swear, I'm less than a goblin, everything is the double of me."

"You still look awesome," laughed Molly making her chuckle before Leevanna surrounded her neck with her arms. "I'm happy you liked it," said the woman hugging her back,

"Thank you," she said letting her sugary aroma invade her nostrils. Leevanna closed her eyes for a second."The other houses are accessible too, the one from their allies," the voice of Rowle makes her go back to reality. "This one from the Muggle, for example."And they were no longer seeing The Burrow, if not the one owned by Ted Tonks and his wife Andromeda Tonks, Narcissa and Bellatrix's disowned sister."Don't kill them," said Leevanna attracting the gazes now to her. And she realises she almost makes a mistake. "It would attract unwanted attention and we must act with carefulness."And she closes her eyes in an internal sigh when everyone agrees.An idea that lights up like a candle appears in her mind's eye. She knows they would agree too."Put them under surveillance," she says again. "If they know the whereabouts of the Potter boy," she continues, "they may be glancing at each other every second, looking for the perfect moment to contact him or go with him," her gaze raises when she doesn't hear any protests and decides to continue talking. "With you behind their steps there, the task of finding the boy would be easier.""We surveillance them then," sighs Amycus.Leevanna nods silently.It was a weird thing to say, but the Order would be, for a way to say it, a bit more protected with Death Eaters in front of their doors. At least she wanted to believe that.       You have to tell them, says the voice in her head. The mini her.       No, I won't, responds her own internal voice. She couldn't say it.

       You have to.

"Go to Grimmauld Place," she says and bites her tongue once she realises what she had just said. "That's headquarters, not The Burrow."And she hates herself.When the meeting is over, she caresses Nagini's head one more time before leaving the dining room and let the façade of bravery fall for a moment.Her feet guide her to her room as she scratches her eye with her wrist and sighs. She is exhausted. Every meeting takes a lot of mental strength; one, make her inner magic put barriers to prevent Voldemort infesting her mind, and two, think about strategies and ways to attack people she is sided to.Another sigh left her lips after she closed the door and cast the Muffliato spell.And the tears were able to finally escape next to a ragged and exasperated huff."Leevy?" frowned Draco from the bed. He had been reading and just repaired on her presence."I'm so fucking exhausted," she sobbed walking towards the bed and crawl it until she was between Draco's legs."I know you are," he sighed surrounding her from behind and placing his chin over her shoulder. "I know you are..."And she sobbed again as she cleaned her tears unsuccessfully and he embraced her tightly while hearing her shed tears.She is really exhausted. ༄ "Don't fucking cry," he huffed taking his things.He gave her a quick glance watching her bite her lower lip shedding tears in silence as she walked next to him."Stop crying or I will pin you against a wall and fuck you in front of everyone to give you a reason to cry."Instantly, her tears stopped coming out.She knew he was capable of doing it."Rude," she murmured crossing her arms on her chest while they kept walking."Walk."It was September 1st and both were on King's Cross to board the train that would take them to Hogwarts School. Finally, they would leave Malfoy Manor and the things would relax a bit.Leevanna had been shedding a few tears because a muggle statue on the street had scared her by being a real person . The silver person had moved and touched her shoulder frightening her. Draco had laughed and made fun of her until he saw her cry.When they were inside the train, both went to a private compartment, where Lhu was supposed to be waiting for them."Leev!" The girl exclaimed excitedly before surrounding her friend with her arms in a tight hug. Lhu took her cheeks with tears running down hers. "Are you okay? Did someone do something to you? Does something hurt?""We're okay. Nobody did anything to us. Nothing hurts," she replied by cleaning her best friend's tears before hugging her again. "How are you?""How do you think I am?" She answered her when they separated. "My parents didn't let me out until now I don't know anything about the twins," she huffed. "I couldn't even use Apparition, they had me in house arrest.""I saw Ginny on the way," she sighed keeping her hands in her pockets while Draco accommodated the things. "Go with her and then you tell me," Lhu nodded and kissed her on the cheek before opening the door and start looking for the youngest of the Weasleys offspring.Leevanna started shedding tears again.Draco rolled his eyes sitting on the couch."Come here," he huffed extending a hand to sit her in the middle of his legs. "Does it hurt?" He asked her referring to the mark on her arm, she denied with her head while he wiped her tears with his thumbs."What if something happened to them?" she asked turning to look at him. "And if something happens to Lhu?""Nothing's gonna happen to Lhu, believe me," he sighed. "And for the twins... Well, I can't assure you anything," she nodded slowly, then he left a kiss on her forehead.Both were tired.The red circles under their eyes had returned and their faces were pale. Both were also apathetic.They were mentally tired.The last weeks had been spent in meetings with Death Eaters, and they could barely leave their room when The Dark Lord was at home. Leevanna was the main participant in the meetings to plan tactics and she was shitting on herself every time she entered those doors. Draco had been in the last three meetings because they were for all in general, to explain what they had planned and such.He had seen the way Leevanna's hands slightly trembled and her eyes closed when the name of a member of the Order left a Death Eater's mouth. The blond had been also surprised by the little chats between hisses Nagini and Leevanna had. Draco, if the situation was different, would've even said that Leevanna really seemed a general in that dining room and certainly earned her place there, her plans were brilliant.But he knew if he dared to say that, he would only make her feel worse because it absolutely was not a compliment. Leevanna was struggling inside there, she wasn't happy with the things she planned as attacks, and Draco knew it.So he just listened to her sob after every meeting and become vulnerable as he hugged her and whispered that she was amazing and that everything would end soon. She always denied with her head as she sobbed and contradicted all the things Draco said, but he didn't listen to her and continued saying them before kissing her head.And, of course, how Leevanna wouldn't feel absolutely horrible with herself if she was going against what she believed in?After Rufus Scrimgeour was murdered and Pius Thicknesse was installed in his place, controlled by the Imperius Curse placed on him by Yaxley and effectively Voldemort's thrall, and several Death Eaters became employees of the Ministry, most notably Corban Yaxley just like Leevanna had predicted when they discussed that, they had started to run the Ministry of Magic in Voldemort's name.And they were fucking flourishing in the Dark Lord's absence.The worst part of it was that Leevanna was also one of the main heads on that. They had created the Muggle-Born Registration Commission, an instrument for the humiliation and persecution of Muggle-borns, who were falsely accused of having 'stolen' magic and consequently imprisoned in Azkaban. The propaganda against them and Harry Potter under the title of 'Undesirable Number One' had spread even faster.There was even a reward of 10,000 Galleons, for Salazar's sake.When the name of Hermione Granger saw the light and was printed on the Daily Prophet, Leevanna didn't left their room for two days. She felt horrible and had thrown up until she passed out.Another thing was that she hadn't even had a day of rest because Voldemort asked for her presence in the meetings she had alone with a few more Death Eaters the next day. And all just to announce a Taboo would be placed over the Dark Lord's name as a method of locating anybody who was brave enough to say it.Leevanna had left the dining room trembling.They had also tried to erase the mark from their arm thousands of times, but it was impossible."Now that Snape is the headmaster," Draco said, supporting his head on the window, "we don't have to attend class if you don't want.""And what are we going to do?" Leevanna asked by supporting the back of her head on his chest. He caressed the skin of her abdomen delicately, the yolks of his fingers running across her skin entering her blouse."Sleep, have sex, eat, have sex... Have more sex.""Asshole," she laughed.A few minutes later, Lhu arrived with a pile of sweets in her hands and news about the twins and the whole crew at The Burrow: George had an ear hurt — missing, Fleur and Bill's wedding had been interrupted when the Death Eater's took place in the Ministry of Magic, and Molly send regards to the girls. Ginny had refused to tell anything to Lhu, but she gave up when she saw the worrisome in her face and the tears running down her cheeks as she begged her.The trip, being quite long, was based on Leevanna telling Lhu about her mother's diaries and investigations, eating sweets, and remembering some things they had lived in the last six years.Two hours before arriving at Hogwarts, Leevanna had fallen asleep, so Draco caressed her hair while reading a book. She was between his legs with her head resting on his chest."I envy her," Lhu sighed seeing her best friend sleep peacefully. Draco turned to look at her closing his book. "Not in a bad way, but the mental strength she has as not to have a breakdown right now."The blond looked at his wife seeing how she clung to him between dreams with frustration. He caressed her abdomen in a way to tell her that he was still there, a thing that made her relax again.He knew Leevanna was breaking down, but he couldn't tell Lhu."I'm going mental, Draco," Lhu confessed. "I'm so fucking afraid of everything.""You are not the only one," he admitted, looking at her again. "The only reason I haven't stood in front of the Hogwarts Express to commit suicide and leave this damn world is her."Lhu laughed softly."You two have a serious problem with suicidal thoughts," she said smiling.Draco shrugged his shoulders intertwining his hand with Leevanna's over her abdomen. He knew that, in that way, she wouldn't have nightmares."You truly love her, don't you?" asked Lhu seeing how he took care of her."You helped me realise that," he confessed by closing his eyes and supporting his head on the frame of the window sighing. "In our fifth year.""And then, you two screw it up," both laughed. "I never knew what happened," she said. "I didn't ask either.""I heard a conversation she had with my mum," he began looking at her, "but I didn't listen to it completely and thought she didn't love me. I got angry, told her that I hated her, and then she left. Then we got married in Kentucky.""You two are really something else," she chuckled."Yeah, I guess," he said. "I just... She — I've never met someone like her before. She has this effect on me every time she looks at me, or smiles and talks about flowers, or when she lays on the grass in summer and laughs, or plays with the snow in winter... I was always so fucking lonely and — I don't really know how to explain it but — I don't even know if this is the correct way to do it if what we do is right and could be called 'love' but—  She is and always be my life, like, we complete each other. She picked up all my fucking mess and I picked up hers, and we just... Love — No, no love... Live.""They say is real when you can't describe how you feel," she said smiling softly, he mimicked her action."Lhu," he called her."Hm?""Thank you for taking care of her at that time, when I couldn't be with her.""Draco Malfoy saying thank you? Wow, that's something you don't hear every day," she said with a raised eyebrow playfully."Don't get used to it."Lhu laughed."She is my sister," she sighed. "I'm always going to be there for her. I love her."

Blood.Chaos.Fire.Leevanna.Death.Draco opened his eyes at once.He blinked a couple of times getting used to the light that entered through the window of their bedroom at Hogwarts.His eyes wandered through the room for a second and then he looked down at the girl in the bed, who seemed to be asleep under the white sheets, which confused him because they never used sheets of that colour.He frowned when he felt a viscous liquid slipping across the bed."Leev?" He mumbled watching the girl. He took the edge of the sheet and began to lift it slowly to discover the girl.He released the white fabric abruptly when he saw the girl's greyish skin, her eyes closed and the still fresh wound in the middle of her chest. He looked down encountering blood all over the bed. His hands were also full of it, stained with scarlet drops of her being.The cadaver got up and turned her head toward him opening her eyes.   "It's your fault," and when he heard her cold voice from beyond the grave, the air left his body.Draco's eyes snapped open.He breathed quietly again when he realised that the dream was finally over. Fortunately.Usually, they lasted more, a lot of dreams all at once without giving him time to process everything. The nightmares went from the deep and dark hole, he using the Cruciatus curse on her, seeing the Dark Lord torturing and then killing her, the masked man hurting her, to Draco himself at the Astronomy Tower and she insisted of Dumbledore.All horrible. All traumatic.Draco couldn't forget, no matter how much he tries every day to make his brain understand that the deep hole was just a made-up vision, that all was invented just like his dreams."Fucking nightmares," he whispered before huffing and sitting in bed passing his hands through his face and then scratching his eyelids with his wrists. He lowered his gaze finding Leevanna asleep face down.He crossed his arms on his flexed knees and leaned his cheek on them.She looked so peaceful sleeping.So vulnerable but yet so untouchable.Her black hair spread all over the pillow, one arm under it and the other flexed next to her face. Her profile was what he liked the most, he had a few draws of it just like she had canvases of him. Her naked body barely covered by the black sheet looked so tiny.They would never have white sheets. It was prohibited. No white clinic sheets for them. Never.He looked at the clock at his table at night, meeting that it was already half-past nine in the morning. Three weeks back at Hogwarts and they hadn't attended any classes, just lunch and dinner to accompany Lhu.It wasn't that it mattered much if they went to classes anyway. Severus had actually said they didn't even have to attend Hogwarts anymore, but Malfoy Manor was the less perfect place to be right now, they really preferred Hogwarts even though they didn't do anything.He turned his gaze back to the girl and glanced at the two small, and almost imperceptible, moles she had along her arm.She was perfect. A work of art for Draco's eyes. For a lot of other eyes actually."Why are you awake?" She muttered drowsily before turning to face him. Her eyes were still closed."Good morning to you, too," he replied with a closed-mouth smile."You had nightmares," she murmured again, but it wasn't a question, it was a statement. She opened her eyes little by little while putting her hands under her cheek.He nodded.She was always right. She knows him more than he does with himself."Come," she said extending one of her hands. He took it and laid back on the bed facing her. "How did I die this time?""How do you know you died?""I've known you for seven years, Draco Lucius Malfoy," she said, closing her eyes again and placing her hand under her cheek."You had a wound in your chest," he sighed also closing his eyes."You have an obsession with my breasts," she said frowning, making him laugh. He nodded by placing one hand on her waist, attracting her more to him.She was so warm and he was so cold but yet he was the one who was warming her. As always."With other parts of your body as well," it was her turn to drop a soft chuckle."What time is it?""It must be 10 in the morning already," he said sighing."Why do we continue to come if we never go to classes?" her forehead was now pressed against his chest and her hot breath brushed his skin."Because it's better to be here than to stay another second in the manor," what he had wanted to say, in reality, was that he preferred having her in a depressive castle than let her attend any more fucking meetings with fucking Death Eaters in that fucking dining room.He refused to see her arrive one more time to the room sobbing and trembling as she says she is so fucking exhausted from all this. It burned every part of him seeing her turn off that façade he knew she was forcing just to do something she doesn't want to do.She had prohibited him, verbally, to put an even single hair in that room when she is there. Draco had argued with her about that, but she always won him over, so we could say she had the last word always. Draco knew though, knew that she was right and having him there would just be a distraction and those were the last things she needed inside there.So he just heard her cry and blame herself. The water was growing colder, but that didn't matter to any of the two. The bathtub seemed to fill even more with any tear she lets fall.

"Is okay, Leevy, I'm here," he whispered caressing her hair while she sobbed on his shoulder. Her hair was wet and her legs circling him.

"I a-am," she sobbed, "I — I d-don't want t-to do this any–more," and her tiny hands clung to his wet clothes even more as now her forehead pressed his chest.

"I know you don't, Leevy," he sighed kissing her forehead. "You are amazing, okay?""I am not," she cried out tightening her grip before surrounding him with her hands and unintentionally nail him with her nails. "I — I'm s-so scared, Draco.""I am, too, Leevy," he said. "But you are so brave for being there alone and keep fighting."

"You a-are saying tha-that to m-make me fe-feel b-better," and Draco didn't know if his clothes were all wet for the water or her tears.

"No," he shook his head. "I'm saying that because it's true, you trust me?" she nodded jerkily. "I love you, Leevy, I would never lie to you, so trust me when I say you are the bravest person I know." They were silent for a few minutes, but not because they wanted to sleep, but for peace. He knows all they need right now is some peace and air to catch and breathe.Air that if he came first to him, he was willing to refuse and die from suffocation just to give it to her."I'm hungry.""Wow, that's a miracle," he scoffed before giving her a spank making her jump because she was really falling asleep again. "Get up," he said, sitting on the bed again and passing his hands through his face."It was necessary?" She complained placing a hand on the place he had spanked her before turning over and falling out of the bed.Draco burst into laughter and she took off her middle finger.A while later, the blond took the clothes Leevanna would wear that day out of the drawers and put it on the bed, as he usually did. It was a custom that he had acquired over the years they had been together, as well as brushing her hair or feeding her while she was reading. There were times when he bathed her himself while she hugged him.She is like a doll he has to take care of.A doll which he has to be aware all the time.He had sworn not to take his gaze away from her once again so as not to hurt her again.That had caused him to become even more possessive with her in every sense. The only moment they were separated was when one of them went to the bathroom.They didn't fight anymore — at least not big ones, just a few glares and sarcastic words —, because they didn't have the mental strength for that, but he continued to keep that mania of ignoring her for hours until she cried or yelled, and she still liked making him mad.She is his, after all. He could do whatever he wanted to do with her.And she could do whatever she wanted with him because he is hers.When they spoke, there wasn't a 'me' anymore, it was a 'we' or 'he and I' and 'she and I'.There were not individual opinions, both thought the same even if the other wasn't aware of what was happening. No discussion about that.Nobody had taught them how love works if the things they did were right... If it was safe if it wasn't the wrong way if it was okay that both possessed the other but —...That's how things worked for them.And the thought it was fine, it was their way.But the problem was that Draco knew that he couldn't protect her from everything that happened around them. He knew that she wasn't connected to him as if they were the same one person.It's not that he was stupid or ignorant.He knew that something could happen to them at the moment they least expected. What had happened at the beginning of the year was an excellent example.He knew that she could... die.The fear they had of The Dark Lord was not comparable to the fear that caused him to know that she could die. Nothing could be compared to that fear.He didn't want to admit it, that the conversation he'd had with Michael, the Psycho Healer, about he being afraid of Leevanna leaving just like his father had done years ago, had its true part. All was true.But Michael was a little bitch. He couldn't be right. He refused to say bloody Michael had the right diagnostic.Draco turned his head in the direction of the open bathroom door. She had been there for fifteen minutes and he only could hear the water pouring.He left whatever it was that he was doing and walked to the door to see if something was happening to her.The personal space between them does not exist, it never did. A long time ago they quit being individual persons.He smiled when he saw her under the water watching a little ladybug that on her hand, maybe it had leaked through a window.Yeah, she was still a little girl.His little girl. Just his, nobody else's.He would always take care of her, he would run away with her if she asked him that and hide in the most remote place. He would fulfil each and every single one of her necessities and whims. He would always be there for her and listen to her. He will gladly break his heart for her over and over again. For her he would bleed himself dry.

A few seconds later, the tiny insect flew to the wall, which made her react and finish removing the conditioner from her hair. She hadn't realised his presence.He looked through her whole wet body.He started at the top of her head following with her now black hair, then passed to her pretty face: her eyes closed, her small button nose, her plump red lips, her chin, jawline, rosy cheeks.Her hands passed over her face and then hugged herself sliding them down her shoulders slowly. Her thin arms and small hands.Then he continued through her neck, her collarbones, her tender breasts and nipples. Her flat abdomen, her waist, hips, ass, and thick legs. Not a single one of her curves was lost.Nothing in her body had changed, everything was normal. He felt relieved.When she closed the key of the water, he took one of the towels and put it on her face."How long have you been there?" She asked passing the cloth through her face to dry it. She didn't care that he had been staring at her, but she liked to ask. She loves to know he is there for her, that he is always observing her."You had a tiny ladybug in your hand," he replied by taking the towel from her hands and drying her hair. Her arms surrounded his body as he left a kiss on her forehead and kept drying her curls.Half an hour later, he was finishing putting on his black suit while he saw her put on the black skirt that was on the bed, which was glued and reached a little lower than half of her thighs. Among all the people at Hogwarts, they were the only ones who didn't wear uniforms. Privileges they didn't want to have.Draco reviewed his gaze throughout her body, seeing her place the black blazer he had left on the bed for her.She could die.When they arrived at The Great Hall, the silence overwhelmed them completely.There were no more laughter between the tables, no screams of happiness, or people running from here to there with a smile. There was no happiness at all.The atmosphere was grey, literally.Hogwarts was no longer that place full of life where they both had once grown up. The walls no longer seemed to gleam and keep secrets that were whispered in the hallways outside of class. The paintings that once used to talk to nineteen to dozen now didn't even bother to even glance when someone passed by. The plants in the greenhouse were wilting with a breath and everything seemed quieter and quieter every day.Depressive.Leevanna was the first to sit in front of Lhu, then passed her hands through her face trying to remove the exhaustion she had."Do you think if I complain about the food they would prepare it better?" Lhu asked without taking her gaze off her plate."They're going to kick your face," answered the green-eyed crossing her arms on the table. She frowned when she saw a small thread of blood on her lips. "What's in your face?""Alecto, that bitch," she growled in response before pushing the plate aside with her hand. "I refuse to torture first-years.""Don't provoke them, Lhu," Draco sighed looking around the table. "Have you already talked to your parents?""I provoke them as much as I want," she replied. "And no, I haven't talked to them yet," she sighed rubbing her eyelids with her fists. "I don't even want to talk to them, I hate those bitches.""Lhu, don't seek for them to hurt you," Leevanna begged her. "They have no mercy and don't care who you are," she sighed. "If it weren't for Severus, he and I would be on their blacklist too.""I know, I know," the girl snorted running her hands through her face. "I just can't help it.""If you talk to your mother, she may tell you that you can miss classes too.""I can do it, in fact, I don't even have to be here," she confessed. "I'm just going crazy in that manor," continued Lhu crossing her arms over the table. "I need to do more than wanting to kill myself or trying to use Apparition to go with the twins," and her gaze got lost for a second before returning to her best friend. "At least the classes help.""Have you talked to Luna?" Leevanna muttered."Yes, she told me that their side is fine," responded Lhu. "Their hope seems stupid to me, but if they're okay, I'm okay.""Do you know if she lacks anything?""Leev, she doesn't hate you," she remarked. "You know each other forever, it's impossible for her to hate you," she smiled softly. "She knows you didn't have another option."Leevanna shrugged in her seat and then shook her head. Draco passed an arm around her waits to attract her more to him knowing that she wasn't so secure about what Lhu said."You know, when I said that Slytherin deserved more respect and privileges, I didn't mean those bloody Death Eaters were brought to me," Lhu joked."It was for you to let us know earlier," Draco chuckled making Leevanna smile. ༄ Leevanna's body trembled.But not because she was scared, because of pain. A lot of pain that was making her insides burn and feel so light as a feather."Draco..." murmured still against the wall. The tears had begun to crystallise her vision."Shut up," he snapped angrily still without looking at her.His hands pressed the desk with strength and his back was tense. His whole body was tense. The black shirt he was wearing looked too tight on his body.She opened her mouth but decided not to say anything and closed it instantly.It was better if she didn’t say anything. She knows it.A few hours ago they had decided to go to class, for the first time in the month.And they wouldn't go again.The Defence against Dark Arts course had become a course that taught Dark Arts and was given by Amycus Carrow, a Death Eater that fascinated teasing Leevanna.They maybe could and would respect her and her opinions when they have meetings together with Lord Voldemort to plan strategies and such, but out of that dining room, the things were pretty nasty between the members. Her authority there was questioned behind her back though they knew she was more intelligent than any of them.Dolohov might be under the watch of the Dark Lord for his ineptness, but the Carrow brothers liked to take the girl out of their squares. Especially Alecto.And she couldn't help answering. "If you weren't under Severus' protective wing, I would do many things with you," Alecto spit holding her arm tightly. "Little princess."

"At least I'm not a smelly cunt who doesn't get fucked well," Leevanna responded. She had earned a slap that resonated throughout the whole classroom making several of the presents there to jump. Leevanna had returned it to her, causing Alecto to take out her wand and whisper 'Crucio'.The green-eyed one had fought for two minutes to stand without showing a single grimace of pain or a wince, and when she was about to start crying or twisting in pure pain, Draco had appeared to get her out of there.When they had arrived at their room, she was finally able to wince... And he had yelled her for twenty minutes in a row.But he wasn't angry with her — well maybe a little. A tiny bit of a little.He was angry because she didn't measure the fatality of her actions, they had hurt her, and he hadn't been there to prevent it because he had been talking with Severus about, ironically, her safety in the castle.Draco placed one hand on his hip and passed the other through his hair leaving a strand or two toppling over his brown bones gently. He was frustrated."Listen to me," he began turning to see her, she looked up slowly. "Stop looking for a lawsuit with Alecto.""I had to defend myself," she replied lowly by passing a hand through her arm. Her body hurt."AND THEY FUCKING CRUCIO YOU!" He yelled, making her jump. He went to her and took her chin abruptly tightening her cheeks with his fingers. "Do you think it's funny to get yourself hurt?" She denied and he tightened his grip digging his nails a little. "The next time they won't even use the Cruciatus curse, they're able to kill you!"His big body emitted pure heat and she looked like a jelly trembling under him."It hurts..." she murmured after a couple of seconds referring to the grip on her chin. Small tears had accumulated in her eyes."Fuck — sorry, sorry," he hurried it and passed a hand through his hair. "Come, I'm not going to do anything to you," he reassured her by passing an arm through her neck to attract her to him."Are you angry?" She asked surrounding him with her arms while he had his chin on her head and caressed her hair. "With me? For answering.""A bit," he sighed. "But it was a good insult," he chuckled."I said the first thing that came to my head," she chuckled against his shirt.Draco separated from her and took her chin delicately to examine her face."It hurts?" He asked and she denied with her head while he kept observing her skin. "We're definitely not going back to classes."She nodded. There was no discussion about that. She agrees with him in everything.A few minutes later, both were sitting in bed. She read and he watched her while he fed her with ice cream. He had taken his shirt out and changed his dress pants for black sweatpants. 

  I just realised that this huge mansion was never a real home, is a house, not a home.

  I never managed to turn it into one.

  Yesterday I entered my Leevanna's room, I swear I could hear her laughter. She's an excellent painter. There's even a canvass of me! I didn't expect that.

  I also found several notebooks full of different types of flowers and drawings. I imagined her in her sitting on bed deciding which flower was most beautiful, although knowing her, she should think they're all.

  I wish things had been different. "Do you have a painting of your mother?" he asked seeing her long, black as night hair cascaded down her back in curly rivulets."It's a portrait of her," Leevanna replied shrugging while he left the ice cream pot on the nightstand. "I saw her having tea once in the garden and decided to paint her," she sighed. "At that moment I didn't admit it, but she looked so fucking pretty."She sighed again and closed the notebook.Draco began to braid her hair caressing her back skin with his fingertips intentionally. That relaxed her. He knows.When he finished, he looked at her back for a moment.His mind wandered through the features of her small body. His eyes travelled to her hands, which left the diary on one side delicately.He wondered if maybe...He knew Leevanna, for many years now. He knew what she could take and what she couldn't, so the idea that had been around his mind for days seemed quite intriguing.Although he knew that she was gonna say yes.When they went to Russia, Moscow to be more specific, she had done something that Draco had seen her do many times. But that time, like never before, what she had done, had ignited something in her brain that did not turn off even with water, it seemed to grow every day. Watching her play with herself had been one of the experiences he had most enjoyed.When they both had sex, it usually started with dirty talk on his part, provoking her with words that his lips whispered in her ear and knew they caused all kinds of sensations in her within. Then his hands began to do magic with her, caressing her and playing with her while he kept whispering dirty things to her.Draco had thought about it for some time now and, while he loved being inside her, filling her completely with his cum and watching her melt and shudder under or on top of him, the orgasm was not caused by that, but by watching her enjoy herself in all kinds of ways.Pleasing her pleases him.And she loves to please him in whatever it was, in any kind of thing."Leevanna," he called passing his fingertips through her waist."Hm?""Can you try something for me?" And current passed through her body when she felt his hot breath in her ear. Oh, she loved when he talked in her ear, especially after getting angry."Wha-What is it?" She asked lowly closing her eyes and feeling his fingers travelling her skin gently."Just answer," he muttered before kissing her shoulder skin.   "Yes.""Go to the desk and open the second drawer," he ordered her removing his hands from her. She obeyed and stood up from the bed.His eyes travelled through her body, she only wore a lace white bralette and underwear that matched. Her pale skin was the perfect colour for him, the perfect texture and everything. He loves caressing her and hearing her chuckle when she shudders because he tickled her. Though, her green, glassy eyes was that pulled him under every time.Her eyes were emeralds, glittering in the silver moonlight, making every other diamond and crystal ashamed. Were the colour of forest's leaves with speckles of sunlight glowing through. They were shining and strange in their beauty.The spark isn't always there to be seen though, he knows, at times, it gets hidden behind a dark worrisome cloud.His brain cannot fathom a colour to describe the exact colour of her eyes, sometimes they shine with love, sometimes care, sometimes anger, and sometimes pure bliss.Her eyes when looking into his can make him feel the deepest of emotions and they also carry that power to heal.She opened the drawer and took the black satin bandage between her hands, then returned to bed sitting with her back to him and gave him the fabric.He took it and placed it over her eyes and then tied it behind her head. Depriving her of any of her senses was one of his favourite games.She gulped."Today... I'm not going to fuck you," he whispered in her ear, which made her frown. "We're going to play something different."His voice... His fucking voice was so deep and reassuring that was driving her crazy already.Draco's voice conveys authority. The sound emanating from his six foot two and a half inches stature commands attention. It is unmistakable. She knows.At its most pronounced it feels like a whip against dewy skin. Slicing quickly, stinging. At its most tender, it feels like the air created by the wings of mating monarch butterflies.His most heartfelt laughter twirls in the air and tickles your nose, but you will miss it if you're not paying mind.The power his words had over her was better than sex itself, so she didn't hesitate and nodded. Letting the sound stroke every one of her senses."I love you hair, you knew?" He said again in her ear. He wasn't even touching her and her skin had already reacted. "It's so silky, soft, thick..."And her mind couldn't help but wander among memories."I need you to listen to me..." he whispered. "Just my voice... Can you do that for me?"She let out a small, shaky breath before nodding slowly."You are not going to speak... Unless I say so," she nodded again. Her breath was starting to get out of control — and he hadn't even touched her.So, when he put his finger's yolk on her waist, a current travelled all over her body making her bit her lip."Little touches, which turn into bigger ones..."He caressed the curves of her waist delicately, leaving not a single pore untouched."Your skin is so soft..." he whispered against her ear making her tremble while his fingers travelled through her shoulders and arms. "...And you smell so good..." then his breath hit her skin before pressing his lips, like a brush.The things he had her already imagining... Lord have mercy.He knew what he was doing, he knew the power he had over her.The things that provoked on her with the most simple touch. He had her in the palm of his hand. And that made him feel powerful. He liked the power, especially the one he had over her.He had a lot of power over her, in every decision she could make or thought she could think.It was like they were the same person."It's fascinating, don't you think?" He muttered caressing her hands. "Once the thought is there... The things you're imagining..."He observed each of her reactions: the way her breathing was ragged, her goosebumps, how her body anxious for another touch.He had wondered many times if it was okay to posses someone the way he did it with Leevanna and the way she did with him.But it didn't really matter to him."I want you to imagine something... Can you do that for me?" His voice low; she nodded silently and slowly. She always did what he told her to. "I want you to imagine a long dark passageway, any passageway..." his lips were now over her jawline. "Only illuminated by a thick red light, like a humid and dark glow..." his fingers slowly tracing up her arms.Leevanna let her imagination guide her by what he was saying. The passage reminded her of that of an abandoned but luxurious mansion. The paintings hanging on the walls were completely black and the red light reflected throughout the place."Now... I want you to walk through that passageway... Walking slowly, curiously... Your body guiding you..." She saw herself, as he described her. In the fantasy, she wore a long transparent black robe and underwear. "...The light comes from a room at the end of the passageway... You keep walking... Intrigued by you can find..." and she moved her head when his lips fluttered over her skin as butterfly's wings. "You feel someone watching you as you walk..."In her mind, all her defences lowered the guard. It was like a lucid dream.She liked the way this was going.The eyes which looked at her in the fantasy made her shudder softly."...You turn over, but you don't find anyone... But you can feel a presence..." the yolk of his fingers slipped through her thighs, which made her release a small ragged sigh. He pulled away from his hands from her at that moment. "You're in front of the room... You enter, looking for those eyes that observe you..."Leevanna's body began to send signals everywhere, concentrating an intense itching between her thighs. The pressure and empty aching she loves."In the middle of the room, there is a bed... And sitting on it is that person... He's waiting for you..." his lips kept almost brushing the skin of her neck. "You can't see his face because everything looks dark, but he can see you... He can see you perfectly..." his hot breath made her fingertips shiver. "The light plays in your favour and lets you see his eyes, penetrating eyes that study each part of your body... Can you picture that for me?"She nodded as the pool between her legs was growing."Everything in his presence tells you that he's hungry to touch you... To feel you... And you want the same thing..." She couldn't move, her body was beyond anxious, but she couldn't move. "In a second, he stands up from the bed and walks towards you... He's behind you... Anxious to touch you, to feel your breathing accelerate at his touch."She bit her lower lip imagining everything perfectly."Leevanna..." and his lips and voice were back to her ear. "Do you want him to touch you?"And she wanted to scream 'Please'.She wanted to feel his large and big hands all over her body. And he knew that.He knew all the things she was imagining right now. All the things he could — and would — do with her and she wouldn't complain.She nodded slowly, letting escape a small ragged groan from her lips by feeling that itching between her thighs that was driving her insane growing.He knew how to play."I need you to tell me verbally..." tongue darting up the shell of her ear before speaking again, "Do you want him to touch you?""Yes..." and her voice came out like a needy breath when she answered lowly. She couldn't breathe without shaking.The robe on her body had disappeared in the fantasy."He's still behind you... But makes no move to turn you around... Then he places his hands on your hips, making you gasp for air..." she felt the yolk of his fingers back oh her skin, like a brush near her hip bone. His body came closer to her. "You can feel the heat of his body against yours... His hands travelling all your waist making you shudder..." Leevanna felt how he passed his fingers across her waist and then down her thighs.She felt his rings pressing her skin and his fingers travelling across her thighs. Her pulse was rising."He touches you right here..." he whispered in her ear placing his hand on her belly. "His body pressing yours as he leaves a kiss on your neck..." and he does what he says." Then another..." warm lips pressing and creating a path. "And another..." now he is against her jawline. "He wants to own you so bad and that makes him caress your thighs gently until he reaches your underwear and starts playing with it..." he is doing everything his lips let escape in whispers. "He wants to pin you against the bed, open your thighs wide and stand between them..."A gasp left her mouth when his hand travelled down placing itself above her underwear."...Would you like that?" he is back to her ear. "...Be pinned against the bed with him between your open thighs?"If she wanted that? He could make her his sexual sleeve if he wanted to."Yes..." she breathed, feeling how he slowly placed his other hand on her waist drawing her to him.Her back collided with his chest."His hand make its way to your neck, pressing his fingers against your tender skin..." and she couldn't help but let escape a small moan of her lips when she felt her finger making little spirals on her inner thigh, making him chuckle softly against her jaw. "...He wants to make you moan in pleasure while he touches you... While he touches sensitive parts of your body..." his voice was a whisper. "...Do you want him to make you moan? Do you want him to touch that spot between your thighs?""Yes..." her voice came out as a plea."Now you're pinned against a wall of slits, your hands tied..." and he leaves a soft kiss near her ear. "His breathing against your neck while he passes his hands through your thighs and then kisses your lips delicately... Can you picture that for me?" She nodded feeling the air failing her. His hand was so close to that combination of nerves. "You are completely exposed to him... All your body..."She moaned softly feeling his hand making its way to her underwear again."Please..." she begged. It was barely audible, but she knew he could hear her. She didn't know where to grab, she felt like she was floating.The agony he was making her feel was incredible."Give me your hands," he whispered and she obeyed feeling how he grabbed her wrists.She frowned softly not feeling anything... But then he guided their hands to her knees and spread her thighs little by little making her arch her back."That's it..." he whispered. "Lay on me."He slid their hands through her inner thighs slowly, not missing a single pore.Then he stopped very close to her there."Ah..." she whispered in a breathy whimper as her back arched a little feeling her own fingers on her heat while he grabbed her hand. Their lefts hands did not move."He makes you pant at every touch he gives you... Makes you want to explode at that moment..." his hand guiding the movements of her fingers, rubbing the wet fabric slowly. He was enjoying seeing her so much. "He's touching you right... There..." he whispered guiding her fingers to her clit. "... In the right place... With enough pressure..."Her back arched a little more when she felt his fingers press hers harder, her hips bucked softly against their hands."He enjoys giving you pleasure... All the pleasure of the world... just to see you..." and then he entered their hands under her underwear making her moan a little bit louder. "He's whispering things in your ear... Dirty things that make you moan for him... Do you like that? Him making you moan?" She nodded arching her back as he pressed his fingers against hers. "He wants you to cum... Will you do that for him?"She bit her lower lip helplessly.He guided their other hands to her waist and pressed her skin with them as the movements of their finger became frenzied. He was making her hit her clit hard repeatedly, her hips bucking softly against their hands.She winced when he pulled away from their hands of her clit, but then he started giving little blows with them."Ah! Holy fuck—" she breathed feeling their fingers rubbing her clit again in a frenzied way.He pulled away and returned to her clit repeatedly.It was a way to torture her."...Are you gonna cum for him?" He asked again and she nodded quickly as the back of her head rested on his shoulder. She moaned weakly when he pressed her fingers against her entrance. "He tells you that you're a good girl... You like it when she tells you that you're a good girl... Right?""Yes... Ah..." she moaned feeling how he pushed her finger into her entrance but not introducing it.He was extremely good at torturing her."How bad you want him to be completely inside you? Tell me... How bad do you want it?" His voice was like a purr. "...How bad do you want him to bury inside you until you scream in pain?""Badly... So badly... " she moaned in a beg. "Ah... Please...""That's it..." he whispered on her ear. He freed her hand and instantly introduce his finger inside her. "Don't take away your eyes from him... He wants to watch the look in your eyes while you unravel..." Soon he introduced another finger inside her and started taken them in and out slowly. "You are so tight... He loves it so much..." her back arched more, his hot breath hitting her neck. His voice was so calm and lowly, taunting her. "... He is between your thighs, holding your hips tightly..."His fingers fucking her harder and roughly as her fluids lubricated all her pussy.He took his fingers out completely and then immersed them without warning at once. He repeated that action a few times."Fuck—" she whimpered in a whisper feeling herself reaching the climax. Her walls starting tightening around his fingers.The fantasy was a whole separate world and she was enjoying feeling both parts of the pleasure, on in her mind and the other in reality.It was a very powerful game."...Did you know that you can edge a girl for hours and leave her right on the cusp of orgasm?" He said dangerously in her ear making her gasp for air; his thumb started to do circular rubs against her pulsating clit. "You can just... Hang there... Do you want him to do that to you again?""N-No..." she fought to breathe. "... Please... No..."His thumb moved faster at every second that passed: linearly or circularly. His fingers reaching deeper.Then, the movement of the fingers inside her stopped, making her wince."...You want to cum, Leevanna? ... Do you want to cum for him?" He muttered again pressing his hand on her waist and rubbing his thumb faster and roughly. The fingers inside her still without movement."Yes... Oh, God—" Leevanna stuttered. She was fighting so bad to stop the shaking in her legs and be able to breathe.With his thumb, he stroked her clit, rubbing it in a coaxing, circular motion. Massaging it.The movements became slower and tortuous and then faster and violent.The words he was saying... The things he had made her imagining..."Please—" she implored wanting him to move his fingers inside her."...Who are you talking to? ... Who is going to make you cum right now?" His voice still so calm and low, but roughly and dangerous. "Scream his name..." Her hips bucking against his hand.She could feel his hard and big erection against her back... And that was driving her mental. She wanted to feel him, all of him inside her... She wanted him to make her scream like every other night. She wanted him to thrust all his dick mercilessly until he made her scream of pain.Oh, she was so on the edge."You... Draco..." she moaned looking desperately for the sheets under her to hold to something.And yes, he was expecting that answer. He knew that only he could make her cum.He knew that, if she had any kind of fantasies, it was only with him.And he loves that.She chocked on a moan when his fingers starting finally moving inside her, in and out, everything in a tortuous way."Then cum for me like the good girl you are..." he whispered before leaving a small kiss on her neck; his finger moved faster. The blond introduced his fingers deeper, reaching her most sensitive point, hitting it. "...I know you want to cum for me so bad..." He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, listening to her delirious moans of pleasure. "Cum for me, Leevanna..."Her whole body started shaking, sending all the signals to finally release.His fingers began to go in and out of her faster."Oh! God—..." she wailed feeling her walls tightening even more around his fingers, they were very deep inside her, just in the precise point. She felt an explosion between her legs and her whole body spasmed hard making her arch her back wildly; it had been like the explosion of a volcano. She groaned before biting her lip as she enjoyed riding the orgasm his fingers had made her reach.He came out of her making her wince a little.Then both of his hands pressed her waist as she felt her breathing coming back to normal little by little after two good minutes of heavy panting and breathy moans."You look so glorious..." he whispered in her ear before leaving a kiss on her neck nipping her skin. His arms surrounded her waist drawing her closer to him while the back of her head rested on his shoulder while she tried to catch air. "Did that felt good? Did you like it?""Very much..." she breathed feeling the yolk of his fingers caress the curves of her waist.He started leaving kissed all over her neck.She chuckled softly when he tickled her in a way to pamper her."You are a very good girl, did you know that?" He complimented in her ear smiling; his arms still surrounding her waist. "My little girl."And she couldn't help blush at his words."You give me a kiss?" She asked while he turned her around leaving her sitting on him.He tangled his fingers in her hair and brought her face closer to his to kiss her possessively.He was a dragon, the most dangerous of all, surrounded by fire and burning lava that fills the void of an abyss, a litmus test to reach the base of the castle, one full of traps to reach the acclaimed treasure. The gold and heart of the deepest part of the castle, hidden in the highest tower, the princess who sleeps under a eternal spell.But she is no princess, he knows. She is the Queen. His QueenAnd the dragon protects the Queen. She is his Queen. He is her dragon.She was his.His treasure. His gold, heart and mind.

And that was never going to change.

Draco's eyes were full of tears, as were his cheeks."Leev—"   "No," she interrupted.He huffed and placed his left arm over his closed eyes once again. Maybe they could do drugs again, that would help — but no, they couldn't go back to those times. Leevanna had even been — no, just — no.Draco had promised to never hurt her again. He wouldn't dare to do that.They were already in winter, the spells and things they do to try and calm the fucking thing in their arms would last longer. That was something good. Winter was good. Extremely good. Winter was heaven.She rushed to wet the towel again and flicked her wand to make appear ice to placed it on the centre of the fabric, making a kind of bag. Then she went back to bed and crawled to his side. She needs to do something. Needs to relieve his pain somehow to relieve hers."Fuck," he growled closing his eyes tightly while she passed the towel delicately over his arm's skin.She was doing it the most delicate she could do it, it was barely the touch a watercolour brush has over the blank canvas, but for Draco was deathly painful and tortuous. The weight of tears made his head hurt and a ringing resonate in his ears.The mark.The fucking Dark Mark that made him want to rip his arm off no matter what.It was like burning from the centre of his body. It feels like his whole body is submerged in scalding hot water that ripped out his skin. The shadowy, black serpent and skull etched into his left forearm glistered danced thrillingly over his pale skin. Making fun of him with each movement that seemed a laugh at his pain.It was half-past midnight and Leevanna had woken up when she felt Draco's arm pressing against her abdomen while he was huffing between dreams.She thought it was a nightmare and that he was trying to look for her, but when her nostrils felt the smell of the flesh burning and she got up as fast as she could.Her mark had also begun to hurt, but she had to take care of him first. He was always first than herself.To be honest, the mark burned and stung like a fucking bitch all the fucking time, so they spent long hours with frozen gauzes on their arms to relieve it. But there were moments in what was simply agonizing.This was one of those moments.The mark had been tormenting them for several days and it was starting to keep them wide-awake at night until the skies paint itself with red, blue and yellow lights.Nothing could help. Not the alcohol, nor the spells Severus had taught them. Fucking nothing.They are prisoners to the mark.Draco had done a lot of things to get it off, from scratching and rubbing with the scissors' blade to try and rip out his skin. And Leevanna — oh, holy Merlin... Leevanna had even cut herself until she was over the edge of death and its sweet caress whispered things to her."Just — fucking — God..." he grunted, trying to control the desire to push her aside and scratch his arm until he left it in the pure bone."Don't you dare," she breathed before tightening her lips and sighing. "Don't you dare to push me."She pressed the towel on his skin.For Draco it felt as if she was mashing his arm over a turned on grill with the blissed shapes pf flames jumping and dancing everywhere. His brain even made him saw imaginary vapour being ejected from his insides."Stop it," he growled sitting on the bed. "Just — Stop..." he took her wrist before she could say something. "Stop, please... Stop.""I — I can't leave it— Draco...""Leevanna... Stop..." he begged and she nodded crawling to reach him.She pressed her lips sitting on him. Her eyes burned and were filled with small tears that soon slipped down her cheeks."I need — there must be something—""It's fine..." he reassured her by supporting his head on the headboard and attracting her to him making her support her cheek on his chest, his knees held her. "We're fine..."His arms surrounded her and his hand caressed her hair gently while pressing his lips to avoid screaming by the pain in his arm that meanders around his veins, making blood explosions, penetrates his muscles, and melts his whole with ease not even caring about his bones trying to fight it. He knew that she was feeling the same, that she was avoiding screaming as well. The cold travelled every part of their bodies, but that was fine. It was comforting.

The Black Lake's silence in the middle of the night was comforting.

She was the first to take her head out of the water and swim to him, he took her waist with his hands before sinking them both.

They were in the middle of the water, floating.

The cold in their bodies was comforting. She let out a ragged sigh before supporting the palms of her hands on his back.And she wondered if he needs her at that moment. Not only her presence, that was daily, every second.If he needs her.But she didn't know how to ask him.Because she didn't know how to express her emotions in the right way. She had started to work on that with Georgia, but their sessions had been cut off abruptly.She didn't know if it was okay either, no one had never drawn a line for them.Maybe they only needed to sleep. They couldn't though, it was impossible not to have dreams that were infested by the evil ink of the mark."Draco..." she called him in a low tone."Hm?" He responded with his eyes closed still caressing her hair."Do you need me?" She asked."What do you mean?""Do you need me?""I'm always going to need you," he frowned still with his eyes closed. What the hell was she talking about?Of course, he needed her, she was his life. She is always going to be his life.She slowly separated from him and leaned her hands on his chest, he still didn't open his eyes.The green-eyed stuck a little more to him and rested her lips on his softly.He pressed his lips against hers and there was a small sound when he returned her kiss, and another was heard when he opened his mouth to catch her lower lip, among his own. She felt the humidity of his saliva and licked her lips with pleasure, anxious; he noticed and repeated the suction, but this time he licked her gently, before biting her.She opened her mouth, docile, and he put his tongue inside; she threw her arms into his neck, entangling her fingers between his blond, light, silky hair, and he took her by the back of her neck deepening the kiss.He frowned softly while still kissing her.If he needed her? She was referring to — oh."Leevy..." he breathed against her lips as she kissed him once more. "Leevy, what—""You need me and I need you," she breathed cutting him off before he continued talking.And he took her by the waist, attracting her more to his body. Taking the sides of the black shirt she was wearing, making fists by the sides and tightening them to keep her close.Yeah, they didn't know another way to show affection, a way to reassure the other without touch or giving pleasure. "What does George do when you're sad or having a bad day?" Leevanna asked out of nowhere.

"Oh — Um," Lhu replied, leaving her clothes to one side. They were in their fourth year. "He hugs me, or buys me sweets or makes me laugh with a joke."

Leevanna nodded slowly.

"But! It's his way," Lhu hurried. "You — You don't have to do that, you — you can —... Um..."

"Can we be in silent?"

"Yes! You — You can, it's okay," Lhu smiled.

"Oh, okay," she muttered getting up and walking towards the door.

"Leev," the girl called, she turned around. "Everyone cares about someone in a different way, you don't have to follow a protocol... You don't have to be like the rest," continued Lhu. "You don't have to hold hands if you don't want to. You can create a way to show you care if you want to."

"Oh... Thanks, Lhu," Leevanna smiled and Lhu nodded before she left the room. And they had created a way.A very estrange one, but they had."You are mine," he said against her lips pressing his fingers on her waist. "You are so fucking mine.""And I will always be," she murmured before she brought their lips together again.She gasped as a complain when one of his hands moved away from her waist, leaving her. But then, that hand went up to her neck, pressing his rings against her tender skin. And she knows his intention isn't leaving her skin, if not to warm every part of it.His kisses went down the curve of her lips, then to her chin reaching her neck, his lips leaving wet kisses on her skin, sucking it until he left little purple marks.His hand slid through her shoulders, then her chest until it pressed one of her breasts making her let go of a small groan.Draco lowered his hands until he left them on the sheets while his lips returned to hers.Leevanna lowered her arms and caressed the back of his hands with hers softly, then his turned, intertwining them.Both stopped their kiss and pressed their foreheads keeping their eyes closed."You feel good?" She asked him feeling his hands holding hers tightly. "Draco?""Just... I love you," he said in a whisper."My life..." she whispered."You..." he muttered. "I just love you."She melted."I love you," she said kissing his lips softly. "I love you," another kiss, "I love you," another. "I love you," another. "I love you," another. "I love you," and another.And maybe she just created another way."I'm always going to love you," she whispered by pressing their foreheads. "Do you understand me?" He nodded."Come here," he muttered by letting go of her hands and taking her waist to attract her to him. "I love you," a kiss on her lips. "I love you," a kiss on the curve of her lips. "I love you," a kiss on her jaw. "I love you," a kiss on her neck. "I fucking love you."And maybe he just completed it.Being romantic selves wasn't something that showed up very often. The word 'I love you' itself had a pretty big meaning, for Draco and Leevanna even more so. So they didn't say it very often except when it was exclusively very necessary.They felt that if they said it all the time it would be boring at some point and the meaning would no longer be the same. Somehow they understood that the word could be used. Like when you wear new shoes once and you like them so much that you wear them every day, as time goes by, they lose their shine and break and you need others.Both knew that the other loves them more than with their own lives, and they didn't need to say it to each other. They demonstrated they loved each other in other ways, other types of language, with actions and little things they knew it didn't feel forced. And that was sweet. Very sweet.Agilely, his fingers began to undo the buttons on the shirt and opened it leaving her skin exposed.He contemplated her for a moment, then directed his kisses towards her chest and then passed his tongue through the edge of her breasts. She entangled her fingers in his blond hair.His lips kissed her breasts' skin delicately, without missing a single pore of her soft skin. One of his hands went up to her waist until it reached her right breast, which he gently pressed before taking it to his mouth to bite her nipple gently.He directed his lips to the other, as did his hand, and he did the same procedure: kiss her soft skin, pass his tongue through the edge, and then bit her nipple.She caressed his chest skin and then held his cheeks gently.His eyes connected with hers.Stars.No, it wasn't stars.Galaxies.Universes.The fucking cosmos.His hands were in charge of sliding the shirt down her shoulders until he left her completely naked.All without taking his eyes off hers.Her hands caressed his chest again, slow, delicately, from the bottom to top; her fingers went up to his collarbones and then his neck.He was beautiful.And he was hers.Only hers."Mine," she whispered firmly."Yours," he whispered in the same way.His hand surrounded her neck to attract her to him and kiss her.Draco quickly changed positions leaving her on the bed feeling her hands lowering the elastic of his black sweatpants.His body was huge and she was a little thing under him."Look at you... Shuddering..." he said against her lips before kissing her neck. "All tiny pinned against the bed... Under me..." his warm breath colliding against her ear, then he bit her earlobe delicately.A gasp escaped from her lips when she felt his hands lowering the edges of her underwear until he took them off.His kisses went down her chest, kissing her breasts again before going down her abdomen reaching her belly.But she didn't want him to do that.She wanted him, inside her... Completely.She wanted the pain.Her hands took his cheeks before he kept going down. He looked up and she slowly denied.And then, he understood.Her favourite game.She pulled her hands away and he kissed her belly again biting her skin gently, then climbed up her abdomen repeating the same action.A moan escaped from her lips when she felt his hard and big erection pressing the skin of her pulsating heat.He bit her lower lip listening to her groans. She closed her legs a little.When the thick red liquid invaded the mouths of both, she rushed to take his lower lip between her teeth and she repeated the same action.Leevanna entangled her fingers in his hair attracting him more while kissing him intensely. His breathing soon became heavy as well. He supported a hand on her waist and pushed her down by brushing his tip on her wet entrance.Without hesitation, he immersed himself inside her completely.A shocked moan blended with pain and pleasure escaped her lips.She pressed her knees against his hips arching her back while a sharp pain travelled her belly until it reached her legs.He didn't move inside her, not yet.He observed each of her reactions seeing how the pain mixed with the pleasure in her small body until she soon buried her nails in his arms.On a groan, he came out a little of her and then thrust deeper and deeper into her, parting her roughly every time he pulled out and then forced his cock back in."Holy fuck—" she breathed arching her back.He separated from her and took her waist with both hands to push her more to his body. His hands took her knees by pinning them to bed to separate her legs, then rested his abdomen on hers again.Draco became unleashed.It was delicious torture, being stretched past her comfort but God... It felt so good.She enjoyed that torture so much.Draco took Leevanna's hand and intertwined it with his before pinning them above her head.Every thrust he gave was aggressive, frustrated, but full of lust.She breathed heavily as her head banged against the bed, holding his gaze as his hips pounded into hers furiously.His pace increased making her close her eyes as his thrusts became harder and more aggressive, immersing himself deeper and without mercy, as the tip nudged at something inside her.Draco was inside of her the deepest he could go now.His hand pressed hers on the bed, his breath tickling her face as he continued to pump into her, making them both groan against each other."Oh fuck..." She moaned, arching her back and biting her lip. He was hitting just the right spot.Roughly moving, pumping, thrusting.With every harsh thrust, she groaned, moving closer and closer to the edge and his breathing became erratic in her lips."All mine... Shit—" Draco babbled between thrusts, lost in his own pleasure."Oh, God — Fucking yes—" her eyes rolled back into her head yet again.She could not help the moans escaping her mouth."Scream like the good girl you are..." he breathed. "...Scream my name, Leevanna."Her back arched as a ragged moan escape her blood-rushed lips.Her pain game was The fucking Eden."Oh! Fucking Christ — Draco..." she cried out loudly with lust as he thrust deeper and roughly into her, crashing his hips with hers. In and out, their bodies collided and sank and moved.Her body kept bouncing underneath him, and he knew she would orgasm soon. She could feel it building."That's it..." he panted feeling how her slick walls started to tighten around his throbbing and hard dick. "...Are you going cum for me like a good girl?"And, when she just nodded, he thrust aggressively hitting the right spot inside her leaving her without air making her moan in pain and lust arching her back."Yes," she cried when the air returned to her.Draco growled softly and hoarsely against her lips feeling his body tense by the climax building inside him.Her body spasmed first.The climax previously built inside her exploded like a star within her being. It was born right at the precise point, in the centre, but had travelled all her limbs.Her thighs shook while her back arched as she came beautifully for him and him only.Still inside her, he thrust a bit deeper while she orgasmed and then his body liberated.A sheet of black seemed to sweep over his vision as all the tension in his dick spasmed inside her mixing fluids with her.Breathy moans escaped from their lips."You are— Fucking stunning," he gasped before leaving a soft kiss on her lips."I know that," she panted making him chuckle. ༄ "You are my princess," said George smiling before taking Lhu's hand to make her spin. Then he left a kiss on her forehead after caressing her cheek. She laughed.

Fred and Lee looked at them and then to Draco and Leevanna, who read on the grass sitting next to each other without even touching a bit.

"What are you two looking at?" Asked Draco without stop reading.

"Have you ever heard about the word 'affection'?" said Lee chuckling.

Both closed their books at the same time and looked at the boy frowning.

"You want the definition or...?" Said Leevanna without understanding.

"I'm sure that even Goyle knows how to spell it, Jordan," said Draco.

Fred and the other couple laughed while Lee glared him.

"What's so funny?" Asked Leevanna.

"When you are in a relationship, you show affection to the other person, in a romantic way," explained Fred. "You say compliments to the other."

"Like this," said George holding Lhu's hand to then kiss her cheek.

Draco and Leevanna looked at each other.

"It's necessary?" Both asked looking at their friends again.

"No — is like—" Lhu tried to search a word to describe it. "Spontaneous?" Both nodded slowly. "Forget it, just — keep reading," both nodded again obeying her. "Don't pressure them, guys," she sighed talking in a low tone. "In itself, it's difficult for her to hug me."

"I think we just teach them something new..." muttered Fred. "Look."

It wasn't the great sign of affection, but it was a good start: Draco's hand was on Leevanna's hand on the grass, then her hand turned, intertwining them. "Oh, so now is my fault?!""Yeah, pretty much," said Yaxley calmly.Leevanna laughed sarcastically."That you and your little friends are fucking dumb cunts is not my fault," her jaw clenched. "One job, one fucking job and yet here we fucking are!"They were in The Room of Requirement, in a Death Eaters' urgent meeting because all the things that had happened. Lord Voldemort wasn't there, if not in his confidential mission nobody knew about, though the green-eyed knew Severus could maybe know some details. But wasn't going to ask.Nagini wasn't there by consequence because the Dark Lord had sent her Merlin knew where, so Leevanna didn't have someone with she could have little chats with between little hisses nobody else understood."Oppugno, for Salazar's praised sake," she said slamming the table. "Fucking Oppugno!"And no more than fifteen daggers nailed themselves in the middle of the table and five others near Corban Yaxley's position.Leevanna was mad. Furious.Draco, with his back leaned on the chair's support and chin being held by his left thumb with his index finger against his cheek, slid his hand up her back to caress it for a second and try to calm her down. She was so angry that her face had turned rosy."You fucking had him fucking there," she spit between teeth. "In front of your fucking noses and you fucking lost him," her eyes didn't leave Yaxley's. "Now he hasn't even had fucking escaped if not that he fucking took with him that fucking necklace that is so fucking important.""You didn't plan a plan for things like those.""And what am I?! Your fucking babysitter?!" she frowned angrily. "First is Expelliarmus, then fucking Oppugno," her hands slid up her face before huffing. "If he fucking uses the Killing Curse should I expect that he is going to dominate the world?""Probably," shrugged Yaxley lazily.Leevanna closed her eyes and took a deep breathe to not kill him right there.He was getting her out of her senses."Fucking useless cunts you fucking are," she muttered between teeth before letting her body fall on her chair.Everything was going to the same shite.And the ones present in the room didn't know if they were more afraid of the Dark Lord or Leevanna Vaughan.She had thrown fucking knives and Corban Yaxley was still so calm that maybe you could say he was having tea in a normal spring afternoon while he reads the Daily Prophet and eats a biscuit or two.Now, the truth was that even though Leevanna seemed so mad and angry at the outside, in the inside she was dancing and celebrating that Potter and his friends hadn't been caught by the forces of the Ministry of Magic. She was very happy and, all her life being a mistress in hiding even the minimum emotion was helping her to simulate being mad.But she is also afraid.Because Lord Voldemort is really mad with each and every single one of them for the latest things. Especially for the necklace or whatever it was that the Potter boy had taken with him.Leevanna, with her elbows over the table, intertwined her hands and rested her forehead on them to then close her eyes and breathe.What could possibly be that necklace? Was it cursed? Was it—The Horcruxes.She narrowed her eyes and her eyes drifted everywhere over the table, where the big feat Potter made a few weeks ago was reproducing again as a hologram.Where she had seen that strange piece of jewellery before? She remembers reading about something or maybe hearing, seeing possibly... But where?Her mind started divagating throughout all the memories she had been recollecting through the years. Little pieces of information her brain had decided to keep to use as an answer when she couldn't decipher a riddle.And she thinks and thinks.Where she had seen that particular piece of jewellery before here at Hogwarts? 

"You were extremely drunk," Blaise rolled his eyes. "And you ate Jelly Slugs soon after."

"It was for better concentration and scientific research," she chuckled.

"Yeah, and then you passed out," he laughed making her roll her eyes.

"Imbecile," she huffed before a paint caught her attention. "What's that?" she pointed the golden jewellery decorating Salazar Slytherin's regal robes.

"Salazar Slytherin's Locket," said Blaise. "They said it has been missing for centuries," he sighed. "Anyways, want more Jelly Slugs?"

       Yes, I want more.But there was no time for Jelly Slugs, at least not at this moment.How a locket of heavy gold with an inlaid serpentine S in glittering green stone on the front had reached Dolores Umbridge fat neck?If it was so important for the Dark Lord he surely wouldn't have trusted a woman who chuckles and giggles as a clown on a scenario.It certainly had been a mistake. A little slip on the Dark Lord's plan as he was in his confidential mission. Like when the floor is slippery and you accidentally step on it but stand up immediately, no one notices except that they were paying close attention.Leevanna hadn't searched about Horcruxes before in her life. What she had said to Horace Slughorn a year ago had been a lie, she had never heard something like that for her parents' mouth. And she knows she had to look forward it to know why they are so important, at least to wonder and laugh at the Dark Lord's misery.Maybe in the Library of Malfoy Manor there is something that can help her."So what we do now?" sighed Alecto crossing her arms over her chest.Leevanna turned her head to look at Severus Snape, who was giving his back at the table and looking at the design of a wall in front of him. He hadn't talked in all the meeting and the green-eyed wondered what had him so unfocused or maybe pissed off for not even bothering to turn around."That if the Dark Lord doesn't kill us one of this days," said Amycus passing his hands up his face."What he did to Dolohov and Rowle?" asked Draco taking his glass of Fire whiskey to his mouth to drink it."Believe me, he is gonna do more than that to us," said Theodore Nott's father."Cruciatus?" Draco raised his eyebrows before drinking again."One week without rest," the blue-grey-eyed nodded at Nott's response. "Still without recovering.""Aayaa haassssehhh ehhhayaeehseyythaaseyythaahaa esseythassseythassss aayaassseyaa ayaeehseyythaa haaaahayaeehesseytha," hissed Leevanna lowly while closing her eyes.We could eat Jelly Slugs while that.And she laughed at her thoughts making the eyes of everyone drift to her."And now why are you laughing?" frowned Alecto."Because you are so fucking lost," laughed Leevanna. "You are—" she gasped, "—like those little ducks that lost their mummy," her hands covered her rosy face as she continued laughing. "He is going to kill us," and she took air deeply to calm herself."And that's why you're so happy about?" Yaxley raised an eyebrow."Yeah, pretty much," she smiled making Draco chuckle by her side. "How's the Muggle-Born Registration Commission going?" her back leaned on the chair's support and her arms crossed over her chest."We have half of Azkaban filled with filthy Mudbloods," answered Pansy Parkinson's father crossing his arms over his chest. "The interrogatories just need to be a little bit faster, that's all," Leevanna nodded."What with the ones who claim be Half-bloods?""Such a thing doesn't need to exist," said another Death Eater. "Mudbloods, blood traitors and Half-bloods are treated equally," the green-eyed nodded again.But it wasn't because she agreed, she couldn't do it. Leo Avalon and Daniell Jordan had been Half-bloods and she, if she had been able to, would have protected them from monsters like the ones seated on the chairs in front and around her. Severus Snape himself was a Half-blood."How the things are going with the Care Bears?" she frowned."We have one, or two, depending who they are, watchers marauding near their positions," said Lhu Oneyl's father and Leevanna nodded."None of them had tried to move," said the man's wife, Lhu's mother. "They glance at each other, as you said, but nothing out of the ordinary.""Good," she sighed. "Kingsley Shacklebolt, how's that?""Out of plane," answered Nott. "Not much to say," he sighed. "Probably still hidden like a little beetle under a leave and no new news," she nodded."Yaxley.""What?" the blond man raised an eyebrow before taking his glass of Dragon Tears to his mouth and drink it."How's Thicknesse going?" she asked."Being an excellent little bitch under the Imperius Curse," he grinned against his glass. "Who would have thought the little bitch was submissive cunt?"And several chuckles extended all along the dark wooden table, including Leevanna's and Draco's."Keep the bitch in its place," said the green-eyed. "Poor that wife of his, the little one must be crying because his husband likes Masters.""Don't think so," said Yaxley. "She may have discovered the blond ones are better snakes."More laughs extended along the table."Are you seriously fucking his wife?" laughed Leevanna."I should have some fun in that office of mine before sending Mudbloods to Azkaban, don't you think?" the man raised an eyebrow still smiling playfully."Cheers for that," she chuckled and both raised their glasses before drinking them."The Ministry of Magic," said Alecto. "What about that?""Diagon Alley and the Hogsmeade Village too," added his brother turning his face to look at her."Didn't we have guards everywhere?" frowned Draco."Yeah, but after Potter's filthy feat the people are glancing at each other," said Mr Parkinson. "Outside they may be scared but inside their little filthy homes the chats must be entertaining.""Gringotts is another place we need more security," said Lhu's mother."Put Dementors," shrugged Draco flicking his wand to make appear the creatures in the holograms. "We have them here at Hogwarts, shouldn't be difficult to put them in more places, right?""That's—" Leevanna frowned supporting her chin over the back of her hands. "That's brilliant, you are right," and she made appear a chessboard to start accommodating pieces surrounding the Queen."Surprised, aren't we?" the blond chuckled in her direction making her smile."Well, all yours," she said. "Tell were to put them."He sighed and grabbed his wand again to change the image of the plane and direct it to Hogsmeade."We put them here," he pointed a hidden corner nobody would notice. "And a few more up here," now his wand was pointing the sky over the small village. "They're gonna be attentive if someone tries to do stupid shit.""What we do with the ones who are going to be captured?" asked Theodore's father."That's on your own," said Draco raising his view to the man. He hates him, for all the things he had done to Theodore and continues doing to keep his son under his cruel chains."Continue with Diagon Alley," said another Death Eater."That's easier," answered Draco lowering his view to the planes over the table. "Knockturn Alley is taking every time more space, Snatchers and you yourselves are going there constantly," he continued. "Just one or two on the sky out of the sight and voilà.""And finally we have Gringotts," said Leevanna."I doubt someone could possibly enter there," he said turning to look at her. "But if you want they can ask for the wands to verify authenticity," Leevanna nodded. "For the Ministry of Magic every enter should be controlled by a guard under Imperius and that's all.""Now, now, look at that, Lucius' son is useful after all," mocked Amycus intertwining his hands over the table.Leevanna and Draco turned at the same time to look at him."Forgetting easily who killed Dumbledore, are we?" said Draco raising an eyebrow and the Carrow man raised his hands in surrender playfully. "Keep your tongue in its place, yeah?""Go back to your knitting y'all," sighed Leevanna leaning her back on the chair's support and crossing her arms over her chest. "And try to not fucking all up this time, yeah?""Whatever you say, princess," chuckled Alecto before standing up and leaving next to her brother. The other Death Eaters did the same as the now professor."Leev," the green-eyed turned her head when the voice of Lhu's mother leaked through her ears. The woman was standing by her side."Hi, Mis Oneyl," she said standing up to greet the woman with one kiss on the cheek. "Some problem?""No, isn't that," the woman sighed. "You did a good job today, those people seem to respect you.""Thanks," a sigh left the green-eyed's lips. She didn't want respect coming from those people, she wanted the majority to be dead."How's Lhu?" the woman asked."Doing fine," Leevanna answered. "She goes to class and all.""Good," the woman sighed. "Could you give her this for me?" Leevanna nodded taking the small box the woman was handing her. "Thank you, Leev, and be safe.""You too, Aura," Leevanna smiled and the woman repeated her action before walking towards his husband and leave."Today's meeting was fun," said Draco turning his head to the green-eyed as she sat down again."Fun?" she raised an eyebrow. "I threw daggers, Draco.""Yeah, exactly," and she laughed."Go going without me," she sighed. "I want to ask something to Severus.""Don't want me to wait for you outside?" he frowned as both stood up."Needn't," she shook her head. "I'll be fine, see you in the room," he nodded and then kept his hands in his pockets to leave.Leevanna sighed and kept the box Lhu's mother had given to her in her blazer's left pocket before starting to walk towards Severus Snape."Today you didn't cry," said the man when she stood next to him.She frowned. "How do you know— That son of a bitch," and the man chuckled. "Give me a couple of hours, maybe I'll cry later while I take a bath.""I'll wait a couple of hours," Severus nodded. "You seem to enjoy these meetings.""I don't," she sighed. "I'm actually shitting on myself every time I need to do this," she confessed. "But I like to be bossy, I suppose that's what keeps making me be respected and a bit feared.""Do you like it?" she turned to look at him. "Being respected and feared by all those people and give them orders and such.""When I was young I wanted to be Minister of Magic," she said turning to look at the wall while crossing her arms over her chest. "I liked the concept of being treated like a sort of Queen.""And now?""Now I do this because I don't have another option," she sighed. "I do this because I'm forced to do so, not because I want to be here."Severus nodded. "There's something in your mind, what is it?""The Locket," she said, "is a Horcrux, isn't it?""Ten points to Slytherin," and the green-eyed chuckled. "He's looking the whereabouts of Elder Wand, the Dark Lord," he turned to look at her. "That's why he or Nagini aren't here."Leevanna nodded. "That's good to know," she sighed. "I still have my snake friend.""You should be going to your room, Leevy," said Severus. "It is getting late and you should get some rest, you and Draco were pretty good today.""Don't say that," she turned to look at him. "This isn't a good job, is horrible," Severus nodded. "See you around, uncle, goodnight."And she turned around to leave and try to finally sleep after all the hustle and bustle of the day.But she frowned, and for consequence turned to look at the man who she had been a few seconds ago.A glitchy vision of the attack to the Order on the 27th of July merged with her reality. Specifically, the part when a cloaked person had saved George Weasley from death.She frowned more. Severus' back was practically identical to the shadow that had saved the redhead.Could it possibly be...?She shook her head. No, it wasn't plausible. It was a crazy inkling and stupid reasoning she couldn't conceivably explain without being treated as if she had lost the last thread of sanity. So she decided to keep walking towards her room.But the problem was that Leevanna Vaughan had already lost her last thread of sanity a lot of time ago and her crazy instincts were never wrong. ༄ Someone was knocking behind the door.Draco passed his hand through the nightstand looking for his wand and pointed it at the door to open it when he found it.Lhu entered by releasing a sigh from her lips.The door closed behind her and Draco murmured 'Muffliato'. Severus' indications for anything that could happen and they needed to pretend not being there.Lhu frowned watching Leevanna sleep the most comfortable possible by sitting on Draco while he was reading: her knees on the sheets and her small hands on his chest as well as her cheek, he held her with his knees. She looked like a baby."Now, I'm really going to cry," the curly-haired huffed as she laid on the bed. It had been a couple of days since the Death Eaters' meeting in the Room of Requirement and the brunette was a bit sensitive for the letter that her mother had sent to her next to the beautiful diamond ring for her birthday."Make sure you don't wet my bed," the blond answered without taking his gaze away from his book.She glared him."What's wrong, Lhu?" Leevanna asked without opening her eyes. Her voice was sleepy."I need to go," the girl sighed. "I need to go with them and make sure they are alright.""You can't leave the castle," the green-eyed reminded her opening her eyes to look at her. "Don't risk your life.""Do you even know where they are?" Draco asked caressing Leevanna's hair to make her sleep again."I have an idea where," Lhu confessed."Lhu, don't risk your life," Leevanna said again. "Don't expose yourself," she continued. "There is grave danger everywhere and—""I can't just wait here," she interrupted her. "I can't just wait here thinking about them all the fucking time wondering if something bad happened to them if they are in fucking bloody danger.""Lhu—""Is easy for you," she continued looking at her. "You have Draco here, you have him with you all the time, knowing that he is safe with you, by your side. I don't have that, I don't know if they are safe. They're not by my side.""She is right," said Draco closing his book and looking at Leevanna, who had separated from him. "If you weren't with me, next to me like this, I would do the impossible to meet you and be with you," she opened her mouth to protest. "And you would do the same too, so shut up."Leevanna growled making him chuckle.Draco left a soft kiss on her lips before putting a strand of hair behind her ear.Leevanna turned her head to see her best friend."Lhu, are you—""Since when you two show so much affection?" Asked the girl in amusement, interrupting her best friend, who made a pout as a complaint."Can I—""I will pin her against the bed and take off her clothes, but you are here, so," Draco sighed playfully and looking at her again."Can I talk? Thank you," huffed Leevanna taking his cheeks to make him look at her. She hated when he didn't look at her."No, you can't," he said raising an eyebrow. "The grown-ups are talking right now."   "Draco Lucius Malfoy!"Lhu burst into laughter."You're prettier when you are sleeping, go back to sleep," he said pushing her head back to his chest."Our room is the only one that doesn't have the Anti-Apparition spell," Leevanna sighed going back to her initial position before her best friend arrived. "You can go and come back.""How's that—""Nobody knows about it, Severus made it for any emergency," Leevanna confessed, Lhu nodded. "Please, Lhu, I'm begging you... Be extremely careful, please.""I will," she promised, taking the edges of her blazer to hug herself as she stood up. "I'll be safe, I just need to make sure that they're okay and not in danger."Leevanna watched her friend pull her wand out of her clothes and take deep air."Um — send them greetings," murmured the green-eyed one."Leev, they love you, they don't hate you," Lhu smiled her by passing a hand through her hair, she nodded. "Well, I'll see you both tomorrow," she promised."We'll see you tomorrow," Leev said goodbye smiling at her.In a blink, Lhu was no longer in the room."She is going to be alright, Leevy," sighed Draco running his fingers through her hair."I know..." she sighed. "I know.""Come here," he said leaving his book aside and cupping her cheeks to leave a soft kiss on her lips. "Everything is going to be fine."And while Leevanna nodded before she went back to sleep, Lhu suddenly opened her eyes when she felt that she had arrived at the place she expected.Two voices in the distance made her smile."Thousands of jokes about ears and you keep saying the fucking same one.""You are just jealous of mum giving me more attention.""At least I have two ears.""Do you ever stop fighting?" She said laughing."That's—" Fred frowned and turned his head."It can't be—" George muttered also turning his head."Lhu..." said both.She started running towards them.They started running towards her."Fuck's sake, Lhu!" Exclaimed Fred hugging the girl tightly lifting her from the ground making her surround his wait with her legs."How do you find us?" Asked George hugging her when she separated from his twin."It wasn't very difficult," she admitted as she cleaned the tears from her face."Are you alright? Did someone followed you?" Asked Fred checking her."I'm alright," she chuckled caressing his hair. "And no, nobody followed me.""You — Fuck..." breathed George hugging her once more. "You crazy girl.""Are you stupid?" Fred reproached taking her cheeks. "Are you bloody mental?""Both," she laughed making him smile."How — How did you even left Hogwarts?" Asked George placing a strand of hair behind her ear."Leevy and Draco helped me," she confessed wiping her tears. "I was so worried about you two.""Well, I'm holy," chuckled George."Yes Georgie, you are," she said giggling."See?! She does appreciate my jokes!"Fred rolled his eyes."Well, are you two going to kiss me or what?""Yeah, this is definitely our Lhu," both twins said.And then George kissed her, Lhu kissed him back. Fred kissed her next, and she kissed him back.

It all happened in slow motion, even her breathing. All was long, painful and torturous.

Her head turned and the figure of her mum caught her attention. She felt the blood abandon her body, fade away like smoke, leaving her like a blank paper. She stood up quickly. "I'm so sorry," she said feeling the air becoming scarce.

"Leev?" Aly asked frowning. She had been laughing and now was confused. The other kids turned to look at the white-haired.

"Get out of here," she begged. "All of you, run."

"Why — Why we would do that?" frowned Leo seeing her stand up.

"Please," she implored. "Run and never—"

"Now, now, Leevanna," and she knew it was too late, "aren't you going to introduce us to your friends?" smiled her father placing his hand over her shoulder. "Where you have left your manners?"

"T-They were a-already leaving," she stuttered turning to look at her father and waling backwards. "I-I — please no..." she whispered.

Nicholas ignored her and raised his gaze to look over her shoulder. "What we have here? Your names little kids?"

"I'm Daniell Jordan, sir," said the redhead girl standing up. "He's Leo Avalon," she pointed a boy with toffee curls. "And he's Alexy Douglas."

"Alyssa Dexter," smiled the girl extending her hand. "I'm sorry to be here, Leev said it was okay."

"Yes, it is," said Nicholas lowering his gaze to her hand. "It's okay to bring Mudbloods to my house, right Leevanna?" and Aly lost her smile and lowered her hand.

Leevanna turned her head towards the kids and then to her father. "I didn't— I-I swear–"

"You didn't know or didn't matter?" her father raised an eyebrow.

"She said she swears she didn't know," said Alexy standing in front of her. Leevanna's tears started falling. "And it doesn't matter to her either."

"Oh, is that right, Leevanna?" Nicholas smiled towards his daughter, who was trembling.

"I-I—" she was so scared. "I-I— Please," she begged, placing herself in front of Aly, who was the closest to her father. "Please, don't— I'll do whatever—"

"You are... A shame for this family," and he slapped her, throwing her to the grass. The first ray of light left his wand and the small body of Leo Avalon started turning blue and like a stone.

"No— no!" said Leevanna standing up and covering Aly's body with hers. "Stop it!"

But the boy with toffee curls was already dead.

Nicholas wand soon pointed towards Daniell Jordan, who started crying blood when her one by one her eyes started coming out from its cavities. A green light soon embraced her body and the flowers of her dress made it seem like a vine of roses and thorns.

"Sectumsempra," said Nicholas pointing Alexy Douglas, whose body fell backwards as if an invisible sword had hit him. Blood sprouted out of his body, which had been sliced like a piece of meat. "Look at what you've done..." he said turning his head to see Leevanna. "This is your punishment."

Leevanna was crying, unstoppably.

Her father's arm pushed her aside and took Alyssa's arm tightly before throwing her to the ground again.

"ALY! NO!" Leevanna yelled running towards her but her father pushed her again and looked at his wife for her to hold her.

"It's okay, Leevy," whispered Aly towards her with tears running down her cheeks. "I love you."

"NO-OH!" Leevanna cried out as she twisted for her mother to release her. "LET GO OF ME!"

"Keep your eyes open," said Nicholas looking at her before returning to Alyssa.

And the first ten minutes of torture began.

"STOP! PLEASE!" Screamed a ten-year-old Leevanna.

Aly kept screaming on the grass. The poor girl had stopped begging a few minutes ago, now she was only yelling.

It had already passed another ten minutes of torture.

"USE IT ON ME! PLEASE! STOP!" She cried trying to scape her mother's grip.

The dead bodies of the other children remained laying on the green grass.

She was the only one he tortured.

"USE IT ON ME! PLEASE! I'M BEGGING YOU! USE IT ON ME!"

Nicholas looked at her tired of her screams still pointing his wand at the girl. Neferet, scared, denied with her head wrapping her daughter tightly.

"LET ME GO! Use it on me... Please..." she cried.

Nicholas fixed his eyes again on the girl who laid half-dead on his garden.

"NO! NO! DON'T! PLEASE!"

"Avada Kedavra," he muttered ending with the, for him, boring situation.

Since that day, her eyes didn't stop raining. Leevanna hated bedtime.Or at least she hated it a few years ago.Before Draco.He had helped a lot.But the memories of that day were never going to leave her. It would haunt her forever, a memory she would never be able to forget no matter how much she tries to block, no matter the things she does to try and close the lid.She knew it perfectly well.Her thin fingers pushed her hair back and then to one side while turning off the light from the bathroom connected to their room.It was midnight and she wasn't sleepy yet, but Draco had fallen asleep an hour or two ago. She knows though, knows that needs at least to try and sleep, but she can't, her brain doesn't let her, says she doesn't deserve to rest even if she did a great job.But it is not a great job. She is going against what she believes in. It is everything but a great job. She knows it perfectly.And she can't trust in anybody else than her lover to let the barrier fall because no one else of the opposite side would believe her. Nobody would believe she has changed and now wants to play for the other side of the door. She knows she is alone in that.Her lies grow every day, like vines or roses that climb the walls and windows until it reaches the ceiling and hangs down like lamps of light that wait for her to embrace her neck until the last drop of air fades away from her body.The lies are unstoppable, they just keep happening and happening. She lies every day, every single minute. The lies consume her like fire does with paper.The first lie is in the morning when she asks herself if she is able to wake up without feeling that void in her chest.The second one happens when Draco asks her if she is okay and wants to do something that day. She says yes, that she is fine. She hates lying to him, hates keeping secrets.The third lie is when she is with Lhu, lying about how she knows what the Death Eaters are doing all the tome and what are their tactics if she isn't supposed to be there. Lying about she knowing the brunette's father wanting to convert her in a Death Eater.And the biggest lie of all is when she is inside those rooms where the people see her as a general, where the people listens to her and takes in count her opinion. Lying about being on their side and pretending to be a monster. Lying about not liking being respected the way they do in that room.She hates lies, hates secrets. Hates the hollow ache in her body when she betrays herself with every word she lets escape.That's why she cries after she does anything because she keeps lying. And she feels so guilty when an internal smile flutters in her within when the feeling of satisfaction invades her after her non-chosen fellows do what she tells them. Feels guilty when they joke about her being a general and saying she could be the next Dark Lady and she likes the fucking name.She is so confused.Because the side she is fighting for has always treated her like scum, has treated her as if she wasn't a person who deserves respect. Has judge her for the things she thinks and how her humour is. That side has glare her when she passes by their side in the hallways. Has made her feel like the villain when she doesn't want to be it. That hasn't taken in count all the things she has been through.And keeps doing it, all they did before. They keep doing it not even giving her the chance to explain herself and why she does those things.But then there is the side that she isn't supposed to be fighting for, the side that is supposed to be wrong and be the villains. The side that has wanted her from the beginning and kept her under its wing of protection. The side where most of the people she loves the most is, is there with her, supporting her and smiling at her. The side that hasn't glare at her and actually hold her gaze with a sparkle of tenderness. The side that doesn't judge her thoughts and laughs at her humour. The side that respects her and takes in count her opinions. The side that makes her like being the villain.Confusion.She could give the definition of it in a second: A state of mind where clarity is lacking is called confusion or you may say confusion creates the desire for clarity.And then there is the feeling of it, what is she feeling. She doesn't have a definition for that.That's why she hates feeling so much because she doesn't understand feeling. Doesn't understand how to give her a correct answer to the things it produces to her body.She is so puzzled and disoriented.Is like a maze that doesn't have an end. She keeps running and running in circles. Keeps turning left and right and returning to the same place without realising. A maze that has endless riddles and puzzles she can't decipher because all are about stupid feelings. A maze that just put her in front of a passageway with a wall she doesn't know how to cross.She has two buttons she can pressOne is choosing the side that says is supposed to be correct and will judge her regardless of anything she does.The other is choose the side that's supposed to be the wrong one and will make her their respected and untouchable Queen.She frowned softly when she realised that Draco was breathing heavily. Her gaze passed from the ground to him quickly.Her confused thoughts and the mini Leevanna's running everywhere with their heads in flames could wait a little longer.Draco was having a nightmare, and as she stared a little harder, she saw a thin sheet of sweat on his forehead.Fever.His features were creased and pained, and the vulnerability she had seen so many times was still breathtaking. She blinked away her trance when he writhed under the covers and released a distressed grunt while whispering.She lowered the sleeves of the shirt she was wearing — which was his — and embraced herself to approach him cautiously. He was shuddering because of the inevitable disturbing images tumbling around in his head.She opened their closet and took out a thicker duvet to cover them from the cold of November. She edged anxiously closer to drape it over him and examined his features.A sleep-slurred mumble passed his dry lips."Leevy... Don't... Don't hurt her..."The air left her.The nightmares about her death or where she left him were very realistic.She had seen them.He looked like he was being tortured, or was seeing someone being tortured, and she felt her stomach twist. Because she knows he may be dreaming about she and his mum being in that deep hole that once he thought he could be real.She knelt on the floor and delicately passed her fingers through his face removing the strands that fell through his forehead."Draco," she whispered sweetly. "Draco, it's me... Wake up, my life."She knew that if she kept talking, her voice was slowly going to wake him up.His throaty growls became worse."I haven't got any options... He'll kill Leevanna..."Oh, fuck.That nightmare was worse."My life... I'm here," she whispered again as she caressed his damp forehead carefully.A few seconds later, when her hand rested on his cheek, his icy eyes snapped open and his hand grabbed her wrist tightly. He was panting heavily with confusion and the aftershocks of his horrible nightmare."Draco..." she breathed, unafraid of the unhinged look in the eyes that looked for her. "I'm here."His features softened at the same time the grip on her wrist did and she quickly could rest her hand on his cheek again. She brushed her thumb over his cold cheek seeing him frown still panting. He looked completely out of it; mentally and physically tired, and still jittery."Leevy..." he breathed calming down as his lids drifted lower.He'd stopped shaking, but the shock and fear were still there, haunting him. His eyes were misty and absent as he slowly looked at her again.She needed him to wake up completely or he would return to the nightmare."It was only a nightmare," she calmed him smiling aside. "You are safe now."He nodded slowly, blissfully calm as he still looked half-asleep."Leevy..." he called her again in a whisper, already almost completely awake."I'm here," she said also in a whisper."They... They hurt you..." he mumbled."Nobody hurt me, my life," she reassured him. "I'm here and you're safe."He nodded again slowly."Do you want me to read you so that we can both sleep?" She asked glancing a small book of poems on the floor. He nodded closing his eyes while she took the book.She knew he wouldn't remember anything tomorrow, but she was hoping for him to remember a little of the poem she was about to read.He took her wrist again and attracted her to the bed covering them both with the duvet. Then she began to talk while he surrounded her waist with his arms hiding his face on her chest.And she knows that even if she can't decide what to do in that maze, he would be there for her regardless of everything. Let me not to the marriage of true minds. Admit impediments. 

Which alters when it alteration finds,

Or bends with the remover to remove:

Oh, no! It is an ever-fixed mark,

that looks on tempests and is never shaken;

It is the star to every wandering bark,

whose worth's unknown,

although his height be taken.

Love's not Time's fool,

though rosy lips and cheeks.

Within his bending sickle's compass come;

Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.

If this be error and upon me proved,

I never writ, nor no man ever loved.

William Shakespeare- ༄ Leevanna felt the anxiety growing inside her body.She was drowning in it, really.She lifted her gaze from the ground and stopped biting her finger skin. She must have to stop doing that to her or she was going to run out of fingers. Georgia had told her that the last time they saw each other.That had been months ago.Georgia is a cunt. But she misses Georgia.Her gaze quickly passed through the entire corridor to make sure she was alone and there was no Snatchers insight. She knew they would be in the Great Hall having their messy dinner where they throw food and everything.Draco was going to kill her when he got out of the shower.She breathed deeply and kept walking without making noise.It would be fast.She released the air contained in her lungs when she saw a girl with white hair just a few metres away."Lu—""What are you doing here?" Seamus Finnigan stabbed with disgust at the girl. "You filthy Death Eater.""Seamus, please—" she tried to say seeing Luna turning her head in her direction."Go away!" The boy growled again, about to take Luna's wrist and leave. "Go fucking away!"Ginny Weasley and Neville Longbottom appeared at that time."Seamus?" Said the youngest of the Weasleys confused. "Why are you yelling?""Ginny..." Leevanna breathed."Go away!" Finnigan screamed once again making Leevanna jump. The tears started running down her cheeks. "She is a Death Eater!""Luna... I — I just — I just want to—""Go. Away!""Seamus!" Ginny yelled standing in front of the boy. "Stop screaming, you're going to attract the Snatchers.""Oh, so she can be here and no one would no anything?!" Growled the boy breathing heavily."Stop yelling, guys," Luna's sweet voice distracted everyone. "Hi, Leevy."Leevanna's tears began to fall faster."Don't go with her, Luna!" Seamus said, but he was ignored by the girl.Luna wrapped Leevanna between her arms and the green-eyed one hugged her back tightly."I was so worried," Leevanna whispered without separating from the girl. "Are you okay?""Yes, I am, Leevy," Luna smiled pressing their foreheads. "How are you? How is Lhu?""We — We are... We are okay," the girl said entangling her hands with the blue-eyed ones."Luna, come back! She is a Death Eater!""Seamus," breathed Neville putting a hand on the boy's chest. "You don't remember our fifth year?""Yeah and I remember last year too!""I — I swear I meant no harm," Leevanna promised, still holding Luna's hands. "I just wanted to see her—""For what?! We are like this because of you and your dear bloody boyfriend!" He started going in her direction tired of the situation."Seamus," tried to say Ginny, "don't tou—"And when the teenager was about to put a finger on Leevanna—"You fucking touch her and I swear I'll fucking kill you," threatened Draco between teeth grabbing Finnigan's arm forcefully."Hi, Draco," smiled Luna sweetly."Get the fuck off me, Death Eater!" Exclaimed Seamus getting off Draco's grip roughly."Seamus, stop," growled Ginny. "She just wanted to see Luna.""Who the fuck made her cry?" Said Draco between teeth seeing Leevanna."Seamus," muttered Neville without being able to avoid it."I'm okay — Draco, I swear," the girl said looking at him. He huffed taking her wrist."Hi, Lovegood," Draco sighed. "Are you okay?""Yes, I am," the girl smiled. "A pleasure to see you both, send regards to Lhu.""Just — Let's go," muttered Leevanna in Draco's direction. "I — I don't want to cause more trouble—""More than you already caused?" Said Finnigan sarcastically."Draco, Draco," hurried the green-eyed when the blond turned his body to face the boy. "Just, ignore him, let's go," he nodded grabbing her wrist again. "I'm so sorry, it won't happen again, Ginny, I swear—""It's okay," the girl reassured her smiling."Thank you," she said with a closed-mouth smile. "Bye, Luna."Both Slytherins started walking away at a hasty pace to avoid attracting Snatchers attention.Leevanna hadn't been able to stay in the room she shared with Draco for a single minute more without being able to know absolutely nothing about Luna.She had rejected Draco's invitation to go to the shower telling him that she was going to finish reading her book and that she would join him later; he hadn't believed her completely but hadn't protested.She had followed him with her gaze down until the bathroom door closed and the water began to fall. That's when she was able to put on one of his shirts and leave the room without making noise, not without first leaving a note saying where she was going to be.She knew that if she didn't leave the note to Draco, he was able to kill person per person just to know if someone had done something to her.But Draco knew her better than anyone else, and he knew she had been lying.So, when he opened the bathroom door again after his bath and he didn't saw her in their bed, he just sighed and put on clothes to go and find her.She glanced at him and bit her lower lip."Don't look at me like that," he huffed. "I'm not mad at you."And she could breathe."Sorry," she said. "For not telling you.""Just — don't do it again," he said turning his head to look at her. "I was so fucking worried," she nodded and give little jumps to reach his side, making her chuckle."Could you not laugh at me?" she huffed before giving more jumps. "And stop walking so fucking fast!""I'm not walking fast," he said laughing. "I'm walking normal, that you have legs of the size of my arms isn't my fault.""That you are a fucking pole isn't my fault either!" she huffed pulling his shirt to make him stop because she was practically running instead of walking. "You are like a fucking ostrich running for its life, hold on a second.""Why always animals?" he raised an eyebrow playfully seeing her take air deeply."Because you are a fucking giraffe!""I thought I was an ostrich—""That too," she huffed making him chuckle again. "The point is that for every step you give I need to give like ten... So stop giving so long steps!"And what you want me to do?" he asked. "Walk on tiptoes like a fucking ballerina or what?""You want a tutu?" she raised an eyebrow playfully before he hit her forehead."You imbecile," he rolled his eyes taking her wrist.Both continued to walk until they reached the door of the Slytherin's dungeons, where he murmured the password so that they could enter."I'm just saying... That if Alecto wasn't such a bitch, maybe I would fuck her," and Theodore Nott's unmistakable voice received them."You are fucking disgusting, mate," said Blaise before huffing. "Alecto? Really? What's next? Malfoy's crazy aunt?""Actually... Do you think Malfoy would want another uncle?" asked Theodore before pouring more liquor in his glass. "Because I really like the mad ones.""Why am I friends with this wankers?" Sighed Lhu leaning on the sofa resting her head on Pansy's legs. "Oh, hi guys," the girl said seeing Draco and Leevanna."Who made Leev cry and the blondie angry? My sunshine Blaise was here all the time," said Theo before drinking his Fire Whiskey."Ha. Ha. Very funny," Blaise glared him."Mummy's boy," said Draco between teeth."Fucking Seamus fucking Finnigan? That pussy?" Asked Pansy."Yes," replied again the blond and both seated on the sofa."What were you doing?" Asked Leevanna."Having an orgy, wanna join us?""I swear to God, Theo, are you okay?" Laughed Lhu."I think I need sex," the boy confessed. "You think your friend Lovegood is available?""Weren't you hanky-panking with her last year?" Asked Pansy."You WHAT?!" Exclaimed Lhu and Leevanna at the same time."It was just one time," the boy shrugged. "Maybe more than once, but nothing serious," Theo huffed. "Cheers for that.""I swear I think you have shagged with all the girls at Hogwarts," laughed Lhu."Nope, just all the Slytherin house and a few Ravenclaws," Theo shrugged again. "Although... you and Leev are not in my list..." he said raising an eyebrow. "What do you say Leev? Wanna have a three—""Don't you dare finish that phrase, Nott," threatened Draco pointing him with his finger."Leev, the sex still good?" asked Theodore possing as if he was a psychologist. "I mean, no offence but, my mate here seems bloody narky.""It would surprise you..." sighed Leevanna before drinking Draco's liquor. "It would surprise you."The blond glanced her smirking."Hello," said Lhu. "I'm the one who has sex with twins.""I always wanted to know how that was," Pansy admitted running her fingers through Lhu's hair. "Is it good?""Bloody awesome, I'm telling you," laughed the curly-haired one before making a high-five with her."Cheers for that," chuckled Pansy."So... Pansy," said Theo in a flirtatious way. "Want to have a threesome with my friend here?" He finished pointing Blaise.The girl shuddered, making Lhu burst into laughter. "Leevanna," called Pansy with some nervousness.

"Oh, hi," said the girl leaving her homework aside.

"I want to... Talk to you about something..." Pansy huffed sitting on the armchair next to the girl's.

"Um... Sure, what's it?"

"I... Why didn't you tell others about what was in my diary the other day?" She asked frowning. "You could have done it and yet no, why?"

"Because I know how it feels, Pansy," Leevanna said with a closed-mouth smile. "I know how it feels wanting to die every day."

"Thank you... Leevanna." "And then — And then, Ha— Hagrid carried Malfoy like a princess!" Theodore cackled. "Like recently married!"Blaise chocked with his liquor for chuckling while Lhu, Pansy and Leevanna didn't stop laughing."You and your bloody chicken!" Theo cackled again holding his stomach."Can we already forget that phase, please?" Said Draco covering his face with one hand not being able to avoid smiling."Bottoms up for the bloody chicken!" Laughed Blaise and everyone lifted their glasses before drinking again.It was already one in the morning and the strange group of Slytherin friends were about to end their fourth bottle of Fire Whiskey."I have another! I have another!" Exclaimed Pansy. "When — Ha. When instead of scoring the Quaffle, our team scored Theo in the ring in our fourth year!""And they gave us bloody points!" Laughed Lhu with her cheeks completely red. "He was fucking traumatised!""I was used as a fucking Quaffle!""Mate you started crying!" Draco laughed pulling away his glass to not spill it all over the sofa."At least I'm not a princess!"And they all laughed again until they were almost without air. They had too much desire to laugh to be such dark times. And maybe it was what they needed most at that time.Lhu sighed. "I really missed this," she said chuckling."Same here," said Pansy before drinking. "Daphne would have been laughing so hard with us if she was here.""Do you know how's she?" asked Leevanna. "I haven't had the time to write to her lately.""She is fine," Pansy sighed. "France is more secure than here is and the attacks usually aren't often," she continued. "I haven't written to her this month though, but the last letter said she sends regards to you all.""I miss Daphne so much," Lhu said."How do we become friends?" Leevanna asked laughing while laying her head on Draco's lap."Good question," sighed Blaise."We are that fucked up and have some shit going on, right?" Said Lhu caressing Pansy's hair, who had her head on her lap. Everyone nodded. "That's how.""Well, look at them, they are Death Eaters, of course, that they have some shit going on," said Theo pointing Draco, Leevanna and Pansy."Wait, you took the mark?" asked Lhu seeing the girl with a frown."A week after Draco and Leevanna did it," she confessed sighing before showing her arm, which still had red skin around the mark. "Father said I should be honoured to be able to acquire it..." she added. "He also said that the two of you were very proud.""The first two hours," huffed Leevanna."We never wanted to receive it though," confessed Draco in a murmur. "But yeah, we have some shit going on," he laughed."A twin whore," Theo said pointing Lhu. "The Slytherin Prince, daddy's boy with anger issues but in love with the Ice Queen who has a very fucked up past," this time was the only couple's turn. "A Caribbean chocolate who was dumped for the same girl seven times," he pointed Blaise. "A daddy's girl who has some serious suicidal thoughts," Pansy's turn. "And a Charming Man-Whore," he finally pointed himself. "We are the perfect friends' group.""Caribbean chocolate? Really?" Said Blaise with a raised eyebrow. "At least I don't want to fuck with Malfoy's aunt."Draco choked on his drink. "Excuse me, you what?""Once I found your dad attractive," confessed Pansy lifting her glass before drinking it. "I was like fourteen.""Your mum is also attractive," admitted Lhu mimicking the girl's action."See?! I am not the only one," laughed Theo."So fucking disgusting," the blond muttered. "You don't have any secrets, don't you?""I just want you," Leevanna laughed."Leevanna's mum was attractive," said Blaise. "I said it.""Yes, she was," chuckled the green-eyed. "She was... Cheers for her." Neferet bit her lower lip before inhaling deep.

It was summer and her daughter and Draco were at Vaughan Manor.

"Draco," she called him seeing that the boy was passing through the kitchen door.

"Hi... Mrs Vaughan," said the boy. "Leev wanted ice cream—"

"Yeah, yeah, take it," she sighed. "Can I ask you something?"

"Yes," Draco responded.

"By chance..." the woman began. "Do you know what Leev's favourite food and dessert are?"

"Umm... Cottage Pie I'm pretty sure and Eton Mess," he said nodding slowly. "Why?"

"Oh, nothing," the woman smiled. "And today you can lunch in your dormitory, I have a thing to do," the boy nodded before he left.

And for lunch, Leevanna didn't stop eating the food her mother had prepared. Of course, she never knew. "How is it to be a Death Eater?" Asked Blaise pouring more Fire Whiskey in his glass."...Scaring..." breathed Leevanna."Very fucked up," chuckled Pansy. "This fucking thing burns all the bloody time," she said referring to the mark in her arm."Cheers," snickered Leevanna stretching her arm to make a high-five with the girl. "Have you tried the ice pads?""It worked like for two hours," confessed the girl. "The towel thing?""All of our towels are wasted," huffed the green-eyed."This shit is not normal," said Theo. "I mean... Pansy and Leev having a civilised conversation?""I thought you were talking about the subject," said Lhu."Nah, like two minutes ago I said that I wanted to use the Cruciatus curse on my father," sighed the boy."What's like to be in a meeting?" asked Pansy towards Draco and Leevanna. "Dad has never let me be in one.""I may confess something," said Leevanna becoming small on the couch.She is tired of lying. Doesn't want to do it anymore. No matter if someone gets mad at her. She doesn't want to keep feeling that burning every time she speaks.Draco looked at her confused. "I thought you didn't want anyone to know.""I keep lying, Draco, I don't want to do it anymore," she sighed feeling his hand caressing her forehead. And she looks at Lhu. "I am so sorry, Lhu, for lying.""It is you then," the brunette murmured. "You are the one who everyone is talking about.""Excuse my stupid ass brain," said Theo, "but I lost the thread of the conversation.""She is the one who's in charge of directing the attacks," said Lhu. "She is behind the strategies.""Wait — it's you the big brain of the operations?" Blaise frowned towards Leevanna and she nodded."I don't want to be there though," she sighed. "Draco can tell you I left those meetings trembling and crying," and her eyes drifted to Lhu again. "I am so sorry.""You really need to stop apologising for everything you do," the brunette smiled softly. "It's okay, Leevy, I saw it coming," she sighed. "But you are my sister, no matter what you do, you will always be my sister.""You're my sister too, Lhu," Leevanna smiled feeling relieved."What's the difference between being a Muggle and a wizard?" Asked Draco out of nowhere."There isn't a difference, really," sighed Lhu."Pansy?" Asked Leevanna seeing the girl lost in her thoughts."I— I just... There's no difference, right?" She muttered. "Tell me I am not the only one...""You are not," sighed the green-eyed fixing her gaze on Draco's."So, everything they said to us was bullshit," Blaise muttered with his gaze down."The Pureblood and Mudblood thing?" Asked Theo. "Yeah, I guess it was all bullshit.""So... We're not the only ones..." Draco whispered caressing one of Leevanna's cheek. He had his elbow supported on the sofa's arm and his head resting on his hand."Draco Malfoy saying that the Muggle-borns and Muggles are the same as him?" Sneered Theo. "Mate, are you sure you are still having good sex?"The blond took out his middle finger."It took us a lot..." Admitted Leevanna. "For both of us... We were really confused at the beginning. And it was very difficult to understand," she breathed. "We had a lot of mental crisis because of that," the girl giggled."Well... If the big Draco Lucius Malfoy was able to accept it... We should be too, right?" sighed Lhu.The five Slytherins reminded silent for several minutes.It was all bullshit then... All in what they believed in once... All the things their parents had taught them, the way they had been raised... All bullshit.That was very fucked up.Blaise's brain was the first to push away all those thoughts and go blank. Everything his mother had ever told him about the muggles was unravelled, piece by piece it was frayed.Amused scepticism.Two words that haunted him since his first year.Yeah, it was all bullshit.Theodore was the second to remain silent, lost in his thoughts. Maybe his mother would have educated him differently... Maybe that way he wouldn't have suffered so much for all the things his father did and did to him...He had always thought that the labels themselves didn't exist. Blood-traitors? Blood is... Blood... Is nothing at least you need it to save a life.Lhu, on the other hand, thought about her parents, how they had told her that her relationship with the Weasley blood-traitors was a complete abomination for the family.Her redheads weren't an abomination... She loved them with all her life. And they loved her back.What was wrong with that?They had threatened to take away her inheritance if she didn't end with her relationship, and she couldn't care less.It was her happiness... They were her happiness.She was not gonna let her happiness go.For Pansy Parkinson, it was a little more difficult.She had been a shitty person all her previous years... Especially with all those who had betrayed the blood.She had been really bad.She had done really bad things.She was very confused now.They were all... the same? They were all... persons... Humans.She no longer thought that being a Death Eater was such an honour... As her father had told her. It was pretty scary being honest. The tasks were just too much.Was it okay that she thought everyone was the same? She didn't know, but she could learn."For who are we fighting for, then?" Asked Pansy wiping the tears off her cheeks."I don't have the slightest idea," sighed Leevanna."But I thought you were like their general," frowned Pansy. "My father said even Alecto pays attention to you and Yaxley shuts his mouth when you talk.""She throws knives at the table when she simulates being angry with them," chuckled Draco. "That's why.""Oh, yeah," laughed Pansy. "My mother told me about that.""You really threw knives?" laughed Lhu making a high-five with her."Fifteen at the table and five in attempt to murder someone," she said proudly."I know you don't like me saying it," said Draco lowering his gaze to meet her eyes, "but you look fucking stunning when you are there.""That's the first and last compliment I'll take from your part," she chuckled feeling his finger caress her cheek."My mother said once — well, I heard her say," amended Lhu, "that you are always yelling.""Remember our fifth year?" everyone nodded at Draco's question. "Multiply that three times.""Holy shite," laughed Theodore. "I want to be in one meeting to hear you.""They respect me," sighed Leevanna, "I like being bossy and using suits."And everyone laughs, but she feels again that hollow ache in her within, because she hasn't decided what button to push. She is lost. Feels bitter and wrong liking being the Death Eaters' general.She is so confused. ༄ Draco looked at Leevanna sleeping.She looked so peaceful and relaxed.It had already been an hour since both had returned to their room after that small random meeting of friends in the Slytherin common room by chance.The girl had fallen asleep on him and he had had to take her to their room.Which made Theodore laugh when he saw how the one with green eyes wrapped her legs on the blond's waist and arms on his neck between dreams while whispering that she wanted more ice cream. "I didn't know it was already bedding time, Malfoy," Theo snickered. "You're going to carry me too?" He said looking at him with a pout while he took his thumb to his mouth pretending to be a baby.

"If you wake her up, I swear I'm going to punch you," Draco said between teeth as he accommodated Leevanna in his arms to leave.

"But I'm a baby! You can't punch me!" He exclaimed before Draco threw a cushion at him to shut him up.

He would always take care of her.He remembered a few parts of the poem she had read to him last week... And he couldn't help but smile every time he looked at her.Actually, she was the only reason he smiled.He had nothing to smile about except for her.And only her.It would always be only her.Leevanna changed her sleep position between dreams, now facing him with her tiny hands under her cheek above the black pillow.Her long and thick eyelashes brushing her rosy cheeks and her fleshy pink-full lips were a little open. Her hair falling disorderly on the pillow leaving some thin strands on her face.He delicately caressed her hair before leaving a kiss on her forehead"I know I don't say it too often," he whispered, "but you don't understand how much I love you, Leevy... I promise to take you away from all of this... The war, the sides, everything... And it will just be us... Always."

"Because you can't be just in underwear! It's fucking snowing outside!"

"Put. On. The. Fucking. Pants."

"Fine..." Leevanna huffed getting off the bed. She walked slowly to the closet under his watchful gaze... And then she ran out the door.

Draco held his nose bridge with his fingers closing his eyes and avoiding smiling.

Of course she was going to do that.

"Leevanna Jullieth Vaughan-Malfoy, come here," he called her leaving the room watching her ran through the corridor with just one shirt. "You are seventeen-years-old, for fuck's sake."

Lhu appeared at that time and the green-eyed climbed on top of her.

"He wants me to wear pants!" Leevanna squealed making her best friend laugh.

"Thank you for sneezing in my hair," Lhu laughed. "And yes, you are sick."

"That's not fair," the girl growled before getting down of her best friend's body and starting to walk to the opposite side.

Draco extended her clothes and she reluctantly took it by making him laugh gently. "Wrap your legs around my waist."Draco held her carefully, feeling her small burning body making contact with his cold skin."Can you do that for me, my life?" He murmured to her again, taking her wrist carefully. She nodded slowly. "That's it, come here little girl," he muttered by putting a hand on her head to caress her hair.Her arms wrapped around his neck and he lifted her slightly to accommodate her better.

Leevanna had fallen asleep all afternoon and Draco, who read next to her, was about to wake her up so they could both go downstairs for dinner. He had brushed her forehead and frowned.She was literally burning.The problem was that it was already the third time that week.He knew it wasn't exactly the flu, but it was a product of the fucking goddamn mark on her arm.His mark was burning too, but he did not care at all.He put the wands of both in the coat she had over her and opened the room's door so that he could get out of there and take her to the hospital wing.He didn't know if Madame Pomfrey was going to receive them with a good face and a smile, he didn't know if she was going to kick them out, but he needed to give her something to calm her fever.The first time he had done the same thing as last year, fill the bathtub with water and stay there until her fever passed. He had also done the same the second time.But staying five hours in a bathtub full of icy water wasn't the best option anyway.He went down the stairs carefully while listening to her murmurs and complains about the light that fell on her face."Malfoy! My mate!" Theodore laughed with a bottle of Fire Whiskey in hand. "How nice of you to finally honour us with your presence, sweetheart.""Not now," he murmured capturing the attention of Lhu, who was sitting on the sofa with Pansy's head resting on her legs."What happened?" Asked the curly-haired with a soft frown watching her best friend's red cheeks."She looks like a burrito," Theo laughed. "Burritos are fucking delicious, I wonder if Vaughan is also —""Nott, I swear to God —""But don't get mad blondie. Is that time of the month, my dear mate? Should I buy you some chocolate and flowers?""She has fucking fever, Nott! Shut your fucking mouth, I'm not in the fucking mood!" Growled Draco marrying out of the situation while walking towards the exit."Fever?" Asked Lhu. "Pansy has fever too.""Is the mark, innit?" Muttered Blaise looking the ground."Why is everybody yelling?" Whispered Leevanna against Draco's chest."Sorry, my life," whispered the blond. "We're gonna go to the hospital, yes?" She nodded slowly still with her eyes closed."Draco, breathe," said Lhu seeing how he started to breathe heavily. "Everything is gonna be fine, just —""Shut — shut up, it's—" he gasped. "It's not — I should be more aware of her —""Blaise, can you help me with Pansy?" Said Lhu getting off the sofa carefully. "It's not your fault, Draco," she reassured him heading to his position. "Wait two seconds, we are going too."He nodded jerkily.

A fucking anxiety crisis.He breathed deeply.He could not have a crisis right now.Blaise lifted Pansy bridal style and followed Malfoy through the passageways to get quickly to the hospital wing. Lhu and Theodore were coming behind them."You think we can get food on the way?" Muttered Theo in Lhu's direction. "I heard that today they were going to serve Cottage Pie and I'm really hungry.""Merlin's sake, Theo," chuckled the girl without being able to avoid it."Yes or no?""Later."When they arrived at the hospital wing, Draco was the first to enter. He literally didn't care if Pomfrey refused to help him, he was going to cure Leevanna for himself if necessary.The woman was speechless when she saw the two students of the Slytherin house leave the two girls carefully on the nearest stretchers.Lhu sat on Pansy's stretcher, staying behind her while placing a hand on her forehead to see if the fever remained the same.Draco, for his part, had sat Leevanna on the stretcher with her legs on the sides of his hips and his arms still around her carefully."What are you doing here? Is dinner time," said the woman approaching them."They had fever," said Lhu caressing Pansy's cheek. "If you don't want to cure them, we could —""Nonsense," interrupted Pomfrey approaching Pansy first. "Medicine must not be denied to anyone, Mis Oneyl."The woman ran to a shelf and took out clothes next to a bowl that filled with water and then wet the fabric to put it on Pansy's forehead, who growled when she felt the cold on her hot skin."Mis Oneyl, could you help me?" Asked the woman sweetly, the girl nodded. "I need you to hold this and turn it over every two minutes so that I can attend to Mis Vaughan."Lhu nodded again and obeyed her instructions."Mr Malfoy, I need you to —""Is not common fever," he huffed."What do you mean is not a common fever?""Leevy," the blond said to the girl in front of him as he kneeled. "Can you give me your arm, little girl?"The green-eyed nodded still with her eyes closed as she did what he indicated. She was half-asleep and had no idea what was going on.Madame Pomfrey covered her mouth with both hands at the same time that an expression of surprise and horror decorated her face. She had no words to describe what she was seeing.As the black mark moved on Leevanna's skin, it was increasingly red, reaching the point of starting to burn and bleeding.Lhu took Pansy's arm carefully, also curling up her sleeve to see if her mark was the same, which was."Now, that is really fucked up," muttered Theo."I think we need frozen bandages, Poppy," Luna Lovegood said in a sweet tone as she approached Slytherin's. "Hi, Theo and Blaise.""Lovegood," said both boys."Frozen bandages?" The nurse asked by frowning softly in the direction of the Ravenclaw girl."We have to wrap their arms in frozen bandages, Poppy" Luna smiled approaching Leevanna.Pomfrey nodded quickly and began looking for what she needed to heal both girls of the Slytherin house who were burning in fever."Is not your fault, you know?" Said Luna in Draco's direction. He turned his head to see her while getting up so that Leevanna could support her cheek on his abdomen. "They're serving Cottage Pie for dinner, it's her  favourite food.""Can you — Can you save a little for her?" Draco murmured caressing his wife's hair."It would be a pleasure," she smiled. "And yes Theo, you can come with me to The Great Hall.""Be praised, Salazar. Forget your aunt, mate, this chick is bloody awesome," Theo said raising his arms before passing one through Luna's shoulders, who chuckled. "See you tomorrow sunshines!" ༄ Leevanna's shocked moans echoed the room.

Then, a gasp drowned inside her throat.

Draco was punishing her.

He gave a strong blow, more than she would have liked it.

"He would have fucked you better than me?" He asked before thrusting her roughly.

They had fought. He was angry.

"Answer me!" He growled before he thrust her again aggressively. She was on her side, in a fetal position.

Her hands were tied behind her back.

Then a tear slipped down her cheek when a sharp pain focussed on her hips when his thrusts became violent. She didn't like that pain.

That wasn't making love anymore.

He was taking revenge for the things she had said.

"Vanilla..." she murmured with a knot in her throat.

Draco knew that he had gone too far.

He came out of her quickly still in shock while unleashing her hands seeing the tears accumulating in her pretty eyes.

Oh, God... No, no, no.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he rushed to say, surrounding her with his arms and placing a hand on her head stroking her hair. "Oh, God... Forgive me, Leevy, I swear I won't do it again... I'm so sorry— I didn't mean to hurt you..."

"Say you love me..." she muttered surrounding his neck with her arms.

"I love you," he said, pressing her against his body before pressing their foreheads. "I love you so much, I'm so sorry."

She nodded leaving a soft kiss on his lips.

Draco didn't tie her hands behind her back again. Darkness.But it wasn't that kind of darkness that you find in the middle of the night when you wake up from a nightmare.It's a darkness that's direct to your face in the middle of the day when you die of fear simply because you breathe.That kind of darkness that surrounds you thanks to the people around you.Fear.Fear of even leave the room.December seemed darker than ever.Draco and Leevanna had returned to Malfoy Manor the eighteenth of the same month, as Severus had ordered it that way. They shouldn't take the Hogwarts Express for security measures.It had been three days since they were there... And they hadn't left the room.Narcissa had begged them not to.Darkness.Leevanna tied the black satin band behind her head.Draco's hands delicately surrounded her waist, attracting her to him, causing her to smile."You can't make noise unless I say so, do you understand?" He whispered in her ear and she nodded obediently.Her pulse began to rise at the same time as itching between her thighs."Can you imagine yourself walking through the dark passageway for me again?" She nodded, feeling his fingers climb the curves of her waist until he reached her shoulders.He left a kiss on one of them's skin and then take his hands away from her.His voice guided her again through her imagination, projecting again that dark long and wide passage with black paintings hanging from the walls and a red light illuminating the whole place.Her defences lowered the guard."I want you to imagine the wall of slits, your arms extended up and your hands tied," his breath colliding with her earlobe.And there she was.Exactly how he had said.In the fantasy, she also had the black bandage on her eyes and could hear her breath echoing in her head."I love it, you know?" He said brushing the tip of his nose against the skin of her neck. "The power... That my touch has on you... You like it?" She let out a low groan from her lips when she felt one of his fingers playing with one of her straps entangling in it. "... Do you like the power I have?" She nodded biting her lower lip.A shocked gasp drowned in her throat when his finger pulled her strand."Easy to grab... Remember?" She nodded. "Now... Be quiet, little girl."His finger played again with her strand of hair gently.She took her head back when his breathing crashed again with her neck skin."I want to imagine a feather..." he started again. "And I want you to imagine that person behind you... Can you do that for me?"She nodded in silence, letting her mind guide her by the fantasy that his voice was making her image in her head. Intoxicatingly surrounded by his scent, his voice and the proximity of his body, which she was dying to feel.Within fantasy, his breathing crashed on the hole between her shoulder and head. Like a soft breath that caressed her skin.The itching between her thighs began to grow."Now he has the feather in his hand," his voice was a whisper in her ear, "...and he gently passes it through the skin of your thigh... The soft fibres making contact with your skin..."And a ghostly caress passed through her skin while he spoke.Lucid fantasy."The feather goes up softly and slowly through your thigh until it finds your belly... And it slides slowly along... Letting you feel each of the thin fibres..." and she couldn't help but take her head back feeling everything as he indicated. "...It now slides through your abdomen..." she felt the ghost of a touch on her sternum.He was driving her insane.And she loved that.Her body flushed.He hadn't even put a finger on her, not a single caress... He only had her reacting to things that were the product of her imagination... And she was beginning to run out of air because of that.And if she was already like that just with her imagination and his words... She didn't want to imagine what was going to happen when his fingers touched her.But that would be lying... She wanted him to touch her."...Now the feather gently passes through the edge of your breasts... Like a brush... And draw the edge and then makes a complete circle... Then it goes to the other... Doing the same procedure."The pool between her thighs became bigger."You feel the soft and thin fibres on the skin of your neck... Taking your head back... Climbing through your jawline and caressing the skin of your lips..." his voice was heard like an echo in her head, like that voice that installs on your head when you're reading. "He slides the feather through the palm of your hand, your wrist... Lowering it to your forearm... Keeps going down... And return to your breast caressing your nipple."She bit her lower lip again to avoid releasing a groan."And he quickly leads it to your belly again..."And that second beat was no longer from her heart."It's a friction... Right there... Over your skin... Sliding from top to bottom leaving you without air..." She drowned a groan. "The feather caresses the inside of your thighs... Your legs are separated... Then it returns there and makes a bridge to your other thigh..."And the ghostly touches that Leevanna felt were making her clit beat in an incredible way... Even her hips had begun to move smoothly."... But you don't want to feel the feather anymore... Do you?" She nodded, eager for him to continue talking. "You want to feel something else than the thin fibres of that feather... Right?" She nodded again. "I need your verbal answer... What do you want to feel, Leevanna?""...You..." she gasped letting a breathy and low moan escape her lips."...Do you want me to touch you?" And his breathing made contact with her earlobe again."Yes..." she fought to breathe."... If I touch you... Do you promise not to make noise until I order it? ...Can you do that for me, little girl?" He whispered and she nodded quickly. "Good girl..."And when she felt the yolk of his fingers, brushing the skin of his shoulders, she had to hold her breath.Then she felt all his hand, going down her arms and placing them on hers and then going back up.Draco chuckled softly against her jawline when he saw her goosebumps and felt the heat that her body emitted, wishing another touch from him."He's still behind you... And his hands slide through your arms until they reach your thighs..." He ran his hand slowly to the middle of her raised thighs, before slowly parting them with his fingers, and then cupped the inside of her right thigh, opening her up; exposing her. "... His hands climb through your skin reaching the curves of your waist..." he was tracing the same path. She felt again the ghost of a touch on her sternum. "... Now he slides slowly through your ribs reaching your belly, one of them clings to your waist..."She needed to moan... She needed to make noise.But she couldn't.And that was killing her."He slides his hand until he reaches here... And then he makes a soft blow..." and he chuckled against her skin when she made a soft jump. "Breathe easy, Leevanna..."       That son of a bitch...Then he put pressure with two of his fingers on the thin cloth of her lingerie underwear, making her bow her back slightly."His fingers are making their way... Going up and down slowly while his breathing clashes with your skin..." he kept only pressing. She bit lower lip without being able to avoid it. "...Keep biting your lip that way and I'll make it bleed."And she let go of her lip at the same moment."You are all wet... So fucking wet..." he whispered in her ear. "Fuck... You are burning, Leevanna."And that made the thin fabric of her underwear wet even more.She felt how his fingers stopped putting pressure on her heat, then climbing to her belly and descending through this by entering his hand under the fabric.Her back arched."His fingers began to move slowly... With the exact pressure and in the right place... Now faster..."And she had to swallow all the moans and drown them deep in her throat.His fingers began to caress her clit in faster circular movements.Her feet stood upon the black sheets of the bed when his movements were slow and tortuous again.Her hips bucking softly.His fingers were moving fast again.The images she had in her head plus the movements he was making on her clit, made her body start to send signals.The movement of his fingers became frenzied, making his fingers hit her clit hard and repeatedly."You can't cum," he muttered roughly in her ear and she nodded before arching her back.His fingers regained a torturous pace that had her bucking her hips furiously."...Do you want him to introduce his fingers on your wet entrance, Leevanna?" She nodded quickly as she drowned the moans.And so he did.She opened her mouth losing her breath for a second when his middle finger went deep into her.   "Scream."And when his finger began to move inside her slowly, torturing her, she could let escape a groan from her lips."Oh, God..." she breathed lowly feeling his thumb on her pulsating and swollen clit again.He introduced his null finger into her in an agile and sudden movement that made her moan.His fingers went deeper into her until he clashed with her limit and then removed them again and introduced them roughly.His moment became frenzied.Pleasant whimpers came out of her mouth while her back bowed and her hips bucked furiously against his hand as she tried to hold to something.In and out; thrusting roughly and quickly.She started to feel the tell-tale signs of her impending orgasm.But she couldn't cum.The circular and linear caresses on her clit began to return even faster while his fingers repeatedly clashed with her inner limit.His big and hard erection pressed his back.His free hand climbed through her waist until he reached her neck, surrounding it gently and causing his index finger to press her lips."Ah... Draco..." she cried in a breathy moan.Her hand clung to his wrist in an attempt to hold to something."Leevanna... Let go of me," he said against her ear at the same time that his movements stopped.She arched her back twisting and moving her hand away from his, slowly. He moved again.Her chest rose frantically in everypant she gave. The grip on her neck became tighter, pressing his rings on her skin."Go back to the fantasy..." he ordered and she nodded gasping.His fingers had regained the fast and frenzied movements."His hands are on your hips, taking them rudely and pressing you against his body..." She let out a moan. "...His foot separates your legs even more and quickly enters you while he lifts you... Your legs surrounding his waist..."And she wondered how he could keep the calm in his voice.The fantasy, his fingers, his words... She was about to explode.Her hand surrounded his wrist again when he went even faster."I told you not to touch me..." he growled in her ear causing his breath to crash with her skin. "Let go of me..."She gasped, nodding, and her hand released its grip.But the fact that her hips keep bucking into his hand, and his fingers were going faster and faster making it impossible for her not to take his wrist again."Give me your hands," he muttered roughly pulling his hand away from her.She gulped.She was screwed.Her hands trembled imperceptibly as they stood in front of her."Behind your back, Leevanna.""Draco..." she breathed somehow a bit nervous. "Don't...""I won't hurt you," he reassured sweetly. "...Remember?" She nodded.The last time her hands had been behind her back last year hadn't finished well, so he comprehended her."Just — Try... I'll untie you if you don't like it," he promised. "...Can you try for me, little girl?"She nodded letting his hands guide hers behind her back and then tie them with his black tie."Oh..." she moaned feeling his fingers against her clit again. "Fuck..."His middle finger began to move circularly, wielding the right pressure.Soon she could feel that same finger entering her again, introducing it until it clashed with her limit.His thumb began to pay attention to her clit.His fingers regained a torturous pace."...Do you want to cum, Leevanna?" He whispered in her ear."Please..." it was like a needy breathing."...Do you want to feel me inside you while you cum?" She nodded instantly as his movements became frenzied again. "...Do you want me to thrust you so hard as you cum, Leevanna?""Yes... Yes..." she breathed.Then he took his hand out of her underwear and his body moved away from her causing her to fall on the bed.Her back arched when his hands spread her thighs.Draco lowered the edge of his sweatpants, causing them to slip to the floor, then pushed it with one foot.His hands took the edges of her wet underwear and slid it through her legs until he left it in the same way on the floor.He lined up at her entrance and placed a hand on her waist before entering her completely."Holy — Oh, God..." she gasped before letting a loud wail escape her blood-rushed lips.Her body was now in a fetal position.His rings pressing against the skin of the curve of her waist while he thrust her hard and aggressively. Between each thrust, there were a few milliseconds."You are so tight..." he muttered under his breath before pounding her deeply, his tip pushing something inside her.And that time wasn't revenge.That time felt so good.She was loving it.Her small body contracted in every thrust.He unleashed the tie from her hands and opened her thighs by turning her body.His abdomen leaned on hers and one of his hands leaned on the bed, making his back to tense while his breathing clashed with hers.Her delirious moans were something that was driving him crazy.Her legs pressed the sides of his torso while she bucked her hips against his, fucking him back.He pulled the bandage up of her face until he took it off; her eyes blinked a couple of times before looking at his lips as her hands tightened the sheets.Submission.His hand found hers and, grabbing her by the wrist, he placed it over her head by pinning it to bed. Then pressed hers on the sheets, his breath tickling her face as he continued to pump into her, making them both groan against each other.She breathed heavily as her head banged against the bed, holding his gaze as his pace increased making his thrusts became harder and more aggressive, immersing himself deeper and without mercy.Draco was inside of her the deepest he could go now.He was hitting just the right spot.With every harsh thrust, she groaned, moving closer and closer to the edge of her big climax.Their bodies collided, sank and moved."Cum for me, Leevanna..." he said against her lips while her back arched. His breathing became erratic in her lips.Every thrust he gave was wild, frustrated but full of desire and lust."Oh fuck..." She moaned, arching her back and biting her lip.Roughly moving, pumping, thrusting.He took her chin roughly and joined her lips with his, biting her lower lip.She cried arching her back when the thick red liquid invaded her mouth and that of him.Her walls began to tighten, hugging and adjusting around his hard and thick member.   "...Cum for me like a good girl..." his lips caressing hers.Leevanna felt something snap inside of her at his words; she felt an explosion between her legs and her body spasmed, unravelling and wailing at the top of her lungs; the climax inside her exploded along with thousands of fireworks. Her body shook, her back arching over and over while she wailed loudly.All of that while he kept thrusting her hard.And then, when she felt his breath against her sensitive flesh and his teeth nip at her neck, she was fucking gone.But he was not done with her.Draco moved away from her and took her waist with force, immersing himself inside her mercilessly.Her hands slid through the sheets until they were above her head."Fucking — God — Draco..." she moaned closing her eyes overflowing with her own cum feeling him going harder, hastily and mercilessly. He was also reaching his limit, she could feel his big member getting harder inside her.He plunged deeper into her as she let a wail escape from her blood-rushed lips.His hips started bucking faster, his rings pressing on her skin.She arched her back feeling her walls tightening again, building another orgasm.It wasn't the first time that he made her cum twice — he had even made her reach the climax three times in one night —, but it was the first time that it was very soon after the first.He thrust her wildly hitting the right spot inside her leaving her without air making her moan in pain and lust arching her back.Her cries of pain blended with pleasure were music for his ears.His hand surrounded her neck pressing his rings as he thrust her.Draco pounded her over and over again letting go a few soft groans from his lips.His hips pressing hers as his thrusts became deeper.A few seconds later, her legs began to tremble.A ragged moan came out of her lips when she asked him to go harder.And so he did.Her slick and warm walls tightened even more around his throbbing, hard and thick dick, which was ready to explode too.The climax previously built inside her exploded like a star within her being. Her toes rolled up while her back arched. She was seeing stars feeling her second orgasm sending currents all her body.Draco was fascinated by the view. Her beauty was unreal and that enchanted him.His eyes kept staring at her slender frame, watching her become more and more undone as he pounded her.He groaned hoarsely feeling a current journeying his body at the same time he came inside her, his thick cum filling her interior, mixing his fluids with hers.Draco let go the grip of her neck while he still panted, and without coming out of her."Ow..." she whimpered when her legs fell. He chuckled softly getting out of her. "Don't laugh," she complained with a pout throwing him a small pillow that was near her on the bed."Come here," he said by taking her hands and sitting her on the bed. "Fucking gorgeous you are."She blushed chuckling softly.She pulled him until they both fell on the bed, one next to the other, then she turned to look at his profile."Do you want a photo?" He chuckled still panting and with his eyes closed."I already have many," she replied laughing.He opened his eyes and turned his head to look at her."You know I love you right?""Yes, I know," she chuckled. "You told me last month."He narrowed her eyes at her playfully."I love you," she said lost in his eyes."I'm going to take you out of all this, Leevy, I swear," he murmured by passing a strand of hair behind her ear.Her eyes watered."Just kiss me..." she whispered closing her eyes.He placed a hand on her cheek, attracting her to him, causing her lips to clash, like a breathe.His lips captured hers and her upper lip fell between his. Then he pressed it making a small sound.She was his favourite flavour."Is gonna be just us... I promise..." he whispered against her lips pressing their foreheads before leaving a kiss on it, and she nodded before taking his cheek and kissing him again. "O here will I set up my everlasting rest

And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world-wearied flesh.

Eyes, look your last.

Arms, take your last embrace!

And, lips, O you, the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death!"

–Romeo and Juliet -

Willian Shakespeare–

"Moony..." called Leevanna in a whisper with her eyes full of tears.

"She is in a better place now, Flowery," whispered Luna caressing her hair.

Three days had passed since Aly's death. Draco frowned.The back of his pen pressed his lower lip a couple of times.His back was laying on the back of the chair and had one leg half stretched while the other was flexed.He observed Leevanna's semi-naked body carefully.Starting with her hair, then her face's profile, descending through her neck.Her shoulders, her collarbones, her breasts... Everything was normal.He continued through her arms and went straight down to her legs, gazing up her thighs and ass.His view focussed on her abdomen.And he went down to her bellyHis eyes narrowed before he left the pen on his desk."Come here," he said extending a hand.She turned to look at him and left the shirt she had to approach him and take his hand.He took her hips putting her exactly between his legsShe frowned when she saw him surround her waist with his hands.He was — was he measuring her?"What are you supposed to be doing?" She asked confused seeing how he let out a sigh when he saw his thumbs still brushed."Making sure of something," he said, looking up at her."I didn't know you cared so much about the body," she raised an eyebrow."No, dumb," he huffed taking her wrist to sit her on one of his legs. "I make sure your body hasn't changed.""What are you talking — oh..."He chuckled softly before leaving a kiss on her forehead."Your body is perfect and it's something that will never worry me," he sighed taking her right thigh to sit her on him. "I just... Don't want to take risks — I don't want to hurt you again...""Stop thinking it was your fault," she said leaving a small kiss on his lips. "Because it wasn't."His hands intertwined behind her back and her arms surrounded his neck."And you would never hurt me, remember?" He nodded. "Now... Let's not talk about it anymore.""And what do you want to talk about?" He pressed their foreheads."Call me mental..." she sighed closing her eyes. "But I feel as if something was wrong."He frowned."Not with me," she rushed.His heartbeat calmed again."Then?" He asked sticking her body to his."When Luna and I were small," she began, "we created a kind of charm to feel the other's presence, it was her idea actually," she sighed. "And a few hours ago I touched that stone... And I can't feel her safe.""Why do you do weird things?" He chuckled."Draco!""Fine... Fine," he laughed. "So... You're worried because you cannot feel Luna's presence safe?""Something like that," she nodded. "Is... I don't know how to explain it... Is like... I can feel her close... But at the same time don't.""Why don't we go walk in the snow?" He proposed kissing the skin of her neck and taking her hips hard, pulling her closer.His wet kisses left a small trace of bruises on her white skin."We can't leave the room," she murmured closing her eyes when she felt his lips on the edge of her breasts."If we don't make noise, no one will realise it," he said against her skin before kissing her breast again."Are you talking in a double sense?" She tangled her fingers into his blond hair while he caressed the curves of her waist."Maybe..." he murmured by entering a hand under her underwear. "Maybe not," he laughed before giving her a spank on her ass that made her jump."That's not fair!" She complained when he lifted her to leave her on the bed."I know," he said smirking before putting on his black shirt. "Let's go?""Fine," she huffed stretched out of bed and grab her sports leggings of the same colour.And maybe walking would be good for them at that time.The times they genuinely laughed were few, they were usually silent, listening to their breaths, other times reading.They didn't really have enough reasons to laugh.They only smiled when they saw the other. That was the only reason they kept doing it. They were tired, mentally, and physically.Being at war was tired... Pretty tired.When they left the room, the cold and hostile aura next to the silence of the manor hit them.Draco looked for Leevanna's hand and walked slowly along the passageway until they reached the stairs. He was begging that his aunt wouldn't be at home and not find them around.They knew that, if Draco weren't Narcissa's son and Leevanna wasn't like her daughter, they would both be in the dungeons just because yes. Bellatrix was crazy and was the only Death Eater who didn't respect Lord Voldemort's opinion about Leevanna."Let's go through the back door," he murmured walking quickly across the place until both reached the kitchen.Both released a sigh of relief when they were outside the house. The cold weather was absolutely nothing compared to the one which felt in the manor.Leevanna took some of the snow under her and threw it at Draco on his face before releasing laughter. He imitated her action and chuckled softly seeing how she spit the snow out of her mouth.She took his hand and both began to walk through the back gardens in silence.The silence was fine.It relaxed them.It meant they were calm."Tomorrow is Christmas Eve," she murmured as she clung to his arm."Do you want to do something?" He asked the same way. She shrugged her shoulders.The truth was that Leevanna hadn't remembered until that time that they were close to the dates, but their memory dancing next to Narcissa last year had settled in her brain."Are you cold?" He asked turning his head to look at her. Her cheeks were red just like her nose.She denied with her head before letting go of his grip and run to one of the statues."I remember this," she smiled to see the crack in the ceramics."The first time you came here," he smiled too. "No one heard about this.""I wonder if..." she murmured by touching the statue's arm causing it to fall.Draco burst into laughter."Yep, it keeps falling," she laughed, too, before putting the arm back in place. 

"What does that even mean?!"

"It means that you are a bottle blonde!"

Draco opened his mouth in outrage.

"And you look like a Grindylow!"

This time was Leevanna's turn.

Both began to cast spells with their wands chasing themselves throughout the garden.

"Oh, hell..." Draco whispered seeing what they had both done.

"We're screwed..." Leevanna murmured watching the statue's arm on the snow.

"Draco! Leevy! Lunch is ready!" Narcissa called them from the distance starting to walk towards them.

Both looked scared and took their ceramic arm in a hurry to put it back in place before the woman reached them. "How did we end up like this?" Leevanna asked when she saw the ring in her hand."How do we go from throwing things into fucking?" She hit him on his arm and he chuckled softly. "I just wanted to eat my cookie that night.""Thank you for made me laugh that night, Malfoy," she gave him a closed-mouth smile."You are welcome, Vaughan.""Why did you kiss me? In third year," she laughed taking a flower from the garden."I didn't plan to do it," he sneered. "You just didn't shut up.""Yeah, and you shut me up," she breathed placing the flower in her hair."And I would do it again," he whispered in her ear. "Because I loved it."She blushed helplessly."You still are an oxygenated git," she rolled her eyes smiling."And you still look like a Grindylow."And in so much darkness, that was a small ray of light.A few minutes later, both walked back to the manor, they didn't want someone to see them outside the house. When both entered, she was the first to take out her gloves and keep them in her coat's pocket."Do you want hot chocolate?" He asked seeing the note his mother had left."Please," she sighed before turning her head to the door.She frowned and sharpened her hearing when she heard footsteps on the floor below.

Leevanna walked slowly toward the door and leaned a hand on the wall still frowning."Leevy, no," Draco murmured taking her wrist before she set foot on the stairs."There are people downstairs," she murmured, making him frown."What are you talking about?""I heard footsteps," she whispered looking the stairs."Leevy, those are the cellars, there's no one down there," he whispered back."Just — I have a feeling..." she breathed feeling how her heart started to beat fast."Leevy... If something happens to you—""Please — just — come with me," she begged still whispering."Fine," he sighed lowly taking his wand out of his pocket.Leevanna imitated his action and both began to walk down the stairs slowly and making no noise. Both wands lighted up at the tip thanks to the spell Lumos.The green-eyed felt a current in her spine as she walked.That presence...   "...Moony?" She breathed walking.   "...Flowery? That's you?"Her heart stopped."Oh my God..." Leevanna gasped getting off Draco's grip and running in the girl's direction.The girl threw her arms to her neck before taking her cheeks and sticking their foreheads."What are you doing here?" She gasped. "How — what happened — oh, God..." the green-eyed hugged her again."The Hogwarts Express," Luna confessed pressing their fronts again. "The Quibbler has quite a reputation, y'know?""Are you okay?" Leevanna asked."Just a little hungry," Luna laughed before looking behind her head. "Hello, Draco."The blond was looking at the scene in shock.He was frozen.There were people in the cellars.What the fuck was happening in the manor?"There's more people?" He muttered looking away."Mr Ollivander and Griphook," replied the blue-eyed turning her head back. "They're a little hungry too."He nodded still lost in his thoughts."I'm going — I'm going to bring food here, okay? Wait for me," said Leevanna waving to the other two people before starting to walk through the stairs again.Draco frowned without being able to react well to the situation.There were people... In the cellars...Why the fuck were there people in the cellars?Leevanna returned to the place in less than a minute, carrying a kind of basket full of food that she had found in the kitchen next to jugs of water."Thank you, Leevy," smiled Luna."I suppose — I guess it will last until..." she upped her gaze and looked at the rood trying to think. "Tomorrow?" she closed her eyes. "The day after—" she frowned looking at Luna again. "I don't know — I — I'll bring more—""Leevy, Leevy," Luna laughed pressing their foreheads. "It's okay... We're only three here, and that's a lot of food, it's gonna be okay...""Are you sure? Moony... I can — I need to do something... If they hurt you — oh, God, ...did they hurt you? I'm so bloody stupid — I should've asked that first—"Her body began to tremble."Don't cry..." reassured Luna cleaning her tears. "Nobody hurt me, Flowery... We're okay.""I just — I'm so sorry, Moony..." she cried again."Why are you apologising, Flowery?" Luna chuckled softly. "You really need to stop doing that."Leevanna hid her head in her neck while her tears silently fell on her cheeks. Luna caressed her hair gently while hugging her.Steps were heard on the top floor."You have to go," Luna said taking her cheeks and pressing their fronts."I swear I'm going to find a way to get you out of here," she promised before hugging her again quickly. "I'll see you again when I can. Hide the food and the water.""Go now, Leevy, I'll be fine," reassured the blue-eyed and she nodded."Draco, we have to go up," she told him taking his wrist and starting to leave the place.Once they were in the kitchen again, Leevanna took the two cups of hot chocolate and both walked back in their room's direction. She left the cups on the desk and went back to the door to lock and murmur 'Muffliato'.It was already a habit.Then she turned her head to where the blond was."Draco?" She called."There are people..." he murmured. "There's fucking people...""Draco, Draco..." she said standing in front of him. "They're fine... Okay? It's not your fault...""There's  fucking people in the cellars of my house..." he murmured looking her in the eye. "My house, Leevanna... My cellars...""No," she rushed. "It's not your fault, do you understand me?" She said extending her arms and taking his cheeks. "They're not your cellars... It's not your fault..." she continued. "Look at me," he ordered him to concentrate her eyes on his, "it's not your fault.""Leevy..." he murmured with a knot in his throat. "What's happening at my house?""A nightmare, my life..." she gave him a closed-mouth smile. "It's just a nightmare..." ༄ 

He caressed her hair as he looked into her eyes.An hour away from Christmas.Both were laying on the bed, one in front of the other, in silence. The sound of the snow falling and the wind was the only thing that could be heard."I want to do something," she muttered."What do you want to do?" He asked in the same way while caressing his hair."Take my hand," she whispered and he obeyed without thinking twice.Both apparated in what looked like a cemetery.She led him by the hand around the place in silence. Their steps were heard on the snow. Leevanna took the notebook out of her pocket and looked for a page while walking. 

  What have I done?

  God, what have I done?

  I knew I had to escape when those children began casting spells left and right.

  Oh, thank God, my Leevanna wasn't there.

  I left Nicholas behind.

  I don't regret it.

  By this moment, the Aurors must have already found them.

  I know they're coming for me now. Leevanna and Draco stopped in front of a black ceramic grave.'Here rests Neferet Jullieth Sthone-Vaughan'Leevanna crouched down. 

  They're here for me...

  I know I deserve it

  I've done many things that I regret.

  But regretting doesn't mean that I'm going to be free.

  I know they'll arrive here at any time to take me to Azkaban.

  Adrian said that he could set me free from there, but I know they are gonna execute me.

  And I know he is gonna manage all the inheritance I left behind well.

  I trust him... He was and always be my first.

  I left a letter to my Leevanna.

  I hope she could forgive me one day.

  The day of judgement will be my last time admiring her beautiful face.

  Forgive me, Leevanna.

  Forgive me for all the things I did to you and let them do to you.

  Be brave my love, be free... Mummy loves you. She cleaned the tears that fell down her cheeks."I love you, mummy..." she whispered placing a hand on the black marble. "I forgive you..."Draco crouched down next to her and with his wand he made two white roses appear.He took her cheeks before pressing their foreheads and leaving a kiss on hers."Happy Christmas, Leevy," he whispered."Happy Christmas, Draco." Neferet smiled standing idly and leaning her head on the wall.

"You chose the book the last time!" Said Draco.

"My house! My turn!" Said Leevanna

"I don't want to read about princesses again!"

"It's Draco's turn, Leevy," Neferet murmured, capturing the attention of both.

"See?! It's my turn!"

"If you make me read again about those beasts I swear I'll punch you!"

Neferet pressed her lips to avoid laughing and left a thick book on the table without both realising it, then she left.

"Oh, look, this is about time travel," Draco said looking the book.

"Wait—" Leevanna frowned. "How did my mum call me?"

"Leevanna, I suppose."

She nodded slowly before sitting on the sofa confused. She was almost sure she had heard something else. "I have something for you," both said and then chuckled.Both walked to get out of the cemetery."You know you don't have to give me anything, Leev," he said. "You give me everything just by breathing.""We're romantic today, huh?" She said playfully raising an eyebrow.He narrowed his eyes at her playfully.She smiled and took his hand to return to Malfoy Manor.When they were in their room again, Leevanna took a small black box out of a drawer from the desk. And Draco took a grey box out of his night table."Here," she said, giving him the box and receiving her own.He opened the box and took what was inside carefully.It was a snow sphere, only that instead of snow there were stars. At the bottom were two people laying into the grass of a garden."This is...?""The second time we kissed, yes," she chuckled seeing his smile.She opened her box and took a hand to her mouth when she saw the content. A Chinese lamp made of glass with a small gold inscription in the middle: 'Always'."I fucking love you, Draco Malfoy," she said surrounding his neck with her arms standing on tippy toes."I fucking love you, Leevanna Vaughan," he chuckled lifting her a little. ༄ 

She wanted to kill them all.One by one, dig a fork on their eyes until she reached their useless brains and took it off through that small hole as they twist in pain and beg for a bit of mercy."We have the giants," said Rowle taking two paws to put it on the front."But that isn't enough!" said Alecto taking more of the chess pieces to place them next to the ones Rowle had put."How many do you need?!" said the man pushing aside the pieces. "They are fucking giants, woman! For Salazar's praised sake!""If you haven't noticed," said Alecto crossing her arms, "they are more than us," she continued. "So, yeah! We need more!"Leevanna sighed and passed her hands up her face. They had been arguing for twenty minutes."Then four giants," said Amycus placing the paws again on the chessboard. "Nobody wins.""If we use too many," growled Rowle pushing aside the other two pieces, "they are going to even kill us, those beasts are fucking brainless.""But two aren't enough," growled Alecto covering her face with her hands."If they fucking step on you, I swear, woman, I fucking swear that I won't help you," threatened Rowle pointing his finger at her."You shouldn't fucking even be here," laughed the Carrow woman sarcastically. "You failed the Dark Lord.""So did Dolohov!" the man said stretching his arm to point his companion. "And you're not saying anything about it!"Leevanna huffed lowly and rubbed her eyes with her fingers wishing a cup of tea as soon as possible but the Malfoys didn't have a house-elf anymore and the wizardry word didn't use maids or things like those that Muggles did."I just want a chamomile cuppa," she whispered as lowly as she could about to cry because everyone kept shouting and insulting at each other.Alecto was right, they weren't enough against all Hogwarts and the people by the side of fucking Dumbledore. But the six giants the woman wanted to put were excessive, two were enough as Rowle had said.That was one disadvantage they had in England, they didn't have enough members who would fight for their side. The groups were in Albania, Ireland, Germany, Bulgaria and Poland. They needed to get the people from there to be able to win.And Leevanna keeps being confused.Why is she wanting to help the side she is supposed to be betraying and abandoning the ship to let them sank? Why she was putting so much effort with their tactics and strategies if she was supposed to be with the Order?She was so fucking confused.She knows that if she goes now with the Order next to Draco and says to them that they want to help them, the Order wouldn't believe them and they would throw them to the streets.What was the point to fight for the Order if she liked the nickname some of the Death Eaters had started giving her? Being Voldemort's successor would never be in her plans for the future, but — being called the Dark Lady? Holy shit, she was here for it.She loved planning how to attack and think about things they may do to beat their enemies. She certainly loves being respected inside that room by people who laugh at her dark humour and makes jokes with her.She wants to kill them, yes, but she may let them hoke with her for a few seconds before digging them a fork.The two buttons are still there, the wall the maze put her is still there. Both are waiting for whatever her answer is to continue the maze and try to make it to the end.She is so fucking confused.She is lost.       The Dark Lady doesn't sound bad, says a voice inside her head.       Do you want to torture innocent people? Asks another one frowning.Nobody is completely innocent, shrugs the first one who talked.She had said that years ago. When being a general in a war was a joke and the only thing she dreamed of was being able to kill herself.And she wishes so much that being the highest general in the dining room of Malfoy Manor was just a joke and she would wake up still being in her third year at Hogwarts.Nor that her life had been so much easier at that time though. It had been as awful as the next following years and the ones before.All bad things with small, ephemeral moments of happiness she didn't know if she deserved.She wishes that liking the Dark Lady thing was just a bad taste joke.She could even see herself like that. Wearing regal suits and fashionable clothes all the time as she discusses attack tactics with Draco and more people. They could have that house they had been talking about, in a remote village and an enormous forest that surrounded them. A dog, a snake, children even.

Power had been her favourite word such a long time ago that she didn't even remember it.Why she couldn't go back to be that Leevanna Vaughan? That one she once had feared for the things she was capable of without measuring the consequences. That Leevanna who once had wished being Minister of Magic and be treated like a sort of Queen.That Leevanna Vaughan had yearned with being as respected and at the same time feared, Voldemort had been before he returned to life.She could see herself, having dragons as pets again and living in a sort of castle just for herself.What had happened with that Leevanna? What had happened with the Ice Queen?She was dead. Buried in the deepest point of the graveyard her body was.Why? Because she had fucking fallen in fucking love. Because she had let the fucking sun burn her empire that now was just fucking ruins and a shadow of what she had aspired to be once.She is so fucking exhausted. And confused.What she is supposed to do? To be? What button she is reckoned to press? Which side she is presumed to choose? Who she is supposed to be helping? Why things had to be so difficult? So puzzled?Confusion is such a fucking cunt.More than Georgia is.She needs Georgia right now, but she doesn't know if she keeps attending her dear patients or already took her bags as she said she would do when she wasn't happy anymore.Happiness was even a thing at this point?Hope. It was still a dangerous thing for a woman like Leevanna.And they all keep shouting, next thing she hears is Dolohov saying something to Yaxley. Then is Alecto fighting with Rowle and Amycus. Theodore's father discussing with Pansy's and Lhu's."We—"   "ENOUGH!"And her palms burn and sting because she has slammed the table with such force that all trembled for several seconds. Her eyes captured everyone present giving a small jump in their seats due to the loud and angry tone of her voice."FUCKING ENOUGH WITH YOU ALL!" she yells again. "You fucking look like fucking babies fucking fighting for a fucking liquorice wand!""I—""NO!" she cuts Rowle off. "I am fucking tired of dealing with your useless and imbecile cunt arses!" everyone is looking at her, in silent. "We are in a fucking open war, you motherfucking cunts! Not in fucking Kindergarten, for Goddess' sake!"In a growl, she grabs her wand and moves the magical hologram in front of her to have full sight of Hogwarts.And they keep being in silent, respecting that she just shut all their mouths and sat everyone down all in one. She just put them in their senses as the Dark Lord would do — but using Cruciatus or the Killing curse directly.But with her... Her voice had been enough.And she raises her gaze from the table when everyone keeps being in silent. Her eyes fix on Draco, who is by her side and turned to look at her covering his mouth with his fist trying not to laugh.She could be so fucking terrifying and he would just try and not to laugh because for him she looked fluffy with all her face rosy.He knows her so much that he knows she is so confused for the silent and that's why she is looking at him.Draco stretches his hand and points the map for her to explain what she was going to say. She rolled her eyes before looking at Alecto."This is Hogwarts Viaduct Courtyard," said Leevanna, "where do you want to put the giants."Alecto clarified her throat softly and grabbed her wand to make appear the beasts on the planes. "I was saying to arm a sort of battalion and put the giants at the head.""Fine, just two of them," sighed Leevanna pushing aside the pieces over the chessboard to accommodate it again, all the pieces were black. "Rowle is right, they are brainless and is very difficult to make them understand their jobs.""Thank—""Shut up," and the man did it at her words."Could I..?" the green-eyed nodded at Alecto's petition. "If we can't use too many giants, I would suggest, as Malfoy said, to put a troll.""You said that?" she turned her head towards her husband and he shrugged crossing his arms over his chest. He still had that playful smirk."If we can entrain them to follow orders, we even could use two," he said looking at her and she nodded agreeing."Fine," Leevanna sighed, "two giants and a troll just for now," and her hands accommodated more paws. "Alecto you are in charge of that, your whim, your responsibility because I'm not here to do everything for you.""Fine," nodded Alecto sighing and crossing her arms over her chest."Now, Rowle," said Leevanna upping her gaze from the table to look at him. "We, as Alecto said, aren't enough, we need more people.""But here in England there're difficult to make them be with us," he said."And because of that, you are gonna go to Germany," she said. "There's a group there, twenty or twenty-five Death Eaters plus some Snatchers," she continued and he nodded. "I want you to go there tomorrow at the latest.""Whatever you say," said Rowle nodding once more."Amycus," she turned to look at him, "you are going to Poland, there's a group a bit more big, thirty to forty.""You want me to put them de Dark Marks?""Do whatever you want," she said looking away. No, she didn't want him to do that but she couldn't say it. "They just need to be here when the Dark Lord orders it," Amycus nodded.       Feels great, doesn't it? asks the voice in her head. Giving orders and such.And she closes her eyes, trying to ignore it."Dolohov.""Yes, princess?""What about the new hexes we discussed the last meeting?" she asked. She had decided to let him do whatever at this point, she was too tired to fight for a stupid nickname."All ready, just need to teach them," he answered and she nodded."When the groups are here you're gonna do that, teach to them all they need to know," she said. "We can learn them in these days."And nobody said otherwise."Yaxley," she called him and he raised his glass as an answer, "how's the Ministry of Magic going?" and her hand poured Dragon Tears in her glass as she spoke."Umbridge keeps being a cunt," he sighed. "Thicknesse isn't longer an important factor and the submissive bitch is getting boring," he continued before a grin illuminated his face. "And I keep fucking his wife.""Cheers for the little one," and both clinched glasses before she continued talking. "Let's see..." she muttered passing her gaze along the table to see who more could be useful. "Messrs Oneyl," she chose, "could you go to Ireland? There's a group there.""Count with that," said Aura Oneyl with a soft closed-mouth smile and a nod."Messrs Parkinson," she continues, "you are in charge to go to Bulgaria, just carefulness with Karkarov.""We're in," nodded Pansy's father."Mr Nott," said Leevanna feeling the bitterness on the tip of her tongue when some of the man's features were similar to Theo's, "it would he likely for you to go with Amycus to Poland," the man nodded.       They respect you, says again that voice. They see you as a general, a feared and highest one.She closes her eyes again before running her fingers through her hair and pushing it backwards. Is trying to ignore it, really."You can go back to your fucking knitting," she huffs finally sitting down. "Reports in two weeks and do NOT fuck all up again."And the people start to leave the dining room.She covers her face with her hands and slides them up and down a few time to try and keep thinking."You were amazing," Draco sighs passing an arm around her, guiding her body to lean on his. "Is okay..." he mutters hearing her sobs against his suit as her hands cling to his clothes and he embraces her tightly, resting his cheek on her hair. "All is over, you can cry, Leevy."The days pass too quickly. Everything is going too fucking fast.And she isn't able to make a choice yet. ༄ 

"Then — Ginny — she — Ha. She found us naked!" Lhu burst into laughter. "In the shower!"Pansy spit her drink."I swear you three are crazy," laughed Leevanna.Lhu sighed laughing. "It was worthy," she smiled. "You should've seen her face, Merlin.""Why is Oneyl getting better sex than me?" Complained Theo. "That's not fair.""Didn't you hooked up with Lovegood before Christmas?" Asked Blaise."Yeah," Theo sighed proudly. "But haven't seen her since then, I can't find her anywhere."Draco glanced at Leevanna and she glanced at him. They couldn't say anything, they know. And they hate keeping secrets more than anything in this world."My parents are taking away my inheritance," Lhu said, sighing."They what?" Asked Pansy frowning. "Why?""When I got home, they wanted to put me The Dark Mark," she confessed. "I refused, said everything I thought of them, grabbed my things to go, and my father said, 'You put one foot outside this house or go with those blood-traitors and you stop being my daughter'," she ended up before taking from her glass. "I guess I'm not an Oneyl anymore.""I'm so sorry, Lhu..." muttered Leevanna. She saw it coming, she knew about her best friend's parents for her future and yet she didn't say anything. She hates herself."Nah, it's okay," she chuckled. "Now I'm a Weasley..." she said shrugging. "I'm following your steps, Leevanna Malfoy.""I'm sorry — what the fuck is happening?" Said Theo."You haven't realised their rings?" Pansy snickered. "They've been there since our sixth year.""Leev, really?" The girl opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted. "Why didn't you send me an owl to get you out of there? You had time to escape, woman! I mean, did you prefer this bottle blondie than me? What happened to our moment in second year? Did you forget me so quickly?""Nott, I saved her from dying that year," said Draco turning his head to look at him."I'm not talking to you, grandpa.""If he had been distracted, I would've escaped with you, Theo," chuckled Leevanna.Draco turned his head at her."Excuse me — what did you just say?""I knew it!" Said Theo proudly. Draco glared at him. "Damn it blonde, is a joke, not a dick, don't take it too hard.""I want to leave my house," Pansy sighed while Lhu caressed her hair."But you are old daddy's princess," said Theo before drinking his Fire Whiskey. Pansy took off her middle finger."Come with me," said Lhu. "I'm leaving next week... And I can talk with Mr and Mrs Weasley tomorrow and—""No, Lhu," Pansy sighed. "You've done enough for me already," she gave her a closed-mouth smile. "And I did terrible things to them, I don't want to cause trouble.""I'm sure they can forgive you," said Lhu."It's okay, Lhu, I'll be fine," Pansy smiled. "Besides, do you think these two are going to survive without me?" she sneered pointing to Theodore and Blaise."It's true," Theo sighed. "With who are we going to have threesomes if she isn't here?"Pansy took out her middle finger."I'll come to visit you," Lhu smiled in her direction. "And you'd better come too," she said pointing at Draco and Leevanna."We're not coming back," Draco sighed."What do you mean?""We can't leave the mansion again," Leevanna confessed. "They want us back for the day after tomorrow.""So... This is our last meeting..." Blaise said, putting his hands on his legs."Yeah..." they all said in a murmur."We'll see each other again," Lhu said. "Maybe the next month, maybe in two years... But we'll see each other again.""We're Slytherins, the snakes always find their way back," said Blaise."I thought you were talking about the other snakes, like my—""Gross," Pansy laughed interrupting Theo. ༄ 

"Hi, Luna," Leevanna smiled before hugging the girl."Hi, Leevy," Luna smiled. "Oh, chocolate frogs! It's been months since the last I eat one.""Are you three okay here? Do you need anything?""We are okay," Luna smiled."Leev, we have to go," Draco hastened, approaching her. "They are about to get here.""Fuck— Okay, okay," she breathed. "I will see you soon, Moony.""Goodbye, Flowery," Luna smiled."Leev, let's go," said Draco taking her wrist to get out of the place. ༄ 

"My loves," Narcissa murmured taking a strand of hair behind Leevanna's ear. "I need you to wake up.""Cissy?" Leevanna said opening hereyes little by little. That had been the first day they could take a nap after breakfast, six uninterrupted hours sleeping was certainly a miracle. "What's wrong?""I'm so sorry..." she said, caressing her hair again. "Just... Come down.""Okay..." the girl sighed while Draco scratched his eyelid with his wrist.Narcissa went to the door while both stood off the bed.Draco took Leevanna's wrist while she scratching her eye with the other.Leevanna focussed on the appearance Narcissa had. She looked like she had cried for months without stopping and hadn't eaten in weeks. Her face was unhealthy pale and the beautiful makeup that once she wore, was faded.And Lucius was worse.He all the signs of a man who had been relentlessly tortured for months until his pride had abandoned him and his spirit had been subdued... And he had been tortured...All of that loud and aristocratic arrogance had diminished, as had that attention-demanding confidence of a married couple in power.Narcissa left them by the fireplace and left for a few minutes and then returned followed by the Snatchers.Leevanna sought Draco's hand and held it tightly."Follow me," said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. "My son, Draco, and his wife are home for their Easter holidays. If that is Harry Potter, they will know."Leevanna froze in her place when she saw who were behind the woman."What is this?" The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy made Leevanna turn her head."They say they've got Potter," said Narcissa's cold voice. "Draco, Leevy, come here."Draco took Leevanna by the hand standing a few feet from the boy.Although his face was huge, shiny and pink, every feature distorted. His black hair reached his shoulders and there was a dark shadow around his jaw... Both knew it was Harry."Well, Draco?" Said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. "Is it? Is it Harry Potter?""I can't — I can't be sure," Draco said. He was keeping his distance from Greyback and seemed as scared of looking at Potter as Potter was of looking at him."Leevanna?" Asked Lucius again."I can't be sure either," replied the scared girl while Draco pulled her gently behind him."But look at him carefully, look! Come closer!" Lucius Malfoy said excitedly as he approached his son. "Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv—""Now, we won't be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mr Malfoy.""You dare to talk to me like that in my own house?" Lucius shouted making both teenagers jump. Leevanna's eyes began to burn."Lucius!" Narcissa shouted between teeth pulling her husband away.Draco and Leevanna slowly crouched to see the boy in front of them."What's wrong with his face?" Asked the blond."Yeah, what did you do to him?" Lucius asked Greyback. "How did he get into this state?""That wasn't us.""Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me," said Lucius approaching again.His grey eyes raked Harry Potter's forehead."There's something there," he whispered, "it could be the scar, stretched tight... Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?"And Draco had the urgency of pulling Leevanna behind him away from his father while they stood up."I don't know," he said, and he walked away next to Leevanna towards the fireplace where his mother stood watching."We had better be certain, Lucius," Narcissa called to her husband in her cold, clear voice. "Completely sure that it is Potter before we summon the Dark Lord... They say this is his," she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand, "but it doesn't resemble Ollivander's description... If we are mistaken, if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing... remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?""What about the Mudblood, then?" Growled Greyback.Leevanna passed Ron's gaze to Hermione and vice versa, as if she could disappear them that way, then looked at the fire."Wait," said Narcissa sharply. "Yes— yes, she was in Madam Malkin's with Potter! I saw her picture in the Prophet! Look, Leevanna, isn't it the Granger girl?"She could lie to everyone in the world, even to herself and Draco... But Narcissa Malfoy? No. She couldn't. No mattered what thing it was, she wasn't able to lie to her."I... maybe... yeah," she replied without making visual contact with the Gryffindor girl that once was so nice to her."But then, that's the Weasley boy!" Shouted Lucius, striding around the bound prisoners to face Ron. "It's them, Potter's friends— Draco, Leevanna, look at him, isn't it Arthur Weasley's son, what's his name—?""Yeah," said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. "It could be."The drawing-room door opened behind Potter. A woman spoke, and the sound of the voice wound Draco and Leevanna's fear to an even higher pitch.The things just kept getting worse and worse.No air. Not a single moment to even blink. All was happening in a matter of seconds. The time seemed grains of sand floating away of hands when the breeze caressed them whit its song."What is this? What's happened, Cissy?" Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around the prisoners, and stopped on Harry's right, staring at Hermione through her heavily lidded eyes."But surely," she said quietly, "this is the Mudblood girl? This is Granger?""Yes, yes, it's Granger!" Cried Lucius. "And beside her, we think, Potter! Potter and his friends, caught at last!""Potter?" Shrieked Bellatrix, and she backed away, the better to take in Harry. "Are you sure?" she said excitedly. "Well, then, the Dark Lord must be informed at once!"Leevanna pale, more than she was already, and looked up at Draco, who tightened his embrace around her waist to keep her close to him.Bellatrix dragged back her left sleeve: the Dark Mark burned into the flesh of her arm, and knew that she was about to touch it, to summon her beloved master—"I was about to call him!" Said Lucius, and his hand actually closed upon Bellatrix's wrist, preventing her from touching the Mark. "I shall summon him, Bella, Potter has been brought to my house, and it is therefore upon my authority—""Your authority!" She sneered, attempting to wrench her hand from his grasp. "You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius!" she said raising her voice. "How dare you! Take your hands off me!""This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy—""Begging your pardon, Mr Malfoy," interjected Greyback, "but it's us that caught Potter, and it's us that'll be claiming the gold—""Gold!" Laughed Bellatrix, still attempting to throw off her brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand. "Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the honour of his—of—"She stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon something."What is that?" She said."Sword," grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher."Give it to me!""It was in her bag when we searched her," he grunted again. "Reckon it's mine now."There were a bang and a flash of red light: Leevanna gave a small, imperceptible jump when the Snatcher was Stunned and the sword flew through the air to land on the floor. There was a roar of anger from his fellows: Scabior drew his wand."Are you mad?!""Go!" cried out Bellatrix. "Get out!""What d'you think you're playing at, woman?""Stupefy," she screamed, "stupefy!"They were no match for her, even though there were four of them against one of her: she was a witch, with prodigious skill and no conscience. They fell where they stood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, his arms outstretched. Out of the corners of his eyes, Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face waxen.Lucius was in front of Draco, who was in front of Leevanna, the first one was trying to protect them of the harm Bellatrix was infringing."Where did you get this sword?" She whispered to Greyback as she pulled his wand out of his unresisting grip."How dare you?" He snarled his mouth the only thing that could move as he was forced to gaze up at her. He bared his pointed teeth. "Release me, woman!""Where did you find this sword?" She repeated, brandishing it in his face."It was in their tent," rasped Greyback. "Release me, I say!"She waved her wand and the werewolf sprang to his feet but appeared too wary to approach her. He prowled behind an armchair, his filthy, curved nails clutching its back."Draco, Leevanna, move this scum outside," said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men. "If you haven't got the guts to finish them, then leave them in the courtyard for me.""Don't you dare— Don't you dare speak to Draco and Leevy like—" said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix screamed."Be quiet!" she had said. "The situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, Cissy!" the curly-haired woman was desperate. "We have a very serious problem!"She stood, panting slightly, looking down at the sword, examining its hilt. Then she turned to look at the silent prisoners."If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed," she muttered, more to herself than to the others. "The Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself... but if he finds out... I must— I must know..."She turned back to her sister again."Cissy, put the boys in the cellar!""This is my house, Bella," said Narcissa tired of her behaviour and closing her eyes, "you don't give orders in my—""Do it! You have no idea of the danger we are in!" Shrieked Bellatrix: she looked frightening, mad; a thin stream of fire issued from her wand and burned a hole in the carpet.Narcissa hesitated for a moment, then addressed the werewolf. "Take these prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback.""Wait," said Bellatrix sharply. "All except ... except for the Mudblood. I want to have a little conversation with this one, girl-to-girl!"Greyback grunted pleasure."No!" shouted Ron. "You can have me, keep me!"Leevanna's heart started beating fast.The memories...Bellatrix hit him across the face; the blow echoed around the room."If she dies under questioning, I'll take you next," she said. "Blood traitor is next to Mudblood in my book. Take them downstairs, Greyback, and make sure they are secure but do nothing more to them— yet."       Aly...

"Keep your eyes open..." Bellatrix threw Greyback's wand back to him, then took a short silver knife from under her robes.She cut Hermione free from the other prisoners, then dragged her by the hair into the middle of the room while Greyback forced the rest of them to shuffle across to another door, into a dark passageway, his wand held out in front of him, projecting an invisible and irresistible force. "You are... A shame for this family..." Leevanna could listen to her father's voice. She had thought she had already forgotten it, how it sounded when he said that she was nothing, that she deserved to be punished by her actions.She remembers his funeral, the looks the part of his family gave to her when she lit a cigarette and then, when she finished, threw it at his grave when they were putting the dirt over the coffin. A laugh had escaped her throat when she heard their sisters and mother crying, she had been already far away, fortunately.The memory had vanished in her mind, had faded away like smoke does when the breeze caresses it.For her mum's funeral, on the other hand, she remembers how the few persons present were so silent that even their heartbeats seemed louder. She remembers that she didn't cry, just a strange pierce bothered her for a couple of hours but then she forgot about it.Now she can feel her mum's hands embracing her tightly as if she was hugging her after a nightmare.The thing was that she had embraced her like that because Nicholas had been torturing children in their yard while the set of tea and picnic blanket remained on the grass whit flowers and some desserts over it.But it hadn't totally been Neferet's fault having to traumatise Leevanna with being touched even accidentally. The woman had had to embrace a child she hadn't loved if not several years later and see how the monster she had as a husband murdered people in front of her.Neferet had been traumatised too that day. After that, she shivered feeling the body of her daughter between her arms as she fought for her to release her. That was the main reason Neferet had never hugged Leevanna.And Leevanna can feel an invisible force preventing her to move and help.The glitchy and distorted images go that day merge with her reality.She sees the blanket, it had been a rosy and white coloured one with a large checkered pattern. The set of tea had been a porcelain one, with a white background and golden butterflies and flowers as decorations. The flowers had been lavenders from Dany's and Leo's part, orchids and peonies Alexy had brought for her as a gift, and spikenards Aly had made grow.Etton Mess, cherry and blueberry tartlets, lemon pies, ice cream, a chocolate cake with strawberries and vanilla biscuits — Aly's favourites.The picnic basket she had decided to use had been a white one, inside it there had been little plush bunnies and teddy bears with ribbons around their necks.The sun had brightened thrillingly that day, making Daniell's hair look like it was on fire. Its rays reflected everywhere and she could remember how Leo and Alexy had complained because the redhead girl made them use the flower crowns Aly and Leevanna had made.Aly's laugh was the loudest and cheerful of all them, Daniell was a little shy so she just chuckled. Alexy and Leo had made the girls dance a ballroom dance while they hummed horribly before starting to fight as if they were the Queen's soldiers.And she asks herself how is even possible that she remembered all those little details. It is even possible for her to feel the texture of the grass under her feet.The world had slowed. "Look, what have you done... This is your punishment..."    "Aly..." she breathed lowly.Draco turned to look at her.He took her wrist willing to take her out of there. He knows that she shouldn't see that type of torture again, she didn't deserve it, he had to take her out of—"You're not going anywhere," muttered Bellatrix looking at them with a sadistic smile.Bellatrix knew about Leevanna's little — and painful — secret; she and Nicholas had been good friends... Or, rather, comrades of torture. Though the woman had been a bit angry with Nicholas for abandoning the Dark Lord, soon enough she got out from Azkaban prison, Nicholas was already telling her all the things he had done in her absence.Draco released her wrist and nodded slowly trying to think about what he could do. Using his wand wasn't in the options, Bellatrix would definitely realise.He came up with something, that wasn't going to help much anyway, but at least it was something.All for his Leevy.He took a step to the side, standing behind Leevanna so that he could talk in her ear without anyone realising it."Close your eyes," he whispered as low as he could and she nodded slowly for anyone to realise. "I'm going be in front of you."He placed himself again in front of her, covering her body with his to block her vision with his back. "Please! Don't hurt her! Take me! Punish me! Hurt me!" "That sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringotts! How did you get it?!"Hermione screamed.Leevanna gave a small jump from the fright as she felt tears sliding down her cheeks and pressed her lips to not make any noise. "TAKE ME INSTEAD! PLEASE!" "I'm going to ask you again! Where did you get this sword?! Where?!""We found it — we found it — PLEASE!" Hermione screamed again.Leevanna clung to the back of Draco's blazer. "This is your fault... Look at what have you done..." "You are lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it!" Bellatrix bellowed. "You have been inside my vault at Gringotts! Tell the truth!" she continued. "Tell the truth!"Another terrible scream.Aly's images screaming were reproduced in Leevanna's mind.She couldn't differentiate her screams from Hermione's.They were practically the same... "Please stop..!" Alyssa cried twisting in pain. "What else did you take?!" asked Bellatrix in a yell. "What else have you got?!" her hand was gripping Hermione's hair tightly. "Tell me the truth or, I swear, I will run you through with this knife!"Draco's jaw clenched. Granger's screams were hurting the only reason why he was alive. His Leevy was crying silently for Bellatrix's fault. And he knows that ADN doesn't make fucking family. And he doesn't fucking care if he get's killed or something. He had promised Leevy he wouldn't let her suffer again.So he drew his wand imperceptibly and thought about something. Maybe a Numbling Spell would make the torture morr bearable. Granger could die and Leevanna wouldn't forgive herself. Again."I didn't take anything! Please! I didn't take anything!"Fortunately he was good with non-verbal spells. So he didn't waste more time."What else did you take, what else?!" bellows Bellatrix once more, but the girl under her just could cry. "ANSWER ME! CRUCIO!"Hermione's screams echoed off the walls.Leevanna held the blazer even harder and almost let out a sigh of relieve when he saw Draco's wand imperceptibly pointed to Granger before he hid it again.And she didn't think how to thank him enough."How did you get into my vault?!" She heard Bellatrix scream and the head of Hermione smash against the floor when the woman released her hair. "Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?""We only met him tonight!" Hermione sobbed. "We've never been inside your vault...! It isn't the real sword!" the Gryffindor girl swore. "It's a copy, just a copy!""A copy?!" Screeched Bellatrix. "Oh, a likely story!""But we can find out easily!" Came Lucius's voice.And Leevanna hated him."Wormtail!" called him Bellatrix making him appear immediately. "Fetch the goblin, he can tell us whether the sword is real or not!"Draco closed his eyes and thanked Salazar for her not saying his name. He felt the girl holding increasingly stronger to his blazer trying to calm the sobs that only he could hear.Leevanna opened her eyes at once when she didn't hear more screams, but she didn't move from her place.Her breathing had become heavy and her ears were almost plugged."I'm only going to ask you once more, goblin," said Bellatrix catching Leevanna's attention. "Think very, very carefully before you answer.""I don't know," answered the goblin."You don't know?" Mocked Bellatrix. "Why weren't you doing your job?! Who got into my vault?! Who stole it?!" she shouted. "Who stole it?! Well?!""When I was last in your vault, the sword was there," said Griphook hostile. "Perhaps it just walked out on its own then. There is no place safer than Gringotts.""Liar!" Screamed Bellatrix cutting his cheek. "Consider yourself lucky... goblin," she muttered.Her sight passed to Hermione, who laid unconscious on the middle of the floor."The same won't be said for this one," said Bellatrix's voice pulling away from the goblin, "Greyback, take her if you want her."   "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"Ron Weasley had burst into the drawing-room; Bellatrix looked around, shocked; she turned her wand to face Ron instead—"Expelliarmus!" He roared, pointing his wand at Bellatrix, and hers flew into the air and was caught by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron.Lucius, Narcissa, Leevanna and Draco wheeled about."Stupefy!" Harry yelled and Lucius Malfoy collapsed on to the hearth.Jets of light flew from Draco's, Leevanna's and Narcissa's wands; Harry threw himself to the floor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid them."STOP OR SHE DIES!"They all turned their gaze watching Bellatrix holding Hermione with a knife on her throat. Leevanna's brain was spinning around."Drop your wands."Ron stood rigid, clutching his wand. Harry straightened up, still holding Bellatrix's."I said, drop them!' Bellatrix screeched, pressing the blade into Hermione's throat: beads of blood appeared there."All right!" Harry shouted, and he dropped Bellatrix's wand on to the floor at his feet. Ron did the same with his. Both raised their hands to shoulder height."Good!" She yelled. "Leevanna, pick them up!"The girl did what was indicated to her quickly, avoiding throwing the wands because of her trembling hands."Well, well, well, look what we have here," sneered Bellatrix. "It's Harry Potter. He's all bright and shiny and new again, just in time for the Dark Lord," she smiled. "Call him," she ordered looking at Leevanna. "Call him," this time she looked at Draco.But non of them could react well. They didn't know exactly how to do it.Lucius went ahead.But before he can even touch his mark—A peculiar grinding noise from above.All of them looked upwards in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble.And, with a creak and an ominous jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrix was directly beneath it; dropping Hermione, she threw herself aside with a scream.Draco reacted quickly and covered Leevanna with his body, sticking his chest to her back and covering her face with his arms, both standing by their side.The chandelier crashed to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chains, falling on the ground.Leevanna held her breath and turned fast when she heard Harry's steps approaching.Both began to struggle for the wands, but he had more strength and, taking advantage that her hands continued trembling, pulled the wands of her hands without unintentionally pushing her to the floor next to Draco, both fell seated but get up quickly.As Narcissa dragged Draco and Leevanna out of the centre of the room, Bellatrix sprang to her feet, her hair flying as she brandished the silver knife, but Narcissa had directed her wand at the doorway."Stupid elf!" Screamed Bellatrix. "You could've killed me!""Dobby never meant to kill," said the elf. "Dobby only meant to maim or seriously injure.""Kill him, Cissy!" Shrieked Bellatrix, but there was another loud crack, and Narcissa's wand, too, flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room. "How dare you take a witch's wand?!" Bellatrix's angry scream echoed. "How dare you defy your masters?!""Dobby has no master," said the elf solemnly. "Dobby is a free elf... And Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends."And while the elf spun on the spot to Disapparate... Bellatrix's knife flew across the room at the place where he was vanishing.Narcissa leaned both hands on the teenagers' backs and quickly pushed them out of the room whispering that they needed to rush up before her sister reacted.When they both arrived at their room, in less than two minutes, Draco locked the door and whispered 'Muffliato', then turned his body to see the girl, who was breathing heavily like him.They both looked at each other for a moment, panting.Then they laughed."Stupid elf!" She laughed imitating Bellatrix. "You could've killed me!""Dobby never meant to kill!" he laughed.He approached her quickly and took her cheeks to kiss her, then pressed their foreheads still with their eyes closed."Thank you, thank you," she breathed against his lips referring of his action with Hermione. "Thank you.""Are you okay?" He murmured against her lips after nodding."Yes, yes, I am," she sighed."Good," he breathed.His lips mashed against hers as if trying to flatten and destroy her mouth. She hungrily pushed back, her mouth open, tongue pushing past his clenched teeth to the moist space within.It was a roughly kiss, passionate and full of mixed emotions: fear, nerves, love.She unleashed his tie agilely and threw it to the ground and then passed her hands through his chest and pushed his black blazer, taking it off.He held her ass and lifted her making her wrap her legs around his waist while she took off her shoes with her feet, he did the same while heading to the bathroom.Not even ten hours had passed since the last time they joined their bodies, but they needed to calm the whirlwind of emotions inside them.He opened the shower key leaving the water running and walked inside until her back crashed with the wet wall.His lips were looking for hers with despair and hunger as if he hadn't tried them in years. Their hot breaths crashing over the other's mouth while both wetted.A soft groan escaped her lips.She leaned her feet back on the floor and began to unbuckle his belt while he surrounded her neck with a hand, kissing her lips.His kisses went down her jawline until he reached her neck.Her hands began to unbutton his black shirt with agility and pushed it back to take it off, then passed her hands through his chest.He raised his hand through her thigh until he reached the middle of her thighs making her drown a groan in her throat before kissing her.His fingers put pressure on the fabric of her black leggings while he turned his kisses back to her neck.Then he ripped the fabric of her wet blouse by opening it and leaving her breasts only covered by the thin bralette."Draco!" She laughed before letting go of a groan when she felt his kisses on the edge of her breasts. "That's the fourth blouse.""I buy you more," he gasped taking her waist to attract her to him.She took her head back closing her eyes when she felt his lips sucking the skin of her breasts while he untied her bralette to leave it on the floor.His hand pressed her breast making her let go of a small pant while she felt how he gently bit the other's skin.Her fingers entangled in his hair as soft groans came out of her lips as he was sucking her skin leaving purple marks. He slid his hand down her thigh again while kissing her breasts and put pressure on the fabric in the precise place.He directed his lips to her nipple to bite it gently before sucking.His fingers began to emit more pressure on the fabric. His lips addressed her other breast, kissing the edge and then looking for her nipple to bite it and then suck her skin.He growled on her chest skin not being able to touch her well.His large hands lowered the edges of her leggings roughly while kissing the skin of her neck. Once he lowered the black fabric enough, he directed his hands to the left edge of her panties and ripped them."Can you stop ripping my clothes?" She laughed before gasping."Don't fucking wear it, then," he said looking for her lips with despair.And if it were for him, he would keep her in his room only using underwear all day. He loved her body so much that he hated to see it covered."Ah...! Holy—" she moaned when his fingers put pressure on her swollen and palpitating clit.Then his index finger began to stroke it linearly, with possessiveness."All wet you are... Aren't you?" He teased on her lips hearing her pleasurable moans.Her hands clung to his hair at the same time that her hips started bucking softly against his hand.His finger began to move even faster by making lines on her clit, pressing."Draco..." she groaned.His finger recovered that tortuous step that made her buck her hips even more."No... Don't..." she breathed in complain. "Don't stop...""You want me to go faster?" He panted in her ear teasing her."Yes...""I don't hear you," he said hearing her moans filled with lust."Please..." she begged. "Please... Go faster... Draco, please..."And so he did.His finger began to move circularly and quickly.Her hips bucking softly.She wailed feeling the movement of his finger became frenzied, making his finger hit her clit hard and repeatedly.A shocked moan left her lips when he entered his finger inside her wet entrance.He pushed her even more against the wall kissing her neck, his finger sank deeper almost reaching her limit."Fuck..." She cried twisting on the wall arching her back feeling him going faster and deeper. Her fluids soaking his fingers."That's it..." he muttered in her ear. "Moan for me..." and he bit her earlobe softly.His hot breath colliding the inside of her ear made her shudder against the wall.Then he sank another finger, and she let a loudly moan escape her blood-rushed lips, a thing that made him smirk diabolically against her skin.He loved to see her skin bristle at his touch and hearing her breathy moans.The blond introduced his fingers deeper and without hesitation into her throbbing pussy, almost reaching her most sensitive point, then his thumb began to trail until it reached her clit again to start massaging it possessively.Her hips bucking furiously against his hand.He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, reaching her limit and listening to her delirious moans of pleasure. His fingers began to go in and out of her faster, feeling her warm walls tightening around them."...The little girl is going to cum?" he said smirking against her ear."Yes... Oh!" She moaned loudly as he shoved his fingers in and out quickly, making her legs tremble as her back arched a little."Then cum, Leevanna," he breathed in her ear. "...Cum for me and scream my name like the good girl you are..."He thrusted his two fingers inside her even more, pushing something inside, making her wail high while she arched her back. He put them in and took them out a couple of times seeing her twist with pleasure."Holy Christ— Oh, God!" She wailed feeling him going faster. "Ah... Draco...!"Her slick walls tightened even more as she began to see starts and feeling an explosion between her thighs, like a star which was born right in the middle.Her chest lifting violently as she breathed heavily and with difficulty.But he didn't let her rest for a second.His hands lowered her leggings completely while he knelt and began to kiss the skin of her inner thighs, sucking it a little."Oh... God..." she breathed leaning her head on the wall and passing a hand through her face to her hair pushing it backwards feeling his kisses going up.Draco latched his mouth onto the sweet spot between her thick thighs and she cried in pleasure and satisfaction.He continued working his way with her as small whimpers escaped her throat.Her whole body trembled as she felt his tongue entering her.The tentative licks and snake-like tongue effects nowhere to be found. And she loved that she was the only one who could have it.He was placing wide, wet, open-mouthed kisses on her.She entangled her fingers into the blond's hair and pushed his head even more feeling how his tongue twirled all over the place.His tongue moving, twirling around and gliding against her pulsating clit.He licked, sucked and closed his lips hard over her, again and again, and again.He was eating her effortlessly, like a fucking God.The gasps he has giving, God... That made her whimper even more.She was absolutely loving how his tongue moved inside her. Her legs started trembling by the orgasm that was building inside her for the second time."Your taste..." he breathed against her skin. "God... I love your taste."Her back arching every time he introduced his tongue inside her wet entrance; her breathy moans were music for him.Her thighs began to shake.Her hips bucked against his mouth, wanting and needing more of him.His two thick fingers slid into her pussy as he decided to only use his tongue to pay attention to her clit.He fingered her in a come-hither motion."God..." she moaned loudly unable to control herself for much more after several seconds feeling how to orgasm was making fun of her for melting so fast.And how not to do it?That man had her in the palm of his hand with a just single touch.Her hands pressed his head as her hips bucked and his fingers left her. His tongue paying close attention to her clit, then at her entrance, then back onto her clit.He swirled and twirled around her throbbing clit as her legs shook even more feeling the fireworks exploding inside her making her place her hands on his shoulders to hold.He sucked and licked up her cum attentively and wanting.He pulled away from between her legs, leaving a small kiss on her thigh before standing up.And he smirked."Twice," he said in her ear as she panted, his hands holding her waist. "Melting fast, aren't we?""Oh, yeah?" She teased raising an eyebrow sliding her hand over his pants until she reached his erection. "Sure about that?" She said in his ear stroking his erection above the fabric."Feeling powerful, huh?" He said before drowning a growl in his throat."Very," she said playfully as she lowered his pants next to his boxers and changed positions, now his back leaning on the wet wall.His fingers ran through his hair pushing it backwards closing his eyes feeling her hand touching his hard member.He was gorgeous in every way, he deserved pleasure too and Leevanna was absolutely fascinated with giving it to him.Draco loved her submissive part, that part on which she let him do anything with her, begging him for another touch.But when she took power... It was impossible for him to complain.He looked down watching her kneel on the shower floor as her hand slowly started to stroke his dick.That girl was the death of him.Slowly, but surely, she aligned his large tip at the entrance of her lips.He closed his eyes again and knocked his head on the wall with his lips parted when she inserted his tip into her mouth without her teeth touching.Her tongue gently twirled around his thick tip, making him release a soft little sound of his blood-rushed lips.She started sucking delicately onto his tip, pressing her tongue."Shit..." he muttered under his breath feeling every part of her tongue.Twirling, gently sucking and paying close attention to his tip.She knew that he liked it that way.Her mouth started letting most of his thick dick inside it as her both hands wrapped around the base while she sucked a little bit faster.His large hands slowly found its way to the sides of her head, bringing up her hair, creating a make-shift ponytail as she sucked.She twisted her small hands around his base whilst sucking his dick as his breathing soon became shallow and elaborate.She looked up at him, locking her green doe eyes with his stormy icy eyes."You look so fucking beautiful, right now," he said effortlessly.She placed half of his dick in her mouth and sucked gently, pressing with her tongue on his gland. Then she passed her tongue to the base of his dick and repeated the movement a couple more times, varying the intensity in each suction."You—" he panted softly. "Holy shit— You have no idea how good you are, little girl," his head leaning on the wall before looking at her again.He grabbed her hair even tighter and shoved his cock so deep down her throat that her nose was buried right against his pubic bone.His eyes rolled back and her deep moans vibrated his cock.Lips and tongue lavishing him, making him moan and bite his lip as his hips thrust towards her.Her hands did gentle twists, her head bobbed up and down while the saliva production increased and she heard the soft little whimpers from his mouth.She wanted to make him come so hard that he shook with the pleasure of it.She bobbed her head faster as his tip continuously hit the back of her throat. She didn't gag.His hips thrust against her faster, building a steady rhythm inside her mouth.Draco softly moaned and panted heavily.He growled softly under his breath feeling the orgasm being built inside him, but he didn't want to cum inside her pretty mouth.He loved to, but that time he didn't want to.His hand pulled her hair, taking her head back and taking her of her arms lifting her quickly and attracting her to his body.He changed positions, leaning her against the wall again before his lips crashed onto hers as his tongue slithered into her mouth; their tongues twirling and accompanying one another roughly."But I didn't finish..." she said innocently and pouting against his lips as his hand surrounded her neck."I have other plans," he said in her ear smirking before crashing their lips again. "But you did a beautiful job, little girl."She blushed before he kissed her again.His hand left her neck and, with both, he took her hands above her head pinning them on the wall.A shocked wail left her mouth against his lips when the tip of his hard dick entered her without hesitation.Then, almost all of his member.He took her thighs and lifted her effortlessly, causing her to wrap her legs around his waist, completely introducing himself inside her.Her arms surrounded his neck and he pressed her body more against the wall as he penetrated her hard, leaving a few milliseconds between each thrust.She wailed against his lips between every kiss."That's my little good girl..." He rocked his own hips right into her, making them both hiss. "So fucking tight... And all mine..."She took her head back as her eyes rolled back, and he took the opportunity to kiss her jaw, her neck, and then her shoulder simultaneously."You are all mine... You hear that?" He whispered against her ear."Yours, Draco..." she breathed. "Always all fucking yours...""Every single part and detail about you... You are all fucking mine..." and he kissed her passionately.He held her tightly so that she wouldn't fall while he pounded her roughly sticking her back more to the wall, listening to her moan in his ear.His hand found her clit.So swollen and moist.With his index finger, he stroked it, rubbing it in a coaxing, circular motion, torturing her. He massaged it gradually faster, as he continued to thrust his dick inside her."Ah...! Fucking Jesus—" she gasped before wailing."You like that my little girl?" He said against her lips."Yes... Yes, yes," she breathed taking his cheeks to kiss him as she moaned inside his mouth.The combination of his size hitting the most sensitive and deep part of her and his fingers stroking her clit frenzied, sent her over the edge again.She supported a hand on the glass wall on her side when he pounded her hard, making her body stick even more to the wall if it was possible, then her arm surrounded his neck again.His chest pressed against her breasts, pushing her with each thrust.Her fingers intertwined in his hair, pulling him a little while his hands pressed her ass."...Cum for me like a good girl again..." he softly groaned, breathing on her lips. "...Cum for me while you scream my name as I fill you up..."And oh she did.Her warm and slick walls tightening every second as his thick dick became harder.She came hard and passionately starting to see stars.The climax hit them like a freight train as they spasmed simultaneously.His thick cum filling her all up as her fluids mixed with his.A sheet of black seemed to sweep over their vision as their bodies send currents to every nerve inside them.It was the most utterly mind-blowing orgasm both could feel, as every time they brought their bodies together.Both panted on each other's mouth before gathering their lips together passionately. ༄ They are there, under the dark blue page with splashes of what could be white ink.Under a sea full of other dreams that kept hopes and the deepest desire of the most desperate hearts that look through the windows of feared lives and hopeless memories once shone brightly.The vast expanse of the blazing stars glowing passionately and standing out among each other looking down at the wounded hearts who pray, communicating in its own language, known, yet, so unknown. And then they wink back at you, breaking the repartee through your eyes.And you know you have a bit of hope, happiness that lies in the deepest embrace of dark sadness.The smiles ear to ear paint the canvass faces are, who turn back, only to go back the next day for another heart-to-heart conversation when the hope seems untouchable. 

Stellar channels burn,

Burn me too, please.

Endless celestial navigation,

I'd like to show you,

But then emeralds shine,

And I forget what stars are. "You wrote this?"Draco shrugged and she supported her hands on the rooftop under her to sit down.   "Draco!""What?" he laughed turning his head to look at her."You wrote this!""Yes," he laughed harder seeing her trying to crawl up to sit on him. "You are going to fall, careful.""Doesn't matter," she said and he hit her forehead with the palm of his hand as she grabbed the piece of parchment with both hands. "Why emeralds though? I thought diamonds were brighter.""Your eyes are green, you stupid idiot.""Oh, right" she blushed chuckling before folding the parchment to look at him. "It is beautiful, Draco, it really is.""Yeah, I know," he chuckled making her roll her eyes playfully. "You have some good ones too, though... Dark Lady."She looked away and closed her eyes at the name before going back to her initial position, but she slid down."You stupid dumbass idiot," said Draco catching her before she could continue sliding down. "I'm telling you to be careful and the first thing you do is trying to die.""I haven't tried to kill myself in a long time, be proud," she huffed laying down. "This was an accident.""Yeah, yeah, and I am a fish," he chuckled when she hit his arm with her hand. "You don't like it, don't you? The name."She shook her head placing her hands over her abdomen. "I mean— I-I like it, it is— I really, really like it...""But?""I don't know..." she sighed. "I'm so confused right now," she continued. "Is like, I was fighting for the order, I was pretending behind those doors, I was going to abandon the ship and let them sink..." he turned to look at her. "...But then I think and I know they wouldn't believe us, they would judge us and throw us to the streets.""You know I would follow you whatever you want, right?" said Draco and she turned her head as she nodded. "I don't care if you want to abandon the ship or stay in it, I will follow you.""So if I tell you that I want to stay here and be the Dark Lord's successor, you would stay with me?" he nodded"The thing here is, do you want to stay here?"She looks at the stars again, thinking."We would still have the house and the greenhouse," she sighed. "And the dog and we would travel anywhere we want," she meditated. "And we would have sex over the table of the dining room after planning strategies," he chuckled making her smile."Yes, we would," he said looking at the stars. "But I saw the look in your eyes, Leevy, today, when Bellatrix was torturing Granger, I know you were seeing Aly.""And if I become the Dark Lord's successor I would have that look every day," she sighs."I know you better than anyone else," he sighs, "and I know that you have a future in your mind for each of the choices," he continues. "But now you are confused because the side that you weren't supposed to help treats you like you've always wanted.""Could you help me?" she asked. "To decide if we abandon the ship or we stay here.""You know I will," he dedicated her a soft closed-mouth smile. "Go on, tell me what you have planned for each of the options.""The first one would be, go with the Order, abandon the ship," she sighed. "There are people who would believe us, the twins, Jordan, Lupin and some more," continues the green-eyed. "But there are people who would question us even if we breathe, so I reckon, at first, we wouldn't be allowed at headquarters and we would get frustrated and wouldn't be able to know how's Cissy and the group and I don't know if the Order would let us bring them with us," she says. "It would be horrible... And— And difficult because it would take a lot of time and— and we don't even know if that side is going to win...""And don't forget the Dark Mark.""Exactly!" she says raising her hands. "They— It's not for being mean— but they are little judgmental cunts and little bitches that had always glare us and— ...And I don't want a future that has in there fear because we were marked with something we didn't want to.""And what's the future for the second option?""Be the Dark Lord's successor and make him win," she says. "We— We are respected and they— they don't judge us... They understand our humour and all our friends and family are here..." a sigh leaves her lips. "Stay here would mean, first of all, finally stop pretending I don't like the idea, would be keep laughing at the meetings, would be stop feeling that bitterness when I give orders," she continues. "Then would be get rid of the Dark Lord, that is, kill all the Horcruxes and exterminate all the ones who'd remain loyal to him," her eyes don't leave the stars. "Create a new world with us at the head, after the Dark Lord is out of the plane, fulfil, in a way to say it, what the Order wants but in our way.""So it would be let the Dark Lord win to put us at the top as he would be, and then get rid of him to create a new world, that's what you mean?" he asked and she nodded."It sounds selfish, right?""Sometimes is good to be selfish, Leevy," he sighs."I would be like Minister of Magic and you would be too," she adds. "It would be like now but without the Dark Lord in the way.""You would be the Queen.""And you would be the King.""Our empire.""Yes.""I like the idea," he turns his head to look at her."I know, right? It sounds amazing," she turns her head too. "What would you choose?""I think is pretty obvious what I would choose," he chuckled. "So I'm not a good help right now.""The thing is that I would choose the second option too," she sighs. "I'm not saying that would be easier though, get rid of the Dark Lord would take a couple of years.""And the Order wouldn't give up so easily," Leevanna nodded at his words. "I'm going to propose a new option.""What is it?""Stop pretending you don't like being the highest general in that dining room," he starts. "Help them, if you want, help them, I would be there with you," his eyes don't leave hers. "We have some time until the real war begins, so you don't need to choose right now," his hand catches her hand and he flexes his fingers against hers. "Keep being respected in that room, Leevy and if you cry, I would be there.""So I don't have to choose now?" he shook his head. "We would keep helping them until the riddle finally makes sense.""Exactly.""Thank you, Draco.""You're welcome, Leevanna." ༄ Leevanna hugged herself before opening the door of the room without making noise and closing it behind her again.She looked to one side to start walking in the direction of the stairs and going down.It was almost two in the morning and she had been thirsty, but in the room, there was nothing besides liquor. One hour ago both had gone back to bed because the roof was starting to be their bed.She released the messy bun of her hair, shaking her head softly to let her black and long hair fall over her shoulders. She avoided paying attention to the terrifying aura that the manor gave at that time in the morning.The wood cracked and the wind hit the windows softly, blowing through the tiny spaces, just like a terrifying whisper.The paintings seemed to have no faces at that time and the aristocratic decorations formed terrifying shadows on the walls. The girl jumped and gasped lowly when a stream of wind passed through her body as she passed in front of an open window.It would be better if she rushed.Once she arrived at the kitchen, she set out to look for a glass quickly, she didn't want to be there any longer with so many strange sounds that scared her.When she finished drinking, she kept the glass without making much noise and stroked her thighs over her leggings to then cover her hands with the sleeves of Draco's sweater to warm herself.When she passed near the living room, the light of the fireplace caught her attention.If it's Bellatrix, you are fucked, warned the voice in her head.But she quickly turned it off when she heard a weak sob.Well, Bellatrix did not cry, so it wasn't her.She breathed slowly while walking in the direction of the place where the sound came from."Cissy?" She muttered approaching the woman.Narcissa was sitting on the floor, with her back leaning on the closest armchair to the fireplace and her legs flexed. She still wore her afternoon dress and next to her was a bottle of Bungbarrel Spiced Mead next to a glass half full.The woman turned her head quickly when she heard the girl's voice."Leevy..." she breathed wiping her tears away. "What are you doing here? You are not supposed to leave the room," she muttered"I was thirsty," sighed lowly green-eyed. "And there's no water in the room."Narcissa nodded before passing her gaze to the fire again.Leevanna sat next to the woman, supporting her head on her shoulder."I'm so sorry, Leevy..." Narcissa murmured by supporting her arms on her knees holding the glass with her hands. "I'm sorry you had to see what Bellatrix did to the girl...""It's not your fault, Cissy," the young witch murmured. "And Draco stood in front of me, so I only heard."Narcissa leaned her head on the girl's head and let out a sigh from her lips before drinking from her glass."I don't care anymore, you know? About the blood status" murmured the older witch. "The supposed difference has caused enough problems...," she added. "And I'm tired, Leevy, I'm tired of having to live in this constant war... Tired of holding back my power and seeing my family get hurt over and over again.""You're strong, Cissy, I admire you for that," Leevanna sighed. "And we're going to get out of this, one way or another, but we are gonna do it..." She said. "Draco and I are going to take you to a place where you stay safe and no longer have to hold back your power or suffer... We are gonna be free, Cissy."Narcissa joined her hand with the girl's and both remained silent admiring the wood burning in the fire.They were going to be free...

"Lhu," the girl called. She had returned from her isolation a few days ago.

"Hi, sweetheart," said the curly-haired with a smile.

"C-Can I talk to you for a second?" She closed her eyes tightly trying to breathe normally.

"Yes, of course," the girl said standing up from the sofa. "What's wrong? Something happened to you?"

"N-No, it's not that..." she breathed and looked up at her. "It is stupid... But... Y-You — You're still my best friend, right?"

"Of course I am," she giggled softly. The green-eyed started shedding tears. "Oh, God — Don't cry! Don't cry!" She surrounded her neck with her arms hugging her tightly.

"It's just—" she gasped. "I just thought that... You — You didn't want to anymore..."

"Why I wouldn't?" She said pressing their foreheads.

"Y-You spend a lot of time with Pansy now a-and— I thought t-that you were her best friend now a-and you had forgotten me— I—"

"You, silly girl," Lhu chuckled wiping the girl's tears. "I could never forget about you!" She smiled. "You are my sister, remember?" The girl nodded. "Pansy is just having a lot right now, just like you a few weeks ago, I'm just helping her with some things that she's not sure about."

"Oh, God... Now I feel stupid," she snickered wiping her tears.

"You will never stop being my sister, Leevy, I love you. Always." She gave her cigarette a long drag, holding her breath a few seconds before releasing the smoke from her lips.She looked up, finding the small white dots illuminating the black and dark sky.There were many stars that early morning.She crossed her arms over her chest and turned her head."You took your time," she murmured before throwing the cigarette butt on the floor and stepping on it to turn it off."We're at war, in case you didn't realise it," he replied by looking at her. "And it's fucking 2 AM."She rolled her eyes taking out her middle finger before placing another cigarette between her lips and covering the tip with the palm of her hand to light it."Bad habits, huh?" He mocked while she kept the lighter."Copied it from you," she said playfully and raising an eyebrow. He snickered softly."How did you find out where I was?""Little clues," she shrugged."It surprises me that you trust someone in these times," he confessed by putting his hands into his pockets. "What's more, I'm surprised that you even trust someone.""I only trust five people, if they betray me, I burn them alive," she said before giving a drag. "And I know where your loyalties were... Adrian.""So you know then," he said in amusement. She nodded."I have known you for so many years... And I never imagined it," she chuckled."I'm a man of secrets," he said, raising an eyebrow playfully."You did the things I asked you in the letter?""Only your part is missing," he said, and she nodded slowly. "Everything is secret, as you asked, even this meeting.""Good..." she nodded slowly again. "That's good.""I have a question.""What?""Why?" He asked; she turned to look at him. "You're safe, you can leave whenever you want and not come back. Why ask for all those things?""Caution," she replied, looking forward again. "It can happen at any time... As you said, we're at war.""Are you going to fight?""Haven't I done it all my life?""Touché." ༄ "Did you know that Severus plays for the Order?" Draco frowned at her words."What?""He was the one who saved George from dying, that night when the Order was rescuing Potter from Privet Drive," she sighs. "I thought I was crazy at first but then all made sense.""Let — W-What — The — Wait a damn single second—" Draco closed his eyes and shook his head. "What the actual fuck?""I know, right?" she said. "I had the same reaction you had when I found out," her hand grabbed another Jelly Slug and took it to her mouth. "I haven't said anything about it directly to him, though.""Leev — But — But he's the Dark Lord's favourite one, he — I'm not understanding a single shit about what are you saying.""I thought about that too," she took another Jelly Slug. "I was like: what? How? but then all made sense when I realised that has always been behind Potter's back.""Well, I realised that too," confessed the blond pouring more Dragon Tears in his glass."I remember the words Dumbledore said to you that night at the Astronomy Tower," she sighs."Like we should join him and pass to the good side to save our souls and that shit?" she nodded."What if Dumbledore ordered someone more to kill him if you wouldn't have been able?""But how did he knew that I was going to murder him?""That bitch had like three hundred years and even could read minds," and she lit a cigarette. "I wouldn't be surprised if he knew that.""Let me process all the things you've just said to me, I need a fucking minute," he huffed taking one of the Jelly Slugs to put it in his mouth."Well, I give you that minute later," she said looking through the window. "They are already here."Draco stood up from his seat and went with her seeing the Death Eaters start arriving at Malfoy Manor surrounded by the black smoke which characteristic them.No more than two minutes later the dining room was filled with the familiar faces they were used to see every two weeks.Voldemort was now with them."I see that you've been efficacious in my absence, Leevanna," said the snake-like men walking to his seat followed by Nagini."Of course, my Lord," she said raising her chin. "We had one or two slips but nothing we couldn't resolve.""And I see Draco has followed your steps too," he added passing his large fingers across his new wand.Leevanna turned slightly her head towards Severus Snape, who nodded unnoticeably."Yes, my Lord," said Draco turning to look at him. "Leevanna and I feel grateful to be in such a high position.""Well, well, Lucius," said the Dark Lord smiling in a twisty way. "You should be proud."And the shadow of the man who had been once respected and treated well nodded silently with the hand of his wife over his."We've been discussing, my Lord," said Amycus, "and with Vaughan's orders we have people out of England who would fight for our side.""Isss that right?" asked Voldemort walking behind the Carrow brothers and looking at the aforementioned one."Yes, my Lord," answered Leevanna. "We have people from Germany, Poland, Bulgaria and Ireland on the way plus Healers from Albani.""What about the beasts?""Two giants and two trolls plus Dementors and more," answers Draco this time. "Like tarantulas from the Forbidden Forest and such, Alecto is in charge of that.""The Ministry.""That's my job, my Lord," says Corban Yaxley. "The Commission is a total success and we have a few internal jokes for that," and he turns to look at Leevanna who raises her glass before both drink the liquor in their owns."Well, well, you have been doing good," congratulates the man nodding slowly. "It seems that you don't need me anymore, Leevanna here seems to be a good general."And everyone tries not to look at each other.Because, even though the green-eyed threw knives and screamed pretty loudly, she didn't use the Unforgivable Curses on them as a punishment.They actually... They prefer Leevanna..."Is an honour you say that to me, my Lord," she says after clarifying her throat. "But I'm sure their loyalties lie with you"       They prefer to serve you... Whispers that voice inside her head. He knows it...And the jokes from past months are left behind, no one could make a single commentary about their reports. No one could use the names Leevanna had for the Order or laugh about Yaxley fucking Thicknesse's wife.       If you become his successor they wouldn't be afraid of you and actually enjoy their lives.She closes her eyes.       If you get rid of him you'll have all.The silence keeps being imminent.       They see you as a Queen... They are waiting for you to give orders...The worst is that Leevanna knows that whisper inside her mind is right. She usually lets them fight before putting order."Well," says Lord Voldemort after a few minutes once he is seated on his usual chair. The chair Leevanna has been using. "We shall discuss our strategy to attack."And Dolohov is about to call Leevanna by the nickname he has for her but decides to shut his mouth. He couldn't say it in front of the Dark Lord.And Yaxley is waiting to start using sarcasm with Leevanna but knows that he can't.Alecto and Amycus are waiting for her to start yelling and saying how useless they are. They are waiting for her to make appear the holograms she has been using.Rowle is glancing her every now and then waiting she starts using the nicknames she has for their enemies and joking about it.Everyone present is waiting for her to do something.And she doesn't know what to do, because they are waiting for her to give orders instead of the Dark Lord. She knows they are waiting for her.She is more confused than ever.They — They actually want her. They were used to her words and the way she handles things. They are putting their loyalties in someone who is not their master.The riddle does every second less sense.And when the silent, boring and mortifying meeting comes to its wished end, the Death Eaters waited two seconds before realising Leevanna wasn't going to say: 'And for Salazar's fucking sake, use your cunt brains and do NOT fuck all up!' ༄ Both floated under the water.

He took her waist pulling her closer to him, she held his cheeks before joining their lips.

Her hands held her thighs and she pressed her knees against his hips.

They were sinking more and more.

But they didn't want to get out of the water.

One half of me is yours,

the other half yours

Mine own, I would say;

but if mine, then yours,

-William Shakespeare

Both were looking at the stars.

"I'll break your heart."

"And I'll break yours."

She turned her head to look at him. "Nobody breaks my heart."

He turned to look at her. "Nobody breaks mine."

Both looked at the stars again.

"We'll break each other's hearts," both said hitting fists. Draco slid his arm through the pillow.He frowned by not feeling a body next to him.His eyes opened little by little, getting used to light before scratching an eye with his wrist."Night, husband," a soft voice said from the desk chuckling."Night, wife," he said smiling before turning back and sit on the bed.He scratched his eye with his wrist again before passing his fingers through his hair, pushing it back and leaving some strands toppling his eyebrows.His eyes looked at her.Leevanna was only wearing one of his shirts and sitting on the desk with an ice cream pot in her hand next to a spoon."What time is it?""Half-past nine," she answered before taking a bit of ice cream to her mouth. "I woke up ten minutes ago."Both had acquired a strange habit that was taking afternoon naps. They had nothing more to do to be honest, so the naps didn't affect something in their routine."You can't eat ice cream this late," he chuckled before standing up from the bed and stretching his arms behind his back.Leevanna couldn't help leaving the spoon in her mouth, slowly taking it out seeing each part of his body, covered only by black sweatpants, flexing."Want a picture too?" He teased smirking and raising an eyebrow as he headed to the bathroom."Why a picture? I have you right here," she said smiling proudly and he snickered from inside the bathroom.Draco went out a few seconds after and passed his fingers through his hair, messing it.Then he approached her and leaned his hands on the sides of her legs to be at her height.She approached the tablespoon with ice cream to his mouth and he opened it so that she could introduce it, but she moved it away quickly and took it to her mouth chuckling.He looked at her playfully with narrowed eyes before taking the spoon on his own and taking some ice cream to his mouth."Hey!" She complained moving the pot away from him. "That's mine, blondie."He raised an eyebrow.She stretched one of her legs, surrounding his leg with it and attracting him."But it can be yours too," she muttered surrounding his waist with her legs."I can eat you instead, kitten" he whispered in her ear.Leevanna jumped from the desk and put a hand on his chest pushing him back, making him chuckle."Enough for me," she said innocently before looking up at him supporting her hands at the sides of his legs. "It's your turn."She slid the spoon full of ice cream through his chest before leaving the pot next on the desk.He shuddered a bit because of the cold of the ice cream colliding with his skin before taking his head back when she leaned her small hands on his chest and then passed the tip of her tongue to remove the ice cream."Have I told you that mint is my favourite flavour?" She said passing her tongue across her lower lip as she looked at him again while her tiny hand rubbed softly his growing erection over the fabric."You wanna play, huh?" He said smirking and she nodded. "You are a little whore who wants to play, aren't you?""Yes," she said innocently, looking at him before taking a strand of hair behind her ear to lick the ice cream that remained on his skin without stopping rubbing.He closed his eyes taking his head back and supporting his hands on the desk as she started to leave a trail of kisses and small licks down his abdomen teasingly.She got on her knees and continued to leave kisses as she pulled down the waistband of his sweatpants.He put a hand on her hair, caressing it.She took his dick with one hand and passed her tongue all over his tip as he closed his eyes again and took his head back with his lips parted when she inserted his tip into her mouth. Just lips, no teeth.He gasped feeling her warm tongue twirl around bis thick tip and then all the length of his dick before going up again, his hand grabbed the desk hard.A soft little sound escaped his blood-rushed lips."Fuck..." he muttered under his breath feeling every part of her tongue twirling as she gently sucked and paid close attention to his most sensitive part, pressing her tongue a little.Then her rosebud mouth slowly started letting most of his dick inside it as her both hands wrapped around the base.Her sucks still slow and attentive.His large and veiny hand found its way and grabbed her hair bringing it up, creating a make-shift ponytail as she sucked.She twisted her small hands around his base whilst sucking his dick and start to twist them in opposite directions as his breathing soon became shallow and elaborate.She looked up at him innocently, locking her green and big eyes with his icy eyes.He pressed his back more to the edge of the desk as his hand grips it tightly.She placed half of his dick in her mouth and sucked gently, pressing with her tongue on his gland as she twirled around it. She passed her the tip of her tongue to the base of his cock and licked before climbing up and entering the half of his dick again. She repeated the movement a couple more times, varying the intensity in each suction and lick."You look— So fucking beautiful," he said under his breath before closing his eyes and taking his head back. "Good girl," he muttered.As she speeded up, he started to let escape soft and little growls and groans from his lips.Lips and tongue lavishing him, making him groan and bite his lip as his hips buck softly towards her.His eyes rolled back.His head falling backwards before looking at her again.Her hands did gentle twists, her head bobbed up and down faster while the saliva production increased and his tip nudged the back of her throat.He grabbed her hair even tighter and pushed her head down so deep that her nose was almost brushing his pubic bone; she did not gag but her eyes watered.His hips thrust against her faster, building a steady rhythm inside her mouth.He growled softly under his breath feeling the orgasm being built inside him.She felt him start to tremble inside her mouth before a bit of that hot and thick liquid splashed her throat.She let go of his cock and looking up at him passing her tongue across her lower lip before she swallowed.His head fell back as he smirked before grabbing her waist and sticking her to the desk making her let out a soft moan.He took the edges of her underwear and lowered down before sliding a hand up her inner thigh until he reached her wet pussy."So fucking wet," he muttered against her lips as his middle finger pressed her clit with enough pressure making her moan softly.Her eyes closed and her forehead pressed his when his finger started stroking her pulsating clit linearly.His pace increased, almost brushing her entrance in every stroke, making her bit her lower lip. She moaned against his lips as she felt his hot breath collide with her face.Her hips moved slowly in a circular motion at the request of him to go faster, which he did. His fingers slid from top to bottom by brushing her entrance.He entered his middle finger inside her wet entrance as he listened to her purring moans while her hips bucked softly. He soon introduced his ring ringer, pushing both of them deeper and reaching her most sensitive spot, nudging the tip of his fingers with her limit.He took his fingers out of her a little and then dug them deeper, listening to her delirious moans of pleasure. His fingers began to go in and out of her faster."You like the way my fingers fuck you, kitten?" He said effortlessly against her lips."Yes..." she moaned against his mouth."You like how my fingers fuck your little tight and wet pussy like the little slut you are?" I breathed."Yes... Ah..! Draco..." she cried tangling her fingers in his hair. "I — I like it so much..."Then his thumb began to pay attention to her clit.Her legs began to tremble and her stomach twisted at the thousands of butterflies.He loved the dirty talk.He took his fingers out of her making her wince as he pulled the shit a bit to unbutton it. Then grabbed the tie over the desk to tie her hands. Once he had done the nod, he lifted her to then push her to the bed, laying her on her back.He supported his hands at the sides of her face and his knees at the sides of her legs, looking at her with such dominance and pinning her hands above her head."Be a good girl and keep them there," he ordered. "Understood?""Yes, sir," she said and nodded obediently.He started to trail kissed down her jawline and neck to then lower his kisses lowered to her chest following with her breasts.His hand pressed one of them making her gasp for air before he bit her bristled nipple gently and suck nipping his teeth on her skin. Then he continued with the other breasts.Delirious purring moans escaping her blood-rushed lips as her back arched a little feeling his hot breath collide against her tender skin.He started licking down her body and her stomach, which made her forget her ties hands and almost surround his neck with them.He stopped his action and took her wrist to pin her hands again above her head."Stay. Still, little girl" he breathed."Yes..." she groaned softly and he continued with his kisses.He grabbed her thighs and opened them to then kiss the skin of her pussy.Her back arched as her eyes closed while her blood-rushed lips let escape a moan.His tongue made its way until it reached her throbbing clit, where he licked and sucked, leaving open-mouth kisses that made her moan loud and arch her back.He finished taking off his pants and climbed up the bed aligning his tip to her entrance."Tell me you want me to fuck you, little girl..." he demanded against her lips; his erection pressing her pussy."Please..." she breathed. "Draco... Fuck me... Oh, God!" A shocked moan blended with lust and pain escaped her lips when he immersed himself completely inside her.He chuckled against her lips without moving inside her.Draco brought their lips together and Leevanna captured his lower lip between her teeth, biting it until the red and thick hot liquid invaded her mouth.He rushed to kiss her before biting her lower lip too, feeling his blood mixing with hers as their tongues played together.His breathing soon became heavy as well.She pressed her knees against his hips arching her back when he came out a little of her and then thrust deeper into her, parting her roughly every time he pulled out and then forced his cock back in.He intertwined his hand with her above her head and pressed the other on the bed before thrust her roughly and aggressively.His eyes observing each of her reactions, seeing her slender frame burn in desire as the pain which travelled all her small body concentrated in her hips"Holy fuck—" she breathed arching her back."Fuck, little girl—" he gasped before growling softly against her face. "I love you tightness."His veiny hand surrounded her neck, pressing her throat with his fingers with enough pressure on the correct place.His cold rings made her shiver.Her hips bucked softly against his.The frustration, aggressiveness and lust reflected, as he destroyed every part of her body and pushed her limit nudging his thick tip every time he pounded her, reaching the deepest he could go."Fucking Christ..." she moaned loudly unable to control herself feeling her interiors tightening. "Ah... Keep— Doing that... Oh, God. Please..."The orgasm ready to combust inside her.His hand went behind her head, holding it and pulling some of her hair while his other hand continued intertwined with her hand above her head against the bed.But that didn't stop him from gradually increasing his pace by letting his thrusts take a violent and aggressive course, hitting her limit hard.Her hips bucked against his.Their open mouths barely touched while he panted and she cried in pleasure.His merciless thrusts made her press her forehead on his shoulder feeling the pressure and pain in her hips."Draco..." she moaned breathlessly taking her head back."You feel so fucking good and warm..." he said under his breath, taking advantage of her position to leave kissed down her neck, nipping his teeth a little leaving a trail of little purple bruises.His thrusts became even wilder, destroying every atom inside her and stretching her more than he has done before as the purring and pleasurable moans entered his ears like beautiful music.Her hips bucked, even more, moaning at the top of her lungs as her walls wrapped his dick, making him growl softly.In every aggressive and hard thrust he gave, her small body raised a little, hitting the pillow with her head and the bed clatter slightly against the wall. He pushed her body lifting it a little in every thrust.She loved that.As her warm walls tightened and his dick became harder, a black sheet sweep over their vision, blurring it a bit as the currents inside their bodies hit them like a freight train when the utterly mind-blowing orgasm exploded inside them.She came passionately feeling starts explode inside her body.He spasmed at the same time feeling his body shudder and send currents as his thick cum filled her up.Both panted on each other's mouth before gathering their lips together passionately, letting their tongues play along. ༄ Draco caressed Leevanna's cheek.Both were laying on the bed, one in front of the other, surrounded by the soothing darkness of the room.Some silvers rays of the moon hung through the middle of the curtains that lead to the balcony, illuminating their naked bodies only covered by a black sheet.She closed her eyes letting a tear fall down her cheek."Don't cry, my life..." he whispered wiping the tear away. "I don't like you, but don't cry."She chuckled softly."Because if I cry you cannot eat your biscuit without feeling bad?" She said opening her eyes."Exactly," he chuckled softly caressing her cheek again.Both looked at each other in the eye, lost in the colour of it.Draco slid his fingers slowly and gently through the hole between her jaw and shoulder, trailing her neck's skin and going down her naked shoulder until he reached her arm and then climbed up again slowly; his eyes following every movement.Leevanna looked at him fascinated, seeing him get lost in the texture and colour of her skin.He caressed her cheek again, cleaning a tear that had escaped imperceptibly."Tell me again about the green-house," she smiled softly making him giggle in the same way."I have told you a thousand times about that dream," he said looking at her in the eye again."I like to hear it," she pouted making him chuckle softly before he grabbed her waist, sticking her more to him; her forehead against his chest as she put a hand on it. "Please.""Fine," he sighed caressing her hair. "In the dream, I was looking for you—""Since the beginning," she complained making him roll his eyes."In the fucking dream—""Draco!""In the beautiful dream," she giggled softly before he continued, "there was a house in a huge land, it was lowkey like your house, but with a lot of flowers everywhere and tall grass," he ran his fingers through her hair. "I was walking through the grass because I was looking for you—""As always," she laughed softly when he gave her a soft blow on her head."I was looking for you and I headed to a green-house, that was big too," he sighed caressing her hair again. "In the greenhouse, plants were growing through the window walls and there were also different flowers, and there was also a dog running," he added. "When I entered, you were sitting and painting with watercolours. That's—""And you smiled and then kissed my forehead," she said separating a little from him to see him; he rolled his eyes."And I smiled and kissed your forehead," he said making her giggle. "Happy now?""Yes," she sighed sticking more to him.She opened her eyes at once and changed positions sitting on him."Our future life is going to be called The greenhouse," she said smiling. "Because is beautiful. Our love is beautiful.""We can name it The greenhouse," he chuckled as she laid on him, with her cheek against his chest as she listened to his heartbeats. "Tell me about The greenhouse.""Well..." she sighed as he made little spirals on her nacked back. "First of all, we will run away and visit all the countries, we could go to South Korea and then Poland. We need to go to Brazil again and lay on the sand and built sandcastles and then play in the water.""But you hate the sand—""We will make sandcastles and we will take Cissy with us, period," she said firmly making him chuckle. "We will forget all of this, all the pain, all the suffering, all the people who ever hurt us or told us who we were supposed to be... And we will be happy... We will be free.""We will be happy and free," he sighed caressing her hair.And both talked and talked about how their future would be, how many countries were left, how many memories, how their house would be.It would be a house full huge windows were they can sit and watch the rain or the snow. A house with a big library filled up with millions of books about love and fairies; he would read those books while she paints or both would read them in silence.A house with a big cushion in front of a fireplace where they can just lay down and listen to their heartbeats or where they can make love all the time. They would have an enormous garden, similar to the one around their manors, where they could run feeling the air of freedom on their faces.They would dance in their living room and laugh about memories; just the two of them until they are old and frail.It was a future full of hope, excitement and optimism.A future filled up with freedom and love.The greenhouse was the ultimate dream.It was a beautiful and alluring dream.Because The green-house was like a butterfly, and happiness is a butterfly.It's beautiful and for some fleeting... Free and exciting a delight and can develop into something grand it could reference the feeling of excitement like flutters in the stomach... Like laughing until your stomach hurts, when you are sad and your mum hugs you, when you are with your friends smiling or when you are with the person you love the most, like being in love... I could go on and on but you get the gist of it. It means if you chase it will elude you versus if you sit patiently it may come to you.And at the time before dawn, when the light is reddish around the point where the sun and violet will come out in the rest of the sky then becoming rosaceous and finally golden illuminating small parts of their naked bodies, both felt a bittersweet feeling.Because both realised that they were going to miss that precise moment so much while they were still living it. ༄ "Watch your tone with me," he said threateningly.

"Or what?" she said with anger. "What are you gonna do? Huh?! Tell me!"

"Leevanna..." he breathed dangerously as he closed his eyes.

"Tell me what are you gonna do?!" she yelled taking a vase and throwing it to the wall. "FUCKING TELL ME!"

"ENOUGH!" he yelled taking her wrists forcefully and pinning her to the wall; her back collided abruptly.

She avoided the fright his action had caused.

Her wrist at the sides of her face as his rings dug on her skin a little.

Both breathing heavily.

Both looking at the other angrily.

And then they kissed biting the others lip until it hurt and the blood slid through their mouths. He was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semi-circle of wizards faced him, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure."What did you say to me?" His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one thing he had dreaded— but it could not be true, he could not see how...The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his."Say it again!" Murmured Voldemort. "Say it again!""M-my Lord," stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with terror, "m-my Lord... we t-tried t-to st-stop them... im-impostors, my Lord... broke — broke into the — into the Lestranges' v-vault...""Impostors? What impostors?!" Voldemort frowned. "I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were they?!""It was... It was..." the goblin was trembling. "The P-Potter b-boy and t-two accomplices...""And they took?!" He said, his voice rising, a terrible fear gripping him. "Tell me! What did they take?""A... A s-small golden c-cup m-my Lord..."The scream of rage, of denial, left him as if it were a stranger's: he was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, nobody had ever known: how was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room, the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead, the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified: Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain,Leevanna made a small jump out of fright when we killed the last person and closed her eyes tightly avoiding sob.Draco, at her side holding her hand, lowered his gaze to the floor trying not to look at all the dead bodies.Alone amongst the dead, Voldemort stormed up and down, and they passed before him in the vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality—But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it. He, the greatest wizard of them all, he, the most powerful, he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthless, nameless men: how could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked — mutilated?Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to re-enter the castle... To tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy: didn't their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was, ever, to trust?He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with him: he would not be parted from the snake any more...And he strode from the room, through the hall and out into the dark garden where the fountain played; he called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to join him like a long shadow

That red and viscous liquid that smelled of metal burning right under your nose and colonises your senses as a nauseous sensation that travels from the gut of your stomach to the tip of your tongue.Leevanna looked down feeling small.Draco pulled her softly so that half of her body would be behind him; he also looked to the ground still in shock and frightening.She saw the red liquid slid between the bodies of the place, while Voldemort walked among them.If she became her successor she would have to be like him? She would kill innocent people just because she was angry?She felt a current in her spine.She didn't want that.Voldemort began to talk to Nagini and Leevanna had to sharpen her audition to listen well.She had learned Parsel after all, a few months after her second year ended. She had been even using it in the meetings.Her brain quickly translated."The boy has discovered our secret, Nagini."He was talking about the Horcruxes.Leevanna had been reading about them, how the worked and what they caused to the person who dared to create them.So she started thinking.If he was so worried about that golden cup she had seen a few times it must be because a piece of his twisted — and Leevanna thought non-existen — soul lies there."It makes us vulnerable."And Leevanna knows that whoever who was the first one in discovering Lord Voldemort's little secret, she supposed, had told so to someone he trusted or at leat leave a hint.And she thinks.Her mind divagates through all the people who is a current and dead Death Eater. All the persons she has knowledge about receiving the Dark Mark against their willingness or for really wanting it. A lot of people is dead by now.Her fellows are scared of receiving that same destiny, she knows. She had heard them talk about abandoning the ship if more mistakes are committed. They were going to fight, yes, but if it existed a chance of someone killing Voldemort, they surely would go back to their houses and pretend nothing happened.She keeps thinking.Nobody came into her mind who was enough smart to connect the two pieces of the puzzle. Really, none of the Death Eaters was brave enough to challenge their master or — in the worst scenario — to betray him so nasty.So she wonders about enemies.Someone who had always suspected about Voldemort's plans — and everyone else's too.Was Dumbledore at the root of this?He, the man that had been killed by her husband to keep her alive, could have possibly connected the pieces too?The man was intelligent enough to know the youngest of the Malfoys had been order to kill him to protect his dear wife. He had kept it a secret and Leevanna was starting to suspect he had ordered Severus to kill him to 'save' her husband's soul and shite like that.If Severus wasn't loyal to Voldemort then he was playing for the Order's side, there was no doubt in that. But would he know all about the Horcruxes? Surely Dumbledore must had shared the information with someone.Who had been closest to Dumbledore all these years? At least closest to the surface of the big mystery Dumbledore was.That someone couldn't be Severus Snape, she knows it couldn't.Then is someone she knows quite well and has made the air left her body when his wand pointed her dear blond and almost killed him.Harry Potter.And all makes sense.That's why Voldemort has tried to kill him multiple times. That's why Voldemort wants his head hanging on a wall as he stares at it drinking a cup of hot tea seated on his throne of pythons.She knows that Voldemort has knowledge about the Potter boy being a threat to him. And more if the boy has been under Dumbledore's wing all this time.Her mind's eye lets her remember that say at Malfoy Manor when Bellatrix tortured Hermione Granger in the drawing room.The woman had been terrified when she saw the sword of Godric Gryffindor in hands of the Snatchers. Could the sword be a Horcrux? No, that sword just appeared when a true member of the — insufferable — house of Gryffindor needed it. Voldemort was just as fond of Gryffindors as her father had loved her.The sword was out of the thought.She remembers the question Bellatrix made: 'What else did you take?!' The woman had been terrified at the thought the Golden Trio had entered her vault at Gringotts.Leevanna was brilliant enough to add two plus two and decipher a Horcrux was inside that vault.Could it possibly be that inside her parents' vault was a Horcrux waiting to be found? She hoped and prayed she was wrong. She didn't have the time to check it out either.She really wishes she could have been intelligent enough to concentrate her attention in how to defeat Voldemort instead of crying and being depressed for nothing.Certainly Granger was more intelligent. Leevanna had been to late. She had been in her perfect dreamy and streamy bubble all this time and the war had been a whisper she didn't even remember.Gods, Leevanna had been so stupid and was so fucking sorry for not being able to help earlier.She had been a coward and know she could only pray.If fucking God even existed and had the fucking decency to fucking finally listen to her, clearly.Draco held her hand even tighter when Voldemort approached them cautiously, still talking to Nagini."And you, my friend, must stay close."Then he twisted and disappeared from the place.Narcissa turned her head to look at the two teenagers next to her, trembling.The woman took the portkey out of one of her pockets without her husband realising it; he remained in his position, observing the bodies on the floor as if he were hypnotised."Cissy..." Leevanna whispered about to have a nervous breakdown when Narcissa extended her the portkey.She could feel Draco's hand tightening her to avoid trembling, he was also looking at the object scared and with surprise.Narcissa smiled at them weakly and with tears in her eyes, she was avoiding trembling.Maybe it would be the last time she would see them, she knew it... But she had to let them go.Severus had told her that they needed to go back to Hogwarts.   "Get out of here..." the woman whispered back.Both gave her a final look before she put the portkey between their tangled hands and pressed them before she let go of them.Both disappeared. "That's a Bleeding heart," said a thirteen-year-old Leevanna pointing the flower. "This is a Black Cat Petunia and that's an Osriria Rose."

"These are for me?" The woman asked putting a hand on her chest as she received the flowers.

"Yep," the girl smiled. "Mum's not in the house and I'm not sure if she would like them... But I knew you would, Cissy."

Narcissa melted but before she could extend her arms to embrace the girl, she waved goodbye. An echo.The portkey had barely fallen from their hands when they appeared in their room at Hogwarts.Both remained in shock.Standing up.Tears running through their cheeks silently.Fear.He was the first to let go of her hand.She felt the air became scarce.«At some point, both were going to explode... Like dynamite...»"Get — Get me—" she gasped before the tears ran down even faster. "Get me out of here!" She screamed covering her ears with her trembling hands as she fell in her knees to the floor.He could not react.His whole body burned and his ears plugged feeling his around become slow.Her screams were background noise that was distorted as his vision blurred.He could not talk, something was pressing his chest constantly."Get me out!" She cried trying to stop the screams in her head. "Make it stop! Make it stop..." she was breaking.And Draco could not react.He could not listen to her.He was lost.In blank. "Mum?" Asked a nine-year-old Draco scratching his eye with his wrist drowsily.

Narcissa cleaned her tears quickly before turned to see him.

"Are you crying?" The boy asked approaching her.

"Of course not," she smiled crouching down to his height.

"Where's dad?" He asked.

"He... He went to work," the woman smiled again caressing the back of his head. The boy nodded. "You wanna bake some lemon tartlets?"

Draco smiled nodding happily.

"Can we go to play under the rain while they bake?" asked the blond as the woman took his hand to head to the kitchen.

"Anything you want, love," said Narcissa smiling. The air began to fail him and his head hurt like never had done before.She wasn't yelling anymore, she was just crying trying to stop the screams in her head.Stress.Both were immersed in their own world full of stress and fear.They could not help the other.She growled as she pulled the bedsheets in an attack of anger.He went numb.His body became weak and his hands grabbed the edge of the desk before his back did.Tears falling across his eyes.He turned over, closing his eyes tightly and trying to breathe.He didn't know when the anger had taken over his body making him push all the things on the desk with his forearm.The vases with already dry flowers broke exploding into a thousand pieces on the floor.Everything was slow.She was sitting on the floor, with her back leaning on the feet of their bed with her whole body shaking, her legs flexed with her elbows over them as her trembling hands pressed her ears."Get me out... Get me out..." she whispered as her brain reproduced the image of the dead bodies again and again.Both feeling an impediment doom.Feeling out of reality.His back slid down the wall slowly until he sat down completely, still feeling the air scarce and having blurred vision.His hands were next to his semi-flexed legs while he was still in trance.He could not get out of the trance.He did not even know what he was doing.His soft crying drowned in his throat, not letting him be able to breathe.Her whispers became less and less audible and her breathing heavy.Her mind torturing her constantly with the screams and the green lights.Blood... Screams... Scissors... The bathroom... Green lights... 

 Hate... Scratches... Pain.Death.Blood... Screams... Scissors... The bathroom.Green lights... 

 Guilt... Scratches... Pain... The woods.Death.Blood... Screams... Scissors... The bathroom... Dark Mark... The deep hole.Voldemort... 

 Fault...Bodies... Scratches... Pain... Death... The woods... The tea party... The bathroom...Blood... Screams... The bathroom... The deep hole... Pain...Dark Mark... 

 Pain... Scratches... Scissors... Death... Dark Mark... The woods... The deep hole... The bathroom...Drowning... 

 Guilt... Pain... Scratches... Blood... Voldemort... Green lights.Screams... 

 The bathroom... Blood... Drowning... Tears... Scratches... Voldemort.Screams... Green lights... Pain... Death.Blood... 

 Drowning.The woods.Fault.The bathroom.Explosion.Scissors.The tea party.Green lights.The deep hole.Pain.Guilt.Voldemort.Dark Mark.TearsDeath. 

 Fever.Both were drowning.But they could not save the other.She covered her face with her forearms, burying her fingers in her hair and pulling it tightly trying to avoid scream as she cries in silent.He leaned his head on the wall, closing his eyes and supporting an arm on his flexed knee while feeling the pain on his head increasing, even more, letting his soft sobs drown in his throat.«Like dynamite.»Meanwhile, the sun began to brush against the horizon, slowly changing its colour first to orange, gaining strength until it mixed in reddish, creating a hard and more contrasting colour until it reached red, which began to illuminate the entire room.Everything was red. ༄ Both looked at each other.Maybe it was dry tears... Or the screams and cries they had given half an hour ago...But there was a strange feeling of calm in their eyes.They had exploded.With screams.Breaking things.Crying.Each in their own world, but in the same room.Both were surrounded by disaster: broken glasses, dry flowers everywhere, books, water, clothes, stuff turned over or broken...It was chaos.But at least it was only the room.Both were sitting with their backs laying on the feet of the bed, which was without sheets.Both sighed low.Everything hurt them.Their bodies had burned in fever and anger after accumulating things for so long."What are we going to do now?" She murmured by putting her head on his shoulder.She was tired."I don't have the slightest idea," he confessed also in a whisper intertwining his hand with hers on the ground.He was tired too."Draco," she muttered."Hm?""I don't want to be the Dark Lady," she said looking at the ground."You want to fight for the Order?" she shook her head. "Then for who you want to fight?""For us.""Okay," he sighed. "We'll fight for us."The room was still illuminated by that red light that radiated from the sunset. Which seemed to be eternal, as if it wanted to stop time for a moment before the chaos. As if it wanted to let them enjoy a moment of the strange peace they felt.What were they supposed to do now?Narcissa had taken them out of that place and sent them back to Hogwarts.Why exactly?They were supposed to be Death Eaters — no matter what they believed, the mark on their arms was irreversible —, they were supposed to arrive at Hogwarts when Lord Voldemort gave the order.What the hell were they doing there then?Being with the Death Eaters was a little safer than Hogwarts was at that time, even if they hated to admit it.But there was Severus.They were safe and protected with him, weren't they?Yes, they were safe with him.Severus would protect them.He had always done it after all.Leevanna closed her eyes and let a long sigh escape from her lips."Think about the beach... And the green-house," she muttered as a small and soft smile formed on her lips.Draco closed his eyes and supported his head on hers."Think about China... And our house," he muttered back also forming a soft closed-mouth smile on his lips."Can we get a fish too?""We are having a dog, Leevy, he is going it the fish."Leevanna looked at him horrified."He is not!" She protested making him chuckle. "He is going to be a gentleman... And it's not going to eat fishes!" He nodded."We should get a snake," he suggested."The black ones?" He nodded. "Let's get two, they are gorgeous.""We are going end with a zoo," he chuckled."Draco," she said and he looked at her. "Who exactly is gonna cook?"And both went blank."Oh..." he muttered.They spent some seconds in silence, trying to figure it out how the hell they were gonna live."Narcissa," both said sighing relieved."She needs to teach us how to," she said. "We could use magic for the rest.""For a moment I forgot that we have magic," he confessed giggling softly."I had a dream last night," she said resting her head on his shoulder again. He looked at her. "We were almost old, like you and I had a bit of grey hair, but you still looked handsome though," she chuckled. "We were in our house, in the living room with the fireplace on and we were dancing."And Draco couldn't help but imagine that scenario."I love you, Leevy," he muttered leaving a kiss on her forehead."I love you, Draco," she muttered closing her eyes and pressing their foreheads.And both remained silent again, still surrounded by disaster, only illuminated by that red light and with a strange feeling of calm.Until a piece of parchment appeared in front of both of them.Her heart skipped a beat."That was cool," he said seeing it fall slowly until it reached the floor."Severus and I made that... Is a spell," she said hurrying to grab the parchment."What does it say?" he asked seeing her unfolding it."He wants to see me," she whispered and then looked at him. "Now." ༄ Narcissa screamed."I am done! Do you hear me?! I AM FUCKING DONE!""Cissa..." Lucius whispered."I'VE LOST FUCKING EVERYTHING!""Of course not, Cissa — Calm down—""THEY ARE MY CHILDREN! YOU HEAR ME?!" she yelled and he nodded jerkily. "IF FUCKING SOMETHING HAPPENS TO THEM, I SWEAR I'M DONE WITH THIS!""What—" Lucius gasped scared trying to approach her. "Cissa... Cissa— What— What do you mean?""IT MEANS THAT IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO THEM, I AM DONE WITH YOUR SHITE LUCIUS! And I fucking mean it!""No— Y-You can't—""OF COURSE I CAN!" she screamed with tears running down her tears uncontrollably. "SO PRAY FOR THAT NOTHING HAPPENS TO MY CHILDREN OR I SWEAR I AM FUCKING LEAVING YOU!"And she left their room wiping her tears with anger and heading to another room, leaving Lucius froze in his position.

Draco frowned."How does he know we are here?" He asked."I... I don't know..." she answered fixing her gaze on the writing.'Astronomy Tower, five minutes. –S.'The blond stared at the note a bit. The Astronomy Tower was a... Well — complicated subject for him. He hadn't been there for a long time now, he really was disgusted and hunted by the place. It had a lot of many beautiful memories, yeah, but all that was opaqued for the thing that happened in their sixth year, the fear he had felt and how terrified he and his wife were, the things they had been forced to do to survive that year.Survive. That had been the priority since they received The Dark Mark.The first years of the relationship they didn't like to talk about how their future would be. They didn't like to make plans and just live the moment because — well — with the explosive and stubborn personalities both had it had been difficult to stay together and they didn't know if they were going to last or not. But then... Then one day, after they got married, Leevanna asked if they could have an orchard in their house and Draco said yes. And after that, they just started making plans. It felt good somehow, think about how their lives together would be.They sometimes joked about how many times they were going to threaten the other with divorce papers and leaving the kid with the other. "We're going to end treating the poor thing like a dog."

"Wait — It's not like having a dog?"

"I don't know. Should we buy it pedigree food?" Yeah, it was more likely for them to end sending Narcissa Malfoy pics of the dog and their fish wearing Christmas hats instead of giving her grandchildren. But they liked to think they would be great parents and be able to not forget their kid in a supermarket or the back seat of the car."You don't have to come," she muttered looking up at him. "I know that — I don't want to go there either.""I'm not gonna let you go alone," he looked up at her. "We haven't been here for months now, we don't know if it's secure — thing that would never.""I'm gonna use Apparition," she sighed. "I'm not practically leaving the room.""Leevanna — I'm not letting you go alone, that's my last word.""Draco — I'm using Apparition, that's my last word."Both narrowed their eyes at each other. She crossed her arms over her chest and looked at him with a raised eyebrow. He rolled his eyes."I swear to God, why did I marry you again?""You live with the consequences, my life," she chuckled before surrounding his neck with her arms. "Come on, I always win you over.""Yeah, yeah, you're the only one," he narrowed his eyes at her and placed a hand on the outside part of her thigh to sit her on him. "Promise me you're not going to let anybody see you.""I promise," she smiled and left a soft kiss on his lips."Fine," he sighed. "Go, I'm gonna clean all the mess we just did.""Should I buy you a maid costume?""Fuck off, Vaughan."And she laughs making him look at her playfully as he denies with his head and a smile."The sunset seems eternal," she sighs looking at the window. The red light of it still illuminating all the room, slowly and imperceptibly fading away, sliding up across the floor like a sheet being pulled."Maybe it should be," he sighs surrounding her body with his arms "Go before I keep using you like a teddy bear.""You always use me as a teddy bear," he took off his middle finger making her laugh. "Fine, I should be going, one of Severus virtues it's not exactly patience.""I know where did you get it from then," now was her turn to took off her middle finger before he left a kiss on her forehead chuckling. "See you later.""I'll see you later," she sighed and got up, drawing the wand Narcissa had given her in replace of hers and taking air deeply before waving it.Draco sighed slowly when she disappeared from the room. His fingers ran through his hair as he draws his mother's wand to use it and clean the room. He would never do clean by himself. And neither would Leevanna."Tergeo," he muttered standing up and seeing all the things go back to normal in a matter of seconds. "Well done, Draco," and he lets his body fall backwards on the bed with his eyes closed. ༄ 

Severus Snape stared at nothing but the desk for at least twenty minutes, with his chin supported on his tangled hands and surrounded by that unfriendly and abrasive aura the ancient school had. Thinking about all the things that had happened in the last eighteen years. It was a big amount of time.He had believed, a long time ago, that he would never be able to love someone as he loved Lily Evans. She had been his first love, in a life full of darkness and ill-treatment, she had been the only one who had made him smile. Lily Evans had filled him with love and — gross. He had suffered too much for that stupid thing.Though he knew he didn't deserve her love. He had said the most hurtful thing to her because of the hate he had towards James Potter, but his younger self knew what he was doing when he said that. He had been more than deadly after, but he knew he had done it on purpose and deserved Lily's cruel silence and absence.He looked at her from afar, begging for her forgiveness but unable to change his way of thinking. He couldn't. And she knew it.He knew that being in love with her was not correct, due of beliefs in his family and other things that later seemed the most absurd things in the world to him after a series of terrible and tragic events, but that didn't mean that he could fight against what he felt every time he saw her laughing with her other friends. He envied her. She looked so carefree and happy that it had caused Severus a bitter flavour in his mouth and a disturbing chest pain that he couldn't decipher. The worst thing was that she didn't love him back. He knew that she loved someone else and that someone did deserve her — her pure love, at least a little more than he did.James bloody Potter had done what Severus could never. Change.Change for the person he was in love with. He had changed on time.Severus had done it too late. He knew.That façade of strength he had shown when he begged Lord Voldemort not to kill his dearest love had remained for a long time, even before he became a double spy and started helping The Order of The Phoenix. Until —Until he went to Godric's Hollow.He remembered every single bloody part of that night. That cursed and horrible night which tormented him often, for years now.He could remember how the world had slowed and his breathing heavy at every step he took in the direction of the already destroyed house. He had been able to feel the echo of his own heartbeat plugging his ears and resonating on his head, as his body had numb and his knees had wobbled a little when he was in front of the entrance of the house. He had had to close his eyes before having the courage to enter.He could even remember how many stairs he had climbed before finding James Potter's dead body in his pyjamas and with an empty look on the carpeted floor of the house. At each step, Severus had felt that feeling of numbness and the constant pain of the hammering in his head.And then he almost fainted.It had been as if his pressure had risen to the highest point and then descended in one fell swoop, abandoning his body and leaving him weak like never before in his life.It had been too late.The ghost of tears that had abandoned his eyes without his permission could still feel on his skin. That feeling of wanting to become nothing and everything at the same time.Her body, there, thrown, so cold and lifeless.He had suffered from severe depression earlier years of his life, closing himself up completely from the world and becoming so silent as a monk just to hide what he felt.But seeing her dead... Her, he — he hadn't been able to stop crying and crying again and again, as a punishment that scourged him mercilessly.Until, in the middle of his stage of solitude and crying, Neferet Vaughan had invited him to her manor to do her a favour. Take care of her insurmountable daughter. A thing that the kid wasn't, at all. The woman with whitish blonde hair, who was trembling, had a tired appearance and the red eyes of crying while carrying the girl as she could trying to stop her crying. Severus had compared himself to the girl and the thought did him so grace that he decided to carry her so they could cry together.The baby with also white hair had stopped crying the first second that he touched her. Neferet had gone out to cry. Apart from the fact that she hadn't wanted or liked the girl, now she also turned out to be a terrible and useless mother.Severus had stayed with Leevanna since then.While Neferet gradually recovered physically and mentally about the pain that had caused her to be forced to have someone she didn't love, Nicholas Vaughan seemed to have appeared to bring her down again. The man, being the most cynical person in the world, constantly reminded his wife that the women with whom he had sex had a better body and looked more beautiful. Severus saw thousands of times how Neferet went crazy trying to look seductive every time her husband arrived at their house, how she made the ridiculous of herself.Severus, from afar, had the little baby sitting on his legs while both had tea in the yard. Maybe that's why Leevanna liked tea parties so much.He constantly thought of Lily Evans, yes, but when he was with the girl his crying and loneliness seemed to go and take back seat, very far away. The girl drove him mental each time, but her clumsiness made him laugh every time. Laughter couldn't help getting out of his lips every time she fell out of her face trying to walk on her own when she had a year and a half.But not everything was happiness.There were times when both, baby and man, seemed lost in the sight of a rainy day while they remained in silence, with the screams of Nicholas and Neferet in the background.As the years passed, even if Severus never admitted it, Leevanna was the only one who could make her smile on that day's anniversary. She always forced him to eat sweets until they couldn't anymore while both argued for stupid things. "You... Whatever your name is."

"What?" Responded the three-year-old.

She took off her middle finger and Severus' eyes widened open.

"You insolent little, clumsy—"

"I have three and I look better than you, deal with your envy." When Leevanna was four, she was the same or a bit more intelligent than Severus and that made him roll his eyes every time she asked something. She was in her 'Why?' phase. 

The man, standing idly and looking down at the little thing, how he called her, who looked up at him with a book in her hand.

"Where do babies come from?"

He blushed slightly.

"I'm not answering this," and he turned to leave the place as she started following him.

 He had been there. For her. All the time.He had been the first person to see her cry of pain with her little red face and tiny hand trying to cover her sobs while hiding in a corner of her room. "What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Severus yelled, carrying the girl in distress and covering her with his robes as she clung to him.

"It was a little experiment," Nicholas shrugged, a slight stench of alcohol emanating from him.

"She has half-face bleeding, Nicholas!" He had intervened in most of the things she had gone through. Of course, he couldn't be present in several of them because Nicholas took advantage of the fact that he was only at his home five days a week.From that moment on, Severus took the girl with him also on weekends. He didn't leave her a single moment alone and had even put a spell at the door of her room to make sure that nothing bad happened to her while he and she were sleeping.He saw her grow.He saw her laugh when Luna Lovegood appeared in her life and took Severus out of his squares with all those things about good and bad energies. He saw her green eyes shine every time he told her a fairytale about a certain lily princess. Her enthusiasm when both prepared flowers potions, harmless and that served for absolutely nothing but she liked to collect them as perfumes. He had heard her talk about the thousands of books she had read and all the types of flowers she knew. He had embraced her and dried her tears. He had made her laugh. He had been the only person who protected and raised her. He had been like a parent for her.And he hadn't wanted to leave when she was eight years old.But he had to.And he thought that maybe she would be fine, that if he made her promise to tell him everything that happened to her in daily letters, he could protect her in some way, that if he warned Nicholas and Neferet that if they touched her a single hair he would take her away and they would never see her again.He had done it when she was six, her parents hadn't seen her for two months until people from the Ministry of Magic appeared at the door of Severus' house asking for the girl. So he had no problem in changing direction, name, and galaxy in order to keep her away from the monsters she had as parents.He had tried to protect her.When he arrived her house, a month after she turned ten and the daily cards had stopped arriving, he had felt the most naive person in the world for believing that Nicholas would listen to him once in his life.She didn't let anyone touch her, she cried all the time and seemed more terrified than ever. "You left me alone..." She cried in a whisper.

"I never wanted— Oh, God, what they had done to you little thing?" And he wrapped her in his arms, listening to her cry and despair. Those daily letters had been a cruel lie. Nicholas had threatened the girl that if she told Severus one single thing, he himself would kill the man in front of her. She had only been allowed to write about the 'good' things, all lies and inventions that she had practised for months to believe them herself first.She had told him everything.From cruel words, jewellery full of dark magic, blows and tears, to Alyssa Dexter and the other children in her tea party.Leevanna Jullieth Vaughan was traumatised.A girl, ten years old, who had to go through all those things, alone, was more than traumatised.Severus had tried, he had really forced himself to try not to get incarnated, not to love her.But it had been impossible.And he had really thought that he would never love anyone as he had done with Lily Evans... Until Leevanna Vaughan came to his life. He continued loving Lily, yes, but Leevanna, that girl who had stopped crying when he first carried her, occupied his whole heart and soul.And now that little girl was a complete lady. A beautiful lady who loved someone who loved her back and had a beautiful and long life which to live and enjoy.A life in which Severus would not participate anymore. A life he wouldn't be able to see."I remember the first time we talk about her," said the portrait on his side. "Her fear. After the incident in her first year.""I thought you weren't interested in someone else than Potter, Dumbledore," responded him bluntly."Ah, it would surprise you," the painting said. "You know, you still can get her out.""She's gonna fight," Severus turned to see the painting. "She wants to and she — she's stubborn and insufferable and insolent and bloody clumsy and careless—""But you love her," Severus glared him. "More than you loved Lily, or am I wrong?""That brilliant mind of yours is never wrong," he sighed."And what about your plan?"His plan.His meticulous and very well organised plan.The lies seemed something in what Severus had been first in queue the day it was distributed. He wasn't a double agent for nothing. All had been carefully planned from the beginning of all this open war. "My Lord?" Severus said entering the dining room at Malfoy Manor.

"Ah, Severus," he said turning to look at him instead of the window. Nagini slid following him. The black-haired men followed her crawling attentively. "Draco Malfoy, did he disarmed Dumbledore that night?"

Severus froze for a second, remembering his goddaughter's words that day after both arrived Malfoy Manor. Yes, Draco had disarmed and killed the man. The problem came when Severus realised that Dumbledore had been the Elder Wand's Master, he himself had told him.

Lord Voldemort had the wand now. But he wasn't the true Master, he had stolen the wand, no disarmed his former owner.

Severus avoided widening his eyes when all the pieces fitted.

Fuck, he thought for himself.

"No," he answered. "I disarmed him in his office for something I don't quite remember right know," his tone was neutral, avoiding paying attention to the slight shaking his hands had acquired behind his back for the big lie he was saying. "He had two wands, few knew about it, he had the second wand with him the night Draco killed him."

Leevy had lost many people already, she couldn't lose her motive to live too.

So Severus sacrificed himself.

"Something else, my Lord?"

"No, you can go now... Severus." He hadn't believed that lying to Lord Voldemort would be so easy. Now, with many years playing for both sides and with his loyalty in two persons, Severus thought that Voldemort was just a big fool."It's gonna continue," Severus responded looking away and starting to walk towards the window, staring back at his distorted reflection in the drizzle-kissed glass. "And she's going to be happy, with or without me. She would be happy. Malfoy will make sure of that""She's gonna miss you," the portrait sighed. "But you might see her again.""What are you talking about?" Severus frowned turning his gaze to him. The painting of Dumbledore shrugged."Better be hurrying now, Severus, you should tell her soon.""Don't worry, Dumbledore," he said coolly. "I will."Snape turned his head and returned to gazing out of the window, wondering how fate could be so callous and not letting him see his Leevy being happy anymore, not being able to see her smile or discuss with her like two children. He gritted his teeth against the ache in his heart.And he left the room. "Dad—" Leevanna closed her mouth at that moment and looked at the front trying to continue making her flower crown.

"How did you just call me?" Frowned Severus lowering his book and turning his head to look at her.

She formed a closed-mouth smile trying to contain her laughter as she looked at him again.

"Severus," and she gave a sip to her tea.

"Aha..." He looked at her with narrowed eyes before uploading his book again and smile behind it. A cruel chill rushed down her spine as she rounded another curve, and she hurried her steps. She took the edges of her black long cardigan to wrap herself and crossed her arms over her chest due to the wind the rain had left.He was turning his back to her, with his hands behind it and standing on the edge of the tower. His head looking straight."You know? You still haven't bought me those liquorice cherry wands you promise me the first time I spent Christmas with the Malfoys.""You want them now?" He turned his head to look at her with a raised eyebrow. She chuckled and denied with her head as she approached. "I'm glad you received my message.""How did you know we were here?" She frowned softly. Both looking straight."I know you want to fight, Leevy," he sighed. "You and Draco want to fight," he looked at her. "And I know you two have changed your minds a lot.""I took time," a sigh left her lips. The sun hiding slowly. He looked straight again."You already know I'm a double agent, right?" She nodded. "How do you feel about that?""What are you? My therapist?" She said playfully with a raised eyebrow and then shook her head. "I think I always knew it. It wasn't a big surprise. I knew you wouldn't tell me and I'm not angry.""Draco knows too?" She nodded again."He took his time to understand it, but he succeeded and is fine with it, really," her eyes divagated through the landscape. "But I know that's not for what you called me, Severus.""You really have an extra-large brain inside that head of yours, don't you?""What did you spect? I've read more books than anyone else in this fucking world," she chuckled."You are not intelligent just for that," he sighed. "Most of your intelligence comes from how you coordinate yourself with other people and your environment. Your love of learning and insatiable lust to grow, your curiosity about everything.""Since when we talk about my—""Let me finish," he interrupted. "You are humble, your intelligence is. You know that each of us is responsible for our life, that we're all essentially alone in this world, doing the best we can and all painfully aware that it's entirely up to us how well we manage with what chance and society allow us, and so you feel compassion and a wish to help. You analyse things, by 'feeling the atmosphere' or 'listening to your inner voice'," he chuckled. "You think and feel for yourself, always having views at odds with most other people. You are brave in the sense of pathfinding or of standing alone for what you believe and passionates you is right."He turned to look at her."I admire you."She turned to look at him."I really do, Leevy.""I admire you, too, Severus," she dedicated him a closed-mouth smile. "You're really the bravest person I know, you had been through a lot just like me and — And you're still here, fighting. I never thanked you for being there for me when I needed someone the most. I know I acquired all I know because of you because you raised me. You made a lot of mistakes, yes, just like everyone else in this fucked up world, and no one is who to judge you for that. You changed, maybe a bit late according to you, but I think you were just on time. You realised your mistakes and corrected them, as a person does.""Feeling sentimental, aren't we?" Both chuckled as they looked straight again."Say to me whatever you have to say," she sighed feeling her eyes watering. "Just — I think I have an idea of what's it.""You have a beautiful future which you're going to live and enjoy," the ache in his heart becomes stronger. "You have a whole fucking life, a very long life. You're gonna have kids and that greenhouse you always wanted. You and Draco are going to love each other forever and always. And you two are going to die when you have greyish hair and you become old and frail. I know that. You're going to be happy and free.""...But you are not going to be with me..." A knot formed in her throat as a tear ran down her left cheek."...But I am not going be with you..." And his eyes watered. "I have a plan, Leevy, a plan that has been in my mind since the beginning of this year."None could look at the other."I'm going to miss you," more tears flooding her cheeks. "Every day.""I'm going to miss you, too, Leevy," the tears running down his cheeks.And both turned slowly."I love you, Severus," it had been a whisper, a sob full of pain and love."I love you, Leevy," a sideways smile decorated his face before he wrapped her in a hug. "I will love you always, more than anyone else."She circled his body with her arms and hid her face on his chest as he caressed her hair and his chin rested on her head.The sun sliding down, leaving them without its warmth and giving space for the night to take place, allowing the calm to go and the end and beginning of everything to start.When Leevanna arrived at the dorm that had been her refuge for a lot of time, she wasn't crying anymore. The dry tears remained on her cheeks and eyes making her glassy iris shine.Draco, still laid on the bed, turned his head to look at her and frowned softly when he saw the dry salty water."Leevy?" He muttered sitting down to look at her better. She let out a sob of her blood-rushed lips. "Oh, Leevy... Come here, my life."And she did, as always she was going through a lot and needed a refuge to go and hide until the storm calmed. As a home she could go and not be rejected. Her only motive to continue living and fighting. Her only love and life. Always.She, sitting on him and with her arms around his neck as he surrounded her torso with his arms and supported his chin on her head. Her silent tears sliding slowly down. He, protecting her as he always did, left a kiss on her hair and closed his eyes delighting himself with her subtle aroma. His silence was enough.Leevanna wiped her tears away with her wrist and looked up at him.He wiped the tears which remained with his thumbs and left a kiss on her forehead."You are never going to leave me, right?" She muttered looking at him."Never, my life," he pressed their foreheads and both closed their eyes."It's gonna start today," she breathed. "The sunset already left.""Leevy, you know we could get out of here," he said. "We can get out of this fucking place and go whatever we want. Let me take you out..."She denied with her head."No," she said firmly. "We're not leaving, we need to fight.""Why do you need to be so stubborn?" And both chuckled before opening their eyes. "We're fighting then.""We are," she sighed before leaving a soft kiss on his lips. "I love you.""I love you," he smiled as her fingers intertwined in his hair. "I love you so much.""Actually I love you more," he smiled and he pulled her closer. "Yeah, I definitely love you more.""Mm-mm," he shakes his head. "That can't be true because I love you more."She separated from him. "No, I do.""I do," and he raised an eyebrow."I do.""I do.""Me.""Me.""Me.""Me."And then, with his hands on her waist, he changed positions laying her on the bed with him on top of her between her legs. His hands supported by the sides of her head and her arms flexed above her head."I love you more," and his minty breath collides with the skin of her face as the words left his mouth."Make love to me," she whispers against his lips and he smiles."I always make love to you," and his lips leave a soft kiss on hers, tasting the savour they had."I know," and she presses their foreheads. "But you're not going to do so until the war is over.""Oh, so you wanna use me as your sexual slave before fighting against Death Eaters," and she laughs nodding."I always use you as my sexual slave," she rolled her eyes playfully before leaving a soft kiss on his lips. "And you don't complain.""Should I?" And both narrowed their eyes at each other teasingly. "I have as my wife the woman with whom everyone has dreamed of since second year... So yeah, I won't complain if you use me as a sexual slave.""And I have as my husband the man whom all the girls have wanted since second year... I won't complain if you use me either," and both smile against the other's lips. "You are going to make love to me or not?"He laughs. "I will make love to you every day of our lives."And their lips join in an eternal dance full of pure love and passion.And this time it's not a base of kinks both had, there's no ropes, no ice, no handcuffs or dirty talk. There's just their bodies touching and caressing the other's skin as they lost themselves in the pleasure.He kisses her slowly, feeling every part of her mouth with his lips. Everything goes slowly so both can feel the other completely for last time until everything is over. When they joined, their world reduced at that room both had shared for years, where they had been through a lot of things.If that room could speak, it would confess that both are a couple of crazy people who love each other without any measure, it would confess all the things that happened when no one was looking at them, the tears, the screams and cries, but also the moans and lust that echoed on the walls. If the bed spoke, on the other hand, it would be able to give a full course of sex and anatomy, but it would also talk about stars and flowers, about long and deep conversations full of secrets that only both shared, it would also be a book full of poetry and pyropes in the style of both. And if both spoke together, room and bed, they would tell stories of passion and fantasy.Her body lifts a little and he pushed her cardigan backwards before starting to unbutton her blouse slowly, button by button and brushing his fingertips against her skin as both looked at each other in the eye. Once the fabric is gone, Draco took it into himself, breathing her breath, feeling what she felt.He'd never known anything as right.With her, everything felt more than right.She had taught him a lot. She had changed his life in a full 180, slowly, with the simplest actions since they were just two hormonal teenagers with the obsession of being the other's destruction.She had taught him how to love, and he had taught her how to live in love.They had learned with each other that one cannot take pleasure without giving it first and that every single gesture, every caress, every touch, every glance, every breath, every last bit of the body has a secret just the two of them share. And that secret brings happiness because both know how to wake it.Both lovers had learned that after bringing their loves together in a celebration, they should not part without admiring the other for a moment, losing themselves in each other as the silence surrounds them.His hands caressed the curves of her waist, warming her skin with his touch as she pushes his blazer and shirt backwards after untying his black tie. And she feels his skin, the scars his chest has from sixth year. And he feels hers scars too and he kisses them, she does the same with his.His kisses descend from her jawline to her neck, making her lips release a sound only he could make her do. His lips found her breasts as his hands find the edges of her leggings, lowering it at the same time his breath collides with her belly. Once he has taken out the fabric, he climbs the bed again and took a strand of hair behind her ear looking at her.And she doesn't know what he sees, but she sees eyes of surpassing tenderness and a clam-like the dignity of matter. And she loves the ocean blue-grey of his iris, she loves the curve against the withe.She doesn't know how he loves her, what he sees in her that makes her the one he chose instead of the others.She feels lucky.Lucky that she can know him in every single way possible. That she is the only one who knows him without any of his masks.And as he looks at her, he sees millions of constellations in her green iris. For him, her eyes were the colour of love. A love he would never forget or try to escape. A love he would live for infinity.And why else live if not to feel stars exploding in his veins every time he looks at her.He loves her, with more than his own life and less than life itself. He lives for and for her only, it will always be like that.But he doesn't know why she loves him. Why he can make her the happiest person in the world with just a look if he doesn't deserve her. Why he's able to feel her love intoxicating his body as black magic if he doesn't deserve it.He feels more than fortunate.The memories of the last eight years they had shared together or not, like a blurry sheet that reminds them of how they ended that way.And they are entering, deeper and deeper, gaze by gaze and kiss by kiss, this place beyond the other places, beyond the body itself, they are making love.His hands slide down her skin, reaching the outsider part of her thighs and climbing up until he reaches her belly again before continue lowering. His fingers find that centre of nerves that makes her shudder and jerk against him, and he caresses slowly, making circles and lines as both are breathing in the other's mouth.Her arms surrounding his neck and fingers buried in his hair she feels her body fill up with that aching emptiness she loves.When he aligned at her entrance, she closes her eyes and feels him completely immersing inside her before she opened them again and arched her back as a breathy moan breaks free from her blood-rushed lips. And he presses their foreheads as his hand intertwined with hers.And there's a difference, a huge abysm between having sex and making love.Because, when it comes to having sex, you only look for physical pleasure, merging oneself physical needs and body parts with the other partner and the only thing you are trying to have is an orgasm to release yourself.Making love, on the other side, means taking delight in exploring the other's body, mind, and heart because you want to share a seriously intimate connection between the two. Making love is about connecting minds and souls through the act of sexual intercourse.Making love is about living.And both are vulnerable now. All their barriers down and defences out of guard. On purpose.Because if the motivation for making love is to connect, there's no better way to do that than being intentionally vulnerable. And they know it.She says his name and he says hers.With no regret. With no despise. With not a single drop of guilt as their first time had been.Because now they make love to feed their soul and their mind, to fill a void that is there for a long time. To feel complete. Not to punish the other or themselves. Because you make love to someone who means everything to you, someone who can satisfy you soulfully and eternally.Making love is more than simply a pleasurable physical act or experience between two people. Making love encompasses all that a couple is supposed to share: trust and commitment, hopes and dreams, a promise to make it through whatever the future might bring.And making love with someone they know is their soulmate doesn't make them want to be anywhere else because they feel perfect just where they are.Because the greater the love; the greater the tragedy when it is over. ༄ And Draco looks at her.And Leevanna looks at him.Her long, curly, black hair falling by the sides of her cheeks and resting on her shoulders almost reaching her belly.And he loves the view his eyes had of her.He takes a mental picture as a smile decorates her lips before walking towards him and surround his neck with her arms standing on tippy toes.His hands took her waist and pulled her closer. He still needs to look down due to her height before pressing their foreheads.And the silence is beautiful.The starry sky is now cloudy by the dark clouds that decorate the black sky. The moonlight lines through the window and that's enough light for both.His eyes shine, a bright sparkle decorates his pupil as he loses himself in her eyes, which are shining too, she is also losing herself."We should go down," he whispers against her lips with his eyes closed."We should," her voice is also a whisper and her eyes are closed too.And they remain there for a minute, knowing that this is their last moment of peace before the big storm.He takes the edge of her jaw and slides his hand until it's on her cheek, his fingers half-buried in her hair. She caresses the back of his head before tangling her fingers in his hair.Their lips met once more in a soft and delicate kiss full of emotions they need to lock down in order to be able to fight.It feels like their first kiss mixed with the second and the third. Is a mix of every other kiss which followed too.Is a mix of making it last forever but being ethereal at the same time.Every sensation feels beautiful, every drop of their emotions slowly being burned down and taking back seat, slowly extinguishing until they know there is enough barriers inside them to be able to fight.And they break their contact slowly, trying to savour the last drop of sensations and feelings they have before looking at each other.And both separate from the other without breaking the eye-contact."Let's go down," he says and she nods.Both gave a last look at the room, trying to keep all the memories in their brains before closing the door and locking down the emotions for a moment until everything is over.Not any type of touch.Just walking next to the other in silence as they try to look straight and not to each other.They need to stop being dependant for a second.The sound of their steps echoing against the stone stairs as they arrived at the Slytherin common room."And what hell do you want me to do?" Growled Blaise before running his fingers through his short hair and rubbing it with exasperation."I was shagging with Lovegood, you were the one with her," said Theodore supporting his hands on his knees and bowing to look at someone. "Can you hear me, girly?""Is not like she has lost her audition.""What are you? A doctor? Because I see more a stripper in you.""I swear to Merlin, Theodore, this isn't—""What happened with Pansy?" Said Leevanna approaching the girl."Am I seeing ghosts or I really went mental and I'm imagining things?" Frowned Theodore before touching Leevanna with his finger. "No, I'm still sane.""What are you doing here?" Asked Blaise getting up from the couch and approaching Draco to stand by his side."We just arrived," Draco sighed. "But yeah, what's wrong with Parkinson?""Two Death Eaters forced her to use the Cruciatus curse on a first-year Muggle-born girl an hour or so ago," responded Blaise crossing his arms over his chest. "They were threatening her to put more pressure because she the curse was being weak due she wasn't meaning it. Then they killed the girl in front of her.""What?" Said Leevanna with a frown before crouching down to reach Pansy's height, who was sitting on the couch with her gaze lost.She and Leevanna weren't exactly best friends, both knew that. The only person who knew both of them deeply was Lhu Onely but — Lhu wasn't there with them anymore.They were on their own. As always.And maybe they are not exactly the most affectionate persons who knew how to reassure someone who was crying or having a bad time, but they would try.Leevanna would try."Pansy, can you hear me?" The girl nodded and looked at her."Where's Lhu?" Pansy whispered, just audible for the green-eyed. "I miss her...""I can't answer you that, Pans," Leevanna also whispered. "I don't know exactly where she is... But I miss her too, more than you could imagine.""They forced me, Leev," and Pansy's eyes filled with tears. They continue whispering. "They forced me to watch her and them they killed her... She was just eleven... Just a little girl..."And Leevanna had to close her eyes to avoid thinking about Aly.But she couldn't."When I was younger," she began. A whisper just audible for the girl, "I had a Muggle-born friend," Pansy looked at her. "I didn't know she was one until three days after my tenth birthday... My father tortured her and made me watch... Just like they forced you to do so," a sigh left her lips and she opened her eyes. "He also killed her... I know how you feel.""I — I didn't know—""Just six people know about it," she confessed. "You are part of them now.""Thank you..." Pansy whispered."No problem," Leevanna smiled. "It's not your fault Pansy... And—" she went blank for a moment. "And it wasn't my fault either..."And Leevanna feels a big and old load leave her shoulders.After eight long years, she finally knows that what happened to Alyssa Dexter wasn't her fault. It had never been and would never be her fault.And she smiles."Her name was Alyssa," she says. "But she liked to be called Aly, she said that her name was too long and boring," and both girls chuckled. "And I always said like: have you heard my name?" And an image of her passes through her mind. "She was very pretty and was always smiling.""Thank you so much, Leev," Pansy smiles with watery eyes. "I—I really mean it.""I know you do, Pans, I know you do.""Mate, if I were you, I would starting to explore more kinks and boundaries because I swear they are just about to kiss right now," murmured Theodore towards Draco, but it was high enough for the girls to listen.Draco glared him. "Nott, sure that isn't you who should be looking more kinks and boundaries?""Are you proposing something, blondie?" And Theo blinked repeatedly and dreamily, faking he was a teenage girl in love."Theo, stop traumatising my husband," laughed Leevanna approaching them next to Pansy. "I already fixed her, who's paying?""Blaise," said Draco and Theo at the same time as the dark-skinned turned to look at them confused."Excuse me, what?""Don't worry Blaise, I'm satisfied with you killing a pair of the Death Eaters," she chuckled."What are you doing here by the way?" Asked Pansy towards Leevanna.The green-eyed girl finally made eye-contact with the blonde in front of her after minutes of controlling their necessity."It's happening," Draco sighed."It's gonna start at any moment," Leevanna added. None of them could look away."You are not talking about—"And a voice resonated in the corridors."All students go to the Great Hall. All students go to the Great Hall. Immediately."   "The war."

And they are walking.Just walking.In silent.Blaise is holding Pansy's hand, tightly, with his fingers flexed against hers in a way to keep her close. He is shivering inside. Feeling his body trying to reconstruct itself as his brain thinks the ways this war could turn out. If they rather survived or die. If they would be able to forget all this. All the traumas. He is there, just holding his lover's hand with fervour trying to not lose her.Pansy, with the dry tears which made her skin sticky already fading away, was remembering some memories of previous years, at least the ones with her weird group of friends were they were just teenagers wanting to have fun without thinking about the consequences of their actions. When they were innocent. When they weren't marked with a life sentence. Maybe it was because she wanted to keep the hope they would have their happy ending, like in the fairytales. Or because she was trying to be brave and not run away.Theo, not holding anybody but thinking in somebody, is trying to fade away the feelings of wanting to run. He really wants to run, like everyone right now. He knows that if he says he is not going to fight, his friends wouldn't dare to judge him, because they want to run away too. He also knows the façades they are having right now is because they are mentally preparing themselves for the traumas they are gonna experiment in a while. And he remembers, he recalls the nights in the dungeons, drunk and high while they talked about whatever shit came out. And, wanting to finally be free and have more of those nights, he has promised himself to end with his father and his chains.Now, Draco and Leevanna?Their minds are one. Connected souls as flowers in a flower crown.But they are not touching.They cannot touch. They had promised internally that. After their last time bringing their bodies together in a celebration of love, they had promised not to touch until the sign of war is given.They know they had to do it. But — why?Because if they look at each other, the shields they constructed moments before would fall as a snow avalanche. Like ice melting because of the sun. Like flowers dying in winter. Like an empire being attacked. Like rain. Like tears.It would fall.They don't want that. They want to be strong for what's coming. They need that. They need to know they are in control again.And also because both are cowards.They know they are. They are waiting for the signal of their lover saying they are leaving in that precise moment to a place where none of them could be found. A sign that would never see the light because they know they need to fight.They need and are going to fight because they want liberty.Not just for themselves and all the people they love. They want liberty for all the people in the world. The ones who are gone and the ones who remain alive. The ones who fight and the ones who don't. They want liberty. That's all.They're not in a side. Nor their friends.They are fighting for themselves and liberty. That's all. That's the ultimate promise.They are also fighting for The green-house, their dream. That's the main thing that is pushing all the barriers to growth.Hogwarts is, no — feels — gloomy.The corridors full of light and laughter that once saw them grow, seem opaquer every day as if the castle was also suffering with them. As if it wanted to retain all the memories and keep them deep in the foundations.The ghosts of the good and bad memories flashed in front of the eyes of the five Slytherins. The sounds of the unstoppable laughter, the sadness that haunted them, the mistakes who seemed sins, the stolen and wanted kisses filled with stars, the midnight adventures and muffled voices as they ate food they stole from the kitchen, the secrets as ribbons of friendship, the promises under the seasons' skies and the words that had never been told.Everything is happening in front of them like mirages.They can see themselves, a reflection of what seems like an eternity ago. They are in the garden, laughing and talking. Next to Lhu and Daphne. Theodore is making some comment that made Pansy, Lhu and Daphne laugh while Blaise was the attacked one and is taking his middle finger off as Theo keeps talking. Draco and Leevanna are fighting as always over something meaningless before the second one started hitting the first one and the blond laughed before placing a kiss on her lips.They were so happy and they didn't realise it before.They wish they could go back in time and enjoy a little bit more, do more, feel more.They were a little family who had formed over time. All started just being innocent kids and now... Now they are gonna fight a final battle which would decide the course of their lives forever. A final battle which would judge everyone and everything regardless of whether sins were committed or not, regardless of innocent and guilty. A final battle which would not forgive anybody. A final battle which would decide their lives for now on.A final battle that would be the end and beginning of everything.The fuck — That sounded scary as hell.It was hella terrifying. Without any single drop of mercy for anyone.And they had to win.It was funny though.They could fight for the side they were supposed to fight. Be real Death Eaters who could not save their souls even if they begged to God. They could do that. Let Voldemort win and take all over the world as its only master. They would have a lot of privileges and all the things they could imagine.Because well — what sense it had to fight for a side who had judged them from the beginning?A side that had pushed them aside like scum who didn't deserve to be treated as an equal, as a person. A side that prejudiced them being just children of only twelve years old who did not know a fuck about the world and idolized their parents without knowing the things that happened behind closed doors. A side that had eyes everywhere and glared them when they passed through the corridors of what had been their only refuge for years, a place that had saved them from the things that happened in their homes. A side who had put them all in the same bag. A side that had painted them as villains. A side that had forced them to be the villains.What was the point of fighting for that side?If that side which the people said it was so good won, they would continue to treat them like what they were in the past, reviving their mistakes again and again without mercy and denying them access to change. They would continue to judge them. The mark in their arms was forever, they knew it, people would look at that mark and start talking.So, what was the whole point?They didn't have a side. But they hoped the side that had judged them won. Why?Because they could be free. Maybe far away from the wizardry world. Maybe giving a twist of full one-eighty to their lives. Do everything from the beginning. Reconstruct their lives.They could do that. It would be difficult, they know. But they could and would do that.Because if Voldemort and that side that had hosted them under their wing of 'protection' won, they would continue to suffer. A lot more. The world wouldn't be fair — if it even was fair.Both sides were shit.Period. End of the story.So they created a side. A side without prejudices. A side that would host all the people who were like them. A side that would do the world a better place. A side that could change minds about them.That side has to win. The correct one.It had taken a lot. For them to realise what side was the correct one.It hadn't been overnight. It had been more than difficult to betray the people who were united with them by unshakeable bonds of blood. It was terrifying for them to turn their backs on those who had ever been infected with all those ideas in their heads, whom they had been raised and traumatised. I had taken a lot so that they would just start questioning themselves even, and even longer for them to start looking for help in people different from them, with ideas that had blown their minds, made them cry entire nights, and question themselves their own existence even.They had changed on time. They wanted to believe that. They also knew that those people, with whom they were now against, had no salvation unless a miracle occurred. They knew it perfectly well.That night, that dark and terrifying night, blood and blood would be faced. But blood doesn't do the family. The ribbons and bows you create throughout your life with people who do you well and welcome you without judging you, it's family.They fight for their family. A very dysfunctional one. But for their family.They kept walking.Seeing the rest of the students also walking.They don't even know what time is it. But it's dark, very dark. Even darker than their pasts.The silent is still imminent.Leevanna glanced the rest of the students as Draco took the edge of the back of her blazer to pull her closer and kept her hidden. Her eyes divagated through the people.While in Slytherin all of the snakes seemed to have taken a bath before the assembly and put their best clothes, most of the lions in Gryffindors had bruises on their skins and horrible, unhealthy pale faces. Some Hufflepuffs were the same, the rest were like in Slytherin, clean, and Leevanna recognised some of the whom had the Dark Mark. The eagle side had their chins up, looking straight and reflecting all the things their house described. She didn't saw Luna among the Ravenclaws but she didn't care too much because Theodore had said moments ago he was shagging with her.Leevanna raised her gaze and met Draco's eyes, which seemed to tell her that everything would be fine if they continue together, the way they were doing it until the sign was given.And her eyes began to burn and sting when the tears of what seemed years of agony for not being able to touch him. Her glassy and sparkling eyes destroyed every part of the blond's being.He wants to touch her. He wants to kiss her in every way possible until the oxygen was an essential thing again. He wants to lay with her in their bed and see her eyes before saying he loves her. He wants to belt her with his arms a whisper that everything would be fine because he would protect her from anything and anyone who dared to touch his little girl a single tiny hair.But he can't... He couldn't do it because he knew that if he touches her, he would make her barriers fall and both would run away.They couldn't run away.Their eye-contact broke when the steps of Severus Snape began to echo every part of The Great Hall.The current headmaster placed himself on where the podium was supposed to be. The Carrow brothers stood behind him."Many of you are surely wondering, why I have summoned you at this hour," began Snape. "It's come to my attention, that earlier this evening... Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade."Whispers filled the place."Now... Should anyone... Student or staff attempt to aid Mr Potter... They will be punished in a manner consistent with the severity of their transcription, further more..." added Snape. "Any person found to know about these events... who fails to come forward... Will be treated as equally guilty."Silence.Leevanna and Draco, now looking straight and hidden among the people, thought he did a very good role as a double agent. If they didn't know anything about his plan, maybe they would dare to think he's really meaning it."Another..." said the headmaster as he walked through the middle of the two columns of students. "If anyone in here has any knowledge of Mr Potter's movements this evening... I invite them to step forward... Now..."Silence.Leevanna looked at Draco, Draco looked at her. The sign was almost being given. They knew.Pansy looked at Blaise as she tightened their hands, Blaise looked at her and both looked at Theodore, who was running his fingers through hir hair with anxiousness before he looked at them too.And the five of them looked at each other. They were more than afraid. Was it correct what they were doing? They didn't know.

Nobody dared to talk or say anything. It was everything so silent that you would think everyone was holding their breaths.Until Harry Potter decided to give a step forward. Surprising the fuck out of everyone. Illuminating the ones who had lost the hope."It seems, despite your exhaustive defensive strategies..." he said as the ghost of a grin decorated his lips. "You still have a security problem, Headmaster."The doors of the Great Hall opened wide, giving way to the people who were coming. The Order of the Phoenix.And all the troubles in the word and the own worries every person standing there had, were forgotten for a moment. They felt young and carefree, like in their childhoods. Almost feeling they are high in a way. Like if they were a droplet they would be the wettest, most perfectly round droplet ever. It feels like they are atop a stadium with large feathery wings and just on the verge of leaping off toward the bright grass. If there were a blizzard, they would be every snowflake. Like they were every particle of ink on the pages of a book. Like the feathery wisps of cotton on their favourite sweater. Like the sparkly metal sheen of a brand new car. They feel like mist.Everything seemed better, including the atmosphere, the ache in their hearts and the despair which had filled them for months. Everything seems extremely positive for a bit.They feel hopeful.And that is one of the best feeling ever in the world, but it does not last because there's always the flip side, hurt and loss, no matter what. Especially if you are in the middle of the beginning of the war which would determine the curse of their lives. Because the body can't keep up with the rush of emotions. It is not necessarily an act but a state of being.Leevanna's eyes shone when he saw Lhu and the twins among The Order. She also saw Lee, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Molly and Arthur, Tonks, Lupin, and a lot of people she knew and was grateful with. And she missed Sirius and his chats in the early morning.They looked so... Brave... Powerful.Power was one of Leevanna's favourite words. The first one of her list was Draco, the second one love and the third was liberty, which came along with happiness and freedom."I'm afraid it's quite extensive," mocked Harry before looking at him again and talk. "How dare you stand where he stood? Tell them how it happened that night... Tell them how you looked him in the eye... A man who trusted you, and you let get killed! Tell them! COWARD!"    I'm grateful he's here, but I hate him sometimes, huffed the mini her in Leevanna's mind when she heard the last word.       He doesn't know yet, but you can kill him after we win the war, said her own voice in am internal chuckle.Snape pulled his wand out of his robes and pointed to Harry, but before the boy could even respond, Minerva McGonagall stood in front of him, pointing her wand at Severus with all the willing of defending her dear student.Severus lowered his wand for a moment, but pointed it back, holding it hard. He didn't want to fight with whom had been the only person he considered a real friend and had been there with him when he needed to talk. He didn't want to. But he had to. He knew he had to do it. His was a solitary and dangerous mission.The Order also pointed his wands at his direction. Feeling betrayed by the one who had once been part of that select group willing to fight against evil, against Voldemort. Because they didn't know a shit, clearly, that he had to serve as the Headmaster of Hogwarts, convincingly portraying one of Voldemort's most loyal Death Eaters, while protecting the pupils from staff members such as the Carrows. They saw the bravest men Leevanna knew as a traitor and their sworn enemy.Minerva was the first to attack.Severus blocked her hexes and jinxes.She attacked and he blocked.Severus then directed Minerva's ray back, causing it to fall on Amycus and Alecto Carrow.Minerva cast her last hex.Severus blocked it and quickly turned his gaze to his goddaughter for a thousandth of a second. She turned her gaze back.And a pain in her chest hampers her vision, feeling her insides tremble as her brain tries to send out alarms and currents. And she knows, she knows that she has to react, but the pain in her heart was so great that she wanted to run and hug him one last time before it was all over. But she couldn't. And that made her soul break, like glass falling from a high shelf and spilling its contents on the cold floor, like an ice floe falling on the sidewalk and creating sharp crystals that dig into your skin if you are under it.And the man felt all his memories pass in front of him in a flash. Oh God, how much he was going to miss her. The hollow ache in his heart hammered his head in an incessant pain travelling his body. And he felt weak and with all the power to hold her hand and give her one of those hugs that he always gave her after she woke up from a nightmare when she was a child. But he couldn't.The shadow of the word 'Always' ghosted his lips towards her and she nodded imperceptibly, closing her eyes so as not to look anymore.Snape moved his wand and left the place breaking the window, surrounded by a black cloud.Leevanna's heart started beating even faster. She could hear the echo of her own heartbeat hammering her skull and resonating throughout her body.That would be the last time she would be able to see him and she knew it.That had been the war sign.The students' shouts of happiness resounded all over the place while Minerva was illuminating the place again.And Leevanna hated them all at the time. She hated the joy and smiles that painted their faces when they saw Severus leave the place — when they saw him leave her there, alone. She hated them with every drop of her being that she had to close her eyes tightly to keep from crying right there as a soul in sorrow.The constant pain in her heart made her think for a second that it was going to stop beating. A painful, low gasp left her lips and was muffled by the cheers of the happiness she did not share."Harry..." whispered a cold, dark voice making the boy sit on the stairs slowly.Leevanna opened her eyes in the same way, feeling her surroundings slow down with every blink she gave."Potter?" Minerva muttered crouching down by her dear pupil to see what was wrong.All was going extremely slow, so much that even the breathings seemed to last minutes. In all that slowness, Leevanna searched for Draco's hand and flexed her fingers against his tightly, feeling the ache in her heart pinching her body and, when she thought she might collapse there and fall onto the floor crying in pain, he surrounded her body with his arm to protect her, as he always did and would always do. He holds her tight, pressing her against his body as the tears leave her eyes slowly and wet the blond's black suit.An alarming cry was heard from a corner and made Leevanna open her eyes again to turn her head and see what was happening.Then another frightening, sharp and alarming cry resonated.Leevanna wanted to shout too."I know that many of you will want to fight..."Lord Voldemort. It was his voice. Everyone knew it. His voice was recognisably everywhere."...Some of you might even think to fight is wise... But this is folly..." he continued. "...Give me Harry Potter... Do this and none shall be harmed... Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave Hogwarts untouched... Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded... You have one hour..."They all turned their heads in the boy's direction."We should...?" Whispered Pansy Parkinson in Leevanna's direction. The green-eyed girl denied and, still glued to her only love, she searched for the raven-haired's hand and held her tightly making Pansy breathe easy again.The truth was, Pansy didn't know what to do. She didn't even know if being there was the best option. She would have delivered Potter, no question — or well — she would have said for someone to deliver him to Voldemort. Because that's what the old Pansy would have done, take refuge in her old ideas and be a coward. But when she felt the hand of the one she had been friends with for years holding hers firmly, giving her security, she knew it had been best to keep quiet. She knew that she had chosen the right side."Students out of bed! Students in the corridor!"And the attention was no longer in Harry, if not in Filch, who was running among the middle of the place."They're supposed to be out of bed, you blithering idiot!" Said Minerva between teeth."Sorry, ma'am.""As it happens, Mr Filch... Your arrival is most opportune..." said Minerva turning her head to see all the students. "I would like you to lead the students out of here.""Yes ma'am."And the students began to disperse, looking for those who had not seen long ago or holding the hand of those who had been there next to them. Meeting between houses and putting prejudices aside for all the fucking moment in the entire world. Swearing and making promises. With tears in their eyes and warmth in their hearts.But there was this person, a girl with brown hair and perfect curls decorating her face, a girl who had fallen madly in love with two redheaded twins who turned her world upside down and made her laugh even on the bluest days. That girl, she was looking for the one who had been the first friend she had at Hogwarts, with whom she had shared a dorm for years, with whom she had gone through and learned a lot of things. Her best friend forever. Her sister always.Lhu Oneyl ran towards her friends without caring much or less than nothing that everyone was going to the opposite side. Trying to save their lives or in an attempt to run away."Leevanna!" She yelled, making aside from the people and feeling her heart beating even faster."Lhu!" Yelled the green-eyed before the brunette threw her arms at her neck in a hug before both held each other tightly."I missed you so much!" Said the girl pressing their foreheads and holding her best friend's cheeks to start leaving kisses all over her face as the green-eyes chuckled."Are you okay? Freddie? Georgie?" Leevanna asked."Do you think you could get rid of us so quickly?" Fred appeared next to his girlfriend. A smile decorated his face and his hands were in his pockets."I thought you guys... Hated me..." she said feeling the tears accumulating in her eyes."You heard that, Fred?" Snickered George. "Hate her, she says.""You are our little sister, you dumbass," laughed Fred. "We can't hate you," and she laughed too before both redheads hugged her tightly."And here is our favourite sex machine!" Laughed George hitting fists with Draco, who had a sided smile as he stood behind his wife. "Missed you, mate.""Missed you two, too," the blond giggled before raising his head."Still being an imbecile?" Fred asked raising an eyebrow."Still being a redhead?" and both hit fists again before Draco looked behind his shoulder. "Jordan""Malfoy," the boy said standing in front of him before also hitting fists. "Missed me, Inoffensive one?" Leevanna rolled her eyes playfully and nodded before hugging him too."Oh, God, they had become softies," said Theo pointing his open mouth with his index finger in a fake grimace of disgust."You know you missed me, mate," said Fred chuckling before both did a masculine hug."Of course I missed you, who the fuck was going to give us the sand if it's not you?"Pansy was sobbing over Lhu's shoulder as they hugged tightly. Blaise was also greeting the twins and Lee."Sweetheart..." the voice of Molly Weasley made Leevanna up her gaze when she heard it."Molly..." Leevanna whispered colliding with her husband's back trying to hide. As she always did when she needed protection.No... Molly — She was the closest she had to a maternal figure, apart from Narcissa, clearly, and if she had knowledge about all the things she had done — she had been forced to do..."Come here, sweetheart..." the woman said smiling sadly but sweetly at her.Leevanna looked up encountering Draco's eyes, he took her waist, gently pushing her to the woman for her to hug her. He knew his dear love needed the hug from a maternal figure due that Narcissa wasn't with them."I'm so sorry, Molly..." the tears began to fall. "Look all the things I've done... I'm bad...""Oh, sweetie... Don't say that," said the woman hugging her tightly. "You are good, do you hear me?" She took her cheeks and the girl nodded still shedding tears. "You have the most beautiful heart in this world and everyone knows it...""People died, Molly..." she cried. "Aly died... And 'Mione—""None of that was your fault," Molly hurried. "You are a good person, Leevy, because you are capable of love... Or you don't love Draco? Or me? Or Lhu and the twins?" Leevanna nodded placing her hands over the woman's. "... See? You are good, Leevy... You've always been good..."Leevanna hugged her once more. Closing her eyes tightly and filling her nostrils with her sugary smell."Now, prepare yourself," Molly said. "We need to fight.""We need to fight." ༄ It had been fast.A kiss.Only a kiss that seemed to last for years but had actually lasted only less than three seconds.They had lost sight of each other among the hustle and bustle of people trying to run in all possible directions. No one knew how it was that they had come to separate. They had been walking in a large group, in a second he had been holding her hand and to the other, his hand was no longer providing her with the protection and security she needed.She didn't know where Draco was, Blaise or Theodore.She didn't know where the twins or Lhu were.Leevanna's chest was hurting again.She was alone.Well — Not exactly alone. But if she didn't have the person she lived for next to her side, she felt completely alone. Mentally alone."Leevy," Pansy called her taking her hand and taking her out of her trance. "Come, we can go for this part."Leevanna nodded quickly and both began to walk fast next to Luna.Luna had been found a few moments ago, running desperately and trying to look for someone. She was looking for Theo and Theodore was looking for her. None of them saw each other since the afternoon of that day and both were desperately trying to meet. What had begun as a small adventure in their sixth year a Hogwarts had flourished and the fruits had been picking up since before Christmas. War love, they call it."Leevy, focus," Luna told her taking her hand while they were walking. The green-eyed kept looking everywhere for her lover.Where was he? She needed to find him. She couldn't lose him among the multitude. She couldn't be left alone."I — I can't—" the air stuttered inside her and the knot in her throat reborn again.The sounds of the magic shield that protected the castle echoed within the tiny and fragile shell her body was. They were being attacked from that moment. From the windows, you could see flashy and bright spots trying to penetrate the magic barrier which surrounded the enormous infrastructure."Leev," Luna said, taking her shoulders and looking her in the eyes. "They're okay, Theo, Blaise and him are fine, you trust me?"Pansy, listening to her lover's name, felt her heart beat faster, an aching pinching that travelled all her nerves and bloodstreams. At one point he had been telling her not to let go of his hand to stay together and the next second he had disappeared from her side.The raven-haired held the green-eyed's hand tightly. Looking at her with a soft smile. If Leevanna had helped her moments before, she would give her the trust she needed right now. That's what friends are for, aren't they? To clear the grey pieces of cotton opaquing your blue sky."They — They are fine," Leevanna muttered and nodded quickly, flexing her fingers against Pansy's and Luna's so as not to lose them too. "We need to keep going."They didn't know exactly where they were going, they were only pacing back and forth and starting to climb and down stairs. The students continued to run from one side to the other, also desperate and fighting with the Snatchers left in the castle. All was chaos, complete chaos.Two snakes and an eagle trying not to fall in despair, in the more selective thoughts that are stuck on solely negative and demoralising factors.If we need to put an example of how despair and hope are, we would say the first one is like sugar and the other like running.Sugar is literally everywhere, even in the places you wouldn't imagine, it can be shaped into anything and causes this sensation of comfort when we feel the emptiness in our insides taking our beings, tearing us apart and leaving our flesh exposed. But sugar is a downward spiral. The more you eat, the more you need. And the aching bottom inside our beings becomes bottomless, a deep hole that swallows us. Sugar is like drugs, reducing its intake is as difficult as hard for drugs.Now, running, like any other exercise, means sweat and muscle pain before the continuous feeling of euphoria kicks in. Our brain releases endorphins as painkillers and the endorphin works like an opioid, runners get high and addicted to running. The problem comes when the muscles grow with the regular practice and we need to upgrade the routine in order to feel the euphoria travelling all our body like currents.Both are dangerous, without any doubt.But hope is in time. It is about the future. And now the phrase that must prevail is 'Live without Hope' because when you invest in hope, you are not truly in the moment and this moment is all they truly have.While the girls kept running and looking for the people they had been with moments before, a group of three boys tried to calm one of their members. It was just the three of them; their troubled, inseparable, little Slytherin trio.Draco growled and hit the wall with the side of his fist with frustration.He had lost her. How the fuck he had lost her?! How the fuck he had taken his eyes off her?!The intense combination was racing with his blood, streaming through his veins, nerves and bones, and he almost felt drunk with it; light-headed and nervous."Mate, I love your coping mechanism, yeah?" Said Theo in a breathless pant, with his hands supported on his knees and raising his gaze to look at his friend. "But this isn't the time to punch walls, blondie!""Fuck off," muttered the blond between teeth and supporting his hand's palms on the wall."Malfoy, they are fine," said Blaise letting out a sigh from his lips. He was trying to convince himself too.His lover, the one who had been there with him for three long years when he most needed it, was no longer holding his hand. He understood Draco, how he was feeling. But yeah, Theodore was right, this wasn't the time to be punching fucking walls. No matter how much he wanted to punch all of them too. They needed to keep focussing."How the fuck we got separated?" Asked Draco looking at the wall and trying to think and remember in what moment he had let go the hand of his precious wife. "Repeat all again.""We were at the feet of the Grand Staircase," responded Blaise reproducing their last memory all the eight together. "People was running, I was holding Pansy, Theo was talking with Lhu and you had Leevanna and...""And?" Asked Draco still looking the wall.Blaise didn't continue.Draco turned his head."And?" He asked again seeing his friends close his eyes trying to remember."That's all," Blaise huffed before supporting his forehead on the wall. "After that, all is a black and blurry spot.""Fuck..." whispered Draco frustrated, running his right fingers through his hair with a hand on his hip. "Fuck..." this time was a bit louder, and he punched the wall again. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Between each word, a punch made an appearance, his knuckles were as white as death and his skin was burning due to the little scratches the stone had caused."Blondie, blondie," said Theo taking his shoulders and making him look his eyes. "I'm not gonna tell you to breathe and hug a Hufflepuff, but stop punching the fucking walls.""And what hell do you want me to do?!" Yelled Draco angry, shoving his friend off. "I LOST HER! I lost my wife and I don't fucking remember HOW! Tell me once more that I need to stop punching the fucking walls and the next thing I'm going to punch is your face!""I LOST LOVEGOOD TOO!" Theo yelled. "I haven't fucking seen her since the fucking afternoon! HOW DO YOU THINK I FEEL?" Both breathed heavily. "So calm the fuck down your bitchy hormones and fucking stop punching the fucking walls!"An explosion made them turn their heads to the space between columns in front of them.The bright lights making spaces of the magic shield to start burning and falling. As if the ice started melting. Like paper burning on the fire. Like tears leaving eyes and wetting cheeks.And, when Draco's gaze lowered and fixed on his left hand, made him remember his mother didn't have a wand and if she fought, she couldn't defend herself."I need to get my wand back," said the blond towards his friends."What? Are you fucking mental?" Said Theodore."No, no, he's right," said Blaise. "His mother is unprotected and her wand isn't gonna work well in him," he sighed. "Who has your wand?""Saint fucking Orphan," huffed Draco. "Long story, but he has Leevy's wand too.""Fine, long story, another day we would have tea and chat," said Theodore looking everywhere. "I also have something important to do apart from looking for Lovegood.""Okay, okay," said Blaise. "I'm going to go with Draco and look for the Orphan and find his and Vaughan's wand.""No, I'm gonna do that alone—""Shut it, blondie," Blaise cut him off again and the blonde took off his middle finger. "As Draco and I are looking for the Orphan, you are gonna...""I'm gonna go for Millicent and Adrian, they are on our side, they told me," Theo sighed. "Maybe we could find a member of the Gryffin-losers to tell them there are Slytherins in their side.""That's all the shit you're gonna do?" Asked Draco frowning."You look for the Orphan, bottle blondie," said Theo, "I have more to do after.""Okay," reasoned Blaise. "We're gonna look for the Orphan and you start looking for our house-mates."They stood there in silence for a moment, breathing an trying not to fall in anxiety. But another explosion in the vicinity cut through the quiet, and everything started to move again."Okay, okay, no panic," said Theo closing his eyes to take a deep breathe as his hands trembled imperceptibly by the sides of his body. "We should start looking.""Right," said Draco also taking a deep breathe and placing in his mind a memory of Leevanna calming him when he had anxiety. That calmed him down a bit. "If you find the girls in your way, tell them to stay safe. Tell Leevy I will find her.""Should I give her a kiss and fuck her t—""Now is not the fucking time for your fucking sodding jokes, Theo!""Bloody hell, marriage does make you a grumpy," Theo rolled his eyes and nodded. "I'll tell them."A crash of shattering glass a but far away from their position made them shield their bodies and faces with their hands and arms as the shards collided with the floor. The sounds of the battle seemed to be edging closer and closer to them, and Draco's heart was pounding again, beating loudly in his ears. He needed to find his wife and not lose her again from his sight."Fine, fuck this," Draco breathed. "We need to start moving now because we are easy bait just standing here like blubbering, babbling idiots.""Right, right," said Blaise. "You be fucking careful," threatened him at Theo's direction, pointing him with his finger. "Do you understand me?""Bloody hell, Mum, calm doWn.""For fuck's sake," snarled Blaise in a shout. "I mean it! Please... Be fucking careful, fine?"Theo's face softened and the wryness left his expression. "Okay, Mum, I'll be careful," he smiled teasingly. Blaise rolled his eyes exhausted. "You too also be careful of yourselves, yeah?""Yeah, yeah," sighed Draco. "I'll see you in a while, keep your head down, Theo."And, with a final nod, Theodore turned on his heel and sprinted down the corridor to rush the process.And then the inseparable trio was down to two.Blaise and Draco looked at each other's eyes and nodded before the two started walking in a hasty pace in the same direction. ༄ Lhu was accommodating the flowers she had planted in a pot. She breathed and a closed-mouth smile stayed on her lips when she reminded Leevanna teaching her how to do it the right way.

"They're Blue Cornflowers," she said sighing. "They mean hope and strength," a smile decorated her face and she turned her head to look at her. "They're like you."

The curly-haired came out of her thoughts when a couple of large hands covered her eyes.

"Guess who I am," he said in her ear. She crossed her arms over her chest and smiled.

"Fred," she replied chuckling. He huffed.

"You weren't even trying," he pouted. "I have something to ask you."

"If George mentioned the—"

"God's sake, don't remember me that again," he shuddered and she laughed. "But, it isn't just me who wants to ask you something."

"Hello, my love," George appeared smiling and with his hands behind his back. Lhu frowned still smiling.

"What's behind your back?"

"George, if you will," chuckled Fred and his twin extended his hands. He was holding two red velvet boxes.

"You have to pick one and you win something," chuckled George making her roll her eyes playfully.

"Fine," she sighed and closed her eyes to pick a box. She took the one his right hand was holding.

She opened her eyes at the same her hands opened the box. Her eyes filled with tears and her hand covered her mouth before she raised her gaze.

"Told you she was going cry," laughed George and she hit his chest playfully.

"Now, we have a question," said Fred taking a step forward her. "Lhu Aleixandra Oneyl... Would you—"

Before he could even finish, she jumped and threw her arms around Fred's neck and circled his waist with her legs.

"Should we take that as a yes?" Asked George as his twin made aside the girl's curls with his hand to breathe as the other held her beneath.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," she laughed between tears, taking Fred's cheeks and leaving a kiss on his lips before pulling George by his neck to kiss him too.  Lhu appeared at that moment, placing herself in the middle of both twins as a sigh left her lips.They had found each other not less than twenty minutes ago after Lhu told Tonks were her husband was, the twins found her at that moment before Tonks ran with her lover."You okay, Freddie?" George asked."Yeah.""Me too.""You, Lhu?" asked Fred holding her hand."Yeah ..." she sighed with a half-smile before leaning her head on his shoulder and holding George's hand tightly. "I love you, guys.""We love you more," both redheaded twins said as they held her tight.Love is certainly a bliss for what it lasts."I've been thinking—""I'm not going to wear a cowgirl hat, Georgie."Fred burst into laughter.

mistress of grief, lady of tears. Air.Air.Air.She needed air.Pansy was shaking.The fear was possessing her body. It shrouds her. Unlike a shadow that follows, infesting her and tearing her within without mercy.The feeling of fear is like going down quickly in an elevator or amusement ride — like your stomach is dropping. Your heart may pound and your mind may race, you may feel short of breath. You may feel butterflies in your stomach and have trouble concentrating.The movement from certainty to uncertainty.Fear tastes like metal or blood, in the mouth.Before adrenaline kicks in and makes the heart pound so hard within the chest and force some imminent reaction.Fear cuts deeper than swords.There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve; the fear of failure. And that had been in Pansy's body for a lot of time.Her deepest fear is not that she is inadequate. Her deepest fear is that she could be powerful beyond measure for the people she cares about. It is her light, not her darkness that most frightens her. She asks herself, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?'Actually, who is she not to be? She is a child of Salazar, a very good one. Her playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around her. We are all meant to shine, as children do. She knows.But there was something she liked about fear.Fear could make you contemplate and realized that as human, you're nothing but a living piece of meat, dying to survive in this cruel world. And at the end, fear would make you realize that your time is limited and that's why you should push yourself to face — and embrace? — your fears. If not now, then when?Pansy is embracing her fears.And she is very proud of it.But that doesn't mean she isn't frightened shitless.And how the fuck not to be?! She is about to fight against the people who made her be here, who saw her be born. Against the people she once considered as a twisted family. Against all once she thought was right. She is about to kill some of them.Her parents. Holy fucking Salazar's sake.She keeps holding Leevanna's hand.Thinking of where the fuck is Blaise. Thinking where the fuck is everyone else she trusts. Thinking how the fuck Leevanna and Lovegood aren't trembling too.Her arm is killing her. The pain the Dark Mark causes is consuming her from the inside and swallowing all her systems. It is dancing with keenness and enthralment. Teasing her and whispering over her skin for her nails to scratch it.The image of the girl being tortured in front of her appears in her mind and makes her eyes close shut for a second. She needs to keep them open. She cannot even blink. She feels that if she does it she could lose Leevanna and Lovegood too.And she doesn't want to be alone. Not anymore. Not at this point in her life.She can see everything burning. The fire falling from the sky when a slight temblor shook everything. She supposed it was Voldemort attacking the magic shield that had been protecting the castle. She was right. She knows."I think..." she hears Lovegood's voice. "There are people here, wait."And she runs towards a small circle of people who seems to be discussing."You okay?" murmured Leevanna making her turn her head to see her."Yeah, yeah," she nods. "You?""At least I'm not pregnant," she says and turns her head to see her. Then she laughs. And Pansy does it too."Fucking hell, we shouldn't be laughing," but they laugh harder. They are just laughing and laughing. Gasping for air and their cheeks glowing redder."They are—""They are Death Eaters!"Both stopped laughing when the voice of Dean Thomas leaked through their ears."They are not on our side, Luna!" Seamus Finnigan added. "I know you are all fucking friendly and all that shit, but stop with that... Now.""Hey, don't speak to her like that," says Pansy approaching the girl."And who the fuck are you to speak to me?" Finnigan is about to shove her off when Luna stands in front of her."You are not fucking hurting my friends, Seamus!" says the blonde eagle surprising everybody because — well — Luna Lovegood doesn't yell or curse.And Pansy keeps quiet.It took a great deal of control for her to keep her mouth shut and remind Lovegood that they were not exactly friends. Because in that situation, if Lovegood had said the sky was green, she would've agreed with her.She folded her arms across her chest, chewing the inside of his mouth and conceding that disputing her statement would hardly help."Look, Luna, you are too trusting," said Katie Bell. "I don't know what they've told you, but they are lying—""They haven't told me anything—""Come on, Luna. Get away from them—""NO!"For the second time in a few minutes, Luna Lovegood surprised everyone one again. Pansy had even to blink repeatedly because the yell had frightened her."They haven't told me fucking anything," she says. Her voice is calm again but has the lit of anger her face reflects. "They are in our—""Okay, I'm tired," Finnigan cut her off again. "Luna... She," his filthy finger pointed Leevanna, "and her fucking boyfriend or whatever killed Dumbledore and let Death Eaters like them take all over Hogwarts—""They were—""NO! Luna, listen—""I'm tired," Leevanna's voice makes everyone keep quiet. "This is fucking bullshit.""Oh, what a surprise!" laughs Finnigan sarcastically. "You started it bringing Death Eaters here!""We are not on their side! We are not like them anymore!" the green-eyed yells."You two can fool Luna and every person you want," the Gryffindor spit between teeth. "But you're not fooling—""OH, COME FUCKING ON!" Leevanna exploded. "I AM FUCKING TIRED OF YOU BEING A FUCKING PUSSY AND JUDGING US!""How did you just call me?!" And he marched threateningly towards her."A fucking—" and before she could continue, Finnigan shoved her off."Seamus," said Bell surprised and scared."Oh, so you now hit women," Leevanna laughed before taking his wrist and start twisting it. Pain the boy didn't seem to be reflecting from the outside. "And we are the fucking bad ones here?""Yeah, you are the bad ones—""No," said Leevanna firmly. Her hand let go of Finnigan's wrist. "I am not gonna let you say that again.""Ow, touch a nerve?" he mocked and she narrowed her eyes. "You and your boyfriend started all this, we are like this, in a fucking war, for all the things you and he—""THINGS THEY FORCED US TO DO!" Leevanna yelled again. "YOU THING WE WANTED THIS?!""Ye—""NO!" she yelled again. Both were face to face. Having almost the same heights helped. Though he was still a bit taller, the green-eyed seemed most powerful. "YOU KNOW WHY I RECEIVED THIS?!" she rolled up her left sleeve roughly, letting everyone see her Dark Mark.It was red, scratched and with ghosts of cuts. It had also little traces of blood. Pansy's was the same. They were being called and they weren't answering.Katie Bell covered her mouth with her hand surprised. She would have never imagined being able to see a Dark Mark directly. It had a pretty design, yes, it had this thing that made it alluring, but it looked extremely painful and horrible.Dean Thomas, for his part, blinked a few times surprised for what was he seeing. He had been told several weeks ago that the body can reject the mark if the person doesn't really want it. He had been told how a Dark Mark would look if that happened. Leevanna's looked like that.Now, Seamus Finnigan? He didn't fucking care."BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAD KILLED DRACO!" she confessed. Everyone was still quiet. "VOLDEMORT PROMISED ME HE WOULD BRING HIM BACK TO LIFE IF I RECEIVED THIS! AND I FUCKING BELIEVED HIM!" and the green-eyed controlled her tears all she could. "I SPENT A FUCKING MONTH THINKING I HAD KILLED HIM AND MORE PEOPLE I KNOW, INCLUDING LUNA! It wasn't true clearly," she huffed. "You want to know why he received his? Because they made him believe me and his mum were being fucking Crucio'd and rapped in front of him," she was completely red from anger. "Voldemort said to him he would make me be by his side again and fucking voilà."Silent.Nobody would have imagined that.And Pansy's heart ached.Because she had an initiation quite similar to Leevanna's and Draco's. She had been forced to see how masked men killed Daphne Greengrass in the most torturing way possible. It had been days before she received the letter saying she was in France, so it was easier for her to believe she was being killed.Pansy had woken up in a room and been held by two masked men. In front of her had been Daphne, tied to a wall as an X, crying and saying to her everything was gonna be alright and shit like that. She had even joked between tears. Pansy hadn't been able to do so. Two minutes after that, another two men appeared on the scene and started hitting Daphne with leather whips. Over and over again all over her body until they left her barely conscious and with a lot of bleeding sores. "STOP IT!" cried Pansy yelling. "SHE IS ON OUR SIDE, YOU—" Daphne's scream cut her off.Pansy was screaming too, crying and tearing apart her vocal cords. Seeing how the whips penetrated the blonde's skin and made blood splash the stone floor. The leather making echo and the weight of tears making eyes rain. It had been like that for days that seemed eternities. "STO—OH—OP!" cried Pansy. "DAPHNE!" the tears caressing her pale cheeks like brushes painting a canvas. "LET GO OF ME! DAPHNE!" Pansy had been enslaved with chains. They had been not so thick, they were normal. She had been forced to see Daphne agonise every day with a new torture. From whips, electric bolts, kicks, parts of her body being burned, to the mutilation of some of her fingers.Generally, after being tortured, Daphne lasted half-hour or one conscious and Pansy was able to apologise and talk to her. "W-When you—" Daphne coughed blood. Pansy keep crying and sobbing, "—you g-get out o-of here..." her voice was weak.

"When WE! I'm gonna take you out!" Pansy said angrily. "You heard me?! You're not gonna die here, Daphne!"

"W-when we—" Daphne chuckled before coughing blood. "Y-you're s-so stubborn." Pansy had cried and screamed so much that she hadn't been able to talk for weeks because her vocal cords were completely destroyed.Pansy had prayed and prayed, a lot, to anyone she knew about: God, Salazar, Merlin, Jesus, Rowena, Helga, fucking Godric, Maria, The Archangel Gabriel and even The fucking Holy Spirit. Nobody had helped her. No one had listened to her.But one did. Voldemort.The last day of Daphne's torture, when the men left, the blonde girl had said 'I love you' before quitting life completely. That was when Pansy screamed and cried the most. She had cursed everything and everyone.Two days after, still being enslaved and in front of Daphne's dead body, Voldemort had appeared and said to her he could bring back Daphne to life if she joined him. Not being able to talk, Pansy had just nodded the quickest she could.Almost one week after, she had woken up and Daphne was in her room and stayed with her one week. Six months later, once she was at Hogwarts and already fulfilling tasks Voldemort had sent to her, she'd had the brilliant idea to ask Daphne where she had been the months of vacation, Daphne had said the obvious: France.That had been when Pansy realised that she had been cruelly lied. Since that moment she started questioning herself and the choices she had made all her life. Another six months later she was finally on the correct side. And she had kept her secret until that random reunion in the Slytherin common room before Christmas.Pansy knew her friends and lover wouldn't leave her alone never."That doesn't mean any—""THAT DOES NOT MEAN ANYTHING?!" Leevanna laughed and wiped her tiny hate-filled tears roughly. "I was fucking right, you are a fucking pussy! A FUCKING SELFISH AND JUDGMENTAL CUNT!And Seamus was about to shove her off for the things she just said but his hands stopped middle-way.They hadn't realised more people were listening to them."Go on," Leevanna said. "Hit me, Finnigan," and she looked bigger than him that moment. "Hit a woman who lost her baby while you were fucking celebrating the joy of love," Seamus lowered his hands slowly. "Hit a woman who suffered from abuse and was almost raped when she was a child," the tears sliding down her cheeks. "Hit a woman who saw a kid being Crucio'd and killed," everyone was quiet. "Hit a woman who had the balls to stand in this place and be on the good side after being judged all her life! Hit a fucking woman who is willing to fucking kill for all the people she loves! GO ON, SEAMUS, FUCKING HIT ME!"Silent.She looks like a furious dragon.And Luna and Pansy couldn't be more proud.Pansy knows she chose the correct side."You're right," Leevanna continued, looking him up and down. "I am not on your fucking side," she spits out. "Because if being on your side means to be like you, I do not want it... I fight for liberty, not for people like you," she definitely looked like a dragon. "I fight because I want to be free, for all the people who've suffered too long beneath the wheel, I fight to break that wheel, to free the people from a grip of a tyrant, because I am a liberator, not because I am on your fucking side. I'm not your hero, but I am not the villain either.""My majesty, let me bow in front of you."And the sneering voice of Theodore Nott made everyone look towards him."Theo!" said Luna throwing her arms around his neck as he hugged her back tightly. "I missed you," she smiled now looking at him."I know you can't leave without me, love," he chuckled, "but the other people don't have to know," he muttered playfully and she nodded chuckling. "Now, can I bow to my Ice Queen or not?""Took you time, mate," Leevanna chuckled before sighing. "Hi, Milly, Adrian," she smiled and they waved. Then she looked at Theo again. "Where's—""He told me to say to you he was going to find you, we split in the path and he went with my sunshine Blaise," he sighed. "I told him I could kiss you too but—""Don't even think about it," Luna pointed him."But I have a beautiful girlfriend," he completed before chuckling."Well, well, all love and Hufflepuff shit, shall we keep going?" Said Pansy holding Leevanna's hand again."Yeah, we—""Leevanna," the Slytherins turned their heads towards Ginny. "I am on your side," she smiled."Ginny, I—""I'm on it too," said Katie."Me too," said Dean.Hanna Abbott, Neville Longbottom, Lavender Brown, Cho Chang, Padma and Pavarti Patil, Millicent Bulstrode, Adrian Pucey and twenty more people she didn't remember the names said they were on her side.Leevanna didn't even have a side."Well, well, look at that," chuckled Theo. "You have inspired a whole new revolution.""I—" Leevanna's cheek glow red feeling everyone's eyes. "But— I don't—""Are you fucking serious?" asked Finnigan towards his friends. "You're on the side of a Death Eater?""Seamus," huffed Hanna tired. "Shut the fuck up fucking once in your fucking life, yeah?""Wait — The fluffy Hufflepuffs curse?" whispered Theo towards Luna and she rolled her eyes playfully and nodded."Guys I don't—" Leevanna sighed. "I do not even have a side I — I just—""Doesn't matter, Leev," smiled Ginny. "We are with you and we believe all of you.""Oh, well — In that case—" her cheeks glow red again. "I suppose we must win then because I hate losing.""We're gonna win," chuckled Pansy. "Now, come on that we shouldn't be standing here like idiots.""Yeah, yeah, right," Leevanna said. "So, see y'all later and be careful."All nodded before dispersing."Go on, we should go to The Great Hall, all the shit is there," said Theo."Why we would go there?" frowned Luna."Because fighting against Death Eaters is fucking exciting!"Luna hit his forehead. ༄ Adrenaline.When the adrenaline kicks in, it makes the body feel light and fast and everybody else looks slow. It causes the pupils to dilate — to help us see better and assess our immediate environment, for solutions — to run or fight. That is the purpose of adrenaline, to assist in our survival.People who aren't used to adrenaline — or channelling it — get visibly shaking hands, their emotional reaction can stop them remembering the event fluidly 'an emotional blur' can hit them.People who are used to feeling afraid, get resilient to showing the signs — when one feels real physical fear, for example, their heart slows right down and their mind speeds up and everybody else goes slow — it feels like calmness in a storm and you can see and think with absolute clarity.Draco has felt fear almost all his life.He didn't show it, clearly, because he had built a façade and walls around him that made his behaviour be completely shit. It had caused him to be a bully, push people away or be mean to them if he was going through something.He hated fear.But he loved adrenaline.The intense combination was racing with his blood, streaming through his veins, and he feels drunk with it — beyond bold, light-headed and vigorous. Willing to do anything he proposes to himself.When Draco and Blaise arrived on the seventh floor, the blond thought his senses became heightened and more sensitive to his environment. Like a wolf sharpening its audition when it hears leaves crunching down the legs of a new prey. He feels like he could spit fire or something.Good, now he was comparing himself with a sort of a bloody dragon. Just like Leev—Fucking hell.He couldn't stop thinking of her for a single second. Theodore would have already found her? Was she alright? Was she already fighting? Was she alone or with more people?Salazar's sake, the castle had started being really attacked just seconds ago. The walls exploded making a rain of dust and dirt fall on everything and there was also fire.The sounds of people duelling and the ones of the things exploding seemed to grow louder with every step he takes. It was as if the acoustics of Hogwarts were making fun of him.The thick air made him feel a chain choking him and his nostrils flared to accommodate the invasive scents of smoke, fire and even blood. His mouth was dry, his throat scratchy and he could feel the tiny sheet of sweat forming on his forehead. The mark on his arm making him want to chop off his limb to fucking stop it. He felt on fire, literally. All burned and he knew that blood was starting to sprout around it.His head turned left to right contemplating which way to take. He was allowing the old habits and his memory to guide him through the hallways. Leevy and he had spent the majority of their sixth year up on this floor, consumed with their tasks and lies they had been told. Ready to fix the bloody Vanishing Cabinet for The Death Eaters' infestation to Hogwarts' castle. All the things they had been forced to do. All they had been through that year...God... Sixth year was something he wanted to erase from Leevy's mind and his own. Though it had some good parts, the majority of it was pure trauma.His eyes fixing on some ashes floating everywhere, fluttering like bloody moths allured by the light."Mate," Blaise's voice fortunately cut his short trance, "slow down."He stopped in the corridor to regain his composure and blinked. Blaise was right, he seemed an ostrich running for its life.He chuckled. Leevanna's funny ways to insult him had stuck to him according to the years."I swear you're a psychopath or something," Blaise sighed. "Laughing out fucking nowhere.""If you lived with Leevy, you wouldn't call me a psychopath.""Why would I want to live with her?" asked Blaise frowning before shuddering. "You two are bloody crazy, I swear.""We've been told," the blond sighed before turning his head to the left when he heard explosions closer.Harry Potter came running through it."Found Saint Orphan."Both were now hidden behind a wall seeing The Golden Boy stand in front of a wall before a big door Draco was very familiar with appeared."When you say it like that it seems like we're gonna adopt him or something," Blaise chuckled."Come on," chuckled Draco.Once he was in front of the enormous wall, he closed his eyes and did the same he would have done two years ago. When the familiar door appeared again in front of their eyes, they hurried to enter and started looking for Potter."Well, well... What brings you here, Potter?" Said Draco pointing his wand once they had found him. He was staring a diadem or something."I could ask you the same," said Harry neutrally."You have something that's mine," he responded. "I'd like it back.""What's wrong with the wand you have?" Asked Harry pointing the wand the blond had."It's my mother's..." Draco continues. "It's powerful, but it's... Not the same... Doesn't quite — understand me... You know what I mean?" his lips curve up in a challenging closed-mouth smile. "And you have another thing... Leevy's wand.""Why didn't you and Leevanna tell her?" the Golden Boy asks changing the subject. "Bellatrix? Leevanna and you knew it was me. You two didn't say anything.""I swear Gryffindors are bloody brainless sometimes," huffed Blaise lowering his wand. "Mate, I don't know what the hell happened but the answer is obvious.""What's this? Kindergarten?" frowned Draco confused towards Blaise, his hand lowered the wand he had. "You resolve riddles for Saint Orphans now? Let the Scar-head think, for fuck's sake.""Easy, that Mr Parentless is here," Blaise sighed. Yeah, the had a pretty big dictionary for insults. "Now, we have come here with the white flag to—""Expelliarmus!" Hermione shouted pointing the Slytherins."The fuck, Granger?!" Shouted Draco covering himself using Blaise as a human shield."Mate, seriously?" said Blaise. "I swear, Leevanna is right, you're such a big baby—""No time to discuss how my wife calls—"Draco took the back of Blaise's robes and pushed him to get out when Ron Weasley appeared out of nowhere."Stupefy!" The redheaded had yelled."Can we be listened for fucking once?!" Exclaimed Blaise running. "Salazar's fucking tit, with you Gryffindors! What's this?! Seventh grade?!""Avada Kedavra!" Shouted Crabbe.Blaise and Draco looked at each other confused. From where the fuck he had appeared from?"That's Crabbe or Goyle?" asked Blaise."I don't know," Draco shrugged. "I never differentiated them, I was just doing what my father did.""And who the fuck invited him to the party?""Not the fucking slightest idea.""Stupefy!" Yelled Granger to defend herself."This is my girlfriend, you bloody git!" Roared Ron Weasley.Draco couldn't help thinking about Leevanna while he was running. He avoided laughing when he realised that when she found out about what was he doing she was going to want to kill him."Malfoy! Zabini!" called Crabbe. "You two have salvation! The Dark Lord will forgive—""Your Lord can get fucking fucked by a fucking hippogriff," Draco cut him off. "If you haven't realised we've left him.""What?! You cannot— I'm here to take you two with—""I swear to God, shut up," Blaise rolled his eyes. "Oi, Orphan! Or the Pauper! Or whoever who's listening! We are on your—"Their heads turned when they saw the fire in Crabbe's wand."Got it! They've set the bloody place on fire!" Screamed Ron.Draco wanted Leevanna to kill him right there.Well, none of his plans was going well. Like always.       Great.And to put the cherry on top of the cake, Crabbe or whoever he was, was burning the place.       Fantastic!Blaise pushed him so that both would start climbing a pile of things in front of them. Crabbe fell into the fire halfway, but that didn't stop them."Okay! Can we be listened to now?!" Yelled Draco. "We are on your fucking side, yeah?!""What the big—" Draco hit him. "What the blondie said! We— Holy fuck I'm in Hell— We are with you and all that Gryffindor-y shit!"Then both stumbled.Draco thought of thousands of things that he could tell Leevanna as an excuse if he died first than her and left her alone. He didn't have the slightest idea of why the situation seemed so funny to him. Definitely living with Leevanna had affected his mind. But he wasn't complaining."IF WE DIE FOR THEM, HARRY, I'M GONNA KILL YOU!"Well, maybe he wouldn't have to think of excuses because him dying first."You are really on our side?!" said Harry from the air before making the first attempt to grab Draco's hand and get him out."Yeah, yeah, all that shit and hug a Hufflepuff!" said Draco and he took Harry's hand, climbing his broom to leave the place. Blaise had climbed Ron's.When they went out the door, Draco fell to the floor next to Blaise while they were panting and breathing raggedly. The fire was approximating the door every second, embracing with its flames all the things that were there. Setting on fire the memories of previous years."Malfoy!" called him Granger before throwing Leevanna's wand to him."Well, I'm not gonna say thank you," he said when he caught the piece of wood. "So, whatever."And he and Blaise started running out of the place knowing that a big explosion was coming when Weasley kicked the diadem to the fire and three Voldemort's faces appeared.Draco began to laugh when they were already quite far from the place. Blaise and he were with their backs leaning on a wall now. The sounds of the battle creating a symphony and merging with the wind."What are you laughing at?" Blaise asked by frowning while trying to breathe deeply."We forgot my wand," Draco laughed leaning his head on the wall closing his eyes. ༄ "I SWEAR I AM LEAVING YOU LUCIUS!" Her pretty face is opaqued for the fury and hate-filled tears which are making weight in her eyes. Narcissa's voice resonated in his head.God's sake... She would lave him... "PRAY FOR THAT NOTHING HAPPENS TO MY CHILDREN!" The tears still running down her cheeks like the drops of rain do over the windows. Lucius Malfoy was certainly praying. A lot. To every single thing he knew about.Not only because his wife would leave him if something happened to Draco and Leevanna, he was praying because he was also hoping nothing had happened to them. He is praying they wouldn't be dead. He is praying because Leevanna had been the one who had helped The Dark Lord to bring all those people here fighting for the dark side tonight, though it wasn't her fault. It would never, she had been forced to help. He is praying for his son to be able to protect the woman he loves with more than his own life.And Lucius Malfoy wishes he could be as brave as his family is.Narcissa had never left him and Lucius knew she should have done it a lot of time ago.The first time should have been when he cheated on her with her own sister before receiving his Dark Mark — his life sentence. That had been the initiation of him and Bellatrix. Betray the person they love the most just to prove loyalty.The Dark Lord had asked them what they were willing to do for him. What they were capable of to serve their true and only master. Bellatrix, he remembers, had said 'Anything, my Lord'. He had said the same but then he thought about Narcissa and — and it had been too late.He was a stupid teenager following his parents' wishes and hopes for their future, how the fuck was he supposed to know he would have to do such a thing?He had barely touched Bellatrix — she had been under a lust potion and even if she hadn't been, she was willing to do so —, but then he had bathed himself with alcohol even. For two months he couldn't look Narcissa in the eye. For his lucky, they had been at war, so it hadn't been so difficult. Bella and he had decided to keep it a secret and it so it had been.Until Narcissa found the letters one day...She had prohibited him to see Draco or even put a foot on their house for months. Bella was already in Azkaban, so she hadn't had to face Narcissa's fury. Five months after, he returned to their house and it had taken a lot to hear Narcissa say 'I love you' again.Lucius knew she should have left him. But she hadn't done it. The reason? Draco Lucius Malfoy. Their precious and innocent child. That was all.The second time should have been when his son and Leevy received the Dark Mark.God... When Cissy and Severus told him that their children had gone missing for a month and the appeared completely mind destroyed in the most torturous and cruel way possible... And then when his son had to kill Albus Dumbledore and had successfully succeeded because he had been threatened with losing the love of his life... Lucius knew he deserved the punishments Voldemort was giving to him.Lucius knows Narcissa should leave him.But he doesn't want that... We wouldn't be able to live with his beautiful and patient wife... God... He couldn't even imagine a world without her.Then he remembers how she enslaved herself to him when he got out from Azkaban Prison... How she had cried night after night every day of her life since they were together... How she had protected Leevy since she met her...Lucius knows Narcissa Black deserves to be free...They were teenagers enjoying the promises that holy and true love brings as spring breeze with the butterflies fluttering in their bellies, songs full of hope and all those things, how the fuck had they reached this point? 

"You make me smile too"

"What you don't know, Narcissa, won't hurt you," Lucius raised an eyebrow playfully. "You make me smile in my head, and it's possible maybe one day you'll catch me grinning at you."

"Oh, full name terms?" her eyebrow raised. "Well, LUCIUS, In the early mornings, whether it be Quidditch practice or an early breakfast, you may notice I'm not in the best mood," she said smiling playfully. "Of course, that is until I see you."

"This is quickly escalating to something flirty, no?"

"Oh shut it Malfoy," she rolled her eyes. "Don't feel so special, I just meant that your personality isn't so boring all the time, so I get put into a good mood. That's all," and she started leaving the Quidditch pitch after their practice.

"Ah, Cissa, one day you'll accept your obvious feelings for me!" Lucius laughed. "I can't blame you, my love!"

"Don't flatter yourself!" and she took off her middle finger still walking. "I could say the same thing! Right back at you, love!" Now Lucius is heading towards the master who he was supposed to be serving. He wasn't. He was serving his family. No more Voldemort from the Malfoys — including sweet Leevy. Maybe he would have to change his ways of thinking, who knows, but he was willing to do whatever was necessary to keep them by his side.He takes air deeply before entering the desolate but strangely familiar room. Hopping the person he had served all his life since he was a child would listen to him at least for once.He was standing in the middle the place, which had peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded except for one.The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room, it was dark except for a solitary oil lamp.There he was, Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment he had received. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy. And he couldn't feel more pathetic."My Lord," says his voice, desperate and cracked. He turned. "My Lord... Please... My son and Leevy...""If your son and his wife are dead, Lucius, it is not my fault," the snake-like man he had served all his life responds, and Lucius has to close his eyes to not yell. "They did not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins," Voldemort's voice is calm but has the lit of reproach. "Perhaps they have decided to be friends with Harry Potter?""No— never," whispered Lucius. "They would never."And he knows he is lying. Because he knows the reason why Narcissa obeyed Severus' orders and sent Draco and Leevanna back to Hogwarts after Voldemort killed all those people in front of them."You must hope not," and the snake-like men turns again towards the window. Lucius is able to open his eyes again."Aren't— Aren't you afraid, my Lord, that Potter might die at another hand but yours?" asks the blond man again, his voice is shaking, he knows. "Wouldn't it be... Forgive me... more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle and seek him y—yourself?""Do not pretend, Lucius," and he closes his eyes again feeling repulsion when his name left his mouth again. "You wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what has happened to your son and his wife," Lucius started shaking. "And I do not need to seek Potter... Before the night is out, Potter will have come to find me."Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the wand in his fingers. Lucius knows it troubled him, he had seen how his former master stared at it when he attacked the magic shield.Lucius knows he wouldn't find mercy in Voldemort, because all his is worrying about is the things that troubled him needed to be rearranged."How can you live with yourself, Lucius?"And that's a very good question. A question Lucius Malfoy has been asking himself since he hurt Narcissa Black years ago."I don't know," he responds."Go and fetch Snape.""Snape, m-my Lord?"And he feels stupid because he keeps stuttering."Snape... Now," says Lord Voldemort again. "I need him... There is a— service— I require from him. Go."Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Hoping his old friend would have more luck with the snake-like men.His son could not be dead.Leevy could not be dead.He wasn't going to forgive himself if Narcissa mourned their deaths. "What would I do without you Cissa?" asked Lucius taking her cheeks.

"Depends," she chuckled. "Not sure what there is to do beyond the grave, since you'd clearly be dead without me" He had to find them. ༄ Lhu used a Disarming spell.She ran ahead a few paces and fired the spell, striking one of the Death Eaters' backs and sending him into the wall.The sound of bones crunching echoed everywhere as the man slid down the wall, unconscious."I swear—" she panted. "Fuck's sake!" she screamed when the man almost hit her with the Killing Curse. "I'm gonna get married you bloody Death Eater I cannot die!"And she didn't regret at all when a green-light left her wand."She just—" breathed George lifting his wand then, catching the second Death Eater with a Stupefy that knocked him out cold."She's a baddie," laughed Fred still panting."I'm glad we're marrying her," George said with a smile before he took out one of the lasts Death Eater with a powerful spell that took him off his feet and flying out of a window."Wait, what?!" said Percy resting his hands over his knees after finishing with the last Death Eater using Reducto. "You three are getting married?"They had reunited again hours earlier, Percy had come back for forgiveness, a thing he had a lot of time ago. Percy was with his family again. Where he would be all his life."Oh, yeah," the girl laughed. "In November — Holy shit that was close," she breathed on the floor after she dodged another green light that came from the wand of another Death Eater who had just appeared."Welcome to the family," said Percy smiling and launching a jinx at the Death Eater."Thanks, mate," she said with a smile.Jets of light flew in every direction and the man duelling Percy backed off, fast: then his hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair—"Oh! Hello, Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. "Did I mention I'm resigning?!"Lhu burst into laughter and walked unconsciously towards Fred, setting herself in front of him as she kept fighting."You're joking, Perce!" shouted Fred, as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells.Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; he seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee."You actually are joking, Perce... I don't think I've heard you joke since you were—"The air exploded.They had been grouped together, Fred and Lhu, George and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured: and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed, temporarily, at bay, the world was rent apart.The last thing Lhu had heard was someone screaming her name while pushing her.And before she could react, she was already flying through the air and falling on the floor roughly while covering her face with her arms trying to hold as tightly as possible to the sick of wood in her hand.Her ears plugged and her head hurt.She heard the screams and yells of her companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them—And then the world resolved itself into pain and semi-darkness: cold air told her that the side of the castle had been blown away and hot stickiness on her cheek told her that she was bleeding copiously. She didn't care. She had more of those all her body.Then she heard a terrible cry that pulled at her insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause ever. She was familiar with that kind of cries. She had heard them escape from Leevy's lips lots of times. She still didn't find her. "When you started liking me?"

"Since a long time ago, Lhu Onely," he chuckled. "I'm in love with you." And she stood up, swaying, more frightened than she had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than she had been in her life... "You say that every day," she chuckled. "Come on, give me a date."

"Remember that time when we went to the Water Park in Peru?" she nodded. "Since that moment, when I saw the light in your eyes as you jumped under the water." She quickly crawled through the floor and struggling to her feet in the wreckage. Then she stood up quickly and saw the two red-headed men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. "I swear you're such a romantic."

"Are you calling me romantic? George is the one appearing with flowers every day."

 He was half-buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack. "I'm glad I'm marrying you, Fred Weasley." She stumbled and fell to her knees again. "I'm glad I'm marrying you, Lhu Oneyl." "No— no— no!" she screamed crawling. "No! Freddie! No!"Percy was shaking his brother and George kneeling beside them."No — No — You stupid red-head!" she cried. "Why did you save me?! Wake up, Fred! You heard me?!  Wake the fuck up!"His face was cold and his eyes were closed.Her tears wiped his face full of dirt and dust.She cupped his cheeks, pressing their foreheads wanting to feel the sensation of their skins together one more time."Tell me is a joke..." she muttered closing her eyes tightly. "Please... Wake up, Freddie..."The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle has fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arms?Lhu's mind was in freefall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility because her Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all her senses must be lying—It had to be a joke... Just a joke...And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the school and curses flew in at them from the darkness, hitting the wall behind their heads.She doesn't care.She is not gonna leave until her lover wakes up telling her it was just a cruel joke."Get down!" George shouted, as more curses flew through the night: he and Percy had pulled down to the floor, but Lhu lay across Fred's body, shielding it from further harm, and when George shouted, "Lhu, love, come on, we've got to move!" she shook her head.She had to protect him just like he had done it with her... She could not leave him... She is not leaving him alone.He — He was going to be cold — He was going to be scared if she left him there — She couldn't — She — She had to take care of him.She — She — she can't — she can't leave him... They — They are getting married together with George. They were a threesome. The three Musketeers. She — He could not leave her alone! He couldn't give up on the trio!"Percy help me!" said George trying to grab Lhu, his brother had tears soaking his face as he watched Lhu. "My love, we have to keep moving!""NO!" she shouted crying and hugging more the body of her lover. "He's gonna wake up... Because it's just a joke..."And George's heart hurt like it hadn't done ever.The person who had been with him all his life. The person he had laughed with from the first moment. The one who had helped him through difficult times. The one who had been there to make jokes and pranks. The one who helped him get his mother out of love. With whom he had shared sweaters that their mother knitted for both of them.His twin... His best friend since born...He — He was dead... He — He wasn't — Oh, God...And the song of two magpies means happiness, when one leaves, the song means sadness.George controlled his tears and the desire to scream and cry next to her because he needed to be strong for her.He needed to get her out of there to not lose her too. He couldn't lose her too. He wouldn't be able to handle it. He couldn't lose the love of his life.A monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall: one of Aragog's descendants had joined the fight. Percy and George shouted together; their spells collided and the monster was blown backwards, its legs jerking horribly, and vanished into the darkness."It brought friends!" Percy called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curses had blasted: more giant spiders were climbing the side of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Forest into which the Death Eaters must have penetrated.Percy fired Stunning Spells down upon them, knocking the lead monster into its fellows so that they rolled back down the building and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over Percy's head, so close he felt the force of them blow his hair."Let's move, NOW!" he shouted with tears falling from his eyes. "Get her out of here, George!"George grabbed his lover by the arms, hugging her tightly as she screamed for him to let her go.Percy stooped to seize Fred's body under the armpits. George, realising what his brother was trying to do, stopped hugging Lhu and helped; together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, they hauled Fred out of the way."Here," said George and they placed him in a niche where a suit of armour had stood earlier.He could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than he had to, and after making sure that the body was well hidden he grabbed Lhu again as she clung to his chest drowning her cries of despair on his chest.Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar, "ROOKWOOD!" and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students.George held Lhu tighter when she pushed away from him trying to follow Percy. Her face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief. She wanted to fight, to punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and she wanted to find the others."I wanna— I wanna kill those— Kill them..."George was crying too, and he wiped his face with his torn sleeve and he took great, heaving breaths to calm himself as he took her cheeks."Listen to me, love," he said looking into her eyes. "We need to keep moving, okay?" he placed a hand on Lhu's head pulling her to his chest as he stroked her hair and left a kiss on it. "I cannot lose you, too."She nodded clinging to his clothes before separate from him and wipe her tears."We have... We need to keep moving..." she gasped and tried to not cry again.They had — need to keep moving...

—Are you a sheep? No.

You're a dragon. Be a dragon. And Leevanna is thinking she is forgetting something.Something important.The Viaduct Courtyard was chaos. Complete chaos. The Great Hall was the same. Every place was the same.Everyone was fighting and everything was being left in ruins. Dust and dirt merging with one another, being a blanket for death beings. The wind filled with blood dancing. The lights of hope leaving eyes when they close one last time. Bad and good facing each other between rays of wands.The spear near a body catches her attention and she slides across the ground to grab it when a scavenger approaches her. Her legs bring her to her feet and her body twists before the spear plunges into her enemy's chest. "I am not letting you stain your hands with someone else's blood," he sighs. "You are innocent, understood?" She was no longer innocent. She had just killed someone.She does not care.Everything is slow. Drops of blood splatter her cheeks and she closed her eyes imagining it is paint. She is painting. Not killing.Her eyes open again and everything returns to its normal speed before pulling the spear out of the now dead body and turning to nail it to another Death Eater.Leevanna growled.She was forgetting something.Something was missing.Something fucking important.Through her mind were passing the memories of the meetings with Voldemort to discuss tactics and ways to attack. It was as if she was in a room with all her others mini hers. The demons and the good ones.There's nothing, says one of them. Another memory crosses her mind when she uses Stupefy.There has to be something! another voice says in a growl.The voice was right. There was something. Something she didn't remember and should do.She had planned all the war practically, she had planned every move the beasts were going to do, where to put them, how to tell them to behave. She remembers. All of it. The meetings with all the Death Eaters looking at her and — and respecting her. "Oh, for Fuck's sake," said Yaxley intertwining his hands over the table. "My Lord, you're trusting a child."

"A child that's more useful than you are," growled Leevanna still watching the table. All the eyes were on her now. She huffed.

"Keep speaking, Leevanna," said Voldemort passing his fingers across his wand. His red eyes looked at Leevanna and then a Yaxley.

"If we use giants here," she sighed and the guilt filled her chest when she moved another piece in the map they had done to plan the attacks, "it would be easier to kill big agglomerations."

"Fine," Voldemort nodded slowly. "Yaxley out of the room."

 And she starts running when a giant is about to use its weapon to kill a group of people."Get out of here, now!" She bellows and thinks of 'Everte Statum!' and flicks her wand as the group of people disperses out of the place.The giant that now blocked Leevanna's path was huge and hideous, bellowing like a horn as it swung its club, the ground quaking with its movements.She had just finished killing two Death Eaters and was exhausted."Fucking perfect," she growled. "Hey you, bitch!" She called the giant, who looked at her breathing heavy and angrily. "Wanna fight or what?!"She had her wand ready to disable or kill the beast, but a series of loud thuds disrupted her concentration and she saw Grawp came trudging over, sizing up the larger giant. Grawp looked at the girl before roaring and pushing her to start fighting.She covered her head with her arms as she tried to stand up. Both beasts roared and charged at each other, wrestling and grappling savagely, and Leevanna hoped not being trampled beneath their enormous feet.Keep looking! another voice im her head says as another meeting crosses her mind.Wait— Wait! I think I have it! says another.A jinx whipped past her head and she was fighting again."Merlin, I miss break time," she panted as she waved her wand to use a Blocking Spell.She crouched when she saw the huge foot of one of the giants on the point of crushing it, she rolled on the ground by dodging it.One of the Death Eaters she was fighting with was crushed instead.She stood up to face the opponent who remained."What's up? Scared of a girl?" She mocked pointing her wand.Both began to mourn, blocking and cast spells and curses. Her eyes fixed on Pansy, who was fighting quite close to her. Luna and Theodore were a bit far away and Millicent next to Adrian were in The Great Hall.She hadn't found Draco, Blaise, Lhu or the twins yet. She had found Lee minutes ago, but nothing about the others. She was beginning to worry. She needed to find them but she couldn't quit fighting right now.Something was missing.Something from when she had been treated as Voldemort's successor.She was forgetting—I GOT IT! I GOT IT!And at the same time, the voice in her head stands up from its chair, a familiar roar leaks through her ears.How could she forget about that?!"That's a—" Pansy frowns looking at the sky."DRAGON!" yells a person far away.She remembers now. She remembers she had been the one proposing to brought them from Romania."Leevanna, what—" Theo says before blocking the green light of a Death Eater. "Are you crazy?!"Yeah, we are.And she isn't listening, she is running towards it, she keeps running. The jinxes and hexes leaving her wand as her legs move towards the big dragon that is flying. She had ridden them a long time ago, but she remembers how to do it. She knows she has to. She must or many more people would die at that instant.Luckily for her, she had only asked for one and it was the smallest of them all. The grey-coloured dragon with golden scales was only one centimetre larger than the prevailing giant.The rubble is not stopping her, in fact, she is climbing it, jumping and running. She keeps throwing lightning bolts with her wand. All the spells that she can think of. Her wand flicks at the thought of 'Sectumsempra!' and two Snatchers are over the floor now.Her face is covered with dirt and she feels the wind colliding with some bleeding wound that she has in some part of it. She doesn't care, she keeps running. Another giant appears in front of her, her body slipping through the middle of the beast's legs and another lightning bolt leaves her wand when a Death Eater is about to do the same as her. She gets up fast, doesn't waste time, keeps running.She is running and — and breathing — climbing — stumbling — and fighting — she — she needs air — a second — there are no seconds.She keeps going.I swear, everyone must be thinking we're suicidal or something, says a voice in her head in a sigh.Wait— we aren't? frowns another mini her.The tip of her foot steps on a large stone, a sharp pain accompanies it, she does not care and her other foot steps on another smaller stone. Running on the ground once she walked on heading to classes. She is jumping and climbing the mountains of stones. Her eyes don't stop at the sight of two dead bodies, she doesn't want to know who they are. She trips over a stone and her hands burn as she feels the blood gush from between the cuts on her palms. She does not care.Her hand squeezes her wand and she keeps running. Her green eyes catch a tall enough stone pile and she wastes no time heading towards it. Two of her fingers enter her mouth and a whistle leaves her lips as the dragon passes over her.She feels like she's flying when the tip of her toes barely collide with the steep mountain of rubble under her. Her hands rest on them to help her up. The dragon is getting closer to her.Her fingertips touch the stones once more and the tips of her feet raise her to the top of the pile of stones. It is near the bell tower, she jumps, slips and her hands help her to climb at the same time that the dragon bends over her to pick her up, she throws herself on the flying beast.Air.Crashing against her face like water falling to the floor as it rains, like a sheet that collides with her face caressing her pale and dirty skin like a brush.She is on top of the dragon. They are on top of the bell tower. Everything is slow. The beat of her heart echoes in her head. Her heavy breathing accompanies it. An acoustic. Her eyes go over all the people fighting. Her green oceans all full of diamonds crystallising her gaze. Her throat itches. Her body hurts. Her hands gripped around the stained golden horns of the dragon's back.The air leaves her lips slowly and an imperceptible sob creeps in.And she propels herself, making the dragon propel itself before taking flight.And she — She is not weighing — She feels on fire. Feels beyond than amazing.A growl combined with the salty water running down her cheeks scrapes her throat as she starts to fly over the place. They all keep fighting. Her eyes moving from a place to another, searching for the largest group of Death Eaters. Her body is bending, her knees pressing the sides of the dragon.And she closes her eyes.She must do it.But she cannot — She —Do it.No — Sha can't —Do it.And for the first time, the voice of the monster inside her doesn't seem so terrifying. It is so familiar that to her ears it is a caress full of sweetness. She feels like the breeze on a winter afternoon. She savours the sweet, metallic taste that has crept into her mouth from some wound she must have.And she imagines herself in a garden.Full of flowers. The undergrowth is green and tall. She walks with complete calm. The sunlight is reflecting on it. Her hands caress the grass. The air makes her hair and white dress float. There are butterflies.And she finds herself.She is there. Facing the monster. One that she couldn't beat for years. It's her. Herself standing in front of her. A smile crosses her lips as they both extend their hands.And it is a truce.Because she beat the monster a long time ago.And she feels the air filling her lungs completely again. And she can breathe. There is no more trauma. There are no memories. No more gloves. Everything is behind. And the sun is shining. And the flowers give colour. And the ice has stopped hurting. Snowflakes fall on her and the grass. And spring and winter have made peace. They live in harmony.And it is no longer the voice of the monster. It is her own voice that repeats that she must do it.Her eyes open again.One of her hands finds her wand. She holds on tight to the dragon, lowering it a bit before shooting the first blue ray, catching the attention of the giant, who jumps trying to reach the dragon's tail. Leevanna flies high. She is so high that she feels her hair touching the clouds.And then she becomes a spear.The fire leaves the dragon's mouth like a waterfall down a mountain and burns the giant completely.The fire becomes one with the wind and with the help of a couple of spells manages to direct it to other Death Eaters who were nearby. She doesn't know who they are, she doesn't care. She takes flight again and circles the entire battlefield before a blast of fire breaks free from the dragon's mouth, burning a line of Death Eaters.Enemies flying on their brooms attempt to get closer to her — the dragon. She makes them follow her for a few seconds and then guides the dragon to stop, facing the people for a second before spreading its wings and flap them in the direction of the people riding brooms. Fire is the next thing to light up the sky, and five more Death Eaters fall to the battlefield defeated.Black smoke surrounds her and she knows that she is being attacked again. She can see the faces of men. The rays left by the tips of their wands strike like whips on the dragon's dark skin causing it to let out a roar that provokes Leevanna's eardrums to ring a little before her ears plug for a second. She moves her body to the side making the dragon do a full turn in the air.She has a headache and feels her stomach clench causing the bitter sensation to rise her throat.She holds it up and closes her eyes to steady herself for a moment before making the dragon spit fire and burn the black smoke that attacks her.Not a single second passes when a bunch of Dementors made their way towards her and the dragon.Oh, come on! says the voice inside her that always makes her laugh.Her wand now is being held by her hand and she grabs the horn tighter before pulling her body backwards making the dragon do the same.Her wand flicks at the thought of 'Expecto Patronum!'.An enormous and bright sky-blue magic shield makes an appearance at the same time fire is spit from the dragon's mouth.The Dementors are now being pushed by the two things and burned by the fire as they go away.And she keeps burning people alive for several minutes. She doesn't know how many exactly. But the minutes seem more than twenty.She had closed her eyes with every turn she had taken with the dragon and her urge to vomit was on a constant seesaw. With her wand, she had been casting spells from the air, which luckily fell on the people who were supposed to be attacked. She didn't know if she had killed someone with one, she didn't care. She had already killed more anyway.She feels — She doesn't know how to describe it.She feels like she is high. Like she has taken a lot of drugs in one and now fireworks are exploding inside her. It feels like an orgasm. A mind-blowing one. As if she is a frenzied train about to explode against the wall.But that sensation comes to an end and the train crashes when from the dragon's jaws a roar merged with a moan of pain escapes and resonates throughout the air.She turns her head and sees two black clouds at each side of her. They are hurting the dragon. Her dragon. They are Crucio-ing him.She knows. Her child is dying."My love, just one more!" she tells in the dragon's ear and pulls her body to the side making the dragon turn too. The dragon's wings are extended as it flies by side for a minute, it keeps roaring.Leevanna takes out all the strength she can and turns the dragon again to burn the people behind the black smoke.She knows the dragon is weak, its roars and moans are becoming less frequent and its only hanging on the air, not flying.The green-eyed feels the weight of tears burning her eyes when the beast fights to let the fire out of its mouth when she orders it. And she has to close her eyes tightly when her child puts too much effort to keep flying.She doesn't want to let it go.But she must."You did a great job, my child," she says before a sob escapes her wounded lips. She bends over the back of the dragon and caresses it softly letting drops of salty water wet the beast's skin.When the beast lets escape its last roar, she grabs her wand tightly and lets go of the horns. Another ray of light hits the dragon once more and Leevanna fights back before her body starts to slide down.Fuck.She is holding one of the horns once more while the beast flies by side again. Her wand between her lips. She doesn't know where she is gonna fall.And she closes her eyes when the dragon's fly grows weaker and weaker.She knows she needs to let go.And she does.The air is the only thing that holds her.She knows using her wand won't do anything.So she is just falling.Like the dragon.Her eyes close slowly to the sensation of going faster every second.And when she is prepared to face the floor or maybe the rubble, she stops abruptly."Always falling for me, huh?"And she rolls her eyes playfully."Very funny," she says surrounding his neck with her arms. "Now, put me down before I vomit on you.""Why I always have to save you?" he chuckles."You will always come for me, remember?" she raises an eyebrow and both descend to then step on the floor once more."First a broom, now a dragon, what's next? A fucking hippogriff?""You are traumatised by hippogriffs, don't you?" she laughs."I swear, they are not normal," they turn their heads when the voice of Theodore leaks through their ears. "Every couple here literally ate each other and then here you are, fighting.""That's what we do best," both shrugged before crouching down when a ray of light passed over them."Holy shite, that was close," says Draco grabbing Leevanna's hand before waving his wand when a Snatcher approaches."Oppugno!" bellows Leevanna and a pile of rubble to bury him with it. "That was easy.""Oh, yeah, right," Draco let go her hand and started looking in his suit's internal pockets before handing her wand. "Happy birthday.""Granger punch you again or what? My birthday is after yours, you imbecile," and she grabs the piece of wood as she hands him the one she has."Oi, at least thanks," he rolled his eyes and kept his mum's wand in his pocket."Thanks," she chuckles."Oi, you, Romeo and Juliet!" called them Blaise holding Pansy's hand. "Let's go to The Great Hall!"More Death Eaters appeared at that time.Draco pulled his wife by her arm, attracting her to his body when one of their opponents threw a green light with his wand.God, he hated that colour."Remember me to never buy you anything green," he said as his wand flicked and a red ray push one of the unmasked Death Eaters far away. Both are running among all the people who are fighting, following their friends who are also throwing lights of rays from their wands to combat Death Eaters."I'll make sure of it," Leevanna says before waving her wand and starting to duel against another unmasked Death Eater. She remembered him, she had travelled to Albania to bring some people to Voldemort's side.How things change."Someone's invisible there!" Shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing.Leevanna made the most of the Death Eater's momentary distraction, knocking them out with a Stunning Spell; one of them attempted to retaliate and she shot a Body-Bind Curse at him."You look fucking awesome," Draco laughed before knocking another Death Eater with a curse."I always look awesome," she laughed before dodging another green light. "Salazar's sake, I hate green."Then, when least they expected it, a Death Eater took Leevanna's hair, dragging it through the place willing to throw it on a pile of spiders that were nearby."Oh, no, get yours!" Draco growled before waving his wand and fighting with his opponent, who still dragged Leevanna. She, with one hand trying to get her hair out from the grip, used her other hand to flick her wand and push a spider away.The Death Eater threw Leevanna to the ground and before Draco could approach her, the Death Eater threw a jinx away from the girl. Draco was on the upper landing, fighting with the masked Death Eater as he tried to approach Leevanna.Someone Stunned the Death Eater as they passed: Draco and Leevanna looked around, beaming for their saviour, and someone punched the blond.Draco fell backwards on top of the Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused."And that's the second time we've saved your life tonight, you bastard!" The green-eyed recognised the voice of Ron Weasley yelling."Second time?!" Yelled Leevanna still panting on the floor."Long story," Draco panted before she hit his chest with her hand. "What was that for?!""For being a git!""Get your asses up, you Greek Tragedy!" yells Pansy hitting a Snatcher with a blue light."Why always the tragedy?" says Leevanna getting up from the floor before using Oppugno one more time when the enormous spiders approached."Wanna re-count?" Laughs Theodore before dodging a green-light and pushing Luna behind him when another light of the same colour was about to hit them. "What with the green?! For Fuck's sake!"Leevanna and Draco remained fighting with Death Eaters and beasts for long several minutes until suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that both made a small jump killing a spider unintentionally.Draco took her hand and she tightened his.Voldemort's voice reverberated from the walls and floor, he was talking to Hogwarts and all the surrounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a death blow away."You have fought valiantly," said the high, cold voice. "...Lord Voldemort knows how to value bravery... Yet you have sustained heavy losses..."Leevanna covered her ears without letting go of Draco's hand and closed her eyes trying to breathe deeply. She hates his voice more than anyone could imagine. After spending months of hearing the constant hisses and seeing the ways his filthy snake-like tongue moved while discussing tactics, she hates it more than anything.Draco sticks her to him and belts his arms around her while avoiding focusing on the pain his left arm is sending throughout his body."If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one... I do not wish this to happen..." continued the cold voice. "Every drop of magical blood spilt is a loss and a waste... Lord Voldemort is merciful... I command my forces to retreat, immediately... You have one hour... Dispose of your dead with dignity... Treat your injured."And the war seems to stop for a second.A breathless and windswept second.Leevanna turns her head to the side when a black smoke similar to a cloud makes its appearance a few metres away from her.And now all the presents who are fighting against the Dark Lord and his wished tyranny, turn their heads when more black smokes start to go up the sky and leave the place.She sighs.Finally a fucking rest.There's a lot of dead bodies everywhere, under the rubble or above it, stretched down on what was a beautiful wall once. Blood and sweat are merging with the air and plasma inside the bodies of the ones who remain breathing.That's how war feels like.Breathing blood and the hopes from souls that joined the stars on the dark blue page that looks at them. Steeping where someone already did seconds ago and maybe won't do so again. Using a spell or jinx that already left a wand and crossed a mind. Feeling the cold aura a body now over the floor isn't capable anymore.So Leevanna raises her wand.A silver-white light appears on the tip of it and lights up a small portion of the air. Maybe a hope, a wish, perhaps a breath someone won't have anymore.And more lights illuminate the dark place which once was so cheerful and kept the laughs of students running to reach the classrooms.Tears are running down pale hills and joining the dust or maybe following the wind. There are a lot of salty rivers and knees touching the ground while begs of finding their other half alive are still lighted. Maybe some of them are praying. Or lamenting.Who knows.But that's how war feels.War, War is hell an unknown chaotic inferno of death that changes throughout time from era to era.Everyone around everyone is thinking of something. Perhaps their last conversation with their child, their parent, their sibling. Some minds though would be strangely empty.It's exhausting, until you get to a certain level of exhaustion, after which... meh, boring. What's the worst that can happen? Die? That's easy! The thing comes when you have motives to live, a someone or something waiting for you, there's when you put yourself in your senses again and the fear returns.Once there, you never really come back home.The trauma stays, the aroma stays, the tears, the breaths and words you would never be able to let escape again, the cold hands that once were warm, the last kisses that reunite in the sky, the sounds. All stays.No matter the fatality or the time it lasted. War is war. All stays.After war, you learn how to live with it, but you never forget.Leevanna now is walking towards the place her dragon had fallen some time ago. She doesn't know what hour is it, doesn't know how much they would continue with a strange peace, doesn't know how much they have.Her hands find the flaky skin of her dragon, caressing it slowly as a smile forms on her face when the head of the dragon turns weakly to look at her.Maybe she could try.A weak roar comes out from the beast's jaws when she uses her wand to nudge some parts of its body to try and heal her dear child. Her eyes close when the broken bones crack once more before meeting with their other half. The dry blood sliding down the dragon's nostrils makes her feel dizzy for a second before seeing the dragon try to stand up again.She has been healing it for twenty minutes.A sigh leaves her lips."Go on, love," she mutters towards the dragon. "You can eat some of the masked ones."She sees the beast get away from her to do what she just indicated it some seconds ago."I swear, she treats everyone like shit but if it's an animal or flower she is Mis Compassion."And she laughs at the comment Theodore Nott has just made."D'you know how many times I had to hear you yell like a bitch?" he continues in an offended tone. "But yeah, go on, love more a dragon.""I should be the one complaining," frowns Draco confused while Leevanna turns around to stand up and walk towards them."I love you all," she says dedicating them a smile. "Just in case you need a reminder," she shrugs."Did I hear that shit right?" jokes Blaise placing a hand behind the shell of his ear."She just said what?" says Theodore imitating his friend's action. "That she loves us?""Yes, I love all of you," she says placing her hand by the sides of her mouth before laughing. "Took me eight fucking years, take it or leave it.""Better late than never," chuckles Pansy with her arms around Blaise's torso. Her cheek rests on his chest and she sighs. "Finally a fucking rest.""Why your hair always smells so fucking good?" frowned Theo sniffing Luna's hair once more."It must be the lavenders and honey," she shrugged chuckling. "Yours smells nice too, Theo.""They are the weird ones," said Pansy playfully before turning her head towards her friends. "And Draco is another one of the weirdos.""Huh?" he turns to look at her distracted still with one of Leevanna's curls twirled on his finger."Nothing, blondie, nothing," laughs Leevanna surrounding him with her arms and sighing."Shall we going to the Great Hall?" asks Luna placing a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear. Her mood seemed to have decreased a little. "Lhu is waiting for us.""Oh, yeah," says Pansy unwrapping her lover and not noticing the blonde eagle's words true meaning. "Lovegood is right, we should be going, everyone is in there.""You guys go," says Draco leaving his wife's black hair finally alone. "I want to take Leevanna somewhere first.""Listen, if you two are gonna have sex I shall propose an or—""Lovegood, please control your hoe.""Come on, Theo," the Ravenclaw chuckled. "Leave them alone a minute.""But—""Nope," she shook her head. "I need to heal that dislocated shoulder of yours.""How do you know I—""She is Lovegood, for Salazar's sake," said Blaise. "She knows everything.""Can I finish a fucking sentence? Goddammit with you all," huffed Theo offended."Well, we shall be going," said Pansy, "we will see you in a while."Draco nodded and saw his friends heading with the rest of people letting a sigh escape his lips."Where do you want to go?" asks Leevanna separating from him to see him better."You are going to kill me because this is the worse moment to do it," he says keeping his hands in his pockets, "but better now.""Wait— Are we really going to have sex?""No, you stupid dumbass," he rolled his eyes hitting her forehead. "Take my hand.""Where are we—"And she couldn't even finish her question when she felt her being twisting and rebuilding again all at the same time.The breeze was different in where she was now, it felt different. Familiar but yet so unknown. The place seemed to be almost desolate and only a few houses had their lights on. It was a kind of village but at the same time a harvest field.She turns around in semi-circles a couple of times to try and understand where she is. Clearly not having a clue where the fuck her lover had brought her.Draco stares her for a minute, seeing the confusion shine in her eyes and the dirt and blood give colour to her pale skin. Her pink lips are now stained with blood and a small thread of it is sliding down from one of the corners of her lips. She has also tiny and almost faded away drops of the scarlet liquid on her cheeks.Her black blazer is full of dirt and white faded parts of dust and rubble just like her pants. The blouse she has under it is no longer white anymore and has drops of blood too.He really doesn't want to know how she got to that state.His thumb slides across her lower lip and cleans the thread of dry blood."Come on, this way," he nods to the side and both start walking through the high grass.She follows him in silent, hearing the grass move and crunch under her. The ears of wheat that are scattered brush the back of her hand.Her eyes concentrate on her lover, and she stares at his state for a moment.His black suit is now stained with dirt and dust, leaving some faded white decorate it. His pale cheeks are full of dirt and his hair has faint waves everywhere. He has hir hair the way she likes, not in the best moment to say it, clearly, because is dirty too.And for her, he looks as handsome as he has been all these years.When they stop, they are in front of a sort a small mausoleum. The small gates that serve as the entrance are open. The walls are not so white anymore, even the paint is chipping. Inside the place the ground and walls have parts of the undergrowth growing."What is this?" she asks frowning confused and supporting a hand on the wall before going down the few and small stairs that lead inside."Just enter," he sighs following her with his hands in the pockets of his dress pants.Leevanna keeps walking, giving small and slow steps trying to recollect all the information of the place. She has seen it before or it resulted familiar to her somehow. She wasn't sure. The place had that 'something' that was causing her an ache in her heart.The yolk of her fingers caressed the walls as she walked, every move under her gaze. Her green eyes fixed on a wall with an inscription wrote with black paint. Her right hand passed over it, getting off the dust and dirt covering the letters.'Daniell Jordan / 1979-1989

–Our Lord's light brights as the red hair did once–'Her feet gave a few steps back, trying to understand what her eyes were seeing. The beats her heart was giving seemed to he accelerated in a small percentage. Her hand cleaned quickly the inscription that was over Daniell's.'Leo Avalon / 1979-1989

–Shall the innocence bring glory–'The silent tears had started falling. She keeps cleaning.'Alexy Douglas / 1978-1989

–Brave knight watches over us–'She can't — can't breathe — she doesn't — the tears keep falling and a gasp leaves her lips that are quickly covered by her hand when her eyes caught the last name.'Alyssa - Aly Dexter / 1979-1989

–Laughs of joy resonate in the sky–'"I send people to look for it," she hears Draco's voice. "It took time but they found it a few weeks ago."The pain her head sends throughout her body because of the wound she has on some part of it doesn't compare to the one in her heart."I was gonna tell you for your birthday," the blond continues, "but after the war, I don't think we would have much free time."And she doesn't know if she is crying or the shock in where she is doesn't let her react well and stills standing there like an idiot.Her hands support on the kid of wall the name of Aly is. As if she could feel her one more time. Her eyes close slowly, remembering how it was to have her close and hear her voice, smell her summer-like aroma and touch her soft skin.Suddenly she is there, in the tea party once was her personal hell.She sees all how it had been that day, the picnic she herself had planned carefully with all the things she didn't know would hurt so much.Her eyes catch a curly-haired girl that is standing up from the rosy blanket, walking towards her with a smile decorating her face. She sees Daniell too, and Alexy and Leo smiling at her.And in that tea party, she is able to see, there's no single trail of pain. There's no suffering or tears. Just fun, harmony, innocence.   "I am so sorry, Aly," she says when the girl's hands take hers.   "I wasn't your fault, Leev," smiles Alyssa. "I'm always watching over you... And you really should stop trying to kill yourself."Leevanna laughs between tears. "I'll never try to kill myself again, I pinky swear it."   "You better," chuckles the girl. "Now you must go, you have a war to win," the green-eyed nods.   "I love you, Aly," and the tears keep falling, but they aren't sad anymore.   "I love you, too, Leev."And her smile is the last thing she sees before returning to her current reality and opening her eyes.She feels peace. Lots of it.Her eyes focus on the dusty wall in front of her and she smiles softly, letting her hands apart from it slowly and the heaviness that has been on her shoulders for a long time, to finally disappear."Thank you," she whispers before turning to see Draco.He smiles at her and starts walking towards her position to place a hand on her cheek."No problem," he says leaving a kiss on her forehead before using his wand to heal the concussion she has on the side of it."It's not like I'm not gonna keep hurting myself, y'know?" she chuckles when he continues to heal her hands."Yeah, but you are staining all my clothes," and she laughs when she rolls her eyes. "Shall we come back?""Yeah, we should," she sighs taking his hand and making them both appear again at the Hogwarts's Viaduct Courtyard.Back to the battlefield.When they arrived at the Great Hall, the house tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups, their arms around each other's necks. Crying because they were alive or perhaps struggling because their companions just quit breathing. Praying maybe. Laughing or chatting. Comforting each other. There were several people wandering around the room alone, staring blankly at nothing or crying. Nobody would judge.It was bizarre how a room full of screaming people could seem so quiet and empty.The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Many were bleeding, pressing their palms into their wounds, or casting Healing Charms. Firenze, a centaur Leevanna had met once, was amongst the injured; his flank poured blood and he shook where he lay, unable to stand.The dead lay in a row in the middle of the hall.Leevanna and Draco slowly walked to the others, meeting with Pansy, Theodore, Luna and Blaise."Hi, guys..." she breathed running a hand through her hair pushing it backwards and the to the side. Old habits never leave us completely.Pansy was the first one to turn around and look at her with tears running down her cheeks. Blaise was the next one, then Theo and finally Luna. Their faces had a sad expression and a sheet of worrisome and anger too.Leevanna knows though, that the anger and prepotency isn't towards her or Draco, is because the ache in their beings for something that just happened and they don't know how to communicate.Luna is just looking at her, smiling softly and sadly trying to keep the sparkle shining in her eyes. The green-eyed knows she had sensed that before going to the Great Hall.Pansy is trying to clean the tears that are still falling, she has Blaise's arm around her waist. The dark-skinned one is leaving a kiss on her hair.Theodore seems to still be in shook, his face doesn't have that shield of cynicism and playfulness that's always protecting him."Why are you looking at us like that?" She frowned and looked up at Draco, who looked straight and gulped.She heard a sob.Her feet gave a few steps back before Draco put his arm in front of her."Leevy... Don't..." Draco muttered trying to push her behind him. Trying to protect her."That's Lhu? Why is she crying?" She asked trying to let go of his grip.He looked down at her."Stop looking at me as if someone had just died," she said.And then she realised."Someone has died..." she muttered and he nodded slowly.Lhu's weak sob caught her attention.She couldn't see Fred's body, because his family surrounded him, so she didn't realise it was him until she saw just one reddish hair.George was kneeling at his head, his sobs and muffled gasps of prepotency leaked through her ears; Mrs Weasley was lying across Fred's chest, her body shaking, Mr Weasley stroking her hair while tears cascaded down his cheeks. Lhu was next to Molly, also crying with all the strength her vocal cords had. She saw Molly hug the brunette tightly, how a mother does when her child has been hurt or is scared. Both women are crying so desperately. Hugging each other and trying to make the pain stop.Her eyes caught the Golden Trio, who walked away without a word.Then she had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Leevanna reeled backwards from her position. She could not draw breath.She could not bear to look at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died. She could not bear to approach the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes.Fred had died. 

"What?" the redhead laughed eating the chocolate biscuit Molly had sent for her.

"Give me that back!" she said stretching an arm and jumping to catch his also stretched arm.

"You're so small," he laughed again standing on tiptoes making his hand brush the ceiling before taking the biscuit back to his mouth.

"Stop eating my food!"

"You're a little cinnamon," he said smiling and pinching one of her cheeks.

"Draco! He's making fun of me!" she screamed turning back to see the blond walking towards her.

"Oh, biscuits," he said taking one from the plate and giving it a bite.

"No if you can't catch it," Draco laughed also stretching his arm.

"How much d'you think she is gonna last?" laughed Fred turning to look at Draco still with his arm stretched.

"Maybe five minutes," Draco laughed, "before she starts crying."

And Fred laughed harder. She yearned not to feel again... She wished she could rip out her heart, her innards, everything that was screaming inside her... Be numb again and froze all she felt...The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall.   "Freddie..."It had been a breath she didn't know was holding. The tears started running down again, silently, escaping her eyes and cleaning her cheeks.Her feet guide her towards the man who once had made her laugh until dawn and even more. To the man who had been her best friend and did tons of mischiefs with without being discovered.She kneeled at the feet of Fred Weasley, seeing the memories pass in front of her eyes like a cloud of smoke that fades away if you blink.She can't — Can't believe — It must — It must be a joke..."Wake up," she ordered in a whisper before a ragged gasp followed by a sob left her mouth. "Fred, wake up..."Maybe she thinks she is a sort of goddess, but her brain just keeps sending signals for her mouth to say those things. Trying to revive him.But she can't. She isn't a goddess. She cannot bring him back.She feels Lhu's arms surrounding her neck and she is unconsciously slowly surrounding her torso too."I'm so sorry..." she mumbled.She doesn't know what else to say. Feels guilty because she cannot bring him back to life and hear him laugh one more time.Doesn't know what to do. So she did nothing. Because when it comes to the soft veil of death enveloping and whispering in one's ear as it charges you between its arms, sometimes nothing is all a breathing being can do.She isn't crying, just shedding tears silently and closing her eyes tightly when Lhu's embrace around her becomes even tightener as she sobs and muffles her screams on her clothes.When she stands up, after good ten minutes of trying to process what happened, she hugs Molly with all her strength and then goes for George and the rest of the family. Fleur left two kisses on her cheek before saying how much she had missed her.Leevanna, still in a sort of shock, walked towards her lover.Her eyes caught Pansy embracing Lhu tightly and whispering understandable things. Theo was talking with George and Blaise. Luna was hugging Molly.   "Leave.""What?" Draco frowns and she ups her gaze at him. Blue-grey and green find each other."Leave," she says again. "Now.""I am not leaving," he says. Incapable of understanding what the fuck he is hearing and why she is saying those things."I am not risking losing you.""And I am not risking letting you fight alone."Both are face to face, he is frowning and she keeps that face of serenity with a thin sheet of anger."You are going to leave," she says — orders. "You are going to get out of here and go to a place where you are safe.""Didn't you hear me?" he asks. "I am not getting out of here and less letting you fight for your own."She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath."I am not saying it again, Draco," her eyes remained closed. "Leave, now.""I'm the one repeating you, then," he says. "I am not leaving," his eyes look away for a second before returning to her. "I am not leaving you.""Goddammit," her eyes opened. "Could you do what you're told for fucking once?""Could you stop saying stupid shit and being so fucking stubborn?""I'm not playing," she says clenching her jaw. "You are going to—""No, Leevanna," he cuts her off. "I promised to never let you fight—""To the same shit with the promise!" she bellows. "You are leaving," her finger pointed him. "I am not risking to cry your—""Well, I am not risking having people on my door saying that you died here," he frowns once again."Could you fucking listen to me fucking once?!" she shouts before an exasperated growl left her mouth. "I am not letting you die here!""And I am not letting you push me away!" his calm tone leaves. "I am going to fight with you—"   "NO!"The tears are falling once more, allowing ragged gasps leave the doors of her breath as her finger keeps pointing him. She is angry because he is risking his life for something he could get out of. He is being reckless and stubborn and stupid for wanting to be there with her."I am not—" she gasps, "—I am not letting you make me risk to lose you!"   "I AM NOT LEAVING YOU!"His tears had started to fall too, cleaning his cheeks and making his face acquire a rosy tone on his cheeks. His body hurts, but the physical pain isn't compared to the one in his heart for the things she is ordering him to do. Is she stupid?! Of course he is not leaving her, for Merlin's sake! He has left too many times and this isn't going to be one of them."Do you want me to mourn your death?!" they aren't talking anymore, they are fighting. "Do you fucking want me to lose you among all the people here and then find that you're dead?!""Do you want me to leave you here alone?!" they are shouting, attracting gazes. "Do you fucking want me to go home and die because persons showed up at my house saying that you died?!"   "I CANNOT LOSE YOU!"   "I CANNOT LEAVE YOU!""Fred is dead!" she gasps and a sob accompanies it. "Tonks, Lupin and Severus are dead!""Severus—? What—""Alyssa is dead! My mum is dead!" and she cuts him off with a sob. "Every fucking one is dying around me!" her finger keeps pointing him, though the two are closer. "All the people around me always end up dead!"She is crying.Tired of it, with physical and mental wounds that hurt but don't matter to her."And I cannot let you die too!" a ragged gasp finalises her words."I am not—""BECAUSE IF I LOSE YOU—" her eyes close for a moment before meeting his blue-grey oceans again. "Because if I lose you..." she says this time calmer. "...I won't be able to breathe again..." Then he desperately joined their lips. His lips smash against hers. It was one of those needy and impulsive kisses where the teeth clash upon the sudden and unexpected impact, taking you for a surprise, but it's fine because it's raw and completely intense; the most real of kisses.Tell them about real and raw kisses. Then the unexpected happened: Draco took Leevanna's cheeks tightly before joining their lips together.

Both had cold, marble lips. He pressed his forehead against hers still with his hands on her cheeks."You are not going to lose me, you understand me?" he says. Both have their eyes closed. "I made a promise to you years go, Leevanna," he continues, "and I'm planning to make it last forever.""You have to—"And he kisses her again. Loves to shut her up."I have let you fight alone for a long time," he says. "This is not one of those," and both opened their eyes. "I am going to stay here with you and fight with you.""And what happens if—""That's not gonna happen, you understand?" she nods. "If we lose each other among all those moronic cunts who keep staring at us," she chuckles, "then I will find you, because—""—Because you always come for me to save me," she finishes for him before flinging her arms back around his neck to kiss him again."Even in a war you are an insufferable pain in the arse, I swear to God," he chuckled looping his arm around her to keep her close."And you are an oxygenated prat," she smiled against his lips before catching his lower lip between both of hers again.Their lips were chapped, wounds and cuts on their lips that start to sting and burn, but they kept kissing each other. He needed to keep kissing her, and she was just as reluctant to stop."Okay, it's just me or anybody else is struggling with feeling uncomfortable, tender or turned on?"And both took off their middle fingers at Theodore's comment."Is there a moment when they don't fight?" laughed Blaise. "Salazar's soul, fifth year was the best.""Their yells were heard up to the Gryffindor Tower," George chuckled crossing his arms over his chest."That's what they do the best," sighs Lhu cleaning her tears and letting a laugh escape her lips. "Fight." ༄ He was lying face down on the ground.He did not stir but remained exactly where he had fallen, with his left arm bent out at an awkward angle and his mouth gaping.There were no cheers of triumph and jubilation at his death, but instead hurried footsteps, whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air."My Lord... my Lord..."It was Bellatrix's voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. Narcissa feels sick of her tone. Feels sick for even being there."My Lord..." she rolled her eyes when the voice of her sister called her beloved Master once more."That will do," said Voldemort's voice.More footsteps: several people were backing away from the same spot. Desperate to see what was happening, and why.Narcissa Malfoy remained on her position, feeling her husband behind her trying to approach but containing himself from doing it. She is grateful for that. None had talked after she said those things to him, but she knows he is trying to do so. She won't let him. She has held back enough and plans not to do it anymore.Voldemort was getting to his feet, she saw him in silent.Various Death Eaters were hurrying away from him, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort. And Narcissa thought that the twisted love her sister proclaims should be treated as a mental illness.Fucking disgusting, she thinks.The Death Eaters had been huddled around Voldemort, who seemed to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when he had hit Harry Potter with the Killing Curse.Both of them had fallen briefly unconscious and both of them had now returned..."My Lord, let me—""I do not require assistance," said Voldemort coldly, Bellatrix withdrew a helpful hand. "The boy... Is he dead?"There was complete silence in the clearing.Nobody approached Harry PotterNarcissa gave a step to him, wanting to be chosen by him for only this time. She had seen something that maybe it had been just her imagination, but she needed to make sure."You," said Voldemort, a small shriek left her lips when his finger pointed her. She had thought she did something wrong, but his next words calmed her, "Examine him... Tell me whether he is dead."Narcissa gulped and tightened her fist trying to control her trembling hands.Her soft hands touched Harry's face, pulled back an eyelid, crept beneath his shirt, down to his chest and felt his heart. She was breathing fast and her hair tickled the boy's face.She could feel the steady pounding of life against his ribs. She was right.She brought her face closer to the boy feeling her heart beat faster and faster."Draco and Leevy, are they alive?"The whisper was barely audible; her lips were an inch from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair shielded his face from the onlookers."Yes," he breathed back.And Narcissa could breathe again. She had been so scared for receiving another answer that she hadn't realised her hand over his chest had contracted; her nails were piercing him. So she withdrew.Knows that she must lie.The love of a mother does everything to protect her children. She is capable of killing for both of them.So she stood, turned her head and with a cold and neutral voice, she said:   "Dead."

—The colours of hope are

the last ones in become grey. It was nearly four in the morning and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their breath.The tears seemed to be frozen for at least that moment. The sighs had been released when eyes found their reasons to keep shining. Warm hands that held one last time now cold hands wiped tears and healed wounds. Death kept walking among the breaths, waiting to carry another soul.The Great Hall sparkled to proclaim be a factory crossed with a funeral. It seemed more a battlefield that the Viaduct Courtyard itself. It was a morgue. The battle between tears and hopes that lie under rubble and dust.Everyone was mourning, in different ways and better paths to release or shut down the pain seeing the lingering by the fatality line, immobile with shock and sorrow that would never be able to see the sunlight again.There were people everywhere helping and doing whatever they could do, contributing in any way that was possible. Luna and Pansy, for example, were helping Lee Jordan and Ginny Weasley to hand out blankets at the ones who requested them. Blaise, George, Draco, Dean Thomas and Percy were helping with cleaning up some of the debris blocking the double doors and the rubble in general. Lhu and Theodore next to Katie Bell were distributing food and water. Millicent and Adrian were helping Hanna Abbott to communicate deaths and the state of patients.The hand of help was shining like never before, all mourning but knowing they had to carry on, everyone was doing it, they couldn't waste any second.Leevanna had offered as a Healer, Madam Pomfrey had accepted and the green-eyed's skills in potions has been the greatest help lots of people could receive. Hopefully, before she asked what she could do, she had gone to the dungeons — her old room and the one she shared with Draco — and looked for all the vials of potions she had and could find. Pomfrey had been delighted and relieved because most of the potions were running out.Most potions required three hours to brew and cook well, so it had been a miracle Leevanna's mind was so bright. The Skele-Gro, Blood- Replenishing Potion and Wound-Cleaning Potion were the most important ones and she didn't waste time and started brewing various cauldrons to have enough. Draco had helped her in some moment, discovering that dosing the most injured patients with Draught of Living Death could downturn the process of death and kept the persons in an animated suspension until Leevanna finished with the potions. Barely they were ready, she used them until the last drop didn't exist.Leevanna was being an angel to everybody. Maybe a death one sometimes.She was running from there to here every second, her hands barely could hold all the things she had on them and her own wounds were waiting for her attention.Her help had saved half of the people who were in the line of those too severely injured to stand or even move. Her lips had said goodbye to ten and encouraged the half that was missing to keep fighting and live. She didn't stop for a second. She kept helping and healing all the people she could. It could be treating small cuts and abrasions on the victims, to treat major and several injures like amputations."She has her ankles dislocated for riding the dragon," says Blaise leaving the pieces of wood aside, "but she keeps walking.""She has always been like that," smiles Luna before handing another blanket to one of her Ravenclaw fellows. "She loves to help and do the impossible," she chuckled. "She always said that the impossible just exist in our mind.""She is stupid," huffed Draco seeing her kneel in front of another kind of stretcher to heal a Hufflepuff girl with a bleeding wound on her head.Lhu laughed. "Yeah, she is pretty stupid sometimes," she sighed taking more bottles of water to start distributing. "But that's not going to stop her.""She is Leevanna Vaughan," chuckled George, "nothing can stop her.""That reminds me," says Luna turning to see Theodore, "we have to heal your shoulder."Theodore nodded and sighed, the pain had been killing him slowly once the adrenaline touched bottom. "Oi, there's our new Healer," he chuckled seeing Leevanna running towards a box with gauzes and bandages."Hello, guys," she breathed taking the gauzes' boxes in her hands. "Anyone needs anything?""I need you to drink water," said Draco approaching her with an open bottle. She opened her mouth to protest but he put the mouth of the bottle in it."Rude," she said narrowing her eyes at him once she had drunk the liquid."Go, keep helping," he chuckled making her roll her eyes playfully before running towards more patients who needed help."Ready, Theo?" asked Luna sweetly taking her lover's hand, who was seated in front of her. He nodded trying to keep his muscles relaxed as the heat from her lover's wand began to tingle his skin and his eyes close shut, grinding his teeth.His shoulder slowly slotted back into place with a loud and excruciating snap that made him held his breath for a second."Merlin's fucking mother—" he said under his breath still with his eyes closed before releasing the air in his lungs when the heat stopped. "If I wasn't so bewitched by you I would probably hex you.""I know, Theo," the blonde eagle laughed leaving a kiss on his cheek."My mate here is a pussy, that's why he is starting to cry," laughed Blaise helping George to move a big stone away."I am not crying," said Theodore blinking several times feeling the pain slowly abandon his body to be able and move his arm. "Let's set your fucking arm on fire and see who you call a pussy.""Lovegood, please, control that hoe of yours.""Don't worry, Blaise, I will," chuckled the blonde girl taking off the broken hair elastic band letting her curls fall over her shoulders."Did you just called me a hoe?" frowned Theodore turning to look at her. Luna nodded smiling.And everyone was about to laugh when a deep sound similar to an explosion one resonated through the place scaring many of the presents, who covered their heads with their arms trying to protect themselves and the persons by their sides. All heads turned when a stream of shuts and voices made an appearance.A column had fallen."Where's Leevanna?" Draco turned to the place she had been moments earlier not finding her there."Fuck," muttered Blaise seeing various people trying to rescue a girl with black hair from the rubble."Blaise," said Draco between teeth when his friend's arm blocked his way, "let me walk."   "She has pulse you fucking imbecile cunts!"And a breath nobody knew they were holding leave their lips when Leevanna's shout was finally heard."That's it, she is not helping anyone else," Draco's voice came with anger and he set aside Blaise's arm to then began walking to his wife's direction. He had fucking thought she had died or something.Enough of helping and healing from her. He couldn't risk to lose her.Leevanna, almost falling from her instability, made a quick diagnostic over Parvati Patil's body as she held her hair with her hand to make it go away."I need Blood-Replenishing potion!" she yelled ripping Parvati's school uniform to have a better sight of her abdomen. "NOW, FOR FUCK'S SAKE!"Padma Patil got out from her shock and did what Leevanna was ordering to save her sister. The green-eyed girl took the vial carelessly and gave it to Parvati how she could before start reciting healing spells. Padma started shedding tears."Padma, Padma," said Leevanna turning her head to the Gryffindor girl still crouched down. "I need — I need to help the others, I need you to continue healing her."Padma nodded quickly and kneeled by her sister's side. "What — what I am supposed to do?""Use the Stamina Charm," ordered the green-eyed and Padma nodded again. "Look at me," she said staring at Padma's eyes. "She is going to be fine, you heard me? You are going to do an amazing job, yeah?" Padma nodded once more before grabbing her wand and taking air deeply to control the shaking from her hands.Leevanna started running towards the other side of the Great Hall."We have another!" said Percy passing his arms under a blonde girl's armpits while Dean Thomas held her legs."The whole column fell over her," said Dean leaving the girl over the floor when Leevanna arrived. "She doesn't have a pulse.""If they are not laid in that line," Leevanna pointed the path where the death breathed, "for me, they have a pulse."Dean nodded and saw her cast a diagnostic charm over the unconscious body of Hannah Abbott.Leevanna's tears started to fall when the diagnostic showed damage everywhere. She couldn't lose anyone. She had saved most of the people, she couldn't let anyone else die.Her hands shook slightly and her eyes fell closed before she recited the Reviving Spell. It didn't work. She used it again. No result. Instead of that, the barely existent pulse the Hufflepuff had, started dropping."Goddammit," she growled between teeth before taking air deeply. "Come on, Hannah," her voice came out as a plea. "Please."And she decided to use the Shock Spell over Hannah's heart. No result. Leevanna was feeling the knot in her throat and the air falling. She used the Shock Spell once more.Hannah opened her eyes and gasped.Leevanna breathed.Her hands started ripping her clothes and her view fixed on the dark purple skin. She had an abdominal haemorrhage. She took the dagger Pomfrey had used moments ago and made a small incision on her abdomen.The blood started sprouting."I need a new vial of Blood-Replenishing and Wound-Cleaning potion!" she shouted grabbing gauzes to stop Hannah's abdominal haemorrhage while the Hufflepuff screamed. "It's okay, Hannah, I'm working on it.""It hurts," cried the blonde girl trying to move."I know, I know," the green-eyed's tears blurred her vision. When she could control the bleeding a bit, she used Brackium Emendo to repair the blonde's ribs. Fortunately, it helped and didn't cause more damage.Hannah's pulse started dropping again seconds after she drunk the Blood-Replenishing potion.Leevanna started panicking.All of Hannah's systems started collapsing sequentially. Blood sprouting everywhere."Leev," and she closed her eyes hearing Draco's voice. "Leev is enough.""No," she said firmly and trying to think about another Healing Spell."Leevanna, Salazar's sake, I thought you had died there," Draco huffed. "Can you stand up?""I am saving someone's life, Draco," she said cleaning her tears quickly before examining the diagnostic once more. "I don't have time to be safe.""Could you—""Shut up!" and she didn't realise she had sobbed. The Draught of Living Death wasn't working on Hannah. She ignored Draco's growl."Fine," he sighed exasperatedly before kneeling in front of her. "How can I help you?""I — I don't know what to do," her voice trembled, trying to decipher what was wrong with Hannah. "The Draught of Living Death i-isn't working — I—""Leevanna," and she looked at him, "breathe and tell me the diagnostic."She let out a ragged sigh before taking air deeply."S-She had five left broken ribs but I fixed them, she has an internal abdominal haemorrhage," she closed her eyes. "She has a concussion on the right side of her head but it's not serious, the ulna fractured and her systems are crashing.""Did you check her sternum?" he asked grabbing more gauzes to try and stop the haemorrhage. His hands were covered in blood."Lugs are collapsing," she muttered looking at the diagnostic once more to review every tiny detail. "Is a pneumothorax.""How do you know so much about healing?" he frowned."It would surprise you how many books I've read and the amount of time I've spent in the hospital wing," she answered.He chuckled. "What more?" asked Draco using a bottle of water to clean the wound and not let the dirty infect it."She has..." she narrowed her eyes. "Costal cartilage one and two pierced, that's it," she grabbed her wand again and focused. "I haven't realised that I'm so fucking stupid.""You've saved the half of lives here, you're not stupid," he upped his gaze to look at her and she nodded before reciting Brackium Emendo as he used more healing spells to close the abdominal wound.But Hannah's pulse didn't raise and her lungs had been barely pierced. Yaxley poured more Dragon Tears in Leevanna's glass while she lit her cigarette.

"You're not so bad as a general," sneered the blond man making her laugh.

"Should I throw more daggers at you?" her eyebrow jolt up playfully. The man shook his head also laughing. "How's the submissive cunt of Thicknesse?"

"Did you know that using Imperius stops bleeding?" he turned to look at her. "The bitch's nose started collapsing or something out of nowhere and I just needed to say 'stop' and voilà."

"You just gave an idea for the meetings," and both laughed again. She didn't trust any of the Death Eaters at the list, her feelings towards them are no others than a bit of respect and human decency.But Corban Yaxley never lies.Hannah started convulsing.Do it."Fuck this shit," she growled. "Move.""What are you—""Move!" and Draco retired his hands observing her.Hannah's state was just getting worse and if she didn't act right now she would lose her Hufflepuff friend. She didn't want to lose people. Not right now. Not after Fred. Not after Aly.So she spoke.   "Imperio."Draco upped his gaze seeing her with a frown. Everyone was also staring at her, even the most convalescent patients."Stop," she orders and everything in the blonde girl's body does what she said.Yaxley was right. The Imperius Curse is helpful in a good way after all. The man just gave her the solution to save a life and he would never know."Stabilise lungs," she speaks again and fixes her eyes on the diagnostic seeing how they stop expanding and the pressure the air was putting also stoped. "Insert a needle between the ribs, Draco," she ordered and he conjured one with his wand. "There!" the blond stopped.The air started going out as Leevanna fixed her eyes on the diagnostic again. The abdominal bleeding was next."Heal haemorrhage," and Hannah's body started expelling all the dirty blood that was infecting her system making her skin return to normal colour. "Close."The small incision she had made started regenerating and only a minimum scar was visible.Leevanna stopped pointing her wand ending with the curse making Hannah's heart to start beating normal again, that is, she woke up. Draco helped her to stabilise herself while he explained to her what had happened.The green-eyed's gaze got lost for a second and her eyes plugged. She couldn't hear Hannah thanking her and Draco calling her name.She had saved her friend's life, why she couldn't react?And before she could fall to the ground, Draco caught her.He is always there to save her after all."Enough lives saved for you, little one," he sighed passing an arm beneath her legs to lift her and take her to a place where she could rest for a while.He had cleaned his hands before catching her, so he wasn't staining her in any way."Told you all she loves to do the impossible," smiled Luna before walking to get a bottle of water for her.Draco left Leevanna on a bench that was close before leaving a kiss on her forehead and start cleaning her. Though she was going to keep getting dirty, at least he could clean the blood she had everywhere and heal whatever wound she had.He casted a diagnostic spell and reviewed all her body. She just had her two ankles sprained just like her left wrist and a cut on her arm she had got Merlin knows how. The most important wound was her Dark Mark, that hadn't quit burning and making tiny drops of blood sprout around it. Draco's was the same.Compared to everyone else, she was easy.Draco started cleaning the wound on her arm delicately and then followed with her wrist.When Leevanna woke up it had been only five minutes out of reality. The thing was that she had woken up so abruptly that she had hit her head with the branch above her."Ow," she muttered placing a hand on her forehead and laying down again. Draco chuckled."For being stubborn," he said moving her wrist to see if everything was in order."How's Hannah?" she asked before letting a sigh escape her lips."You passed out and you ask how's someone else?" he raised an eyebrow."Move that I need to keep working," she said sitting down with care of not hitting her head again.Draco shook his head. "Is enough for you," he said. "Madam Pomfrey is checking on Hannah, she is more than fine, all the people you treated are doing fine.""Enough Salazar's mother," she pushed Draco's arm to try and stand up, but he pushed her back. "I haven't finished healing, there're a lot of—""I said that it was enough for you," his eyes met hers. "McGonagall and Pomfrey said you could rest, you've done enough.""But I—"Draco raised an eyebrow again.She rolled her eyes."Fine," she huffed reluctantly making him laugh before fixing his yes on her ankles. "How am I then?""I cured the cut you had and also your left wrist sprain," he sighed. "I'm going to heal your ankles now."Leevanna nodded turning to see the diagnostic hanging next to her. Everything was fine. Lungs, heartbeat, stomach and liver, ribs, no brain damage. She just needed to rest, Draco was right.Another sigh left her lips and she supported her forehead on the blond's shoulder, who instead of kneeling was crouched down. Her arms were crossed over her belly. Her green eyed fixed on him using his wand to reduce the inflammation of her ankles.Her eyes closed tightly when a sharp pain traveled all her leg."Sorry," he sighed moving her right foot in semi-circles as a massage. "That feels better?""You could be a Healer," she smiled after nodding. "You were pretty fine there with Hannah."He smiled. "You were the one who told me what to do," he said doing the previous procedure with her left ankle. "I didn't know a shite, I was following your instructions."She chuckled. "Indeed," she nodded. "Maybe I could be the Healer and you Minister of Magic.""I thought you wanted to be Minister," he frowned still looking at her foot."I had enough with the meetings," she huffed. "Maybe both of us could be Healers.""Whatever you want, Leevy," he said looking up at her. "Doesn't hurt anymore?""Not at all, Healer Malfoy," she sneered making him roll his eyes leisurely."Come Healer Vaughan, Luna has water and food for you," he said passing an arm beneath her to lift her and put her on her feet again.But she clung to him. Refusing to get down."No," she said with her arms around his neck and legs still encircling his waist."Everyone is going to know that you're a baby," he chuckled raising her a bit to hold her better."Don't care," she breathed supporting her chin on his shoulder to pass her gaze through the place to see the patients. "All of them are doing fine," she said."Thanks to you and your mental ideas," he answered walking towards their friends."Thanks to me using one of the Unforgivable Curses," her voice came out as a mutter. "McGonagall has said something?""Nope," he shook his head. "You were unconscious for five minutes, so is obvious she hasn't approached," a sigh left his lips. "You can get down now.""No," she said refusing to step on the floor when they approached their friends."Why nobody can lift me like that?" complained Theodore with a pout while Luna made braids with his hair."Because with you it won't be cute," answered Draco sitting down with Leevanna still on him."D'you think they would take points from me?" laughed Leevanna turning to see her friends. "I mean, I destroyed half Hogwarts with a dragon.""Let's ask Dumbledore," said Theodore without thinking so much of it.And the six Slytherins, one Gryffindor and one Ravenclaw contained their laugher."Oh, shite, I forgot," said Theo acquiring a crimson colour in his cheeks that made Luna laugh."He is going to wake up from his grave," laughed Lhu, "and say: fifty points from Slytherin.""And then he's going to give them to the Orphan," sneered Pansy crossing his arms over his chest."He'a going to give them to Finnigan," emended Blaise chuckling."Now I understand why everyone hates us," laughed Leevanna taking the bottle of water Luna was handing her."Take it from a Gryffindor, it was a good one," said George ending with a chuckle. "Let's hope nobody heard us.""After this I'm taking holidays," said Blaise.And while everyone keeps talking, Leevanna thinks about all the people who is about to come to continue with his war. People she had once trained to exterminate the side she is fighting now for, people she had once formed to be a little version pf the monster she hopped to be destroyed today. "And remember," she says resting her hands over the snake's head of Lucius Malfoy's walking stick, who was behind her, "they have been trained to kill you all, to end with you," she continues. "End them first." She had watched how they fought against each other at the state gardens of Malfoy Manor, she had watched them become monsters.She is grateful nor Liam or Ashton are there to fight. She didn't have the mind to even think about then getting hurt in the middle of a fight. "Each of you have a dagger with you," her voice firm as her eyes pass over all the people watching her. "If you cannot control your enemy, use it."

She is now a few feet away from a wooden mannequin.

And she throws her dagger.

"Directly to the heart." She was a monster.A monster fighting for the right side, at least. That was something good, wasn't it? She had changed all these years. She hopes she isn't a monster anymore."Leev?" she heard Draco's voice. "Are you okay?"She nods,,"Yes," and a sigh leaves her lips. "I just want this to end.""Soon, my life," he whispers against her temple before leaving a kiss. "Soon it will be just you and me.""Soon," she sighs resting her head on his before various footsteps catch her attention. "What's happening?""Think the party just started again," says Theodore holding Luna's hand firmly."A pity it would have to end soon," says Pansy."Be careful with daggers," warns Lhu. "I have saw them wearing a few of them.""Are you going to be okay, Lhu?" asks Luna."There is any Wrackspurts in my head?""Not a one," Luna smiles making Lhu repeat her gesture before holding her hand.And so they started to walk following the others.Leevanna could see the Death Eaters come to a halt metres away from the entrance of what was left of the Hogwarts castle. Even though daylight was bright, the ambient was still opaque and filled with mourning.She narrowed her eyes when her eyes caught a familiar body lying on Hagrid's arms. Was that—   "NO!"The scream was the more terrible because she had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound.Oh.It was Potter.Well, fuck.Soon the near crackle of another woman was to be heard, Bellatrix Lestrage had gloried McGonagall's despair.Her eyes drifted again among the multitude of people in black robes, no sign of the person who had taken care of her since she was an unprotected baby with no hope in life.Her heart hurt.More people was walking towards the open doorway, it was filling with the survivors of the battle and the already recovered patients Leevanna had helped to heal. They would face their vanquishers, and see the truth of Harry's death for themselves.Leevanna saw Voldemort standing a little in front of Potter's dead body, stroking Nagini's head with a single white finger."No!""No!""Harry! HARRY!"Ron Weasley, Granger and Ginny's voices were worse than McGonagall's; how unfortunate for the death to not being able to reverse and let the poor soul of the Chosen One call back their friends and significant other. Thecries acted like a trigger, the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eaters, until—"SILENCE!" cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upon them all. "It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at my feet, where he belongs!"Every pair of eyes saw the Chosen One fall."You see?" said Voldemort, as he strides backwards and forwards right beside the place where once known as the Boy Who Lived lay. "Harry Potter is dead! Do you understand now, deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!""He beat you!" yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defenders of Hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more powerful bang extinguished their voices once more."He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds," said Voldemort, and there was relish in his voice for the lie, "killed while trying to save himself—"But Voldemort broke off: a scuffle was heard next to a shout, then another bang, a flash of light and a grunt of pain.Leevanna gave a small jump and held Draco's arm even tighter.Soon her eyes were aware of Lucius and Narcissa pushing past the other Death Eaters to the front of the line, stopping not too far from Voldemort. Darting her eyes at her lover, she saw his jaw clenching, he was watching them both — more at his mother than father — with his eyebrows low but with a collected expression. She knows he knows they have to think in an strategy to take out Narcissa from there.Neville Longbottom had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: his figure hit the ground, Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger's wand aside and laughing."And who is this?" he said, in his soft snake's hiss. "Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the battle is lost?"Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh."It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?"        You, bitch, says Leevanna's internal voice in a bitter tone."Ah, yes, I remember," said Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man's-land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. "But you are a Pureblood, aren't you, my brave boy?" Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing him, his empty hands curled in fists."So what if I am?" said Neville loudly."You show spirit, and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom.""I'll join you when hell freezes over," said Neville. "Dumbledore's Army!" he shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort's silencing charms seemed unable to hold."Very well," said Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most powerful curse. "If that is your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. On your head," he said quietly, "be it."And then..."Draco, Leevy!" called Lucius, then he cleared his throat. "Draco... Leevy..."Voldemort's eyes glanced back at Lucius before giving a complete scan at Dumbledore's Army until his cold, red, serpentine eyes settled on the couple.Leevanna could feel, and see in her mind's eye, her blood travelling up her bloodstreams. A dark current crawled its way up her spine as Voldemort's mouth stretched into a crooked, evil grin, but he tilted his chin high, defiantly. She was determined to confront the man who had wanted her and her lover dead with some semblance of pride."Well, well," sneered Voldemort. "Look who were indeed still alive. The one who proclaimed to be my successor and my right hand."Leevanna could feel everyone's eyes on them, Death Eaters and Dumbledore's Army, but they kept staring ahead, flicking their glares between Voldemort and the person who had saw them grow, trying to gauge the latter's temperament.Her jaw clenched."Stay there..." mouthed Narcissa."Come," called them Lucius one more time extending his hand.Draco looked at Leevanna.Leevanna looked at Draco.Both held the other's hand tightly.Few tears running down their cheeks.Both denied with their heads looking straight."No," said Draco with a knot in his throat.Voldemort grinned even more, "Now, now, what did I just heard?""No," repeated Draco firmly. "You want me to say it again? No.""Bad temperament, I see..." he mocked. His glance passed to Leevanna. "But sure we must hear your wife's opinion.Leevanna took air.She could feel her magic exploding like fireworks."There is more important things than power, Tom," she says looking straight at his red eyes. "What you offered me wasn't a life."Voldemort raised an eyebrow."Look at you... Depending in your precious Horcruxes" she says. "I don't want to be chained like you, I want to be free.""How moving your speech is, my dear Leevanna!" says Vokdemort after a second. "What do you think Lucius? Your son and who you said to be your child are between Blood-traitors, being allies."Lucius glanced at his lord, then and his son and Leevanna. He didn't answer.Voldemort crackled."Such a pity loosing two good allies," he shook his head. "But well... there would be time for that, now... Back to our business."Seconds later, out of one of the castle's shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half-light and landed in Voldemort's hand. He shook the mildewed object by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and ragged: the Sorting Hat."There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School," said Voldemort. "There will be no more houses. The emblem, shield and colours of my noble ancestor, Salazar Slytherin, will suffice for everyone, won't they, Neville Longbottom?"He pointed his wand at Neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the Hat on to Neville's head, so that it slipped down below his eyes. There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their wands, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay."Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me," said Voldemort, and with a flick of his wand, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames.Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: he must act—And then many things happened at the same moment.They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted towards the castle, uttering loud war cries. At the same time, Grawp came lumbering round the side of the castle and yelled, 'HAGGER!' His cry was answered by roars from Voldemort's giants: they ran at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. Then came hooves, and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise.In one swift, fluid motion Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him; the flaming Hat fell off him and he drew from its depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle—The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd, or the sounds of the clashing giants, or of the stampeding centaurs, and yet it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke, Neville sliced off the great snake's head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the Entrance Hall, and Voldemort's mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake's body thudded to the ground at his feet—And the Inmortal Orphan — who in Slytherin the Chosen one is called — resulted to be really inmortal.Then, over the screams, and the roars, and the thunderous stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid's yell came loudest of all.

what you go through.

Severus looked at her, incredulous. Was she serious?"Are you sure?" he asks blinking. "This... Thing... Is dangerous.""We have talked about it," she answers. "Yes, we are sure about the ritual."

"And you ask me... Now, when there is an eclipse so I cannot say no to your stupidity?" she nodded.

The blond looks up from the book to look at her before looking at Severus, "What happens to her if I die? What we accorded?"

"If you die," the black-haired man cuts off, "I will keep her alive, I will erase her memories about the ritual and you, yes," he nods. "If she dies, I will do the same with you."

"You are not going to die," she turns her head to look at the blond. "And I am not going to die either."

The blue-grey-eyed stares at her for a second, "I'm just taking precautions," he shrugs.

She sighs and nods prior to looking again at her godfather, "We are ready, let's do it."

And so Severus nodded and grabbed the gold-made candlestick to start walking and leave the Malfoy Manor library in direction of the terrace. On this day the manor is empty, the Death Eaters are celebrating how many Muggle-borns have they killed already. Narcissa Malfoy is sleeping.

The clear moon is opaqued by the clouds every now and then. It is full and very bright even though the sky is tinted by violet and red, a mysterious but calming aura surrounding bodies and gleaming eyes looking up. Dots of white start staining the artist canvas.

Walking under the captivating sky, looking at the vast expanse of the blazing stars, they are silent. His hands are not far from hers but yet she feels them so far away.

There is one star, similar to the others, yet, so different and unique.

Glowing passionately and standing out among the others, it was communicating in its own language, known, yet, so unknown to them.

When the moon is just about to cover completely the sun, both step in front of the other, just right under the brightness of their star that eclipse. The man in black clothes stands in front of them, taking out his wand to make a cut on their palms so they can join them and interlace fingers. He conjures three laces, black significant of their magic, wine red in the mean of pure love, and white, as souls are.

Soon, with a flick of his wand, he is creating a knot. The interwoven laces are folded and the arch goes down, then the extremes enter it before being twisted and each extreme goes to encircle their arms.

"We are gathered here this full moon to unite two souls as one to a single star," Severus's voice is as a neutral chant. "Do you Draco Lucius Malfoy and Leevanna Jullieth Vaughan join us here of your own free will, to acknowledge the eternal bond shared between you?"

Both nodded before their voices come together, "You hands I take in mine and with this rings, I will entwine, your powers I will forever bind, your life is now taken as mine, from now until the end of time."

"Here before stars as witnesses, Draco and Leevanna have sworn their lives to each other," starts the black-haired man again before holding his wand above their hands. "With this cord, I bind them to these vows, these laces are tied as now their souls commit to the other."

Even though now the laces are tight around their arms, they did not flinch in regret.

"By air and earth, by water and fire, so be you bound as you desire," continues Severus. "By three and nine your power I bind, by moon and sun in eclipse your will be done... Sky and sea keep harm from them," and the laces grow blinding bright in golden. "Cord go round, power be bound, light revealed, now be sealed."

The light of the laces slowly goes off as the moon leaves the sun to take her place in the now dark blue vault.

They are officially bonded. And she is fighting again.Air.A breath.A blink.Her wrist moves to make her wand flick at the thoughts of 'Protego!' and 'Expelliarmus!' to defeat the Death Eater in front of her who she knows is Rabastan Lestrange.Moments like this is that she regrets letting her dragon fly away, back to his home in Rumania, but she knows it was the best to do, her magic wouldn't be enough to heal all his wounds."Come on, you coward!" she screams blocking the jinxes he just shot at her. "Without the mask, my dear friend.""Says the double-faced one," mocks Rabastan. "Or am I wrong?"She laughs, "You never knew the second one," her smile is mischievous before fire appears on her left hand.With a quick movement, the green-eyed takes the fire near her mouth to blow it as if she was a dragon defending herself.And perhaps she is.Rabastan screams when the red flames start to dance thrillingly over him, burning first his clothes before starting to pierce his flesh until living it raw. Leevanna's eyes glister in fire before whiling around to block the spell someone just shot at her.Since the shout of war had been given, Death Eaters and Dumbledore's Army alike headed back into Hogwarts moments ago, shoving and ramming each other, launching spells at their enemies, and many tumbling to the floor.She had been able to feel her lover's hand slowly slipping away from her as they were buffeted in different directions by the thick and frantic crowd while they approached Hogwarts' main entrance. As being wedged between several sets of shoulders both had given they last look to each other she had tried to keep holding on, stabbing her fingernails into his skin to get a better grip before their eyes looked at each other for a fraction of second.Even though he was stabbing his nails back, she knew they were going to be ripped apart.And it went like that.From the deepest part of her throat, she had screamed his name multiple times before being pushed to the floor falling on he knees and hands prior to starting crawling to avoid being hit by knees and legs.There were barely any people left in the courtyard by the time she managed to catch a breath, but unfortunately, Draco wasn't between them; the giants continued to wrestle with Grawp and the thestrals, the vibrations of their thunderous quarrel shifting the dirt as she was still sitting on the floor with tears running down her cheeks and sobs trying to escape her throat.After repeating herself many times her lover and life wasn't dead and she still had a hope, she managed to not have an anxiety crisis right there and headed towards Madam Pomfrey to help her and several others to levitate the dead bodies and usher the injured to the antechamber behind the High Table, out of harm's way. The rays of light had caught her disappearing behind the door while levitating the last body that was Colin Creevey's. She knew the Death Eaters had found her and were looking for revenge because of her change of sides overnight.Little thing they didn't know was that she never was on the dark side, she was only being fake towards them. She was first indecisive about it, yes, but after finding out what Voldemort had done to her, she knew choosing the light had been always so bloody clear for her.She had noticed Madam Rosmerta and Ambrosius Flume nearby as she scanned the room to continue fighting against the dark side. At that moment she knew hundreds of other new fighters, mainly family members of her fellow students and the residents of Hogsmeade had come to Hogwarts to fight for the good.The Death Eaters were outnumbered now. There must have been at least three Hogwarts defenders to each Death Eater, but victory was far from certain; even though she had taught the young Dumbledore's Army Dark Magic and how to abuse it making it the least of their problems, most of the people didn't know Drak Spell or even correct duelling. The Death Eaters had had better training and that was obvious. Dark spells erupted and crackled all around her like rogue fireworks."Watch out, Leev!"She ducked instinctively at the familiar voice of Blaise Zabini, but wasn't able to avoid that the hot curse singed the tips of her black curls. Spinning around, she fired a Confringo and Levicorpus with a flick of her wand sending Jugson and another masked Death Eater she couldn't recognise before they could try to harm her again. Turning, she nodded her head in thanks to Blaise who was fighting along with Luna, for warning her.Now she keeps shooting jinxes and curses at any Death Eater her eyes could see, and they crumpled, not knowing how she could fight many of them just being by her own, and their bodies were trampled by the retreating crowd.Her eyes were searching for Voldemort, where that crazy fucking monster was.She feels arms around her waist, she fights, kicking the air in an attempt to free herself. Her wand has fallen to the ground.Soon her legs are tangling around the ones from who she supposes is a Death Eater. Her movement makes them both do a flip and fall to the ground, her head hammers at the hit, but she doesn't care, she searched for her wand and holds it tight, piercing her skin with her nails as if her life depended on it.And it does.Her body rolls, leaving her back against the floor before shooting a Transmogrifian Torture at the Death Eater from before. A quick moment later from her wand a ray of orange light shots directly to the masked Death Eater. She pants seeing him or her being sucked by the ground.She turns her head and sees him.The Dark Lord.Across the room, firing spells from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to the remaining Death Eaters as he sends curses flying left and right.Leevanna cast a shield Charm before getting up from the floor. She wanted to have her moment with Voldemort, just him and her, two monsters facing each other.Running towards the snake-like man who once made her believe she had killed her reason to live, while doing manoeuvres to dodge Death Eaters, her mind is going faster every second.She wants to be the Chosen One.The one who would destroy that fucking mental monster for good.But she isn't, she has to conform herself with having her moment with him, she knows.Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbot darted near the Dark Lord into the Great Hall, joining the fight that was already flourished inside it.She saw Weasley and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, a man she almost thought was Dumbledore Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, screaming for their son and her.She couldn't be with them at that moment, they would have to wait.Voldemort was now duelling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him.Now there were more, even more people storming up the front steps. Charlie Weasley, for example, was overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing his emerald pyjamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the families and friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight, along with the shopkeepers and homeowners of Hogsmeade.The centaurs she once had talked to, burst into the hall with a great clatter of hooves.Not very much time after her eyes saw the house-elves of Hogwarts swarming into the entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleavers, and at their head, with a locket bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his bullfrog's voice audible even above the chaos: "Fight! Fight! Fight for my Master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! Fight!", she found face to face with someone who almost made her shed tears."Mistress!" came the voice of her former house-elf, Maglor."Maglor," she said stopping in front of him, "what are you doing here?"Using his own magic to send a Death Eater away, he said, "Mipsy and I has come to fight in your name and Malfoy's family, Mistress!"She smiled, "Oh, my brave Maglor," her voice sweet. "But I am not your Mistress anymore.""You will always be," the elf smiled at her and her heart warmed. "Be safe, Mistress.""You, too," she says before starting to search again for the one she is been wanting to face.Leevannna sped between duelers, past struggling prisoners, and into the Great Hall.Not far from her were Pansy and Theodore fighting along against two masked Death Eaters Leevanna knew she had trained by the way they flicked their wands and acquired defensive positions. A bitter savour in her mouth feels raw when the memories cross her mind the second she realises there are no many differences between her and Voldemort. "What are you reading, love?" he asks placing his hands on her hips and leaving a kiss on her temple.

"About Horcruxes," she says closing her eyes when he started to trail his kisses down her neck.

His breath against her skin feels hot, "Do you want one?"

Her eyes got lost in the landscape on the other side of the window. Many new people who had to join the Death Eaters were being trained by Yaxley under Leevanna's instructions. There were also kids, the same age Leevanna had a few months ago, of course, these people hadn't been through an initiation, there was no time for it.

Did she want a Horcrux?

If she wanted one, it would clearly be also for her lover, so she would need two.But — did she want one?"We are going to be free," she says, voice firm. "We don't need chains." It still haunts her though, that she reached the point of thinking about having a Horcrux, about being equal to Voldemort.But having chains around her wasn't part of her plans since she got to free herself from the ones Nicholas Vaughan had used with her.She would be free.There is no monster anymore, the war is over in her interior, there is no more hatred between winter and spring.The monster isn't terrifying, there is no voice of it, no whisper, nothing. One that she couldn't beat for years. It's her. Herself standing in front of her. It is a familiar thing still, though, the thoughts of it, the memories. But those memories are part of her past now, everything is a sweet caress since the moment she realised there was no reason to be afraid of herself.She feels like the breeze on a winter afternoon. She savours the sweet, metallic taste that has crept into her mouth from some wound she must have.She has been in her garden, her happy place.Full of flowers. The undergrowth is green and tall. She can walk with complete calm. The sunlight is reflecting on it. Her hands caress the grass. The air makes her hair and white dress float. There are butterflies.A happy place, one she wishes becomes true when the war ends.A foot makes her fall face to the ground.It hurts. Every part of her body.She is so tired that perhaps her mind is thinking about giving up. "Again!" she growls.

This isn't going quite well, though, for being twelve years old this is pretty advanced hand to hand combat.

The silent professor who is training her starts the physical combat again, throwing not one but four kicks that she success almost flawlessly dodge before the Japanese man uses his arms to blocks her own.

"Isn't she awesome?" her ears caught Lucius Malfoy's proud voice, as if she was his own blood.

Nicholas Vaughan scoffed, "She is pathetic."

Of course, it isn't enough for him. And she has no other option but to prove him she can be even more than perfect.

Tears of anger pool in her eyes because of the impotence she feels right now. She is enough, she has to be enough, has to prove herself she can be enough for anything or anyone.

She uses one of her legs to bring her professor to the ground in a manoeuvre she had learnt the class before that one, but he stands up incredibly fast. Soon she is dodging more kicks and fists.

She cannot give up. She cannot cry.

 So she does.She tries to stand up with the help of her hands and arms in what seems to be in slow motion for her before being turned around by someone.Corban Yaxley, who she before had seen through the corner of her eye being slammed to the floor by George and Lee Jordan at the same time she saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick's hands and Walden Macnair been thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite, and slide unconscious to the ground.He had anger in his factions.She screams when he places himself over her body and takes her arms to prevent any movement she could make."You, filthy whore!" he yells near her face before slapping her across the face with such force that blood sprouts from her lips."Don't EVER call me a whore!" she yells back spitting at his face and trying to kick him off her. She cannot quit being so close to the Dark Lord, it is impossible to do it now, even if she wants it so fucking bad. She just wants Draco to come for her so the both can run away from all this hustle and bustle that it's so fucking dangerous. And, Merlin, she is praying for him to come and save her.But this isn't a fairytale, she knows it very well. Her prince isn't going to appear by her words.And she is a Queen. The Queen.She can defend herself very well, can't she? She is been fighting all her life and she will continue doing it, fucking always. For her, for Draco and for everyone else who wasn't free.She swears it, across her heart and hope to die.Freaking bloody hell, having a man on top of her preventing her to move has removed a few memories from her past that she didn't need to remember right now."Get — off me!" she growls sneaking her leg down the man's to kick him off her at the same time he tries to slap her. Even though he is physically quite old, he is strong... But she is so much more.Using her inner magic as if she was doing a whim, she lets it explode from the deepest part of her sending the man away before conjuring magical whips from her wand to start fighting again once she is on her feet after struggling. Yaxley gets on his feet, too and stars firing jinxes at her, she recognises them quickly and uses the whips to block their ways, she feels like a soldier, fighting for the liberty of her people. Quickly she ducks down when Yaxley shots fire from his wand, Leevanna fidgets with her wand and manoeuvres with the whips before using them to start hitting Yaxley, who uses his arm to cover his face as with his wand he tries to fire cruses at her. She thinks about Stupefy and the Death Eater soon is being pushed back by such force.But the fight isn't over.Yaxley uses Oppugno to send big stones of the rubble directly at her that she succeeds in block and convert in dust with a Shield charm before any could badly harm her or even kill her."We all trusted you," came Yaxley's voice in a bitter tone. "We respected you.""I do not want your respect," she says back blocking a jinx he had just shot. "I want the respect from the right side, the one I'm fighting for."He blocks a curse from her part before saying, "We were the right side, Vaughan," his voice still bitter and angry."You think that is a family, Corban?" she bites angrily. "Do you think Voldemort respects any of you? He doesn't even care if one of you dies today, he cares about being the one who will kill the Chosen one so he can reign, he is a tyrant with an insatiable thirst for power, he does not care."Yaxley fires a Confringo that she dodges easily with a Blocking charm before shooting another Stupefy merged with Oppugno so a few stones block the man's view."And do you think your pathetic side is going to win?" he growls blocking another curse she has sent. "All of you are going to die and if not..." he smirked maliciously, "you know what is going to happen." She is nervous to ask, but she knows she has to do it. She is curious about the subject, about many subjects speaking the truth.

"My Lord," she clears her throat drawing the attention of few around her. Draco is observing her, "I have a question — hope you don't mind."

He barely turns his head at her of the window, "What is it, dear Leevanna?"

"What if, hypothetically, we lose the war?"

So many eyes on her that have a curious but yet incredulous look in them.

Voldemort turns fully, "And what makes you think we are going to lose?" what it seems to be his eyebrow, raises. Curious.

She shrugs, "Just a simple question, my Lord."

He remains silent for a second before turning again to see outside the window.

"If we lose," he starts, "it would mean Harry Potter has ended with me and the majority of us... If that happens... We have discussed the plan."

Already discussed? Has there been a meeting and she wasn't invited?

"We have a contact outside the country who will help you to have access to a few of my memories," he continues. "With those memories, you will be able to weaponise your magic and create a Horcrux who will bring me back."

She frowns, "I thought, my Lord, that you needed to be alive to make a Horcrux."

"The soul is such a divine subject, my dear," she can see his smile across the glass of the window. "Does that answer your hypothetical question?"

"Yes," she says instead, "my Lord." They would weaponise her, now she remembers that little detail about the war.But if they weaponise her magic, they would weaponise Draco's magic too, they were bonded.And, sweet Circe, that would be a catastrophe.She growls and starts firing all the curses she remembers right now, the deathliest that is."Imperio!" she says and soon Yaxley relaxes before smiling in a dreaming way. "Tell me who is the contact and where is he hiding.""Alexander Offling," he answers immediately at her command. "He is in Canada, waiting for instructions from us."She ends with the curse and Yaxley returns to his body in a second before looking around in search of answers. His eyes soon find Leevanna's.Her hands grip the collar of his shirt tight and mutters on his face, "Nobody will ever weaponise my magic again, you bastard."She uses her head to hit the man and destabilize him so she can point her wand at him, a moment of silence in which Yaxley quickly recovers consciousness and is back on his feet, but before he could even search from his hand, her voice was to be heard.   "Avada Kedavra!"Her first Killing curse.Fired at someone she didn't care about but had her good moments with. Both were drinking Dragon Tears at the terrace of Malfoy Manor, it was half-past one and one of Voldemort's meetings was over, "There is this spell," he says after expulsing the smoke from his lips, "that conjures whips from one's wand, it is very useful for me, especially when the cunt is being rebellious."

She chokes a laugh letting the smoke escape her throat.

"I'm going to teach you."

"Since when so generous, Yaxley?" she laughs. "I'm having good sex every night, for your knowledge."

He laughs and denies with his head, "I accept that you have climbed and deserved the position you have right now, it is just a friendly offer," he shrugs. "You know, from Death Eater to Death Eater."

"Thought I was your bitch, Yaxley," she dramatises making him choke a laugh.

"That would make me a bitch too and I'm not," he says smiling. "Well, do you want me to teach you or not? The offer doesn't last forever, Malfoy." "See you in hell, dear friend," she mutters seeing his lifeless eye still open.She leaves the space they were fighting and goes back to her initial path.Voldemort was in the centre of the battle, and he was striking and smiting all within reach. At the same time the Great Hall became more and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced their way inside, she shot clear and made her way nearer to the snake-like man.He turned around to see who had dared to shot a ray at him from such a short distance, finding a smirking and willing to fight Leevanna Vaughan-Malfoy with her wand gripped tightly by her hand.The red eyes of the Dark Lord glistering with a sort of smirk across his face. He had been waiting for her as well.So she runs towards him.Dodging every Death Eater that comes for her, sliding across the ground to before her legs bring her to feet. She feels the dirty wind slamming her face, power emanating from her body.She laughs breathlessly, "Hello, Tom.""Isn't it 'my Lord' anymore?" he mocks before firing a curse at her from his wand, she blocks it with a Shield charm and success in dodge every one of the rubbles he sends to her at the thought of Oppugno.Shooting a Confringo and Stupefy from her wand, she evades every Death Eater that comes for her in her path to be even nearer the Dark Lord."I don't have a Lord, Tom," she smirks. "I am a Queen," and from her wand shots a green light directly to Voldemort.He evades it with a flick of his wand and makes his way to be near her. With what it seems to be Fiendfyre, he blows the flames towards Leevanna. She conjures a ring of fire and merges both to then direct the fire towards Voldemort. Both start shooting curses left and right while blocking the ones that go towards them. Leevanna conjures black ice from her hands at the thought of the Ice curse and makes it explode in little pieces with the shape of diamonds. Voldemort uses again Fiendfyre and melts the ice she sents after a few of them cut his snake-like skin. His red eyes glistering with the flames that surround both of them."You would have been great, Leevanna," he says firing a curse towards her, she blocks it. "Under my wing, you would have been so powerful.""I do not care about power anymore," she answers in a growl when more fire is shot at her. "I care about one thing only now... My life."With the help of another ring of fire, she shoots a green light from her wand that merges with the flames. She fidgets with her wand and sends balls of fire to her enemy until she is out of breath as she still blocks all the curses he sents to her."And could it be your dear life is someone?" his mocking tone makes a gasp leave her lips followed by a growl when his robes transform in similar things to tentacles.Draco.Draco."Draco!" she yells when one of the black tentacles intertwines around his body until he is unable to move. The blond success in free his mouth to yell her name. "DRACO!" she yells again firing a curse towards Voldemort for him to let her lover go. "Let him go, Tom! This is between you and me!""It seems that today I have many of those phrases to be heard," he laughs while his robes become even tighter around his captive's body."Leevanna!" he yells being lifted in the air.She runs towards the snake-like man in an attempt to kick him, but he evades her making her slid across the floor. She attempts again but it's sent to the floor when one of the tentacles hits her like a whip. She spits dust and growls against the ground before her inner magic explodes in anger sending black ice in every direction she is able to.Her body rolls and soon enough she is on her feet again, ready to fight again and win this time. She has lost so much already, she has lost every reason she could ever have, every single drop of happiness she could ever have before were destroyed by one monster she has already beat. Now she is fighting against a new one, the one who has had her under his spells for a long time before she realises she was able to beat this one, too.Nobody would ever play with her that way again, no one would ever steal something from her again. She would be free, and hell she will make sure Draco is by her side in every fucking moment."Don't you dare to touch him ever again! Incarcerous!" she shouts flicking her wand and finally succeed in trap all the tentacles making the one around the blond to free him without any other choice. Draco falls to the ground and quickly starts firing jinxes and curses left and right when the Dark Lord frees himself from the ropes.He searches from his lover's hand and holds it tight. She does the same, stabbing her nails in his skin as he does the same, it doesn't hurt, it is comforting feeling their skins against each other again.Around them, the battle continued, flashes of spells dancing across the walls, like it was a spectacle of magic. And how ironic is to say it, because, clearly, they are magical beings. Lifting her emerald green eyes to meet his blue-grey, they managed to steal a fleeting moment of eye contact and understanding before she felt his hand slide out of hers to hold her by the legs and lift her to throw her towards Voldemort. And, hell she is thanking her mother for making her train so hard in duelling and hand combat.With her ability, she manages to kick Voldemort on the chest and send him back to the ground. She lands on the floor and quickly puts herself on her feet to fire a Stupefy towards the Death Eater that came in his way to attack her lover. Draco conjures a ring of fire and shoots it at the two Snatchers that came to attack his beloved and adored wife.The Dark Lord narrowed his eyes at them and in a second a black smoke surrounded him to then make him disappear.And the voice in her head telling her that she needs to keep fighting to save her life, didn't stop her from running up to him and throwing her arms around his neck to hug him tight. Her nostrils were soaked in the perfume he used and still remained on his body. Draco froze at the sudden action, but circled her waist equally tightly to lift her off the floor and give a spin with her."Merlin, I thought I had lost you," she whispers against his clothes containing a sob and letting her tears run down her cheeks."I will always find you, my life," he whispers back closing his eyes before making her step on the floor again to hold her cheeks and leave a kiss on her forehead. She nods at his words and lets her hands touch his, to then kiss them with her lips.Salazar, she loves him so much.More than with my own life.She is the first to open her eyes prior to leaving a quick kiss on his lips, as if it was a Thursday morning and she was still in her pyjamas drinking her tea. As if he was late for work but still has time to compliment how good she looks in his shirt and she says she is going to see him later with a smile to then lean to him, put her hand on his chest and kiss him... Soft, kind of like a habit, a thing they have been doing for years and will continue doing for the rest of their lives. She then would continue reading some book he has gifted her and he would go to work like every other day, leaving with that aroma of hers impregnated on him."You okay?" he asks after leaving another quick kiss on her soft lips. She nods and cleans her tears before hugging him one more time to then just hold his hand. "Let's continue then."And so they start to fight again.Spells, jinxes and curses being shot from their wands because their dear life depends on it, they mostly work as a team and every time they split up, they search for the other once they are finished with their enemies to hold their hands tight. They haven't seen their friends for a good amount of time, but the hopes they are still alive become immortal once their magic merges and their souls activate the bond between them.A ray of green light passes near Leevanna that Draco managed somehow to block with a Shield charm before dodging one himself. More lights were fired at them making both ducks and split every second. Soon they were aware the rays weren't directed to them but to one person they knew pretty well.Theodore Nott.Fighting against his own father.The Slytherin eyed up at his father after evading another of the curses he was sending him.Moments ago his father had found him after Theo had gone back to the Great Hall after defeating two Snatchers who were trying to kill a Ravenclaw girl he had once snog with. His father had remained silent after narrowing his eyes while wondering Theo's territory as if he was a dog smelling if the place was safe.His wand had been aimed since the first second he saw his son protecting the ones who weren't part of the Death Eaters. Theo, not knowing his father was behind, had already been firing jinxes and curses left and right. When both looked at each other after one year of not doing it, Theo was the first to start pacing slowly and cautiously, knowing that every movement he made could be used against him, but never looking away or withdrawing his wandIn that year, Theo had been forced to use the Cruciatus Curse so many times that he didn't even remember how he could keep doing it, had been tortured two times with the same curse for saying it was enough when the Carrows were torturing a second-year boy from Gryffindor, had battled his prejudices, fallen in love after saying it was just one-night stand, fought in an ongoing war, and watched many of his house-mates die or be harmedTheo stood still when his father did, tapping his hand against his leg with a bit of impatience. He wanted to kill that monster and many others he had known since being a toddler that he had lost count already.The distance between them had been shortening every second but it still felt they were too far away from the other. They were miles apart. There was no loyalty, no empathy, no love... Not even the faintest hint of human decency for either side.All Theo could truly connect with was the ever-growing bitterness, swelling up inside of him like a tumour. A father should always fight for his son, be an image to portrait and mirror, but he had not even tried to be a father, Theodore was indeed sure his father hated him as much as he hated him. But it didn't pain him anymore — the lack of love and family warmth —, it was a bitter memory now, the happy ones were reserved for his mum, friends and beautiful witch he loved with his life.His mother.That bastard had killed his mother.When his father finally spoke, Theodore was certain that he was going to vomit."I thought you were dead.""Sorry to disappoint you," he had said calmly before shrugging uninterested."Shut up!" growled the man. "What the hell do you think you are doing, boy?""Do not call me boy!" Theo said. "I am not one anymore, I am a man."His father laughed mockingly, "You? A man? Ha!" he laughed again. "You are just a pansy like your fucking, filthy slut of mother.""Don't you dare to call mum that! Theo lost his patience. "You fucking landed your filthy hands on her! She is fucking dead because of you!""She deserved it!""She did NOT!" Theo shouted furiously. "She was the only one interested in having a son to love and protect! You didn't even try! Of course, I am more man than you."Theodore's father face changed drastically, "Don't tell me that blonde whore of yours is pregnant.""Her name is Luna Lovegood, and no, she is not," Theo denied but felt stupid for answering his question. "But I would love my son or daughter, you know?" he bit. "I would be a real father, one that fights for his family and the persons he is supposed to love.""You are pathetic, boy.""I am NOT a boy!" yelled Theo furiously. "I am not your anything anymore! AND I AM A MAN!"His father inhaled sharply through his nostrils, his nose wrinkled with disgust, "How fucking pathetic," he scoffed.Theo scoffed, too, "Look who talks about being fucking pathetic," he clicked his tongue and looked his father up and down. "So, what the hell happened to you? You look like shite,2 he laughed. "Could it be oh—so—wonderful leader gives a shite if you die?""Shut up, boy!" his father growled a shout.Theo's jaw clenched, "Are you deaf?" he barked. "I am not a boy!"His father's dry, dark chuckle filled Theo with repulsion "Ah, I had forgotten that you are 'a better man than me'," he mocked, but then his sarcastic smile fell. "Grow up, for fuck's sake.""I have grown up and you took NO part in it!" Theo's voice bellowed so loudly it hurt his own ears. "Did you not even tried to be part of my life?""You are nothing, boy," he spat. "And no son of mine would touch a Blood-traitor whore.""Her name is Luna Lovegood!""I know her fucking name! I was the one who gave the order to take her as a prisoner at Malfoy Manor!"Theodore had lost his temper at those words, and, since that moment, he had started to throw Killing curses left and right, the ones that almost hit his friends."Theo!" shouted Luna Lovegood trying to stop his wizard from killing innocent people. "Theodore!"And he stopped.Panting. Sweaty. Full of anger. Tears pooling his eyes."You fucking bastard!" he roared towards his father before shooting him with a Stupefy that send him backwards. The man hit himself with a wall behind him and, when he fell to the ground, quickly aimed his wand after spitting blood but leaving a thread going down his mouth."Do you want to fight?" his father said. "Let's fight."The spectacle began, rays of light colling with walls after being evaded, many coming from Theodore's wand managed to hurt his father, many times he used the Cruciatus Curse. Though Mr Nott didn't step back any second, did not even flinch or thought about withdrawing. Both, father and son, kept fighting. The adrenaline was pounding so hard in Theo's ears that he didn't catch the incantation spitting out of his father's mouth, but it didn't matter; Theo raised his wand just in time to disarm his progenitor with a fast Expelliarmus.His father's wand — still warm and charged — landed in his ready hand, and then he rushed forward, firing a spell to pin his father against the wall.He snarled back at him, and Theodore noticed the blood on his teeth."Are you going to kill me, boy?" his father scoffed still on the floor.Theo smirked, "Hell I am."And a green light was fired.Theo breathed.It was done, he had killed his father.He had revenged his mother.A tear fell and ran down his cheek.Luna Lovegood approached him and placed her hand on his shoulder making him turn his head at her."You are a man, Theo," she smiles. "A better one every day that passes."He smiled at her with sweetness and let her hand wrap around his wrist to pull him closer to her to then place a hand on his cheek and leave a soft kiss on his lips. She would be with him whatever that could happen, he knows it now, without any single drop of hesitation. He knows Luna Lovegood, the best girl in the whole fucking world for him, loves him no matter what. And, holy mother of Salazar, he is grateful she does it.Near the couple, Leevanna almost lost her breath when she saw the green light, she had thought Theo's father had been the one firing it and she had lost another person in her life. Sweet Circe, she had been so fucking terrified. By her side was Draco, who held her hand tightly and rushed to walk towards their friends to see what had happened.Not far from them was Pansy Parkinson and Blaise Zabini fighting side by side with Lhu Oneyl, whose hair was a mess and covered with white dust from the rubble.All of them still fighting for liberty. To grow up. Because nobody is the person they were when they started.

— My sun and my stars.

He was angry. More than that even, you could say. Furious. Full of hatred. Ready to explode. Like a volcano.

And maybe the oh-so-powerful Lord Voldemort should be more than furious. He should be going barking mad at this point for all the failures his entourage is being participants of.

First, it had been the scenario of when Lucius Malfoy let fell the prophecy Voldemort had been looking for to know what the actual hell would happen in the near future. Then the capture of many of his followers happened — fortunately, the inept of Bellatrix had been the only intelligent there to find a way to escape.

He couldn't say he was entirely disappointed by the Malfoys though, he was indeed very satisfied with their current results. His most successful and young followers were there, forming part of that family. The young Malfoy heir had even succeeded in killing the old man — and threat — Albus Dumbledore was. Obviously, it had been a cause and effect reaction. Threatening the little boy had worked very well. And he had his little toy to play with. Leevanna Malfoy (née Vaughan) was indeed a very good ally — poor devil who dared to be in her way. The girl was foolishly drunk in love and lust, but was very useful.

But then happened the 27th of July fiasco, when he himself and the Death Eaters had failed in capturing the Potter boy — where the wand of Lucius Malfoy had been broken into pieces. And then happened other things like Yaxley's incompetence and many more, but those were just little missteps.

This one though. This one was the most serious of them all.

The people present had not just been fooled like toddlers, if not they had let escape Harry bloody Potter having the bloody ability to perfectly summon him immediately.

Now Bellatrix, Narcissa, Lucius, Draco and Leevanna were standing next to some snatchers he didn't care about identification and the stupid werewolf, Greyback.

"Could you please tell me... HOW DID YOU LET HIM ESCAPE?!" he roared angrily.

And Voldemort could see Narcissa Malfoy give a small jump at the sound of his voice, her husband then placed himself in front of her and began to explain.

"The things were going well my Lord," he said. "But then Bella got distracted with some kind of sword the Potter boy and his friends had and decided to play with the Granger girl and—"

"'Decided to play'?!" shrieked Bellatrix. "She is a Mudblood, she deserved my punishment, my Lord! She stole the Gryffin-fool's sword from my vault!""I do not care if she is a filthy Mudblood or Pureblood, Bella!" the voice of the Drak Lord raised again. "You lot let escape Harry fucking Potter!""If Draco and Leevanna had recognised them—!"

"Do not put my children into this Bella!" growled an angry Narcissa. "The boy was not recognisable! They indeed identified the two others—"

"With your and your pathetic husband's help—"

"Do not dare to speak like that of my family—!"

"Enough!" Voldemort cut them off. Then his red, bright eyes proceeded to look at the young married couple. "Is that true?"

Draco gulped and then spoke, "As my mother said, not even six years of being next to him were able to help in recognising him."

Voldemort's eyes passed then to Leevanna.

"Draco is right my Lord," she answered. "My ability to recognise faces almost never fails, he was indeed very glamoured. We didn't know it was him until the end," she finished.

"That's why we didn't call you right away, my Lord," added Lucius. "We weren't sure."

There was a moment of silence in which the Drak Lord started to pace before saying, "You weren't sure," while nodding. "Well, you will be sure the next time."

"Is that right, my Lord?"

"Of course not Bellatrix!" he roared causing the woman to withdraw giving a few steps back with her head down. "You will receive punishment for this."

And he pointed his wand to Draco Malfoy, ready to cast a Cruciatus Curse. The blond fell on his knees screaming in pain for his failure. He could feel the blood boiling in his brain, collapsing in his ears and attempting to drain from him.

But before the pain could become even worse, all the windows in the room collapsed in one making all the tiny pieces fly towards the Drak Lord direction.

"We have a deal, Tom," came Leevanna's firm voice. She was now standing in front of her lover, who was being helped by his mother. "You will not hurt my life and I will protect yours."

The Drak Lord looked at her before passing his red eyes through the pieces of glass threatening with cutting his skin until he bleeds to death.

He lowered his wand with a neutral face.

Leevanna made the glass return to its original place, every window intact as if nothing had happened.

Her life was safe. Her sun and stars were fine under her wing. How does a volcano explode?The story of every volcano begins with magma. Deep within the Earth, it is so hot that some rocks slowly melt and become a thick flowing substance called magma. Often this molten rock forms in areas where ocean water is able to slip the Earth's mantle and lower the layer's melting point. Since it is lighter than the solid rock around it, magma rises and collects in magma chambers.One of the most common causes of an eruption is an increase in magmatic pressure. Magma contains various elements and compounds, many of which are dissolved in the molten rock. At high enough concentrations, compounds like water or sulfur no longer dissolve and instead form high-pressure gas bubbles. When these bubbles reach the surface. They can burst with the force of a gunshot. And when millions of bubbles explode simultaneously the energy can send plumes of ash into the stratosphereHumans are like volcanos.George Weasley got back on his feet after one Death Eater brought him down in combat, his wand aimed at the strange in front of him. Light versus darkness.The redhead was confused, he recognised the movements and manoeuvres the Death Eater made because he had already fought against whoever the ever-loving fuck was him — because it was clear it was a man — before and after Fred Weasley, his twin and another half, had been killed. He remembers it pretty well because he was the one who — with what he supposes was Bombarda Maxima or another more powerful spell — made the wall blast apart and everything to come down in the collapse.He remembered the cries from Lhu more than anything, how she screamed for her other half to come back to life while Percy was trying to understand what had happened. George wondered why that specific Death Eater kept finding his way to fight against him exactly, who was it and what did he have against George?Remembering he had still the wand of his twin in his pocket, he quickly checked if it was still there before continuing his duelling against the unknown Death Eater.He used a blocking charm to avoid being hit by the blue light fired by the Death Eater's wand and ducked to avoid another green light. Leevanna had warned them that the blue lights from the Death Eaters were a new curse Dolohov had created, he had not listened to everything but it was related with acid — George did not want acid dripping from his body to then listen to his lover's screams of desperation and distress again like a fucking song before joining his twin in whatever was after the grave.His wand was warm and charged, so he didn't waste more time and started firing curses too, with the hope of hitting the Death Eater that was so pawned in fighting him. At the thought of 'Confringo' he flicked his wand and then used a Shield Charm to protect himself from the rubble he had just made explode. He thought of 'Levicorpus' and 'Stupefy', but the masked Death Eater was more agile than him with those manoeuvres. When his opponent's wand fired a red light he used another Blocking charm before paying attention to how the Death Eater hold his wand.It was so bloody familiar... But he couldn't remember from where.Pushing his thoughts aside, he concentrated on firing more curses and jinxes and blocking the ones directed to him. How many bloody curses had Dolohov developed before the war? Leevanna had told them about all the ones she had knowledge about and their counter curses, but would there be more they had kept away from her? This one specifically had almost made a hole through him if he hadn't dodged it on time. Luck was by his side at least this time.Soon, without realising it by first hand, by his side was the person he had proposed marriage to one month ago and had lost part of her life today too, just like him.His gorgeous — and fucking badass — witch."What's he got against you?" she asked when the Death Eater chose to ignore her presence and just block her curses but still continue to attack George again and again, redirecting the jinxes Lhu sent to attack the redhead with them."I don't know," he breathed grabbing her arm to protect her from a green light that came in her way. The Death Eater seemed to hesitate from a moment after firing that recent Killing Curse, but recovered himself quickly and shot another one towards George. "Oi, what the fuck?" he exhaled exhausted from the duelling.And the Death Eater took off his mask.His wavy brown hair fell toppling his sweaty forehead as he frowned angrily. His shoulders going up and down on each breath he took. George had seen those almond-shaped hazel eyes before, just like those round cheeks and thin chin, but this chin was covered by a thick and brown beard. A large and pale face covered by sweat contrasting with the black uniform all the Death Eaters used to symbolize a whole movement.   "Father?" the brunette witch asked confused.       Sorry — what? was George first thought."Come back here, you stupid girl," the man ordered in an angry growl. His voice was raspy and deep, as if the liquor drank all those years had finally made effect. "Get away from that filthy Blood-traitor."Lhu fired a spell against her father, "You said perfectly well I wasn't an Oneyl anymore if I crossed that door," she fired another curse. "Guess what, papa? I fucking crossed the fucking door a long time ago!""Don't use that language with me, kid! I'm still your father—""I am not your daughter anymore!" she shouted angrily when her father fired back a curse against her and Geroge, who managed to get out of his shock to start protecting both of them. "You left it very clear! I can use whatever fucking language I fucking want!"Lhu's father, Arthur, shot another blue light against his own daughter and the redhead by her side. Geroge managed to conjure a shield before the acid could hit them."So that's how things are," said Arthur through gritted teeth. "I have no daughter anymore," and he shot a Killing curse from his wand that, in a quick manoeuvre, Lhu managed to evade before George placed himself in front of her."What is it with blood purity, y'all?" the redhead growled before firing a curse against the man to then use a Blocking spell to avoid being hit by the rays of light that came directly to him."Don't speak to me you, filthy Blood-traitor!" Arthur shot another curse against the redhead, while giving step followed by step to approach George, who was stepping back to avoid being reached. "You should not even be considered a Pureblood!""Don't speak to him like that!" and the Killing Curse she shot almost managed its way to hit the man in front of both teenagers. "He has the blood even purer than yours, Arthur! You have no fucking right to insult him!""I have every fucking right, stupid girl!" Lhu's father roared before shooting a red light from his wand that sent Lhu a few feet backwards to end up falling on her arse.She got up pretty quickly and rejoined her lover in the duelling against her own father. George put himself in front of her while casting another quick shield to prevent other of the many unknown curses to hit them. Then the redhead aimed his wand and, with a fast movement of his wrist, he succeeds in sending the Death Eater backwards with a Reducto."Why don't you fucking let her be fucking happy, for fuck's sake?!" shouted George avoiding the green light that came in his direction."How could she ever be happy with a filthy scum like you?" at his words, another curse was fired against George. "You should be dead! Just like your filthy twin! Both of you should have died when the walls blasted apart at my command!"And every fucking one of her father's words hits Lhu like a tsunami.Her rage and hatred were emanating from he body. The redhead was almost able to feel it being so close to her. He had just seen her as angry as right now a couple of years ago, when Lee Jordan took the star necklace that Draco Malfoy gave Leevanna Vaughan and she has around her neck, wearing it proudly. He remembers even the words she said that day. "If I am to decide who the fuck has the permission to touch her, I would choose him!" And perhaps she is not saying anything right now, but in the redhead's ears, her yell still stumps. "YOU ARE NOT BETTER THAN HIM!" Dear Godric, she indeed was more than furious that day. He even recalls Fred had to hold her because she was about to shot a dark curse against Lee before starting to kick the air and cry out while fighting to be released.   "YOU WILL TOUCH MY HAPPINESS AGAIN OVER MY DEAD BODY!"She had roared before firing Killing Curse followed by Killing Curse over and over again that her father managed to dodge flawlessly. Lhu was being reckless, George knew, but he could understand her, he wanted to do the same."Very well then," said Arthur with a malicious smirk. "Over your dead body will be."And he shot another Killing Curse against his own daughter before, at the thought of Oppugno, making the rubble blast in an explosion Goerge managed to protect Lhu from.Casting a quick Shield Charm the redhead managed to prevent the red ray of light that came against the couple. But before George could fire another curse, a slim and tall body covered his vision."You will not hurt my daughter any longer, Arthur!" shout the woman firing against her husband a Confringo to then think about 'Levicorpus' and flicking her wand."So you are with them, Aura?!" yelled the man firing a curse to attack his wife."I am in whatever side that would keep her safe... I am a mother above all," she said firmly before start batteling against the Death Eater on her own.And it could perhaps be that Arthur Oneyl had been Aura's entire life for a long time. After all, he was still her husband and she was still his wife — even though the wedding hadn't been exactly what she had always wanted and most of anything it has been an arrangement between families that never succeeded in becoming real love (because it was loyalty and respect) at any point.Aura knew her mind would not change overnight — she still doubted the side her daughter had chosen was the correct one — but she at least could try and listen to the reasons why it was the good side and the Death Eaters and the Dark Lord were the wrong ones.She was a mother first than a simple wife who kept all her bloody thoughts to herself and just only organised galas and assisted charities or auctions.Aura Oneyl Avery was more than an object. She would never be one again.She was a mother who would kill for her children. A woman who spoke her mind without caring about the rest and would protect her daughter from her progenitor if it was necessary.She knew Arthur would never understand, and that was his main mistake. He could not understand happiness — the happiness of Aura's little girl —, he had even killed part of her happiness. And not because it was weird or poorly seen in society.Having of being married to two wizards in many parts of Pureblood society in England — if not all of them — meant the witch was a more than powerful woman who could tame two men at the same time. Two makes and one female was the most common thing, two witches and one wizard degraded a bit the honour and reputation of the male in question — being claimed a proclaimer or sexism and male chauvinism was definitely not a good thing.Arthur rejected the union of the three — now two — because the males had been supposedly traitors of the sacred blood.And Aura swore to Merlin, Salazar and God she would do whatever to compensate that rapture of joy her husband had caused. She would compensate all the times she said no just because it was not the correct thing or behaviour. God, she would do whatever to bring back that happiness that had been yanked from her little girl this day.The witch blocked many of the rays of light that came to her and used two more Shield charms to prevent being harmed. Finally, after blocking three acid curses, she roared:   "Avada Kedavra!"And Lhu had never been so proud of her mum.Behind them, there was a grunt of pain, followed by the unmistakable, sinister chuckle of Bellatrix. The three of them whipped around to see Pansy wiping blood from her mouth still sitting on the floor before firing a blue ray of light with a flick of her wand and getting on her feet again. The black-haired witch was fighting side by side with Theodore and Luna, who were standing in front of three more people. Leevanna was casting a quick diagnostic charm on top of Blaise Zabini, who coughed blood while being held by Draco Malfoy, who dodged a jinx that came for him with a fast blocking Charm.Leevanna growled and blocked a curse that came in her way before placing her wand over Blaise's body to then think about a repairing organ charm. Bellatrix had hit him with a very powerful curse she didn't know the name of but figured out how to cure due to her knowledge in medicine.With a smug look on her face, Bellatrix Lestrange shot a curse at Luna Lovegood and then another at Pansy Parkinson. Both young witches managed to deflect the spells, but Bellatrix was so quick that they barely had a chance to retaliate with offensive magic.Lhu didn't hesitate and joined the fight against Draco's mental aunt in an attempt to defeat the sinister woman; she manoeuvred to evade a curse and started firing more jinxes. Her friends needed help.Hermione Granger then made an appearance and stood by the side of Luna Lovegood, who used a Shield Charm to protect the both of them. There was a tug of revenge in her gut pulling her towards Bellatrix Hermione maybe would decide to not admit, but the thirst of doing her the same the dark witch had done to her didn't seem a so bad idea. Fuelled by resentment and loathing that had been festering inside of her since the night Bellatrix had tortured her to within an inch of her life, Hermione could feel the heat of her anger in her cheeks.She lifted Bellatrix's wand as if it was her own and narrowed her eyes, battle-ready, and started to fight side by side with the Slytherin team who was being a shield to their friends."Didn't know the great Gryffindor Princess would be honouring us with her presence today," mocked Theodore before blocking another curse.Hermione chuckled and shrugged, "I have my ways.""Oh, how sweet," hissed Bellatrix through her teeth. "A Mudblood, a mental one and four Blood-traitors," soon another sinister cackle left her lips. With a slash of her new wand, Bellatrix caught Luna right in the stomach and sent her flying backwards about twenty feet away. Cackling to herself with unmitigated glee, she then whipped around and hit Pansy with a spell that seemed to knock the wind out of her completely before she collapsed to the ground, unconscious. Theodore went to help Luna, whose head started bleeding from the hit. Blaise, pushing Leevanna aside even though she was telling him to lay down, went to Pansy's side to make her wake up.Bellatrix stood there, flashing her jagged teeth with a depraved, sinister smirk.Hermione stood in front of her and shot a fast Confringo at the dark witch, who flawlessly avoided it with a simple movement of her body. She then cackled in leisure and started duelling against the hazelnut-haired witch who stumbled back when a curse hit her like a wave. Bellatrix aimed her wand at Hermione, whose memory failed her in making her recall every inch of pain she had suffered. But before the dark witch was about to use the same curse she had used with the Gryffindor Princess that day at the manor, a tall body dressed in black stood in front of Hermione."Leave her alone, auntie dearest," Draco said firing curse followed by curse against his aunt after placing himself in front of someone he would have never thought about defending before. "You have hurt Granger enough.""Oh, don't tell me you have fallen head over heels for this one too, my dear nephew," she laughed blocking every curse his nephew managed to fire at her. "Crucio!"And Draco fell to the ground screaming while twisting in pain."DRACO!" came a desperate voice from behind before a powerful curse was fired against Bellatrix. "Don't you dare to touch him, you crazy cunt!" with quick flicks of her wand she started to fire curse followed by jinxes and such to distract the woman who still managed to aim her wand against her own blood.But Bellatrix had a trick under her sleeve.Using an Expelliarmus, the dark witch disarmed the green-eyed and effortlessly retaliated with a curse that struck Leevanna directly in her chest and caused what felt like an electric shock to course throughout her body.It hurt like the bloody fucking hell, which made Leevanna release a scream that echoed all the Great Hall as she sank to her knees. Bellatrix then used the same curse to hurt Hermione Granger, whose screams merged with Leevanna's and Draco's.Aura Oneyl and George Weasley, who had been fighting against other Death Eaters, attempted to fight against Bellatrix, but the curly-haired witch sent them flying backwards.Bellatrix then turned again to Draco, Leevanna and Hermione, who were panting heavily on the floor from the pain. The dark witch cackled again and fired another Cruciatus curse against the three of them at the same time. But before she could cast the third one, a bright light clouded her vision."You will not hurt my children and Miss Granger again, Bella!" yelled Narcissa Malfoy standing in front of the group of teenagers to protect them from getting more harm."Cissy, what — what are you doing?" she asked, sounding almost exasperated. "She is a Mudblood! A-And two blood traitors!" she shrieked. "Get out of the way!"   "No."Bellatrix's eyebrows hitched up. "What do you mean, 'No'?""You have hurt my family enough, Bella."Bellatrix laughed, "Oh, please," she said. "Wouldn't you be talking about that little night I had with Lucius, do you?"Narcissa stopped using her shield to start firing curses against her sister, who blocked and evade all of them while laughing mockingly. Bellatrix started firing curses again as a sinister smirk decorated her face. One of the rays of light managed to make Narcissa fall to the ground."Don you dare to hurt my wife, Bellatrix," came Lucius Malfoy's angry voice as he fired jinxes towards the dark witch."How fucking precious!" she scoffed. "Even you have turned your back against the great Drak Lord, Lucius... Didn't expect less of you though, I have always known you were useless, just like your pathetic son."This seemed to increase the anger inside Lucius, because he started firing even more curses at her. Soon the battle was just between the two while Narcissa helped her children and the rest to get back on their feet."Miss Granger," Narcissa said helping her to stand up. "Are you okay?"Hermione, shocked by the action, managed to nod before Narcissa did it too to then stand again by the side of Leevanna and Draco, who breathed deeply before start checking on each other if any further damage had been done.Lucius and Bellatrix, both over a table, continued fighting.And Narcissa felt this thing when her husband stumbled because of a jinx her sister had shot at him. It was bitter and anger at the same time.So she jumped on the table too and started duelling with her sister.Rays of light colliding with walls and being blocked by the group of teenagers who had gone back to fight, contrasted with the big spectacle Hogwarts was giving since the night before. Bellatrix cackled one more time before manoeuvring to aim her wand towards her sister before firing a jinx that Narcissa missed by an inch. Narcissa growled and conjured a ring of fire over her head before shooting it against Bellatrix, who evaded it with a powerful Shield charm. Bellatrix then started firing Killing curses that Lucius and Narcissa evaded while still shooting curses against the dark witch."Goodbye, little sister," Bellatrix smirked before sending an Acid curse directly to her.Narcissa closed her eyes, waiting for something to come, but it never did. It was like an eclipse, everything suddenly went dark, but it wasn't darkness at all. There was a body clothed in black robes blocking her sight of Bellatrix, standing between them like a strong, defiant shield who will protect her.Lucius Malfoy stood as long as he could before Bellatrix lowered her wand and, with a smirk, looked at them both before turning to continue fighting."Lucius!" Narcissa cried as the body of her husband fell between her arms.The blond man twisted the less he could, feeling how the acid was going up to his body, burning every bloodstream and nerve he had, consuming his muscles and bones as if it was fire."You, stupid, stupid," Narcissa's eyes were full of tears. "Help!" she yelled, but the crowd was too loud. "HELP!"Draco and Leevanna quickly defeated their opponents and went to meet Narcissa and Lucius."Father," uttered Draco without being able to believe the man was dying."I — I don't know what to do," stuttered Leevanna casting a quick diagnostic and seeing how the curse consumed more of his body."It's o-okay, Leevy," the man fought to smile at her. "I had to protect the love of my life," this time the smile was directed to his wife before growling in pain. "Dra — Draco... Son, come here."And Draco did it the fastest he could."I am s-so proud of you," Lucius said and tears fell from Draco's eyes without him realising it. Lucius held his hand tight. "I am so sorry for all I have put you through," Draco denied with his head and gripped his father's hand even tighter. "You are now the man of the house, Draco... Take care of Leevy and your mother, please... Do all I couldn't.""Father, I—" Draco's eyes were full of tears. He felt so impotent right now. The blond had had resentment against his progenitor because of all the thing he had done to his mum and for putting once the Dark Lord before his family, but now... At this precise moment, he was just a scared boy, hiding under his covers waiting for his father to come and say everything was okay, that he would sleep with him that night after reading him a book. His father had made lots of mistakes, yes, but Draco loved him, almost the same he loved his mum. "I promise, father..."Lucius nodded and twisted in pain, "And you, my dear wife," his eyes opened to see his wife, "do you still love me the same?""I will always do it, my life," she smiled with tears running down her cheeks.Lucius nodded, "Y-you were right, y-you know?" Narcissa frowned still smiling. "I will be dead without you..."And he breathed.One more time, the last one.It had been a sight that hit Narcissa like millions of daggers."I love you," she whispered closing her husband's eyes before leaving him on the table. Draco was hugging Leevanna while looking up to not shed more tears.Narcissa wheeled around and stood up on the table.She evaded a Killing Curse by an inch and heard:"NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!"And she knew Bellatrix was hurting one more family. She had to stop her.Molly Weasley charged towards them like a robust runaway train with flushed, shiny cheeks and a split lip. Leevanna had never seen the sweet woman so furious. She was almost feral in appearance; a lioness protecting her cub and ready to tear off the limbs of anyone who dared to challenge her."Get out of the way, kids," she ordered, levelling up to Bellatrix. "She is mine."Narcissa ran towards the table the two witches were fighting, and, feeling all her emotions together, she started firing curses at Bellatrix while standing in front of Molly's sons and daughters to protect them."YOU WILL NOT HURT ANY FAMILY AGAIN, BELLATRIX!" she yelled stepping aside Molly Weasley. Bellatrix was chuckling again, cruelly and mockingly.The three witches began to duel, streams of angry light jetted out of their wands like wildfire. They barraged each other with curses, but it was obvious from the offset that Bellatrix was the more skilled dueller. She avoided Molly's and Narcissa's attacks with such ease, taunting her opponent between each curse she fired."You will stay away from our families!" retorted Molly.But then she stumbled, and Bellatrix fired a quick spell to knock Molly to her knees. Chortling with triumph, she began the incantation for the Killing Curse — the final blow — but someone else cast a spell to prevent the would-be murder.Narcissa, clutching her wand tightly, helped Molly to stand up before starting to fire more curses against her sister.Bellatrix missed almost every curse by an inch, and, with a concerned face, asked, "What do you intend to do, Cissy?""Fucking end with you," Narcissa said between teeth.And the duel between the three witches started again, but this time Belltraix was so in shock that many of the jinxes managed to make her stumble. Narcissa fired the first spell, and what followed was a blur of activity and a flurry of flashing lights. No more taunts or chuckles spilt out of Bellatrix's mouth as the two mothers bombarded her with everything they had, hitting their marks.Molly Weasley aimed her wand holding it tight, Narcissa did the same.In a fraction of a second, two rays of green light were fired directly to Bellatrix's chest."Never piss off a mother," breathed Molly."Or two," followed Narcissa's voice with an exhale before siling towards Molly, who reciprocated it prior to letting a breathy chuckle leave her lips.A loud, ear-scratching scream distracted everyone, followed by a loud explosion. All the heads in the room seemed to suddenly dart towards something in the centre. Draco protected Leevanna with his body instinctively.Someone cast a huge Shielding Charm to protect everyone in the hall before the spell could reach its full ferocity, and then there was a prolonged period of silence.A rumble of voices rippled across the room and then someone shouted, "HARRY! IT'S HARRY!"At the mention of the Chosen One's name, everyone's heart soared up into their throats. The cheers of the crowd grew louder."The Orphan is alive?" frowned Draco."It seems like it," answered Leevanna holding his hand to go and see what was happening.The green-eyed witch craned her neck and leaned forward on the tips of her toes, trying to see over the horde and follow their eyes to the commotion at the centre of the Great Hall, but it was futile. All she could see were the heads and shoulders of everyone else, blocking her view like a barricade of bodies. She cursed her short stature."I can see him," said Draco beside her. "I can see Potter."Leevanna's eyes darted to him. "I hate you and your giraffic stature."Draco smirked at her side, "You love me, love," he chuckled before tugging her closer and wrap his arms around her hips to lift her off the ground as he always did when she needed to reach something by her own. "Come here, short arse.""I see him!" she said with a bright smile. "I see him, Draco!"Draco didn't really understand why she or he suddenly felt relieved and almost pleased, but he decided it was because the future seemed brighter nowshe looked happy. And when his Leevy was happy she glowed like the fucking sun in summer though she hates it. Her hapinnes touched everything like sunrays and the blond could feel the warmth going up his body when her smile widened.Glancing to the side, Draco's heart hurt when he found his mother had moved away from his side and was meandering her way through the peopleothrough the crowd, searching a place. He know that she was going in the direction she had left his fathr's body to cast a shield to potect him. When Leevanna spoke, he turned his eyes back to her."What?""Potter is confronting the Dark Lord," she said, squirming impatiently in his arms. "Put me down. We need to get closer."Draco lowered her to the floor and the moment her feet landed on solid ground she pulled his elbow, dragging him forward and meandering them through the others trying to witness what was taking place. Being squezeed and wedged by the walking crowd, the blond struggled to keep up with his lover as she pulled him this way and that, colliding with several people along the way. But it was working; they were getting closer and Draco could hear the raised voices of Potter and Voldemort as the crowd hushed to listen."Oi, over here!"Theo ushered them over to a platform of debris near the centre of the Great Hall where he, Pansy, Lhu, George, Luna , Neville Ginny, Luna, and Blaise were all perched, watching the scene from their slightly elevated vantage point.Leevanna's green eyes darted to the floor to see where to step, and she found a pretty Four-leaf clover hidden between all the dust. A memory crossed her mind while climbing up the fallen bricks and crumbled parapets, her hand still clutches to Draco's, practically yanking him up there with her, stumbling with her desperation to see the exchange between Potter and Voldemort, and, inevitably, the outcome of the War. He was laid on the undergrowth near the pond of the State Gardens of Malfoy Manor with her over him, seated comfortably while leaving little kisses on his lips. He placed his hands on her hips and launched himself forwards to end up also sitting.

His hands rested on the grass by his side at the moment her hands found his cheeks and neck. His large and pale fingers caressed the undergrowth and soon conjured an specific small plant that wasn't very common.

He left another small kiss on her lips before showing her the four-leaf clover. Her eyes glowed in enthusiasm.

"How did you find it?" she asked looking the plant with such love and joy that Darco's heart melt.

"I made one," he shrugged. "For you."

Her cheeks turned bright red making him smile.

"Make a wish, love."

She closes her eyes and when she blows, the clover follows the wind even though there is no strong breeze. She looked up at her lover, who was staring straight to see what was happening.       Let him be free, and never let me forget him, please, is what she remembers wishing for that spring day."I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore!" everyone heard the umistakable voice of Voldemort shout."You thought you did," said Potter, "but you were wrong."For the first time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the walls drew breath as one."Dumbledore is dead!" Voldemort hurled the words at Potter as though they would cause him unendurable pain. "His body decays in the marble tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Potter, and he will not return!""Yes, Dumbledore's dead," said Harry calmly, "but you didn't have him killed. He chose his own manner of dying, chose it months before he died, arranged the whole thing with the man you thought was your servant.""What childish dream is this?" said Voldemort, but still he did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver from Harry's."Severus Snape wasn't yours," said Harry. "Snape was Dumbledore's, ask the person he loved the most!" he says and Leevannna raises her gaze. "Dumbledore's from the moment you started hunting down my mother. Ask Leevanna if you want."The girl, who fast blocked a curse that came in her way, bore her eyes into the red ones of thee Drak Lod. She shrugged, "Everyone here you thought to be yours standing by my side has turned their backs at you since a long time ago, Tom!" her voice raised for him to listen. "I hate to say Pitter is right, but he is and fucking sweet Circe his side will always be the correct one," her smile ws bitter. "Severus was Dumbledore's, Tom, listen to the Inmortal Orphan."And a burst of gasps echoed around the crowd."Did you really think that Severus would dare to put me at risk after losing the love of his life?" she continued. "Try using that brain of yours, Tom, Severus Snape fooled you, he had all planned since the beginning."Voldemort's red eyes glowing in rage went back to Potter's. "And you never realized it, because of the thing you can't understand," said the boy who should have died that halloween night at Godric's Hollow. "You never saw Snape cast a Patronus, did you, Riddle?"Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle each other like wolves about to tear each other apart."Snape's Patronus was a doe,"said Harry, "the same as my mother's, because he loved her for nearly all of his life, from the time when they were children. You should have realized," he said as he saw Voldemort's nostrils flare, "he asked you to spare her life, didn't he?""He desired her, that was all," sneered Voldemort, "but when she had gone, he agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worthier of him —""Of course he told you that," said Harry, "but he was Dumbledore's spy from the moment you threatened her, and he's been working against you ever since! Dumbledore was already dying when Draco finished him to protect the love of his life!""It matters not!" shrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt attention, but now let out a cackle of mad laughter. "It matters not whether Snape was mine or Dumbledore's, or what petty obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed them as I crushed your mother, Snape's supposed great love! Oh, but it all makes sense, Potter, and in ways that you do not understand!"Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder Wand from me! He intended that Snape should be the true master of the wand! But I got there ahead of you, little boy — I reached the wand before you could get your hands on it, I understood the truth before you caught up. I killed Severus Snape three hours ago, and the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny is truly mine! Dumbledore's last plan went wrong, Harry Potter!"There wasn't really time for Draco to react to the news, but he felt his fist clench, and his chest seemed to constrict. His relationship with Snape had been rather complex to say the least, but, nevertheless, the man had ultimately saved his life and Leevanna's — and he had protected them all this time — in more ways than one.Draco's hand gripped Leevanna's even tighter when he heard the fatal faith his also godfather had been thorough just to protect all of them. The blond understood a lot of things now, why his Leevy had arrived their room at the dungeons crying the day before and why Severus had asked her to go and talk to him.      Oh, my life, you will not lose anyone else today, I promise you."Yeah, it did," said Harry. "You're right. But before you try to kill me, I would advise you to think about what you've done... Think, and try for some remorse, Riddle...""What is this?"Of all the things that Harry had said to him, beyond any revelation or taunt, nothing had shocked Voldemort like this. Harry saw his pupils contract to thin slits, saw the skin around his eyes whiten."It is your one last chance," said Harry, "it is all you have got left... I have seen what you will be otherwise... Be a man... Try... Try for some remorse...""You dare — ?" said Voldemort again."Yes, I dare," said Harry, "because Dumbledore's last plan hasn't backfired on me at all. It's backfired on you, Riddle."There wasn't really time for Draco to react to the news, but he felt his fists clench, and his chest seemed to constrict. How should he feel? His relationship with Snape had been complex to say the least, but, nevertheless, the man had ultimately saved his life in more ways than one. There lied a debt he would never be able to repay. But those thoughts, like so many others, would need to be placed aside for later.Voldemort's hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, and Harry gripped Draco's very tightly. The moment, he knew, was seconds away."That wand still isn't working properly for you because you murdered the wrong person. Severus Snape was never the true master of the Elder Wand. He never defeated Dumbledore. He lied to you with the Dumbledore having two wands.""He said —""Aren't you listening? Snape never beat Dumbledore! Dumbledore's death was planned between them! Dumbledore intended to die undefeated, the wand's last true master! If all had gone as planned, the wand's power would have died with him, because it had never been won from him!""But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the wand!" Voldemort's voice shook with malicious pleasure. "I stole the wand from its last master's tomb! I removed it against its last master's wishes! Its power is mine!""You still don't get it, Riddle, do you? Possessing the wand isn't enough! Holding it, using it, doesn't make it really yours. Didn't you listen to Ollivander? The wand chooses the wizard... The Elder Wand recognized a new master before Dumbledore died, someone who never even laid a hand on it. The new master removed the wand from Dumbledore against his will, never realizing exactly what he had done, or that the world's most dangerous wand had given him its allegiance..."Voldemort's chest rose and fell rapidly, and Harry could feel the curse coming, feel it building inside the wand pointed at his face."Oh my God," Leevanna whispered, snapping her head around to face her lover. Her eyes were wide with knowledge. "Now it makes sense."He stared back at her, perplexed. "What?"Leevanna thought for a second, all the pieces coming in one together. Another riddle she had just deciphered. Another puzzle she had solved.She remembers, she had walked through the mind of Draco after he killed Dumbledore. She saw it first hand perfectly well. Draco had disarmed Dumbledore before Snape made his appearance."Who disarmed you that day at the manor, Draco?" she asked frantically. "Who was it?""Potter, I think so ," he answered. "Leev, what is—""Yes, yes," she muttered, distracted. "If Potter disarmed you and now is using your wand..."And she discovers something. Recalling the words she has just listened to.Dumbledore's death was planned between him and Severus. He knew Dumbledore was going to die. It was all there this time.Severus must have made up something to keep the truth of the true master away from the Dark Lord and that was the reason why he was now dead as many of the other fallen soldiers."You were the one who disarmed Dumbledore... Severus sacrificed himself for you..."They both turned back to Potter and Voldemort just as the latter lifted his wand, his arm shaking violently with intent. Potter didn't flinch, and Draco watched as the Boy-Who-Doesn't-Know-Death slowly lifted up the wand in his hand — his wand — and he understood."The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy.""Holy shite," he mumbled astonished.Blank shock showed in Voldemort's face for a moment, but then it was gone."You were master of the Elder wand and didn't tell us?" said Theo outraged."He is as shocked as you, Theo, he didn't know it, clearly," answered Pansy."But what does it matter?" he said softly. "Even if you are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix wand: We duel on skill alone... and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy..."Leevanna's rage made the ground beneath her shake slightly, but shortly stopped when a thumb softly caressed the reverse of her hand."But you're too late," said Harry. "You have missed your chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took this wand from him."Harry twitched the hawthorn wand, and he felt the eyes of everyone in the place upon it."I still cannot believe it," said Blaise shaking his head."Neither do I," mumbled Draco."So it all comes down to this, doesn't it?" whispered Harry. "Does the wand in your hand know its last master was Disarmed? Because if it does... I am the true master of the Elder Wand.""Holy double shite," murmured George.A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the sky above them.The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand:   "Avada Kedavra!"   "Expelliarmus!"Green and red collided in the centre of the Viaduct Courtyard with a horrendous roar, and the gust of the impact almost shoved Hermione, Draco, and the others off their pedestal. Shielding his wife from the blast with his body, Draco closed his eyes, feeling the heat of Potter and Voldemort's clashing spells tingle the nape of his neck. Dust and sediment rushed outwards from the explosion and into the crowd, shrouding them in rubble. Swiping away the dirt in his eyes with his sleeve, Draco blinked away the mist of his vision and looked back to where Potter and Voldemort had stood.His eyes caught how Potter, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the Elder wand in his free hand. The other, the right one, holding Draco's Hawthorn.Voldemort fell backward, arms pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upward. Tom Riddle hit the floo with a mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the whire the snakelike face vacant and unknowing. Voldemort splayed, the slit hands empty, was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Potter stood with two wands in his hand, staring down at his enemy's shell.He heard Leevanna inhale sharply as she absorbed the scene for herself, but that was the only sound to puncture the nothingness that had suddenly blanketed the Great Hall. One shivering second of silence, the shock of the moment suspended. For five heavy beats of Draco's heart, nothing happened. And then the crowd erupted.Everyone was hugging each other, many were around Potter, trying to hug pieces of him as the joy overwhelmed everyone. Voldemort was dead, he would never return to hurt anyone else."He won," murmuered Leevanna motionless. As if she couldn't express any emotion or simple couldn't fract well to the events."We won, Leevy," Draco whispered in her ear with a small smile.He knew that many times his little girl couldn't express her emotions or react to events like many people did. So he spoke again in her ear. Still a sweet whisper that was so reasuring for her as his touch and kisses.   "We are free, my life."And her eyes shine like tens of thounsands stars exploding at the same time. Her emotion and joy was so big that the sun seemed to get brighter everytime her smile became wider."We won," she whispered still smiling. "We won," this time a little louder. "We won, Draco! We won! We are free!"She jumps at him and embraces his neck with her arms as he belts his arms beneath her to lift her better. Her eyes closed and her nostrils smell the strong perfume her lover usualy uses. She doesn't realise but the dark mark in her arm of a snake coming out of a skull starts fading sos slowly that you may not notice right away. The beginning of a new life, freedom written all over the place.And happiness.Happiness is simply being fully in the present moment, where you dont think about tomorrow or the future and you dont think about the past, you simply breathe into right now and let go of the rest and do what ever it is that you wanna do right now and if you dont know what you want to do, then assume that what you're already doing is exactly what you want tp do and simply do it to the fullest with everything you have and trust in it without thinking, even if it is nothing, just simply do it and know that its what you want to do and enjoy yourself. It feels like being relaxed or full, like being whole in a way, where you're just satisfied. An easy example is after you have a good meal either with friends or yourself and you're just so relieved that all you can think about or want to do is simply lay down and melt into something comfy.Happiness feels akin to euphoric or ecstatic. Normally if a person has just lost a loved one or found out some very tragic news, it would be difficult to experience the feeling of happiness. Happiness is a feeling of joy but it does not last forever. There are happy people and unhappy people, depending upon the way that they view life and some circumstances. Falling in love is one thing that makes most people feel happy.Leevanna is happy.She is free.Draco is free.Narcissa is free.Her friends are free.Everyone is free now, free from the darkness and despair, the sadness and hatred that infests the world every day, second by second and breath by breathe. Like dust on a bookshelf.Near the happy black haired witch and her blond wizard, Pansy Parkinson and Blaise Zabini were kissing so passionetly that Thedore Nott said:"For the love of fuck and the sake of me, go to a room," his voice outraged as if he wasn't making a joke. Pansy took off her middle finger without stopping the kiss with her wizard."Don't bother them, Theo," came Luna Lovegood's soft and sweet voice, thing of her that fascinated Theodore. "We won, we all have to celebrate."And she took the collar of his shirt and crashed her lipss against Theo's, whose hands quickly travelled to the blonde witch's cheeks to craess them with his thumbs before bringing her closer.Lhu Oneyl sighed. Yes, they had won and it was motive to celebrate, but they had also lost. People, parts of them, emotions, breaths of life.She had personally lost someone. Her other half, or, in this situation, one third of it. She had lost her lover, her fiancé, her bestfriend in one day. And maybe other people had lost more than one loved one that day, but her lost overwhelmed her as if she had lost all her friends and family. It hurt like a bitch, indeed.But she had to keep living, keep breathing breaths of freedom and happiness.She had someone else still, someone who would love her and knew the kind of pain she was suffering that day.George Weasley approached her and surronded her shoulders with his arms. She, with her arms crosed over her chest, liberates one hand and intertwines it with George's, sighing again and closing her eyes at the moment her head lands on his chest and he leaves a kiss on it. Both looking at the bright and big sun.But maybe the sun wasn't as bright as it seemed.The remaining Death Eaters were prisoned by the Order of the Phoenix, but there was one, a young girl who was screaming and cursing everyone who tried to approach her."Try to fucking touch me and I swear I will kill all of you!" she says treathening the people surronding her with a dagger that had as a design a snake around the handle.The girl with dark brown eyes had a target, someone she hated now with all her remaining life but before saw as a god. Someone who had betrayed their side, who had been fooling everyone and everything, who had fooled her saying love was weakness when her body was full of that repulsive feeling.And she throws the dagger.Directly to the heart of her target.The vital organ for someone to live.But, in this escenario, someone has lost their mind.In the despair of blood and a Cruciatus curse, two lovers shed tears, speaking softly.   "Tu es la lumiere qui illumine ma vie, Leevy, I love you so much.""Have — have I told you your french turns me on?" she managed a laugh. He tried to laugh too, but the tears were to much. "Oh, love..."Another tear falls to a heart and one kind breaks in meltdowns every second.And she breaths a last breath of freedom, "Oh my dear, you are my sun and my stars... See you in the other life..." ;

And through his veins, the magic inside him travelled as fast as never it had done before. He could feel her magic too, dying in him only to merge again and become one with his system. Uncontrollable.

Her eyes closed, her pale face expressionless. No voice. No bright. No life.

She had saved him. That stupid girl.

His forehead presses hers as the sobs began to leave his throat. He can feel the other people around him, he can hear his mother crying just like Lhu and Luna, like Pansy. Just as heartbroken as he is, as he will always be.

"You are my Queen, love, I promise you, I'll see you in the other life," he whispered as low as he could do it before another sob made a sound.

With his arms, he brings her body closer to him and a ragged and louder sob leaves the depths of his throat.

It is similar to grey, like a mist around you, suffocating you while the air rasps your throat and the implores tear apart your flesh. Pain is smoke. A dark shade of grey. If it was a number would be an 8, because the shape of it, it is an infinite curve.

His pain is so enormous and so fucking unbearable that it leaves him.

As more he clings to her, the more the ground under everyone shakes violently. A strangled scream leaves his throat and the debris and rubble start to collapse. Another tear and the air becomes cold as ice, there is no more sun.

He screams against her head.

Because she is dead.

She had died between his arms.

He doesn't care, at all, if someone else dies today because his magic is out of control. He just wants to scream, scream until he has no voice, and perhaps he would continue doing it then.

With his eyes closed tightly, more tears fall.

And darkness is all he sees next.

 "Jullieth! Jullieth!""Hm?" the young girl replied without taking her eyes off her very interesting book."It is time for us to go, what the hell are you waiting for?""Coming mum!" she said before closing her book.When her mother left the room, she eyed her book once more and opened it to read one more line —   "Jullieth!""Coming!"Well, that last line of the page would have to wait.The hazel-eyed girl slid down the railing of the stairs and, when her feet reached the floor, she straightened her navy blue, spring dress. She was excited, that year she would be assisting Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, but first, she would enjoy the remaining of the summer holidays."Remind me again why can't we just Apparate or use the Portkey?" she asked arriving at the living room of the house. The curls her mother had were tied on a high but messy ponytail, as if she had just done it."Because your father likes to drive, sweetheart," the witch replied with a smile while still packing some food for the travel.Shortly, laughter was heard coming from the garden."I am a castaway, mummy!" said the little boy with hazel-green eyes. "Dad said I can eat all the coconuts I want!""Really? Your father said that?" the woman raised an eyebrow before shrugging, "I guess I would have to throw the pineapple then—""No!" shrieked the little boy going to hug the bowl full of the yellow fruit. "I want pineapple too.""So, we all ready?" asked a tall wizard clapping once before grabbing his wife by the hips and leaving a kiss on her cheek before doing the same with his daughter."All ready," the witch said smiling and using her wand to make everything fit.And so the family entered the car.The sun was bright that day, the breeze light as a feather and the aroma floating in the air carried the essence of the new flowers being born. Some could say even they could hear the birds singing their melody, or the soft whisper of the leaves covering the branch of the trees from the coming icy winter.Jullieth loved winter though, it was her favourite season of the whole year. The flakes of the snow were fascinating to her, she had studied their shapes and why they acquired them. Another thing that interested her about winter was the ice, the shapes and figures you could do with them with a little help of magic and creativity. Winter was also one of her mother's favourite seasons, she always said it reminded her of her sister.The girl with curly hair just like her mother, had never got to meet that sister she said to have — she had even asked her grandma Aura if she could show her a picture of her, but she had said she couldn't do it without her mother's permission.It was different though, with the brother his father had lost years ago in the Second Wizarding War. His name was Fred, Jullieth's little brother had the same name as a homage to him. Jullieth had seen photographs of him, she had his face memorised.She always wondered why nobody talked about her mother's sister as they did with her deceased uncle Fred. But, admitting the truth, she was nervous to ask and get her mummy angry or sad. Mentioning uncle Fred made her nostalgic, maybe that sister of hers had also died in the war, fighting for the freedom of millions of witches and wizards.Jullieth grabbed her Muggle phone that she had learned how to use many years ago, and answered the messages her cousins Halya Jordan, Elyse Nott and Freya Zabini, who were questioning her about what time would she arrive. Elyse was one year older than her and the two others had her same age just for one or two months of difference."Mum," she called, "how much is left for uncle Draco's home?"Lhu Weasley (née Oneyl), turned to see her daughter in the backseat of the car, "We are not going to his apartment, sweetheart, we are going to the foundation," she smiled. Jullieth loved her mum's smile, it was lovely and reassuring, like a hug. "And it is only thirty more minutes, tell Freya to tell aunt Pansy that she doesn't need to get her knickers in a twist," and she turned back to see her husband.Jullieth smiled and wrote what her mum had said, a second later and audio from Freya arrived."Aunt Pansy sends an audio," Jullieth chuckled before reproducing it.   "Get my knickers in a twist, you witch?!" came Pansy's voice in a shriek. "Are you telling me that, you neurotic bitch? And hurry up, slow arse, that Draco here has been drinking hot chocolate as if it was breathing."Lhu asked for the phone of her daughter and started recording her own audio, "Listen to me, you bitchy whore, who are you calling neurotic bitch, you mania-tic cunt?" Geroge Weasley chuckled. "And tell the blond ferret to stop drinking hot chocolate or I will kick his arse when arriving there."When the brunette gave her daughter back her phone, Jullieth and her brother were already dying of laughter until oxygen was necessary again. The conversations between the two old friends were always like that, and it was worse when they were with another of their friends, Daphne Jordan (née Greengrass). Aunt Astoria was also pretty fun to be with, but she wasn't a lot with them since she lived in France with her wife, Artemisa Burke, the two were owners of a well recognized Museum of Arts there. They had a boy as a son, his name was Adrien Greengrass-Burke.Pansy Zabini (née Parkinson) was a fashion designer in Italy but most of the time she spent in in London with her family and just travelled when necessary. She had two children with her spouse Blaise. Freya and Damian Zabini, who was two years older than the rest of cousins. Blaise was an Unspeakable at the Ministry of Magic and was very happy indeed.Daphne Jordan worked at the Ministry of Magic in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures next to her husband Lee Jordan, who worked in the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Both had encountered themselves again months after the Second Wizarding War and just teo months later decided to marry in Brazil to the have three children: Halya and the twins Pier and Prince Jordan who were the same age than Fred Weasley-Oneyl.Luna Nott (née Lovegood) worked on her own greenhouse selling all types of flowers and hand-made objects like jewelry, she also sold crystals Jullieth loved. The Green Lovegood House was the best greenhouse in all Europe, people from all the word came to see her flowers and buy them. Her spouse, Theodore Nott, worked at the British Ministry of Magic in the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes."Why is it bad when uncle Draco drinks a lot of hot chocolate?" Jullieth asked turning off her phone for a moment.It took Lhu a second to answer, "Because he gets all sugary with all that sugar he drinks," she chuckled. Her laugh was another thing that fascinated Jullieth from her mum.But she was very much aware her mother was telling her a white lie. She hadn't ever seen her uncle being more loving if he drank a lot of hot chocolate. Generally, he liked to stare at the garden or perhaps say if they could excuse him for a moment and he will not return until hours later with his eyes slightly red.Her uncle was her favourite of the five she had — counting Fred Weasley. She loved all of them, Lee, Theodore, Blaise and Fred, at the same level. But Draco was a different story. He had been with her since the moment she was born, he would read her a lot of fairytales and books about princess and dragons, or he would invent stories about a queen of the flowers. Her uncle had taught her to paint and write beautiful poems.She knew though, that her favourite uncle had some problems going on, nothing too serious, but maybe depression or post-traumatic stress. Perhaps also some anger issues.He was a Healer, he treated the children he had at the Flowery-Aly Magical Foundation for Orphaned Muggle-born Children. The blond always said he would never have children, but the ones he treated were as if they were his. Jullieth had never seen him with any woman and she was curious about that.When she was younger, she thought that maybe her ridiculous proposals of marriage were someday to become true and that was the reason why he wasn't courting anyone, but with the years she knew it was just a kid fantasy and a game for him.Draco Malfoy was a complicated subject, nevertheless. Many times her aunts, uncles and parents used Muffliato when they were talking in the living room of one of the houses."Sweetheart, why don't you and your brother use your headphones to see and movie?" Lhu asked with a soft smile. "There is a bit of traffic still."Jullieth nodded and she and her brother used their own phones to see the movies they would prefer. But Jullieth didn't put play to anything, instead, she faked she was enjoying something as she saw through her lashes how her mother used a non-verbal Muffliato. She knew the counter curse and cast it also non-verbally."Are you worried?" Geroge Weasley asked eyeing his wife for a moment before looking straight again."I mean, her birthday was just a few weeks ago, and the anniversary of the war also is a contributing factor," Lhu's head shook.Her birthday? Of who was her mum talking about?"But he has been a lot better, princess," frowned George. "And it is been thirteen years, maybe he is a bit nostalgic and all, but I don't think Malfoy is depressed again. He's been taking his medication, hasn't he?""Y-Yes, he is been taking them, I made sure of that," Lhu nodded. "But that doesn't mean he cannot relapse. You saw him the first years after she died, he was so bloody heartbroken and uncontrollable."George put his hand over his wife's and gave it a squeeze, "He is fine, Lhu, sure Pansy is just exaggerating and he has just drunk one, what's more, he hasn't even finished yet.""I just hope that you are right," Lhu sighed. "I miss her, too, you know? Every single day of my life, just like with Fred. She is still my sister.""I miss her, too, princess," sighed the redhead. "But nobody compares to Draco... Godric, that girl was his entire life."Lhu nodded, "They were soulmates, in this life and the next ones, that is what she always used to say."Geroge grabbed Lhu's hand and brought it near his lips to kiss the reverse of it, "I promise you everything will be alright."The brunette witch sighed one more time and nodded knowing her husband was right.And still, if Draco was depressed, she wouldn't dare to blame him, she had her moments too, when she couldn't even stand up from the bed and just wanted to cry and scream until her death was near to come. Life wasn't easy for anyone, after the war things had changed a lot for everyone.Lhu remembered a lot that day, she would never forget that 2nd of May of 1998, two years before her little girl was born. The brunette witch was so happy, she could say her happiness reached Saturn or even another galaxy. They were alive, and they had won. The Dark Lord was now just a bad memory from the past. From this day forward faith had a new face and hope was bright, shining like tens of thousands of diamonds lost in the depths of a treasure only few could reach.

She thought nothing could ruin that moment, nothing or anyone could yank from them the feeling of joy that fluttered in their hearts.

But what she didn't know that new face the near future brought after the winning, was not what she once dreamed of.

Lhu didn't have time to even react when the flash of the dagger's blade flashed in her eyes. It was going directly towards the heart of Draco.

And it happened in slow motion.

They had been kissing, they had been happy. Dreaming about that greenhouse fantasy a little witch of green eyes had always had. They had been in a bubble, full of love and bright looks to a second choice in the pocket of life. They had been, and from that moment on, they weren't anymore.

How it was, she doesn't know, how from the light she fell into an abyss of darkness, don't ask her. How that little witch's emerald eyes had seen the last shine of light in a day full of it, is better to not ask her.

Lhu saw her face pale as a paper when she saw for who was the dagger. Her body moved instantly, not given any time for the wizard in front of her to react.

Lhu hadn't been able to breathe. She hadn't even blinked.

One moment her other half had been smiling and the other was receiving a blade directly to the fucking heart. How was that even possible?

One moment she had been alive, full of emotions, dreams and hope, ready to a second chance to live her desired rest of life in this one, the other she was without the hope, lifeless, between the arms of the person who most loved her in this world and the others, saying words she wouldn't repeat and giving a last breath of freedom she wouldn't be able to exhale. Lhu opened her eyes.The memory of it was so fresh, so raw and it was so cruel.Every single time she closed her eyes she could hear her best friend crying and trying to make her lover laugh. Every time she could hear Draco crying his heart out, dying every second while ripping his throat apart with each scream and letting his lungs collapse.That day had been horrific. 

One single second in which everything came down into pieces of broken glass.

A droplet of blood dripping out her chest was the thing that brought Lhu back from her trance, that was the moment she knew nothing will be right anymore, nothing will be. Just like simple, just like complex, the thread of life not always is as tense as we want. Some scissors are sharper, cutting dreams, cutting hope, yanking apart from us a second to say goodbye.

Her eyes saw how she looked at her lover with an incoming gasp, full of the pain of having saved him. She saw how Draco held her in his arms until he was on his knees trying to not let her leave this life, trying to not lose her one more time.

"Leevy, Leevy," she heard Draco's voice calling her with a knot in his throat recently formed. "My life, please."

Lhu left George and ran to be by the side of her best friend, who was dying, with a dagger in her chest., "What happened?" and her question was so stupid, so ludicrous. But she didn't know what else to say.

"I don't know," he answered with tears coming out of his eyes. "Leevy, don't — want did you do, you stupid girl?"

The witch of green eyes managed to give him a smile, "I — I'm fine, Draco," she said. "I had to save you, you have saved me more times than I can count.""You should have let me die, you stupid, stupid," she was shedding tears too, trying to keep her sad and soft grin decorating her face. "Don't leave me, Leevy... Don't, please, I'm begging you.""Oh, love," she whispered placing a hand on his cheek, from the corner of her mouth a scarlet thread sliding down.

Lhu heard a scream near them and had to clean her teras quickly before turning to see what had happened.

Using the Cruciatus Curse against the girl who had thrown the dagger. The blonde eagle was crying too using all the magic she could to harm the person who had dared to yank a life from her. As the witch screamed and the Order of the Phoenix tried to contain Luna, the blonde asked a question.

"How dare you?!" Luna shouted angrily with tears coming out of her eyes. "How fucking dare you do that?!"

Lhu tried to stop her, but Luna aimed her wand at her before going back to her main victim. Her anger was incredible. It wasn't until Theodore embraced her from behind that she finally fell, on her knees to the floor while crying and screaming against the chest of her lover. Lhu shook her head slightly, trying to not think about Luna and how she had suffered after Leevanna's death. She would dare to say Draco and she had been the one who most hard the wave hit.For Luna, it had taken years before fully recovering from her cousin's death. Even after having her first daughter, she became even more depressed than before. Little Leevanna Elyse Nott hadn't been between the arms of her mother for a year or so.After using the Cruciatus curse she had crawled until she was by the side of her cousin, crying and saying: "Flowery, please don't leave me, you are the big one, you are my salvation, you are my favourite flower." Lhu remembered, how her best friend said to her everything would be fine, that she would be fine after she left, that she would be happy for her.Lhu knew not even her could comprehend Luna's pain, or even Draco's. Fortunately, the two blondes could do it and with the pass of the years, they had overcome the pain of having lost the person they most loved.But Draco was still a different case, he had been more difficult to deal with.She recalls how what was left from Hogwarts almost collapsed until being nothing but dust when Draco started really suffering. The brunette has still the images of the professors trying to repair the damage while the debris fell, the earth shook and the air became cold.After that, they had Stunned Draco, to then put him in a state of living animation for weeks until he was ready to stop making earthquakes happen. Lhu had had to explain to the Healers of St Mungo's that it wasn't his fault, he and Leevanna had made a soulbond, transferring the magic of the other into their bodies, but now that Leevanna was dead, Draco had to carry the weight of uncontrollable magic inside his now weak body.Lhu went to visit him every day, even still mourning two deaths, two parts of her soul missing. She talked to him even if he couldn't hear her, even if he couldn't answer her. Her voice broke most of the time, she cried and apologised for his loss, she read to him poems Leevanna had made that would talk about him and how enamored she was of him, the brunette also explained the canvases her best friend had painted and many times talk to him about memories they had together.When Draco woke up from his hibernation, he didn't want to see anyone, he didn't eat and just stared at a wall or cried inside his cell in St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries.There were times though, when he was uncontrollable, when he needed to go back to a state of living animation, when he was a danger for a recovering society again. It was painful, seeing him like that, seeing how when he woke up the shade of his sorrow ate his body, how he punched the walls and screamed for Leevanna to come back, for Lhu to leave him the fuck alone, for them to kill him.Many times Draco tried to die, to go back to his soulmate, to see her again.The extreme sadness actually causes the chest to ache with symptoms similar to a heart attack. According to scientists, the part of the brain responsible for controlling emotional reactions — anterior cingulate cortex — becomes more active whenever we are under severe emotional stress. This leads to many reactions. Chief among them are the stimulating of the vagus nerves, found in the chest and abdomen region, leading to a sensation of pain in these regions — heartache and gut feeling.Imagine you have this amazing thing happen to you, that makes you utmost happy and your first thought is to tell this one person which would make this new found happiness even more joyous and realizing that person is no more.That's sorrow. Never being able to share the happiest news of your life to the one person who mattered the most to you.It is when your heart is paining but it cannot be treated with any medicine. When you are so engrossed in pain that you forget happiness. You stop attending gatherings, feel lonely when you are sitting in a crowd, there is this constant pain that leaves you restless. It can only be treated by love and when you dont have that you learn to live with it but it doesnot pain any less after years even.It's heavy.Unlike pain, which is a dark kind of grey, like a msist, sadness is a suffocating tone of regalia. It makes your joints ache, your muscles throb. You hunch over under the weight of it.Some days it's dull. Some days it's sharp. But it's always there. It's like mud. Wet, heavy, sloppy. It's like slogging through a muddy swamp.Draco felt as if he was in a blank labyrinth that would never let him escape.Many times Draco was about to succeed in his task, but those so many times he failed."Draco — Draco, please..." Lhu used to cry in a beg, her hands against the metal of the door. Her heart hurting for seeing him with his back to her and his forehead against the wall. Not wanting to look at her. "Please, I'm begging you... Just look at me, please..."Her hands used to grab the bars and pull them to try and enter. She knew that he was so alone... She knew that feeling, she was still dealing with it everyday.It feels like being hungry when everyone around you is readying for a feast. It feels shameful and alarming and over time these feelings radiate outwards, making the lonely person increasingly isolated, increasingly estranged. It hurts, in the way that feelings do.Lhu had begged, many times before, for many things and in different situations and circumstances. But nothing had been like this.She hadn't been a very much spoiled girl, she used to have her moments when being a child, when her mother always tried to please her, but every child is like that, everyone has a little bad behaviour inside their bodies.She was used to knowing when to give up on something and when to fight for it.At that moment, she didn't know whether to give up or continue fighting. She was so tired all the time, she wanted to die too, to go and see Fred again, to see her best friend's smile and laugh with her at anything and nothing, she was heartbroken, too.Lhu waited, many times, for Draco to look at her again. She just wanted a look from his part, just a look that would tell her she needed to keep fighting for him to come back to reality, that they didn't need to die to be happy again.She cried, against the metal door, trying to keep her shite together while trying to keep everyone else's too. She screamed against her hand and begged for the blond to tell her everything would be fine.Draco wasn't fine at that time.It had just passed five months.Twenty-two weeks.One hundred fifty-three days.Three thousand, six hundred fifty hours.Two hundred nineteen thousand minutes.Twelve million, nine hundred sixty thousand seconds.Draco counted the days, it was easier to know how much time had passed since he wasn't with her.He was lucky that the Healers used to say what date was it every week, it made his task easier, more painful every hour obviously, but easier to know and count. Numbers were his favourite thing now, his reminder that she was real, that she still loved him wherever is that she was.The blond didn't like special dates, like Christmas or New Years, it made him angry knowing that there was still a world outside his cell, that there were still people who felt joy and love. He liked his memories though, with her in those days. When he had her.He remembered her eyes most of it, the shining light of joy in them, how she smiled. He saw her, standing under the snow in any country, smiling at him with that grin of hers that told him everything would be fine if they were together. She would call his name and laugh. It was slow, the memory, the ghost of her that haunted him. The sound of her laugh always made an echo in his head when he remembered that way. She would then extend his hand before he took it, trying to capture that moment that wasn't real but felt that way. Trying to steal a moment from the death to have her back. In her green eyes, there would be the reflection of the Christmas lights and New Years' fireworks.Draco would see the both of them, dancing under the snow, slowly, while colours illuminate the sky and they laugh before she hugs him by the neck and pressed her lips against his to kiss him softly, slowly, savouring every inch of his mouth.He saw her, playing the piano for him and saying she played horribly when her music was what kept him breathing. Other days his memory will be of them laying on the grass of Malfoy Manor, the flowers around them while she talks about their greenhouse future.The blond missed those days.And the worst was that she could feel her, he could feel her magic running through his veins while screaming to be released.There were times were he couldn't control it, times when the bursts of magic and ghosts of the memories were too much and it just left him.It wasn't pretty, it wasn't a thing he wanted to do even if it appeared to be that way. It wasn't his fault that it happened.Generally, he would cover everything in ice or flames of fire. He would too, if someone approached him and tried to touch him, asphyxiate them without even touching that person, the magic did it for him. He knew it was her, defending him from the ones who had him captive in that horrid cellar."He is dangerous," he used to hear the security people say. "He has killed five of my men already, that boy is a thread.""We cannot kill him," would say the Healer of that day, the magic doesn't let us touch him or even take a step closer without telling first we come in peace and with no other intention.""Then do something, exterminate that magic from him or I don't know."The Healer would sigh, just to explain for the fifth time the same thing, "He made a soulbond with a Salem witch, do you even know how powerful that kind of witches are? The magic inside him from the witch who he married, is intelligent, it thinks for itself, knows danger and safety, understands people, it keeps him safe and alive, feeding him from it, making him breathe, it is as if the girl lived inside him. If we dare to cut that, we would just create chaos."Why, if she lived inside him, couldn't he get her out just to see her again?He didn't want her magic out of his body, he just wanted to understand why was it so angry all the time, why his own magic was starting to be so fucking pissed off all the fucking time. He just wanted her back."Please! Please!" Lhu would scream while her hands grabbed the security guard arm to restrain him from approaching Draco. "It isn't his fault!" and the man would push her off him, sending her to the ground on her knees.The Healers would run at the place then, all with charts between their hands and yelling things. Draco would be sitting on the floor, his head down while trying to count numbers in his head to calm down."What do you think you're doing?!" would shout the Healer working on his case, restraining the man. Then his eyes would see two more unknown security men laying on the ground, burned to their death while being alive. "Who triggered him?""I told you that boy is a threat!" would the security man yell angrily while pointing Draco with his wand. "Nobody did anything!"Draco would then raise his head and bore his eyes into the man's, knowing he was cruelly lying.Those men who now were dead had been talking about how crazy the witch the blond married was and that was the reason he had now been there for two years and a week — most of the time in living animation. They had called her a mental witch who surely wasn't even that pretty to be in all this fuss."If you aren't going to do anything, then I will," had said the man before starting to choke while being suspended in the air."No!" Lhu's scream would be ignored for him. His eyes still on the wizard who was choking. "Draco! Stop it!"But he would not listen to her.The seconds would pass then.One... Two... Three... Four... Five... Six —   "I'm pregnant!"And he would finally look at her.Lhu would breathe, would know she needed to continue fighting."I have almost four months," her voice a mutter. "It's a girl..."The security man would slowly start descending, would start to breathe again."I-I didn't know how to tell you... I haven' told George either," Lhu would continue saying. "I am so scared, Draco, so fucking terrified..." she would then gulp a gasp. "You — you are like the older brother I never had, Draco, y-you are part of my family, the one who always took care of me, Daphne and Pansy, even of Astoria when she started Hogwarts."And everyone would listen, because the blond would shed slow tears."I have missed you so much all this time, the nights at the common room doing karaoke with the guys," a laugh would break free from her lips. "The pranks we did at midnight, scaping class to smoke weed on the gardens."I miss her, too, Draco," she would gulp again. "Every day and every moment I take a breath, I miss her... I miss her laugh, her smile, her hugs, how it felt being close to her... I miss how pretty and smart she was, her jokes and even her tears... I miss her... I am heartbroken, too, Draco... But I need you, I need my brother because I swear I am so fucking scared without Fred and his funny comments. I miss him so much that it hurts even looking at George because I see him in his eyes... A-And I don't know what else to do because it is eating me inside feeling so fucking alone..."Her eyes had been full of tears that ran down her then rosy cheeks, she would get on her knees and crawl to him, just to feel him close, to feel that she still has someone by her side."So, please... If you are still in there, please... Just talk to me, Draco... Because I am alone and I don't want to be anymore..."He would look at her, a second or two maybe. Time had no meaning for him if it wasn't to count the days he had spent without her, how many hours had passed since death yanked her from his side."I miss her..." he would whisper and she would gasp before throwing her arms around his neck to bring him closer.Two years and one week without him talking and goddamit she had missed his voice, even if now sounded raspy and broken, she had missed it.She had hugged him that day, whispering that it was okay, that t hadn't been its fault but death. He had cried his heart out and she had listened, he had grabbed her with such force that he thought he would maybe break her.And since that day Draco communicated again. He would say if he was hungry or not, if he wanted a new room with a window to see the outside. He would pace in his room or perhaps read a book or two, he would also ask for a vase to put flowers. And he would see Luna Lovegood, most of the time they spent it in silence, but it was enough, they understood each other. Both sitting in chairs in front of the window of the room."There is a flower, you know, that brings joy to people," she would say and he would turn to look at her. "They are called Chrysanthemums," her hands would bring closer her cup of tea and she would sip it before continuing to talk. "They are often called mums" she chuckled. "Their fun blossoms can also convey loyal love, hope and cherished friendship. They're known to be long-lasting, low-maintenance and very affordable," she nodded. "You should ask for some."He would nod too before looking at the window again, "Did you knew Aquarius is one of the oldest of the recognized constellations along the zodiac?" he would frown and she would turn to him just to shake her head. He would nod, "It was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd-century astronomer Ptolemy, and it remains one of the 88 modern constellations," he continued before sipping his tea. "It is found in a region often called the Sea due to its profusion of constellations with watery associations such as Cetus the whale, Pisces the fish, and Eridanus the river. That should be the reason why are you so good with water magic."And Draco was, what you could call, fine in the place he was.Well, almost.The outbursts of magic continued, he didn't know how to stop them or deal with them. Many time he would end up hurt or with an intense headache that would last days.The Healers didn't know what to do, so they left him at his luck most of the time, just giving him potions for the pain afterwards.He wasn't as angry as before, though, he could feel it in his and her magic. He was just... stressed. Yes, that.Because he has lost her, because he had all and then most of her between his arms, some and bow he had none of her.And he doesn't know what he supposed to do haunted by the ghost of her.He loves her, he is who he is because of her. She is every reason, every hope, and every dream he has ever had. And no matters what would happen to him in the future, he will be always be hers.   And, oh, my darling, you will always be mine, his thoughts would say in a starry night. And there' is no more you,

uncountable jewels in the sky.Bright stars communicate,Listen to the tales of sky lore.

There is so much chaos

I am lost in the crowd.

But when I look at the sky,

I look at you, and how you gleam.

I miss you. My soul and mind do.

You have dared to bewitch mewith your star-like shine,

And I love you, I love you, I love you.

— Draco L. Malfoy.

After a few weeks, Draco took interest again in learning new stuff — he had a lot of free and wasted time, St Mungo's was a very boring place to stay a very long time. And Draco had been there for almost three years. It had passed a lot of time already.He remembered when his Leevy always said to him that he'd be a good Healer if he wanted to. And because she wanted to be one too. He liked that idea though, seeing her everyday using a white robe and treating patients with the carefulness she has always had with people with problems — with people in general, at least the ones she knew wouldn't reject her useful skills on every matter.The first days before he started doing that, he started to wonder why he wanted to become a Healer. Just because his Leevanna wanted to be one too after the war and both could live happily ever after — forever and ever, together —, wasn't reason enough to be one himself. He needed to do things because he wanted to. Michael had said that to him after losing his first child with his wife.So he started thinking about reasons why.The first one was obviously because he wanted to save lives, he wanted to do anything in his power to save one and not let anyone die in hands of no one — just like Leevy and thousands of other souls had done between the war years. He didn't like the veil of death very much if you dare to say. He had had terrible and horrific encounters and experiences with it, he pretty much hated it.Another thing was because he, although he couldn't demonstrate it now, liked the idea of being a safe place to children to come and say their fears or worries. He wanted to help the ones who weren't able to receive the adequate help in their homes. Specifically the ones who were orphans or had been kicked out of their houses.Few days after he had an idea. A brilliant one you must say.He would have a foundation. One which would harbour orphan kids between the ages of one to seventeen. They would receive good alimentation, education and, of course, they would be well-cared of by people who'd work for him.Then, he had another idea.Help the orphans who were Muggle-borns. Usually they were abandoned because their parents didn't want or didn't know how to deal with them anymore after discovering they were witches or wizards.Draco had a plan in mind, so he asked in the place he was if he could be handed some books about medicine and if he could have a professor to learn more and practice. First the people who were in charge of him blinked a few times before saying yes.His plan had started well, now he had to think about the money. Well, that wasn't a problem, he'd enough money in his vault... At least before the war. And he also needed to think how he was going to do so.When June started and the sun was already saying his goodbyes while the leaves were starting to turn like the sunset, Draco started seeing his Psycho-Healer, Michael, again twice a week.Draco hated the sessions, all he did was talk about that fucking horrific day until he ended up crying his soul and heart out and the magic exploded inside him like a tsunami making him have a fucking seizure.The session on his own birthday was odd. It was though, very difficult, painful more than anything.He remembers, all his birthdays, the ones he spent with her tangled between the sheets of his bed. How she smiled. "Happy birthday, Draco! Open your eyes!" Knows he would never hear again that phrase coming out of her lips. He knows it. But it is still difficult to accept it. "You like it?" she asked with a smile decorating her beautiful, angel-shaped face. "You once told me that you wanted to touch the stars, and well, I did my best." And the only star he wanted to touch and see every day, was her. The only fucking thing he wanted was her and her only. Nothing and nobody else mattered but her. All he did once and would do after, was for her. Only her.His star. His universe."How and what do you feel today, Draco?" Michael asked. The quill still.It was a good joke to ask Draco about feelings when he had suppressed them for so long. But after all this time, the blond knew how to identificate some feelings. Yes, it was a bit hard and overwhelming still, because his feelings were merged with the magic inside him, but he would try.Today... Today he was a mixture of four he had been feeling for a lot of time.The first was heartbreak. There was so much life left for her to live. More breaths of freedom for her to breathe. How could it all be cut so short? She was supposed to be a mother one day as she wished. And she would have been the best mum of all.Guilt was next. How did Draco let this happen? A person does not just go to sleep, experience something that makes blood come out of their mouth and nose, and simply die without showing at least a slight sign that something was wrong. If he wasn't so self-centred and so focused on himself, he is sure he would have noticed something was not right that day — that the calm was too perfect — and could have prevented this tragedy.Her Family. Lhu, Narcissa and Luna. Oh, dear Merlin. The three of them were still carrying the loss of their other half. She was such a good friend to both of them. And, dear Salazar, Narcissa had lost already the person she loved the most, and now she didn't have one of her children by her side. His little girl was the backbone of her little family. She was the pride and joy, and rightfully so, of everyone. She did an amazing job growing up. How are they ever going to withstand this?Finally, it was anger. He was never religious, exactly, wizards don't believe but are educated on it. Though he could never wrap his head around organized religion, he can't imagine any explanation for this remarkable world we live in other than the existence of some sort of higher power. If there is a God who has the ability to create life and take life, how could he take his Leevy's life? Why would he do such a thing? How could he do this when Leevy had so much life left ahead of her? How could he do this to her family that she meant everything to? How could he do this to her, who had just reached her complete happiness and freedom? How could he do this to Draco?These feelings were running on repeat throughout those six minutes in which everything had happened and were still doing it. This was only the foundation of what was to come — what would haunt him for a long time to come. He needs to emphasize that these haunting, lingering and unwavering feelings are the point he is trying to get across, but also the part that is most difficult to explain.The entire experience was more heartbreaking than he could begin to explain. He still feels guilt. He still feels anger. He is still heartbroken. But most importantly, he misses his soulmate."Like crap," was the only thing he was capable of answering before sliding his hands up his face. "I feel like I am about to collapse every fucking second."

Michael looked at him in the eye."Why do you feel guilty, Draco?"The blond looked up at him.How did he — that fucking bastard.Michael was a Legilimens, just like Luna, just like Severus Snape.Draco sighed, " I should have died instead of her, I should be the one who is six feet fucking under. Not her... She should be here, being happy, enjoying her life, not me," he said. "But then I think about how he would suffer without me and I feel worse because I wish being dead when that would hurt her."

"Why don't you tell me again about the girl who thrown the dagger?""She was part of the army Leevanna and I were training," Draco answers calmly, but there is bitterness in him when he remembers that witch's face. She denied with her head, "Fucking useless," she buffed. "Again!"

A particular girl of almost Leevanna's age was being literally smashed by two Snatchers. The witch was good with daggers though, Leevanna didn't have a problem with her in that, but when it came to psychical combat she was lost.

"Angelique," she called and the Snatchers immediately let her go. "Come here a second."

"I am sorry, I swear I'm trying —"

Leevanna shook her head again and stopped her babbling putting a hand in front of her. "You are going to watch something."

Angelique did what she was told and followed her leader to another part of the State Gardens, where Draco Malfoy was training part of the army of Snatcher who were brought from Rumania.

"I want you to watch the blond's movements," Leevanna said with her hands behind her back, her dark cloak making her pale skin become even paler.

They spent various minutes in silence watching how Draco dodged and evaded fists and kicks from his opponents. He was also using wandless magic to help him to win over the Snatchers, an advantage witches and wizards had. The magic inside them.

Angelique often watched her leader out of the corner of her eye, her eyes gleamed like no others she had seen when looking at someone.

"If you have a question, ask it, it is bad education to stare."

The witch's body went still and her face grew warm, "Sorry," she apologised. "D-Dou you — do you love him?"

"Why do you ask that?" Leevanna didn't turn to look at her.

"I've only seen Mr Malfoy look that way at Mrs Malfoy and vice versa," she muttered and heard Leevanna chuckle. while shaking her head.

"Love does not exist," she answered. "One thing is saying we love each other because there is no other way to describe it. What we have it's not love, he possesses me, I possess him, he is mine. He is my life, my soul, I would give the world and universe for him," she finally turned to see Angelique. "We are the villains here, or so the world sees us, the villains are not capable of love or so the oh-so-wonderful hero says. So we don't love, we live for each other."

Angelique looked at her with fascination. Soon the green eyes of the witch in front of her looked straight again, a blond guy walking towards her.

"Enjoying the view, are we?" he mocked looking at her with a smirk. He was covered in sweat and the sleeves of his black shirt were rolled up, he was wearing the pants of the combat uniform and military dark boots. Leevanna rolled her eyes and took a step forward when he tried to kiss her.

"You are all covered in sweat, Malfoy, go take a shower and — don't touch me with your dirty hands!" she shrieked when he left a kiss on her face. "We were talking about how love does not exist in the dark side."

"Aye, get that in your head, kid," said Draco looking at the witch with brown eyes, she nodded. "Love can kill you, living for someone is better." Draco sighed, "It wasn't our fault that she didn't understand the true meaning of it," he said. "We didn't mean to put her against love or whatever."

Michael looked at him again, "What do you understand by love, Draco? What is love for you?"He waited a second."No dictionary in this world can explain what love is," he started. "It can only be felt. It's an unusual, anomalous, irrational emotions that revolves all around the joy that one derives out of giving," his eyes on the window of the wall of his left. "Ill-logical as it is, love can even be evol, as you spell it backwards. To a person painted in it, love can a necessity, a state of satisfaction or could even be a prototype of destruction. To me, it's the emotion that matters," the blond could feel his memories coming back at him. "For me, love is Leevanna. She is my life, even though she is not here with me. Living — or love, how you prefer to call it — for someone is giving the world for a person, sacrificing it just to keep them safe. It is feeling the freedom the rules here in this world prohibit us. It is about living for that person, giving your soul, heart and mind, gifting your body to be cherished. Love is knowing the other person wouldn't mind killing for you or simply doing all the thing I said before, too."

"Have you ever killed someone for Leevanna?""Yes," and he didn't even hesitate. "Three Death Eaters and five Snatchers." He grabbed her hand and gave it an squeeze, "All is going to be fine," he whispered in her ear.

She nodded before gulping. A second later the door from the Borrow was oppened. Molly Weasley was first to be seen. The green-eyed witch raised her chin and gve a step foward.

"Mum? Mum who is it?" her eyes travelled to the stairs, from where Ginny, Fred and Geroge easley were coming down in a rush, shortly also Arthur Weasley made his appearence.

Draco placed himself behind Leevanna, his shadow opaquing hers. She raised her chin one more time and began to speak, "From this day foward, you will be considered as terrorist under the Dark Lord's reign, no communication from the exterior will be provided to you. And, if you're found guilty about hidding Undesirable number one, two and three, you all will be sent to Azkaban to receive the kiss from the Dementors."

"Leev?" George's voice was to be heard. "Leev, what on earth—"

"Do not speak to the Dark Lady, you Blood-Traitor," Draco's voice was hard and tight, clipped most of all.

"It will be better if you cooperate and tell us the whereabouts of Harry Potter," continued Leevanna.

"We — we don't know where they are," came Ginny's voice. Perplexed.

"As you please," her voice soft. "Draco."

Soon enough, all the Weasleys who were present were grabbing their heads or on the floor trying to recover from the invasion to their minds.

"Ouch, mate, what the fuck?" grunted Fred standing up again. "We told you we don't know."

"Just to be sure," Draco wasn't even looking at him. Fred frowned, he didn't know why his best friend was acting that way. He knew that Lord Voldemort had them indeed in their power, but Draco had never been like that.

Leevanna's eyes passed from Molly to Ginny and then the twins, "I will recommend all of you to respect and obey orders, It will make everything easy for everyone."

"Why are ya bein' so softie with 'em?" the raspy voice of a werewolf interrupted them making Leevanna and Draco turn their heads. "They're terrorist."

Leevanna arched an eyebrow, "Are you questioning my authority?"

"Your efficacy," murmured a Snatcher making the one by his side laugh under his breath.

The green-eyed's head turned in their direction before her eyes slowly narrowed.

Not but half second later two green lights were shot from a wand. Molly Weasley covered her mouth with her hand while her husband just made a line with his lips. The twins gulped and Ginny looked at the inert bodies before looking at the responsible for the action.

Draco, after lowering and keeping his wand in his pocket, held Leevanna's hand to attract her body closer to his. Nobody doubted of his Queen. The blond opened his eyes, his palms against each other and the tip of his fingers near his lips, thumbs under his chin. He stood up with a rare feeling inside him, arms crossed over his chest and gaze on the outside landscape."The other three Snatchers were when they tried to hurt her," he said. "It was after she beat them on a psychical combat in one of the practices before the war," he gulped, "I swore nobody would put not even a petal of a rose over her."He made a pause. Knows he had broken his promise the day she died because of a person who had misunderstood her message."I used Cruciatus first, before they almost punched her," he continued, "then, after a lot of minutes I finally used Orbis, a curse that sucks the enemy into the ground.I saw them beg for their lives, the reflection of hell in their dark eyes, how every second the ground opened even more, swallowing them in the abyss of despair and eternal suffering. And I was only holding her soft hand, smelling the aroma of her raven and long hair, my eyes fixed on hers. Three people were being swallowed by the ground and I was the happiest person alive because her eyes were on mine."

"And how do you feel about that?"Draco looked at him before turning to the big window again, "Now I feel like I felt that day, pleased there were three people less walking on this planet who were able and would hurt her without thinking twice."

The blond continued talking about how he had killed the other Death Eaters, these deaths because of asking of the Dark Lord, the half hour he had left with his psychologist.He didn't feel guilty for killing people in her name, he'd do it in this life, the ones before and the next ones he would have with her. He would give her the entire cosmos, and he would erase the entire cosmos if she asked him to do so. Everything for her and her only. Nobody could ever take her place or even think about that. It was impossible to replace such a work made by angels send by whoever entity is reigning the universe.Days later, the nine of June, was her birthday.That day he had miserably woken up after dreaming with her. How her lips say to him I love you. With his eyes filled with tears and the fears of the day, he refused to eat anything that day, he felt if he did so he would vomit everything, even his own digestive system.The session with Michael on her birthday was difficult, more than that even. "Malfoy, I have anxiety you know? I'm thinking about the millions of things you are going to do and—"

"We are already here," he chuckled uncovering her face. "You can open your eyes now."

"Are you going to run towards them or what?" he said raising an eyebrow playfully and keeping his hands in his pockets. She smiled at him and rolled her eyes before running.

"My children!" she said happily as she surrounded the dragon's neck with her arms. "Come here with mummy," she chuckled caressing another. The dragons seemed to be smiling too. He wanted to fucking die. "Mate, your girl is hugging the fucking dragons... What the hell," said the man who had brought them.

"Oh, yeah, she's their mum," he sighed. "They love her." Only to be with her, only with her."I-I can't," sighed Draco raggedly before passing his hands up his face. The weight of tears taunting him. "I know — I know I promised her..." the red spider webs showing up. "But I don't — I do not want to live in a world without her..."Draco was exhausted.He couldn't keep going. It was overwhelming. Too much for his tired being.He really wanted to maintain his promise to Leevy, he would never break a promise to her... But... He didn't know how to keep doing it. He wanted to, he just didn't know how."Draco," said Michael leaving his papers aside and placing his intertwined hands over his legs. "I'm going to call someone, someone that maybe would be helpful right now.""I'm not going to see another psychiatrist, Michael."The man chuckled, "I'm not quitting to be your psychiatrist, Draco," he clarified, "but I think you need this one, at least for today.""Fine," Draco sighed discovering his face and leaning his back on the armchair's support as his hand run through his hair."You can come in," said Michael turning his head towards the door, which was opened in that second.Draco frowned."Draco, I present to you, Georgia Hastings," said Michael. "Also known as my wife.""You are — were, Leevy's psychiatrist," said Draco still frowning confused. "What — Why are you—" Draco wasn't understanding a shite."How do you know I was her psychiatrist?" frowned the woman smiling."She always talked about you," answered Draco. "Insulting you most of the time," she chuckled. "But she always did.""I always talk about her too," the blonde woman smiled nostalgically."Why are you here?""I know about the promise you made to Leevy, Draco, and I also know that is very difficult to keep maintaining it," said Georgia taking seat sext to Michael. "But I have something for you, something that maybe could help," she smiled. "If you want to continue, obviously."Draco doubted for a moment but ended up nodding. He would do whatever to keep maintaining his promise."The sessions with patients, mostly with the ones who figurate in the DMS-IV and ICD-10, are recorded and sometimes filmed apart from being written," said Georgia. "Leevy's sessions were mostly recorded, I just have four or five filmed, but those are about dangerous behaviours and mostly trauma, things, I reckon, you prefer not to see," Draco shook his head. "Like I was saying, I had been talking with Michael and I think I have something that could help you to maintain Leevy somehow close and give you a way to keep your promise.""I'm not following," admitted Draco. He wasn't following not because he didn't understand the Psychiatric terms, he was a Healer — or was learning to be one —, he wasn't following because Georgia had confused him."I can give you the recordings of Leevy's sessions, Draco," the blue-grey-eyed closed his eyes frowning and slightly shook his head due the shock."Isn't that... Illegal?""Only if you're going to counterfeit them," she chuckled. "I have permission from the Psycho Confederation, everything is fine," she said. "Obviously I can't give you the ones talking about trauma and diagnostics in general, but..." she made a pause. "Leevy always talked about you," confessed Georgia. "I have a complete archive, file followed by file, only about you," she dedicated him a closed-mouth smile. "There were even moments when I thought I was your psychiatrist instead of hers."Draco saw her leave a small box on the carpet — no more than 16x16 centimetres — before drawing her wand to point the box and make it bigger. 40x40 centimetres exactly.He had become a master with numbers.It helped to relax his mind."Once, I remember," the blonde woman started, "I asked her what would she do if I told her that she could run away, or fake her death and never return, that I would take care of everything, hide her and such, at that precise moment," her right leg crossed over the other and her intertwined hands placed over them. "I remember she went silent for a second and then she told me: "I would Apparate wherever Draco is, and then go wherever you told me to, the end of the world itself if possible. I don't want anything if he doesn't get to come. He is my life and first goes him." Draco eyed the box on the floor, which remained closed, and wondered how many papers and recordings would be in there.He was about to cry.He hadn't cry in some weeks. The tiredness was just too much that he didn't have the strength to do so. Maybe he should cry right there. Michael and Georgia won't judge him.His everything. His life. His little girl.He would hear her soft and pretty voice again.After a few hours, Draco was back on his private room. With the box in front of him and his knee bouncing every second with nervousness. He was unsure of this, but he wanted to do it so badly. Her name and surname were there, in black letters written over the carton of the brown box.Using his elbows to draw his body down and sit on the cold wooden floor of the room, he passed a hand through his hair leaving a few strands toppling over his brows.Three. Six. Nine. Twelve. Fifteen. Eighteen.Draco breathed slowly, closing his eyes and letting the air leave his mouth softly.There were a lot of tapes with numbers — he supposed those were the dates of the sessions — over them. His eyes passed through all the box. There were, he supposed, about thirty-seven to forty tapes. Draco knew they hadn't had a lot of sessions through the years because of many problems that had been in the middle, but it was okay with him, at least he would hear her pretty and soft voice again.His hand searched inside his sweater pocket, Georgia had given to him a paper with the exact minutes he had to listen of the tapes. When he founded it, he searched in the box the oldest date he could find.

He pressed play and started to listen. "So he helped you," Georgia's voice came.

Leevanna huffed, "Yes, yes, he did."

"And how do you feel about your enemy sitting next to you and caressing your hair while humming to you because you were cry on the bathroom's floor?"

The white-and-black-haired waited a fee second to respond, "I don't know... I mean, he has seen me like that a few times before that day, but I have always hates it because the people who raised me told me that I should not be weak in front of others... But then comes him and does that, does not judge me or mocks my suffering, he just stands there before sitting next to me to start taking care of me with so much carefulness and softness that I almost transformed into water.

I don't like the idea of him being the one who knows most of my dark secrets, but I like the sensation he is able to give me when I am in my worst and needy of attention moments. I do not like him very much, but he understands me very well — we are very similar if you compare us. He knows how does it feel to be as alone as I am, he comprehends why I cry when my father comes, he knows so much about me and he is still there, I suppose I like that." "I will always be there, my little girl," Draco whispered before pressing play again. "I asked him to kiss me," she said in a huff.

"All the week we wasted our times fighting over nonsense things, like a fucking armchair," she laughed sarcastically. "We almost used the Cruciatus Curse on each other when duelling in Defence Against the Dark Arts. We fought before kissing. We always fight over fucking everything... But then, the first time, he did it without thinking, kissing me, and then, I like the sensation of his lips so much that the second time I asked him to do so. And I know I can't throw all the blame to him, but I want to do it.

But then I know I am guilty too of that kiss because I wanted it too," she started again. "I wanted him to kiss me... I don't know why or an exact explanation to why it felt so good, but all I know is that I want him to kiss me again like he did that day under the stars." Draco's mind eye recalled the memory, he knew of what kiss she was talking too. Her voice sounded young and still irritated with the idea of being kissed by him and liking it. It was the first real kiss they had and certainly one of the bests.He remembers how her upper lip fell between his, making a small sound, like a breathe. Then how his lips pressed it making another small sound. How her lips tasted so fucking good all the fucking time and every time he kissed her.Remembers how they tried to fool themselves saying they despised each other and their lips.Recalls how his Leevanna quickly changed her position and ended up sitting on him feeling him better. How he himself, once seated too, sweep his hand beneath the curtain of her hair, surrounding her throat. How he took her by the hips, pulling her closer to him to then slid his hands under his pretty little girl's shirt without stopping kissing her. How she had shuddered a bit but did not say anything.The blond can feel everything again, the sensations of that kiss. He remembers how he was kissing her gently, carefully and slowly, trying to touch and feel every part of her soft skin. Remembers the I hate you's between the promises of their lips. How it sounded soft and sweet when the word was so harsh and raw.And for Goodness' sake, he misses so fucking much her soft and pink lips against his own that he is capable of dying just to kiss her again.He searched in the box again to find another tape.

"I should not have said that, I should not have said that, I should not have said that."

She was walking in circles, the clap of her platforms was loud and heavy.

"Why?" asked Georgia with curiosity. "You regret about asking him that?"

"No! — I mean — yes!" the green-eyed huffed. "I don't really know..." her voice was a whisper. "I just know I had the impulse to do so, but I do not know if I regret it or not. It just happened, the words escaped my mouth without I being aware of it... But I do know one thing, I want to kiss him until I don't have oxygen anymore..."

The green-eyed made a pause. Breathed.

"But before that I said — asked... that... We talked a lot, well, he talked most of the time. But he is not as bad as I thought he was, he has problems too. And he is not bad, he has just been hurt and has suffered a lot. That's all. He is very similar to me if you think about it." Draco paused the recording. He remembered her question. She had asked if he could be her first time. And he indeed was. She was his first too.That day, when she heard him talk and talk about his problems, he remembered that he had never felt more confident about opening up to someone than he had done with her — not even with his own mother.Recalls how his Leevanna hadn't said anything, she just looked at him and chuckled every time he said something funny. He had been so fucking grateful for that, he was grateful that she hadn't interrupted him or judged his thoughts.Remembers that when he had finished venting, she had simply put her hand over his before intertwined them and smiled softly at him. Then he knew that she was just as broken as he was.The blond put play again to keep listening. Tape by tape, recording by recording. He was so fucking happy of being able to hear her pretty and reassuring voice again that he could feel her next to him, talking to him. It was so fucking fantastic — more than that even, there were no words that could ever describe how he felt every time he heard her voice.The hours passed by as if they were seconds, just minuscule particles of time that would disappear in any instant.When the last recording finished, tears were running without any control down Draco's face. He could not breathe. His heart had stopped.And, dear Merlin. How the fuck could he breathe? How do you do that after hearing the best words you will ever heard in your life? "He is my heart, my vital organ to keep pumping the blood in my veins, the most important part in the emotional sense. He is my passion, my music and inspiration to do anything. Draco is the only one who I would spend all my lives with if he asks me to. He is my life, entirely. My sun and my stars. The most beautiful thing I have." And he knows it was just a recording, but it had reached his heart and mind as no other thing but her had done. Those were the words. No other ones would ever make the same effect on him.And then, he had found a letter.Draco unwrapped it slowly, frowning when he found his name at the back of the paper. It was Leevy's handwrite... 

  At least this time it wasn't a hippogriff.

Okay, enough. I'm sorry.

   Where to begin? I still have better hair than you, that's for sure, but I'm going to miss caressing yours until you fall asleep on me. I'm going to miss you. Everything about you.

   If you are reading this is because I'm dead, we have to face the facts. If you have this letter is because I asked Georgia to give you this in case something happened to me.

   I didn't want to leave you. I never would and you know it. I know I promised to you I wouldn't break that promise again... But — oh, God... I'm so sorry, my life... I'm so, so sorry for leaving your side once again... I can promise you that I fought all I could... But it wasn't enough. I'm so sorry, Draco.

   Don't be sad, okay? I don't want to see you cry — from the place Merlin knows I am — or I'm going to kick your ass with all I have. I'm being serious, you twat. Probably now I'm in Hell laughing a bothering the Devil because I'm a bad bitch. See? You smiled!

   I loved you, no — I love you — in present.

I love you more than you could imagine.

   Do you remember that time when we were in your rooftop and you name all the stars for me? I couldn't get my eyes off you for a second. Always watch the stars, Draco, I'll be there, watching you, by your side.

  We are married, yes. But I give you permission to marry someone else, I'll be jealous, not going to lie here. But it would be a very creepy and weird thing walk with a dead body all the bloody time, so yeah, you can marry some girl you met. And if you have a son (or a daughter)... Please, don't be afraid. You are not like your father and you never will be.

  You know that I suck at words, so this is short and with a lot of jokes. We are in a war also and I don't have much time because you are in the shower and at any minute you get out.

  I'll be by your side always, remember that.

  I will love you until the last star in the sky dies.

Always yours and yours only,

Leevy, your Eltanin. The days kept passing, the hours and second seemed nonsense to him if he didn't have her, but he was trying. Really hard, you must say.He studied everyday and in the nights listened to the tapes again while he reviewed all he had seen in the morning.One day, when Draco was reading one of his medicine books sitting outside — because he was obligated to — on a chair next to a little table with an umbrella to block the sun, a curious thing had happened to him.In a second he wasn't even able to be aware of, someone spilled coffee over all the printed words of the old pages of his book. And plus, that someone had unintentionally crashed with him."Oh, Godric, I'm so sorry, I was so distracted and... — Malfoy?"Oh, that voice.That little and irritating voice."Granger," he bit trying to use wandless magic to dry the book.It was the breeze perhaps, but he could feel how a hand supported itself above his and caressed the reverse of his hand to soothe him. He relaxed instantly. The magic dried the book instantly, just leaving a few, almost invisible, drops of the dark brown liquid."What — what are you doing here?" Granger's voice distracted him of the sensation of the hand over his own. He huffed and closed his eyes a second before opening them again."If you didn't know, Granger... I'm a widowed man, and also a patient here," he showed the plastic bracelet surrounding his left wrist.The bushy-haired girl frowned, "A patient here?"He nodded."Why?"And he rolled his eyes."Arrivederci, Granger," he stood up and left the Gryffindor Princess behind to return to his room and listen to the tapes again.During the next couple of weeks, Draco started thinking about how much he had progressed since the day he lost his Leevy.He had felt hopeless, like nothing is ever going to get better or change. Worthless, like nothing he could do mattered. Guilty, definitely, as if he was so fucked up that nothing could be done to amend it. A disappointment to his friends and family. Like a burden to those around you. He had felt lonely, like no one gave a shite about him or what he was going through. Like everyone around him would do better if he was gone — back with his precious little girl. As if existence is pain, and that he was constantly fighting to keep going.Eventually, he had asked himself, 'If I was going to kill myself, how would I do it?' He had tried to fight those thoughts and put them out of his mind the first year Leevy was gone. However, he has soon grow tired of fighting the thoughts of suicide and gave in to them. Those thoughts continued to grow stronger and stronger, until they invaded his mind all day, every day.It's a very dark place to be in, he knows. It starts creeping into your mind like a serpent creeps into a hole to kill it's prey. At first you don't even believe that something like this could be happening to you or things could go so wrong to the point that you will want to kill yourself.He now, after almost three years, still feels trapped. Like he is stuck in a nightmare that keeps playing over and over again. And he wakes up hoping and praying that it's all gone, but it's not. And he's still alive. And Leevy is not.One day, after his usual meeting with Michael, the nurses of St Mungo's told him it was his day to be out — and it was obligatory.He had refused and tried to put excuses, but anyways he ended up sitting on the same chair next to the table with the umbrella of the past time. The blond liked that spot actually, it had sun and shadow at the same time and the tea tasted better there than when he was alone in his room.It was just a couple of ours of reading his book that a shadow opaqued his vision. He looked up.And rolled his eyes."What do you want, Granger? Ask me again why I'm here?"She looked at the garden a few meters away from them and blushed."I wanted to apologise, Malfoy," she bit before looking at him again. Draco raised an eyebrow and looked her up and down. Then he shrugged before focusing again on his book. "I shouldn't have asked that... I-I know why are you here."A smirk splayed across his face, but he didn't look up, "Oh really?"The Gryffindor girl buffed, "Just accept my apology."Finally, Draco looked up, "I don't care about what you say or not, Granger, but for your sake, I accept it.""Thank you," she breathed.After a few minutes, the girl continued there.Draco, irritated, looked up again rolling his eyes and closing the book, "What are you doing here, Granger? Shouldn't you be living your perfect married-with-kids life?"She blushed again but looked at him narrowing her eyes, "I'm not engaged to anyone, Ron and I aren't together."The blond raised both brows."We — we didn't want the same things," and her blushing intensified. She shook her head. "I'm here because I'm a volunteer to take care of some kids. I come twice a week to read fairytales to them.""So magnanimous of you, Granger, didn't expect less," he mocked.Hermione rolled her eyes.One week and a half after that, Draco started seeing Granger every day of the week on St Mungo's. Not just twice a week like she had said.He wasn't curious the first times, but then she caught her a few times looking at him.It wasn't until a month later that things were starting to get odd."Get ready, we're leaving in ten," Draco frowned at the sound of her voice — confused by the order she gave him."Excuse me?""I have permission you get you out."He was more confused than ever, "And why?"The Gryffindor Princess rolled her eyes and grabbed his arm to make him stand up, "Because I say so."Draco squirmed at her touch to liberate himself from the grab, then he frowned looking at her with a glare, "Has someone told you, Granger, that you're a bitch?"The girl, who was wearing a toffee coloured blazer and elegant dark-blue dress, stopped walking and turned her head before closing his eyes and breathing deeply, "Yes, you, many times.""Oh," he answered relaxing his gesture, "sure you deserved it," he shrugged.Hermione rolled her eyes again before grabbing his sleeve again and starting to walk in the exit of the garden of St Mungo's. The watchman greeted Hermione before looking at Draco with a serious semblance. The blond rolled his eyes."Could you tell me at least where are we going, Granger?"She remained silent for a few minutes while both of them walked, then the bushy-haired looked at her right and smiled."There," she said, "we are going to have a little brunch."Draco's eyes followed the girl's sight... and he gulped.Teas and Flowers.One of Leevanna's favourite tea shops in the whole Wizard Britain.It was a pretty place with the ambience of a small fairy cottage. There was flowers hanging from the roof making the place even prettier. Inside you could see people laughing and talking, and, outside, there was a place with small tables and couches where you could sit and enjoy your tea or little brunch. The tartlets of cherry and mint were the favourite thing his Leevy had ever proved. Draco had a friend inside the shop and always made special orders to surprise his Leevy some weekends.The blond stood still."Malfoy!"Quickly, his head turned. He had forgotten with who he was. He had a vision of Leevanna and himself leaving the shop while laughing and holding hands."Come on, I want the apple tartlets," definitely he wasn't with his Leevy.He followed her, walking in complete silence and hearing her talk about how delicious the apple tartlets were. It was a whole different experience. He could remember every moment he had spent with his wife in the little tea shop.Both wizards entered the shop and the friend Draco had, greeted him as soon as he saw him."Draco Malfoy!" he laughed. "Lot of time without seeing you and your wife. Sorry for your lost by the way. Leevy was a great person and witch."Draco tried to keep his smile and contain the tears, because yes, his Leevy was everything he's said and much more.Hermione looked at him."Yeah, no worries mate," was everything Draco was able to say.When both walked away to the tables outside, Hermione blushed."Malfoy... I didn't know you and Leev came here, if I had known I'd have never—""Stop it, Granger," he bit angrily. "Yes, I lost my wife, yes, I'm in St Mungo's because I'm literally mental, and yes, it still hurts that she is dead because of fighting for your side."The tears burning his eyes.A few seconds passed before the waiter came with their orders. Tea with milk and two spoons of honey and a tartlet of cherry and mint for him, and coffee and a apple tartlet for her.Hermione looked at him with compassion."No, Granger," he growled. "Don't look at me like that because I do not fucking like it."She looked away immediately."She was a brilliant witch, even more that I am," the Gryffindor witch started. "I really admired her, her bravery and way she loved you and would sacrifice the world for you... She loved you with every piece of her soul... I know she did... She told me.Malfoy... I know it hurts — I-I lost the people I once would give my life for, I-I really try to make you know that I understand what you're going through..."He laughed bitterly, "You don't, Granger, you haven't spent almost three years locked up in a psychiatric.""No, I haven't," she denied with her head, "but I had another problems, like study as religiously as I could when I returned to Hogwarts, I ignored everyone and I can't talk about my trauma and it's been years," she huffed. "I see a psychologist twice a week and I still get frightened when a loud noise is near me."Draco looked at her. There were some similarities between them."I may not have lost the love of my life because I haven't have one yet, but I do this not because I pity you, it's because I want you to know you aren't the only one going through stuff," she continued. "And I know you and I haven't been exactly colleges, and I know you have another friends, but I-I don't know, I just wanted you to know that our side is grateful for all you and Leevanna did during the war. Really."Draco looked into her eyes, Granger's hand had unconsciously slide itself until it reached the blond's hand. He crossed his arms automatically making Granger blush."Okay, you can help me."Hermione looked up and her eyes shone."I want to see my mum and where is going to be Leevy buried, I will choose the place.""Y-yes, yes," she nodded. "I will talk with the doctor you have."Draco nodded and took a sip of his tea.Two days after, when Draco was reading another book about medicine after his class with his personal teacher, the door of his room opened. Granger was next to Michael.He stood up and followed them until they reached the gardens, Narcissa Malfoy was standing there talking with a child who was sweeping her tears. The woman gave her a doll that Draco supposed it was the child's and turned her head when she heard steps.Narcissa covered her mouth with her hands and tears started invading her face."Oh, Merlin! Draco!" she exclaimed before running towards her son to embrace him tightly."Mum," he breathed hugging her back while hiding his face between her shoulder and jawline. Her aroma was as sweet as before and her usual black robes looked new."Oh, my sweet boy, how are you? They treat you well? Are you okay? Are you eating? I would've loved to be here before but I couldn't because the doctors—"Draco laughed before hugging her again, "I'm fine mum, I know you couldn't come before, it's okay. I love you."Narcissa cried even more, "I love you, too my dear and blessed child."That day both, mother and son, spent the day talking about how they'd had been these years. Narcissa told Draco about Lhu's pregnancy, it was going to be a girl and George and her were the happiest ones. They were living with Narcissa. Pansy and Blaise had gone to Italy and had decided to get married in November because Pansy was pregnant of five months. Daphne and Lee Jordan had encountered again after a couple of months ago. Luna and Theo were also laving with Narcissa, the two almost spouses were working on a greenhouse Luna had wanted to have in Leevy's honour. Everyone was still carrying the grief of Leevy's death and many others, but their lives were going well.Draco smiled at the anecdotes his mum was telling him.Two weeks later, he was talking with Michael in the Psycho-Healer's office. Their sessions were just once a week now."How did it feel, Draco, to see your mum again?""It was nice, I had missed her a lot," he confessed. "She seems to be doing great but looks a little tired of smiling."Michael nodded.

"And... how it was to see Leevanna again?"Draco gulped.A few days before, Granger had kept her promise and took him to the place Leevanna was being kept before deciding where she was going to be buried. Draco had seen her again, with all the time in the world, every detail of her face and body. She was wearing a black dress, similar to the ones Narcissa used, but this had a long neckline until the middle of her abdomen, making her breast stand up. He hair was the same, her lips and skin. As if she wasn't gone. As if she was just asleep."As if she's going to wake up at any second, but I know she won't," Draco answered. "All my grief says the same thing... This isn't how it's supposed to be, it isn't fair... And the world laughs, holds any hope I have by the throat and says: but this is how it is.And I just want to wake up from this nightmare, where she isn't here with me... Alive... But it isn't a nightmare, it's real life. I just have the hope maybe someday in our next life, we will be two people meeting again for the first time."

And the days kept passing, the hours and minutes, moths and years. Life was still going on for everyone. Like it always did and will always do. Everyone knows it. But then, here we are, recalling kisses and hugs, promises and memories of love, thirteen years later after the war, while a family of four arrived the Flowery-Aly Magical Foundation for Orphaned Muggle-born Children, created ny Draco Malfoy himself.Leevanna Malfoy (née Vaughan) had left the majority of her inheritance and assets to Draco, including Vaughan Manor, now know as the blond's place to raise Muggle-born children. The other part was dived between Lhu and Luna. She had left also the island in Brazil to Narcissa. Her house-elf, Maglor, being married with Narcissa's one, was now part of the Malfoy territory.A french man name Adrian had appeared one day and started talking about how Leevanna had everything ready if something happened to her — thing that occurred.Malfoy Manor was now a primary school for the young wizards and witches until they were able to attend Hogwarts.When Jullieth Oneyl-Weasley left the car of her family, she and her brother started to run towards the entry of the place, where there was a lot of children playing outside on the front-backyard. The young witch searched for her uncle Draco everywhere and when she saw him, immediately started to run towards him."Hey, little one," he laughed feeling her arms around his torso."I got my letter! I got my letter!"The blond chuckled, "And you've decided which house suits you most?""Obviously Slytherin, uncle Draco, Slytherins are the best.""I could disagree on that."Both turned at the sound of George Weasley's voice, who was carrying a box with old toys of his children to donate to the foundation, next to his wife, Lhu."Shut it," said Lhu, "Snakes are the best."She and Draco made a rare handshake before waving their arms as if they were snakes. George rolled his eyes and Jullieth just laughed."I heard the name of the best house ever, Slytherin, obviously," and that was Pansy's voice, her best friend Daphne next to her.While the adults were talking, Jullieth and her brother started to explore the foundation again as they always did every time they went. Both stopped when they found the portrait of a beautiful witch holding a cat. They stared in awesome the beautiful details of the painting. The portrait seemed old and non-functioning so both children entered the room.It was Jullieth's dream. It was elegant but still childish and with beautiful flowers and stars decorating the roof.Young witch and wizard stopped divagating for the room when their mum's voice was to be heard."What in heaven's sake are you doing there?" she seemed a bit angry. "This wing of the manor is prohibited and —""It's okay, Lhu," came Draco's voice. "There are enough secrets, it's time for they to know.""Are you sure?" she seemed worried, but the blond nodded. Lhu exhaled slowly. "Kids, remember I told you about my sister?" both nodded. "This was her manor, she was killed in the war.""Her name was Leevanna," Draco continued. "My wife and entire life.""This was her room," said Lhu, "the painting outside is a portrait of her when younger," she huffed. "It is very difficult for us, even for grandma Narcissa, to talk about her, she was very loved. You have her second name, Jullieth, and you, Elyse, have her first name."The daughter of Luna Nott opened her eyes widely."Forgive us for not telling you about her... It — It's just very difficult."Jullieth smiled, "Thank you for doing the effort.""Would you like to know her?"Draco's question surprised everyone around."We have videos and pictures of her in a box," he said entering the room and opening the closet to start searching for the box."Those are the videos I took during our years at Hogwarts?" asked Daphne hugging her husband's arm. Draco nodded.The adults and kids started walking towards the main studio, where Draco made appear a video-reproductor and inserted one magical version of a muggle VHS into it. It was so fascinating for everyone who was sitting on the couches how Draco was handling the situation. But in reality, he was trying to control de number counting in his brain and the tremble of his fingers.When the first video appeared, the blond decided to support himself on the door's frame, away from the rest of people. 

"It's not my fault you're a crazy bitch!"

A twelve-year-old Daphne rolled her eyes and pointed the camera to her, she and the rest of friends were in the Slytherin common room.

"As you can see, the couple is fighting again," she said with a smile.

"We are not a couple!"

"I swear, they're so dramatic," came Lhu's voice in a laugh.

"Could everyone smile?!" an angry twelve-year-old Pansy shouted, she was holding the camera so close you could see it reflecting on her eyes. "How the fuck d'you use this?" she murmured before supporting the camera on the bench, thinking it was ready to take a photo.

"Everyone ready?!" shouted Daphne. Everyone said yes before taking their positions for the picture.

Two seconds later, when nobody saw the flash of the camera, Daphne ran to it.

"It is in recording, Pansy!" Everyone in the room laughed."It wasn't my fault!" whined Pansy before pushing Daphne in leisure when her best friend called her dumb. "As you can see, we're in a tournament of clapping games," laughed Lhu before pointing the camera to Leevana and Draco, who were hitting their hands before clapping.

Pansy and Theo were eating burgers, and Blaise next to Daphne were also clapping their hands.

"I think this two artificial blondies are going to win," said Theo taking a lollipop to his mouth.

"I swear if we don't win, I'm going to kill him," growled Leevanna clapping her hands."No," said Draco, "I am going to kill you." 

"Could you fucking hurry?!" muttered a fourteen-year-old Leevanna, the camera was pointing her face. It was midnight.

"Where the fuck are we?" came Draco's voice in a whisper.

Leevanna giving the camera to him, "This is Filch's room," she said walking before opening a door carefully.You are the dancing queen,young and sweet, only seventeen.Digging the dancing queen...Both teenagers covered their mouths to avoid laughing, the camera pointing the room. They were seeing Filch dance with his cat at the rhythm of the music....Feel the beat from the tambourine, oh yeah! You can dance, you can jive...Having the time of your life, oh-ohDraco was the first to laugh, making the music stop abruptly and Leevanna to shut the door.

"Run!" shouted Leevanna.

"It is not like that," huffed Leevanna walking towards the two people in front of her, Fred and Lhu. "Come here," then she took Lhu's hand before the music started playing.

The camera was facing Pansy and Daphne, who smiled mischievously, as if they knew something the rest didn't.

The camera pointed to Draco.

"You have to be careful with the steps," the green-eyed girl said, giving Lhu a spin before continuing dancing. "It's delicate, you've to hold her as if in any moment she is going to break, like crystal."

"Why don't you and Draco dance, Leev?" said Daphne. "You two are the bests here."

Leevanna turned to Draco without stop holding her best friend's hands, "If Malfoy wants, I don't have a problem."

The girls and boys who were not the couple in the middle of the room, smiled the same way the other pair of witches had done.

When the music started, the camera pointed the couple a few seconds before changing to Daphne and Pansy.

"They're so in love, I swear," Daphne whispered to the camera making Pansy laugh.

"Awww, look at them," Lhu said dreamily, seeing Draco and Leevanna dance at the Yule Ball.

"Salazar's sake, I'm going to die of love," dramatised Pansy clapping her hands, her eyes shining at the view.

"Look at the happy couple!" laughed Theo holding the camera and pointing to Draco and Leevanna, who were sitting on the grass, they were in their fifth year.

"Shut it, Theo," growled Draco against Leevanna's shoulder. She was between his legs, sitting with her back against his chest. Her head barely reaching his shoulder. She was reading a book. He tightened his embrace around her waist, making her head fall on his shoulder, then he left a kiss on her cheek making her blush.

"Okay, last video of the year," said Daphne with the camera facing her before pointing at the rest, "everyone present themselves."

They started with Theo, "Hey bonbons," he flirted, "Theo Nott here, I can be your prince charming."

"Enough for you," rolled his eyes Blaise before presenting himself, "I'm Blaise Zabini and I'm completely in love with this lady over here," he left a kiss on Pansy's cheek before the camera pointed the raven haired.

"I'm Pansy Parkinson and I'm going to study fashion design in Milan," she smiled.

"Hi, I'm Lhu Oneyl, I have an amazing pair of boyfriends and I love my cat."

Daphne pointed herself, "Daphne Greengrass, the only one who knows how this camera works, looking forward to be part of the Ministry of Magic."

The camera pointed Draco, a girl who he was hugging with an arm could be barely seen by the camera.

"Draco Malfoy, my favourite subject is astronomy and I have a favourite star named Eltanin."

Then, the camera pointed a beautiful green-eyed girl who was smiling and being hugged by someone.

"Hi!" she started, "I'm Leevanna Vaughan, I like flowers a lot, Slytherin always and also know as the Ice Queen years before, I love my friends," and her smile was so contagious. "And I have a favourite constellation named like someone I'm love with."

"And you're mine," came Draco's voice making Leevanna roll her eyes.

"Yes," she laughed, "I'll always be yours, my life, I love you." When the last video finished, every adult in the room had tears in their eyes. Draco was trying to be strong in there, trying not to break.Yes, he missed her. They all missed her."She was so gorgeous..." muttered Elyse Lovegood-Nott."And so kind and pretty!" said Pansy's daughter. "Like those models you dress, mum!""She knew how to play Quidditch?" asked Damian Zabini,"She was afraid of heights but has always supported it," answered Blaise."And she liked chocolate and cherry candies?" asked the twins Pier and Prince."A lot," smiled Lee Jordan."Did she liked the animals, mummy?" interrogated Fred Oneyl-Weasley.Lhu smiled, "She had a cat named Nix and she had dragons also," the little boy looked at her mum in awesomeness."Did she liked crystals?" came Halya's voice."Uff, she had a lot of necklaces with them," laughed Luna weeping away some tears.While the kids still continued to asks questions to their parents about the marvellous witch with white-blond hair and green eyes who had once lived her life as she pleased and fell in love with someone who loved her the same way, Draco walked away, in direction of the backyard of the manor.He greeted some kids and witches and wizards who were there before continuing walking towards the forest.Various long minutes later he made appear flowers when he reached a clearing barely illuminated by the sun thanks to the leafy trees there.He stood in front of a beautiful statue of an angel and left the flowers on the ground before taking seat. There were a lots of flowers of different kind that grew around the angel and its base."Hello, my little girl," he said smiling. "I have brought you white roses this time."He wiped away some tears and started okaying with the grass."The kids are asking a lot about you, you know?" he started. "About your favourite colour, food, what did you like to do, and much more," he laughed softly. "I miss you, you know? Everyone does, a fucking lot, like you can't imagine," he wiped away some tears again. "Today we saw some videos of our years at Hogwarts, and even if I carry a picture of you in my mind every second, seeing you again has made me think about the need I have of you, to be here, with me, with the guys. Just here, breathing freedom..."He took air a second."I have talked you about the foundation a lot, Granger is helping also a lot here, she has even proposed herself ti read a fairytale every night for the kids. I tell you this because I'm thinking in adopting one of the children," he continued, "it's a girl who is very similar to you, not in looks but in personality. She makes me smile every day, Leev, and she seems to see me like someone she can trust... Her parents were abusive with her because she is a Muggle-born and they exploited her," he sighed. "I don't know yet, but I think I can raise her like my own child.I would love for you to do this with me, Leevy, but I know we can't, and I'm trying to keep fighting to keep the promise I made you that day. I just miss you so much, my life... I owe you a drawer of promises, because we promised so much without knowing that there would be an end and now that you are not there I have a void that I will not be able to fill," more tears he tried ti avoid. "I will spend many nights of insomnia trying to not to cry at the memories. In your dictionary the word 'love' was a lot to decipher, while mine was all I could give. I will have the ghost of your memory. It is very hard to have to leave, it is very hard to know that we owe ourselves so many things that we will never be able to achieve," he breathed. "But I pray for us to say hello for first time again in our next life, my dear love."He stood up, "I love you, Leevy, with my life, soul, mind and heart, in this life and all the ones before and nexts ones," a smile appeared on his face. "I'm going to go now, okay? Because I'm sure they are looking for me. Goodbye, my life, see you later."And he walks smiling, reassured.Because he would see her again, in a bright day of a moment that wasn't stolen from death.  

"You believe in the next lives, right?" A white-blonde girl with black strands of hair walked without hurry by the streets of England. Her hair floating with the air. "If I'd be with you, yes," he replied stroking her hair gently. She wasn't thinking about many things, just about her new master job she had made the day before. Her black dress with tiny stars as a print resaltes every part of her body. "When we first met in our other life, you should wear a black dress, I will now is you." The black blazer she had put on before going out combined with her shiny patent leather heels. He makeup was simple, just a fine dark line made with her eyeliner and dark red lipstick.With her hands inside the pockets of her blazer she started walking across the bridge in direction of her favourite bookshop in all England.By the other extreme of the bridge, a platinum blond man was walking distracted by the views of the landscape around him. He had always liked the way the grey clouds announced rain, he loved it, specially when his mother made lemon tarts for him. "And you should wear that long black blazer that I love," she said supporting her chin on his chest. "Pinky Promise." He, with his hands inside the long, black blazer he was wearing that day, started thinking about one star in particular. The one he liked the most of the constellation he had been named after. Eltanin was without a doubt the most shining star for him.The blond guy was walking by the bridge in direction of his favourite tea shop ever. It was a small cottage with a lot of flowers and such to make it seem fairy. It was just amazing. The chamomile one with milk and two spoons of honey was his favourite thing.By casualties of the universe, his grey-blue eyes crossed with a pair of green ones.Both looked at each other, thinking about where they had seen the other person, because yes, both seemed so similar to the other that was surprising.A handkerchief the girl had took out, was carried by the hands of air until it reached the blond's blazer.She walked towards him and he walked towards her."I think this is yours," he said without stopping to stare into her eyes.She cleared her throat, "Yes, thank you."He nodded and both walked away in their respective directions.When the sun started to make its appearance, the blond stopped walking and turned to see the green-eyed."What's your name?"She had stopped walking too. And she turned."Leevanna Snape."He walked toward her, his eyes still fixed on hers, mesmerised by the view of her mere existence. She seemed an angel who had fallen from heaven."Draco Malfoy," he said and both shook hands. "This is going to sound weird, but I think I know you."She smiled, "I have that feeling too," she said. "Perhaps of another life.""Yeah," he smiled, "maybe that.""And where are you going, Mr Malfoy?" she played making him laugh."To a teashop that is near here, they sell the best cherry and mint tartlets ever," the eyes of the green-eyed shined like never before. "Would you like to accompany me, Miss Snape?""Yes!" she exclaimed exited, Draco arched an eyebrow. "I mean — how do I know you're not going to hurt me?""I pink promise you, I would never hurt such an angel Queen," and her eyes shone even more."Okay, I'll go," she accepted, "but then you have to walk with me until my favourite bookshop.""It's a pact, then," he said and she nodded.And both started walking, asking things about the other, about their hobbies and jobs. Leevanna was a writer who painted in her free time, Draco was a CEO of a big company named Malfoy House. They learned a lot about the other while they were drinking tea and eating, laughing and smiling, knowing each other again for the first time. As if in their past life they had been lovers.And perhaps he didn't walk her just until the bookshop, and it could be that she might have stolen a kiss from him when he was distracted.But those are just little details of this life they shared.They were together, in a bright day of a life they would spend breathing freedom, without stealing a second of death.  .

Hello, my beautiful Floweries. How have you been all this months? Don't forget to vaccinate ;)First, I'm going to apologise for not writing anything since May I believe. I had some mental health issues and the inspiration just didn't come until a few weeks ago when I traveled to Cajamarca – Perú (if you are from there or any other part of that beautiful country, I send you kisses and hugs, the landscapes are just mesmerising).To make long story short, I just apologise for leaving all of you wondering what had happened to the story. I hope you enjoy the end I gave it.And if you are re-reading, all good? You still crying and wanting to kill me? xNow, I'm going to answer some questions:1.- Why did you chose that ending?Okay, first of all, when I started writing this story in September 2020, I started by the end, a possessive love with a tragic ending. I know many of you are disappointed for it, but I will explain my reasons.2.- The ending was because you didn't have another idea?No. I had many other possibilities but I decided to choose this one to make sense to Leevy's story.3.- Why did you kill Leevanna?I will leave this here:"What would be that happy ending?"

"Making peace with the monster," she says. "Finding myself after being lost for such a long time, let the snow fall over the flowers," and she looks up. "Finally breathe," she continues. "Know that I can be free."For Leevanna, being free was finally being able to die, why? Because in all the chapters before that she mentions she doesn't deserve to die — what means being free.4.- Why Leevanna and not Draco?Because Draco didn't have the trauma Leevy did. And I wanted Draco to gave a growth alone in the story.5.- Was Hermione in love with Draco?Yes and no. She was attracted to him by the idea she had made in her head of him when Leevanna talked about him that day in the girl's lavatory. Then she started observing them, how he treated her, and the idea was strong enough to say she had a little crush on how she saw that side of Draco. Not because she liked him.6.- It is going to be a second book?No, I'm sorry. I had planned one with a parallel universe in which Voldemort doesn't die, but it would be so short that it didn't have meaning.7.- How many mental issues had Leevanna?She had six: Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder (OCPD), Emotional Dependence, Dissociative Identity Disorder — the miny Leevy's —, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Depression and Anxiety.8.- Neferet (Leevanna's mum) was bad or good?None of the two. She was in the middle.9.- In what is based Leevanna's personality and life?Basically in some aspects I have, like mental health and such, personality is also similar to me and other people I know. Her appearance is based on the actress of GOT.10.- Why Leevanna and Draco look similar in personality and looks?This is a question many of you have since I first started writing. Why did I do that? Because they love each other how they are supposed to love themselves. They are a reflect of the other.11.- Is Lhu based on a real person?Yes. She is based on the personalities of my two best friends.12.- Why Leevanna didn't choose Lee when she and Draco were separated?Because Lee wasn't her life, she never saw him the way he saw her. Leevanna per se didn't want Lee. — Just twelve because y'know, OCPD, lmao — Any other questions you can leave them in the comment section and I will answer you as soon as I can.Also! Follow my second account, you will see my real name there — yes, my name isn't Avocados —, and also a little project I'm working on. Follow me on Tiktok too to see every video I'm publishing.Don't forget to comment, share and vote!Love you guys!x

Oh, dear Circe, it feels so good to tap on edit this work again.How have you been my floweries? Everything alright? Hope you have a great time with your loved ones these holidays!Well, my main purpose here is to tell you that I am transforming Black Magic into a real book with my real name on it. No more of the Boy-Who-Wouldn't-Die for my Leevy and Draco. No more of following an already written plot. The tittle would be the same 'Black Magic - The book' and it would be divided in three.There would be similarities with the original plot, yes, but it is mainly now another universe. There would be magic and rituals just like Elemental Magic — the main plot of the book.All the names have been changed but Leevy and Lhu's, and Draco has transformed himself into Draco Ferrell.I don't know yet if publishing the first book this year or publish the three of them the next year, but I assure you it would be as much as accesible as I can make it for you.If you know the name of a book house which will be willing to publish the story of Leevy and Draco I would be in debt with you <3Love you guys and let me know if you would be interested in buying this book! 

Hi my Floweries!!So I come here to make a little announcement and that is that I will be publishing the first book of Black Magic on Kindle (Amazon) in a few days so you can enjoy the story of Leevy and Draco on that platform!It will be named "White Darkness".That's it! Hope you're having a fret start of year and let me know any questions you have!Love you <3

