It's a perfect day. The kind of day poetry is written about. The kind of day paintings are made of.

Spring is in full bloom, flowers beginning to open to the warming sun, the last of winter's chill long-since faded. Birdsong fills the air, drifting through the valley as if carried by the wind. The sky is a deep, beautiful blue dotted in specks of white, the sun hanging high in its embrace and shining down upon the grass which it warms with its touch.

Scattered in the sea of greens and whites and blues are the cherry blossom trees, painting the countryside in shades of pink as they begin their fleeting bloom.

Jungkook is tucked underneath the shade of one such cherry tree, shaded by the leaves which are swaying in the breeze, bringing showers of pink petals with them. He's splayed out on the sun-warmed grass, long hair fanned around his face and clothing rumpled as he looks up at the face of his beloved Taehyung.

The love of his life.

He can't keep the smile from his lips, letting it tug at the corners of his mouth until his nose scrunches and his eyes become crescent moons. There's laughter on his tongue too, his chest so tight and yet his heart so buoyant within. And he knows that he's never been this happy. This in love.

Reaching up to brush Taehyung's hair behind his ears, he leans up to capture his lips in another sweet, slow kiss. He takes his time with every one, as if memorizing every detail surrounding that moment: the taste of Taehyung's tongue, the touch of his lips, the feeling of their bodies pressed together. Because every kiss feels like a precious memento that he'll place within his most treasured box for safekeeping.

Every moment with Taehyung is precious, after all. (And as fleeting as the cherry trees surrounding them.)

They kiss as the afternoon goes on, their lips molding together perfectly, fingers brushing through hair and against soft cheeks. In the gentle breeze of an early spring afternoon, they find comfort and happiness in each other. And for a few hours, they can lose themselves in complete, ignorant bliss.

“How could I ever love anyone but you?” Taehyung whispers, gazing lovingly down at Jungkook, holding himself up over him. His free hand comes up to caress Jungkook’s cheek, to trace lightly over his pale skin. “How could I kiss anyone but you when our hearts and souls only feel whole when we’re together?”

Taehyung sighs quietly, resting his forehead against Jungkook’s, their eyes locked. The afternoon will end soon, and their fleeting, blissful time together will end, too. The thought of parting ways again makes his heart ache in his chest, makes his fingertips tremble as he presses closer to him.

“You’re all I want, beloved,” he whispers as he presses his lips against Jungkook’s again.

Jungkook sighs against Taehyung's lips, his heart racing at the words whispered between them. He feels dizzy with want; with a complete, all-consuming love for Taehyung, his beloved.

The only person who can and will ever have his heart, wholly and completely. 

But in between those soft brushes of lips — between the gentle touches and the whispered words — a dread begins to build in the pit of Jungkook's stomach. Because they're always together on borrowed time, and with every day, they have less and less of it.

Soon, Jungkook will be wed.

And not to Taehyung.

As the afternoon begins to fade into the early evening, Jungkook's kisses become more and more desperate, as if he can will time to stop on the strength of his love alone. But when they finally part and he looks up at Taehyung, his heart squeezes painfully in his chest as a lump begins to form in his throat.

"I don't want anyone but you," he whispers, his hands cupping Taehyung's cheeks, thumbs brushing against his skin, fingers toying with his hair. "Taehyungie... I would give up everything to be yours forever."

The words make Taehyung’s expression soften even more, fingers brushing through Jungkook’s long hair. The ache in his heart returns, a horrid and awful feeling of helplessness that comes along with it.

“Forever sounds nice,” he answers, noses brushing as he lets his gaze wander over Jungkook’s face. Memorizing the flush of his cheeks, the way his lips look more plump and red from kissing.

Taehyung would give anything for a forever with Jungkook, too.

“I would give up everything to be yours, too, love,” Taehyung tells him softly, the words sincere but painful in their situation. “I would leave everything behind to be with you, if I could.”

Jungkook nudges his nose back against Taehyung's, a sigh caught behind the lump in his throat. Wrapping his arms tighter around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him even closer; impossibly close, until there's no space between them.

Tears burn behind his eyes as he looks up at Taehyung almost desperately. But slowly, Taehyung's words sink into his chest and his eyes begin to widen. "Why can't we?" he asks, sitting up just a little bit. "Why can't we leave it all behind?"

“What do you mean?” Taehyung asks, bringing a hand to rest on Jungkook’s cheek, thumb sweeping under his eyes gently to wipe away his tears.

Jungkook is gorgeous, with his big doe eyes and endearing smile. But Taehyung hates it the most when he cries, because it makes his heart squeeze in his chest, makes him want to do whatever he can to make him feel better.

Taehyung just wants to take care of Jungkook, always.

“Run away together?” Taehyung asks, almost as a joke until he sees Jungkook’s expression is serious. “Really?”

Jungkook nods, sitting up even more as he cups Taehyung's cheeks. "Yes. Run away with me," he says, the words rushing to leave his lips as his heart squeezes tighter and tighter. Just the thought of running away with Taehyung has his chest tightening until he can barely breathe.

Has his heart racing until he's sure it's going to take wing and lift him from the ground.

"I don't want to be wed to anyone but you. I can't... I can't live like that. I want to be yours forever, even if that means I never see my family again. Even if that means we'll have nothing more than each other."

Jungkook’s words make Taehyung’s heart ache in a new way. He tucks some hair behind his ears, gently cradling his face as he looks at his beloved.

He wants to fall asleep beside him every night, only to wake next to him, too. He wants to spend the days walking while holding hands with him, making love to him and kissing him.

Taehyung loves his family, but for a lifetime with Jungkook? He would give it all up.

“Let’s do it,” he whispers, nudging their noses together gently, lips ghosting over one another. “Let’s run away together. I don’t want a future if you’re not in it.”

Jungkook lets out a breath he hadn't even known he'd been holding, his heart fluttering so wildly in his chest he's sure it'll take flight. Tears spring to his eyes anew as his smile widens enough to split his face in half, and even though he's crying, he can't help but laugh.

He doesn't think he's ever been so happy. And he knows that every day after this one will be the best day of his life. Because he gets to spend it with Taehyung.

He's been so miserable the last few months, ever since his parents announced his betrothal to some merchant's daughter an entire town away. In their sole meeting, she seemed nice enough, but how could Jungkook marry her when he doesn't even love her? When he'd given his whole heart away so many years ago?

Every day has felt like a death march to a miserable future, his stolen moments with Taehyung the only reprieve from the noose slowly tightening over his neck. But now hope blooms in his chest like the cherry blossoms above them.

"I don't want that either," he whispers, his hold on Taehyung tightening as he pulls him closer and kisses him so lovingly, so happily. "I want to grow old with you, Taehyungie. I want to love you forever."

Taehyung kisses him back with just as much love and adoration, pouring it out through his lips and into Jungkook. Hoping he understands how much Taehyung would give him.

What he would give up for him.

He would do anything for Jungkook.

“Let’s do it,” Taehyung breathes, eyes shut as his lips move against Jungkook’s. “Let’s love each other forever. Until we’re old and grey, and then we can sit under the cherry blossoms again and promise to meet in our next lives, too.”

Jungkook's heart feels lighter and lighter with every word, his head almost dizzy with pure, unadulterated happiness. Holding Taehyung closer, he kisses Taehyung back, hoping every kiss — every touch and every whispered word — shows Taehyung just how much he loves him.

How much he would give up for him.

How he'll do everything he can to make him happy.

"I'll love you in every life, Taehyungie," he whispers, pulling Taehyung in to kiss him deeply, lovingly, sweetly.

They kiss and hold each other until the sun begins to set, dipping lower in the horizon. The air becomes cooler, making them shiver without the sun’s warmth. Taehyung holds Jungkook as long as he can, presses kisses against his skin, strokes his hair and sides.

But they both know when the stars start to set in the sky overhead, that they must part ways once more.

“When do you want to do this?” Taehyung asks as he helps Jungkook up, the two of them standing under their cherry blossom tree. Years ago, Taehyung carved their initials into the tree trunk, and to this day, it remains their small safe haven. “I have some money saved… It’s not much, but it could get us a boat out of here.”

"Let's do it tonight," Jungkook says, taking Taehyung's hands and holding them tightly between his. He doesn't want to let go — doesn't want to part from Taehyung even to pack his things and leave — but he knows he has to eventually.

"I have some money too. And I have valuables that we can sell. Jewelry and ornaments that will be enough to get us out of here, to somewhere where we can start anew..."

The idea is both terrifying and exciting. Taehyung squeezes Jungkook’s hands, lifting them to his lips to press kisses over his knuckles. His heart flutters at the idea of a fresh start with his love, in a modest home, living an ordinary life.

The sacrifice of never seeing his friends or loved ones again is worth it, he thinks, seeing Jungkook’s beautiful smile. Seeing him happy is worth everything.

“Tonight then,” Taehyung whispers, pulling him close to wrap his arms around him in a tight and warm embrace. “Let’s meet here in two hour’s time. We’ll leave by boat and find a new home, just the two of us.”

Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck, pulling him closer as his smile widens into a grin. His cheeks hurt from how happy he is, but he can hardly complain. In fact, he hopes his cheeks hurt every day for the rest of his life.

"Just the two of us," he whispers, pulling Taehyung in for one last kiss.

Taehyung kisses him back slowly, tenderly. As if he will never grow tired of their lips together, of holding Jungkook close in his arms. Only when they’re out of breath do they part again, Taehyung slowly stepping back, a boxy grin spreading over his face as their fingers loosely hold onto one another’s.

“I’ll see you again soon, my love,” he whispers, pressing one last parting kiss to Jungkook’s knuckles.

He waves as they each start heading toward their own homes, in opposite directions. Taehyung walks backwards, watches Jungkook leave, watches him until he turns the corner and is no longer visible.

And as he heads home, heart fluttering with a newfound excitement, he cannot wait to hold Jungkook in his arms again. To find a place of their own and make sweet love to him all night.

To wake up beside him again in the morning light.

 Jungkook is practically skipping as he heads back to his home (his parents' home), his grin wide and his eyes sparkling stronger than the stars above him. There's a song on his tongue and poetry in his mind as he dreams about the life he and Taehyung will build for themselves. Perhaps they'll be farmers, taking care of livestock and living off their modest land. Maybe they'll be traders, traveling the country together in search of precious finds. Or maybe they'll just be together, wrapped up in each others' arms until they grow old and frail.

Any life with Taehyung will be a perfect one. Because no matter how difficult — no matter how much they may struggle to make ends meet — they'll always have each other.

Slipping into his parents' home, he leaves his shoes by the front door and rushes to his room. His parents pay him no mind, the two of them sipping tea and talking in hushed whispers about his future bride. But Jungkook doesn't pay them any mind as he closes his bedroom door and begins to grab anything he can find, stuffing it into a bag hastily fashioned out of one of his hanbok.

He packs clothes, mostly, along with anything of value that the two of them can sell to make a living: trinkets, broaches, hair pins, necklaces, rings. So many gifts from his parents and extended family, all of increasing value.

But the most important piece in his collection — a jade hairpin that Taehyung gave him for his sixteenth birthday — he keeps, pinning his hair up with it with a smile.

After stashing his bag somewhere safe, he pretends to go to sleep, blowing out the candles in his room and hiding underneath the covers. And once his parents retire for the night — once all the lights have gone out and the house is completely still — he finally slips from his room and toward the front door.

He takes his time tip-toeing through the front door, careful so that not even a loose board creeks underneath his feet. And when he finally reaches his goal, he lets out a heavy sigh of relief. But as he slips his shoes on and reaches out to open the door, he hears a voice behind him, cold and steely.

"Where do you think you're going?"

And Jungkook's heart turns to ice in his chest.

It’s been far longer than two hours.

Taehyung sits at the cherry blossom tree, one arm propped up on his knee as he looks around, waiting for Jungkook. Beside him in his knapsack, he’s packed only the most necessary of items, and he’d left a note for his parents apologizing for leaving, stating that he’d fallen in love and they were running away to be happy together.

But it’s been far too long, and Taehyung shivers as he waits for Jungkook, wondering if he’s gotten into trouble. Did his parents catch him? Is he still packing? Is he having a hard time sneaking out? Did he get hurt? Did he change his mind?

There are a million scenarios that run through Taehyung’s head, most of which make him feel uneasy, his stomach knotting up with anxiety the longer he waits with no sign of his lover.

Taehyung waits by the tree for three hours before he decides he should go check on Jungkook.

The walk to the Jeon residence is one he knows by heart, even at night with hardly any light to guide his path. There are cherry blossom petals all along the dirt road, falling from the trees overhead. He passes several other homes of wealthy families — scholars, or families that are distantly related to the King.

When Taehyung reaches the gate to the Jeon residence, he pauses, listening when he hears the sound of two distressed voices fighting inside.

Did Jungkook get caught?

he wonders, chewing on his bottom lip as he leans against the wooden gate, trying to looking between the boards to see what’s going on.

Are they fighting right now?

What Taehyung sees is enough to send his heart plummeting from his chest, his eyes widening at the sight of his lover curled up in a ball on the ground nearby, his parents seemingly arguing and pushing at each other.

And Taehyung knows he may not be well liked by the Jeons, may in fact make this situation worse, but his mind is on autopilot to protect when he shoves the gate open, rushing toward Jungkook with panicked, ragged breaths, catching his parents off guard and making them stop their bickering.

“Jungkook!” Taehyung cries out to him, but the sight of his lover on the ground only gets worse as he gets closer.

Jungkook is laying in what seems to be a defensive position, his hanbok torn and dirty, his blonde hair fanned out across the ground. Blood stains it at his temples, turning the beautiful golden color into a muted red that sends a shudder of horror and fear through Taehyung’s heart, piercing him and leaving him breathless.

Clutched in his hand is the jade hair pin that usually holds his brilliant hair up and out of his face.

“Jungkook,” Taehyung whimpers as he falls to his knees before his lover, tears blurring his vision as he gently lifts his body up to pull the upper half into his arms. It’s with a shaking hand that he touches his cheek, smearing more blood against his too pale skin, the touch cold against his fingertips. “Jungkook, beloved. Wake up.”

But Jungkook doesn't move. He doesn't stir or even twitch in Taehyung's hold. His eyes don't flutter open like they usually do when Taehyung holds him in his arms, nor do the corners of his lips turn up into an all-too-familiar smile.

If this were any other day — any other moment — he would smile up at Taehyung, his eyes shining as he looks up at Taehyung as if he put the very sun in the sky. He would laugh and cup Taehyung's cheeks and wipe away his tears with teasing yet comforting words. And then he would pull Taehyung in for a sweet kiss, because Taehyung's kisses are his favorite thing in the world.

But tonight, he's deathly still, his body limp and heavy in Taehyung's hold. No warmth in his skin, no pulse underneath Taehyung's touch.

"Get your hands off of him!" Jungkook's mother screeches as his parents finally come to their senses, fear and anxiety replaced by rage.

Taehyung only holds Jungkook tighter in his arms, sobbing loudly as he rocks him back and forth gently, trying to both soothe himself and Jungkook. His Jungkook, who lay dead in his arms. The Jungkook that he was supposed to run away with, to start a new life with.

The Jungkook that he waited hours for.

“What have you done to him?” Taehyung demands, eyes teary as he snaps his head up to look at them, accusing. When they don’t respond right away, Taehyung’s fingers find the jade hairpin that Jungkook died clutching.

Like he’d wanted to protect himself.

“I said, what have you done to him?” Taehyung shrieks, the fear and rage and grief welling up inside him, pushing out every other emotion. Happiness and love no longer exist in his body, replaced with this horrible anger that has him shaking to his very core.

Jungkook's mother looks afraid, stumbling over her own feet as she moves away from Taehyung. But Jungkook's father only looks angrier and angrier with every passing second. As if the sight of his "beloved" son in the arms of Taehyung is something he has the right to feel angry about.

"He did this to himself," his father snaps, looking away from his son's lifeless body and up at Taehyung. "Trying to disgrace the family name? Wanting to run away with

to another," Jungkook's mother interjects. "He knew what leaving would do to our family. To our reputation!"

"I would rather see him dead than in the arms of another man," his father spits, watching Taehyung as if he's beneath him.

Taehyung didn’t think it was possible to feel this way.

To feel so much at once that he feels nothing at all.

The shaking in his hands stop, his eyes darkening, void of any type of compassion or empathy they may have felt a moment ago. His fingers close around the jade hairpin, tilting his head down to look at Jungkook one last time, pressing a gentle, lingering kiss to his forehead.

He is so gentle as he lays Jungkook back down and stands, gripping the jade hairpin tightly in his fist.

Jungkook’s father doesn’t even have a chance to scream for help before Taehyung is lunging across the yard for him, grabbing him and plunging the hairpin directly into his throat, his expression full of hatred and rage as he stares him down, pulling the pin out so that he can fall to the ground and bleed out.

Jungkook's mother screams, stumbling back as she watches her husband writhe on the ground, a horrid gurgling, choking sound ripping itself from his lips. His eyes are wide, hands grasping at his neck as he tries to stop the bleeding, but it's in vain.

Crawling onto her hands and knees, Jungkook's mother scrambles into the entrance to the house, desperately grasping for anything she can use to defend herself. But all she manages to find is a broom, which she clutches to her chest as she turns around to look at Taehyung, standing over her husband as he slowly bleeds out.

Taehyung’s face is void of any expression besides disinterest as Jungkook’s father grips his foot with a bloodied hand, as if begging for him to save him. He has no intention of doing so.

Blood stains his own skin, his hanbok and shoes as he watches Jungkook’s father take his last, shuddering breath before going still.

And then he looks up at Jungkook’s mother inside the house, holding a broom tightly as if that will be able to fight him off.

He takes a few steps toward the house, bloodied fingers gripping the hairpin so tightly it hurts his knuckles. But he can barely register the pain — can barely register anything besides the devastating numbness that consumes him now.

A broken heart that he cannot even let himself begin to feel yet.

Not until there is justice.

The fear in Jungkook's mothers eyes is palpable, but even as she stares death down, the disgust she feels for Taehyung is obvious. As if being in his very presence is more painful to her than her son's lifeless body curled up on the ground just a few feet away.

"You took our son from us," she hisses, gripping the broom tighter, looking up at Taehyung almost defiantly, despite the way her hands shake. "And when you kill me, everyone will finally see you for the monster you truly are."

The words don’t hurt Taehyung. In fact, they only make his heart ache for Jungkook — for the boy who lived life so beautifully, to have grown up with a mother and father so vile and evil. How lonely Jungkook must have felt in his last moments.

That is something that Taehyung will never forgive himself for.

“If I’m a monster for loving your son,” he whispers, turning the pin around so the sharp side is out, “than you are the devil for taking him from this world too early.”

The broom hits him once, but Taehyung feels nothing as he plunges the hairpin into her open mouth, all the way to the back of her throat. She struggles a lot less than her husband, bleeds out much faster, body crumpling to the floor before him.

“Hell is the only place that will welcome you now,” he hisses to her, throwing the broom down.

As she bleeds out, choking on her own blood, Taehyung turns away from the grisly scene. He steps over Jungkook’s father, going right back to Jungkook’s body. He hopes this is a cruel prank, that Jungkook’s eyes will flutter open, crinkling as he smiles up at him.

But he doesn’t, and Taehyung’s heart shatters in his chest.

A pain worse than death consumes him, his body trembling as he screams and wails. The moon overhead feels like it’s laughing at him as he looks up at it with a shuddering gasp, tears slipping down his cheeks. There’s a pain in his mouth, one that almost feels unbearable, but he can hardly pay it any mind when his heart is so broken.

He’s not sure how long he stays there, trembling and cradling Jungkook’s body against him. He no longer feels the cold, no longer feels much of anything.

Taehyung isn’t sure if he even has a heart left.

Carefully, gently, Taehyung lifts Jungkook up into his arms, one arm under his thighs, the other behind his back to support him. He feels hollow as Jungkook’s head lulls and rests against his shoulder, his golden hair falling in soft waves down, no longer held up with the pin.

He takes him to their tree, near the lake, and rests him in the grass leaning up against it. His bag and sword are there, right where he left them when he went to search for Jungkook earlier.

Taehyung curses his past self for waiting another hour.

He should have gone straight away — should have been there to save Jungkook, or at the very least be with him during his last moments on earth.

“I’m so sorry,” Taehyung whispers, kneeling beside Jungkook and stroking his cheek. “You died alone and I — oh, Jungkook. I’m so sorry.”

A few more tears slip from his eyes as he leans in to press a gentle kiss to Jungkook’s lips, sobbing at how unfamiliar it feels for him not to be kissed back. Pain shoots through his entire body, rolling through him in waves of pure devastation.

A life without his soulmate — it seems too impossible, too bleak.

Taehyung sits with Jungkook under the cherry blossom tree until the sun begins to rise. He holds him in his arms until he knows that it is time to say goodbye. Before people come looking, before they see him like this.

Before they try to take him away from Taehyung.

He takes a shovel from his home, where his parents still sleep, unaware of the horrors their son has faced.

Unaware of the monster he has become.

And he buries Jungkook at their tree, taking the time to gather cherry blossom petals to make a heart over the dirt mound in the ground. To carve into the tree once more.

And then he curls up against the base of the tree, unable to leave his beloved for even one moment, even as the sun begins to burn his skin.

Jungkook sighs wistfully as he looks across Seokchon lake, which is awash with a sea of pink as the cherry blossoms find themselves in full bloom. The park is crowded with couples and families, all desperate to make the most of this beautiful day; of this fleeting moment.

Jungkook is no exception.

He's always loved cherry blossoms; always found them to be a breathtaking sight that he cherishes every moment of.

Some people find the brief beauty of cherry blossoms to be sad; a reminder of the cruel nature of life. But Jungkook finds more beauty in the way that, a year after the last petal has fallen, the blossoms will bloom again.

His smile soft, he looks over at his friends, Seokjin, Namjoon, and Yoongi, the four of them squished together on a bench overlooking the lake, shaded by an old cherry blossom tree.

"This is my favorite time of the year," Jungkook says, his smile widening as he takes a sip of his iced coffee.

"You draw horror comics for a living, and yet you're still a hopeless romantic," Namjoon teases, nudging Jungkook with a laugh.

To which Jungkook pouts. "I can be both scary and romantic," he mumbles, glancing back out at the lake.

“I second that,” Yoongi says from the other side of Jungkook, bringing his iced americano to his lips to take a sip. “It’s a charm to be both scary and romantic.”

“Which part of you is romantic, Yoongi?” Seokjin asks, tone joking as he grins wolfishly at his friends. “The only thing you care about when it comes to cherry blossom season is that Starbucks has cute new reusable cups.”

Yoongi, holding his cherry blossom limited edition cup, shoves Seokjin off of the bench, making them all laugh. Seokjin’s ears turn red as he apologizes to people he ran into on accident trying not to fall onto his ass, glaring at Yoongi when he comes back over and retaliates by sitting right on his lap.

“It really is pretty out here, though,” Namjoon sighs, leaning back and looking up at the cherry blossom tree that they’re sat under.

It’s huge, as are most of the trees, the branches long and elegant as they stretch out over the lake. The sidewalks are covered in pink petals, falling like a light rain shower with every light, April breeze.

Jungkook can't stop laughing as he looks from Seokjin and Yoongi up at the tree. His heart feels so full in this moment, he thinks. Getting to see Seokchon lake turned pink with the blossoming trees, spending time with his friends, laughing and joking around in a rare moment together outside of work.

These are the moments he truly treasures.

Reaching up, he grabs a floating cherry blossom petal in his hand and holds it up in front of his face before placing it in his hair with a laugh.

"I should've brought my sketchbook. I always forget it," he says, grinning over at Namjoon. "Imagine how great this would look in watercolor..."

“Take a picture and paint it later,” Seokjin suggests as he finally gets off of Yoongi’s lap and back onto the bench after getting more than a few strange looks from passerby people. “Oooh, maybe your next story can be set during cherry blossom season. Horrifically beautiful.”

Yoongi snorts, which makes Seokjin grin again. “Is that the title?”

“Of course,” he laughs. “Catchy, huh?”

"Submit the pitch to my editor," Jungkook teases, nudging Yoongi's side with a laugh as he fishes his phone out of his pocket. And as Namjoon, Yoongi, and Seokjin playfully bicker over this new horror comic he's apparently going to write later, he opens his camera app and raises his phone to take a photo of the lake.

It's beautiful, though Jungkook thinks he'd have a better time painting from life than he would from a photo. Still, it's better than nothing, he thinks, as he lines up the shot, angling it to capture the vibrant blues and pinks; to capture the sun sparkling off the surface of the lake and the rainshower of pink petals around them. But right as he clicks the photo, he notices a man standing in frame.

His eyebrows screw together as he slowly lowers his phone, head tilting to the side. The man's dressed in all black -- a clear contrast to the vibrant spring colors in bloom around them -- his hands tucked into the pockets of his pants, overdressed in a turtleneck and a coat.

Beautiful, he thinks as his eyes rake up the man's body, taking in every striking detail as if possessed.

But when their eyes connect, Jungkook feels his breath leave his lungs as he notices the man is staring at him too.

And then he hears it, crystal clear and loud in his ears: the ringing of bells, like a wind chime dancing in the breeze.

The man holds his gaze for a few moments, hazel eyes looking almost pained. His lips pull down into a frown, eyebrows furrowing. For just a few moments, it’s like the rest of the world stops — like they aren’t in a crowded area full of people.

Like it’s just the two of them, gazes locked, staring at each other.

Almost unwilling to look away.

But the man in black finally does break eye contact, turning on his heel and starting off in the other direction. As he walks further away, out from the shade of the cherry blossom trees, he puts up a black umbrella.

“Jungkook, let’s go grab some lunch!” Seokjin calls out to him, the other three still on the bench, waiting for him to finish getting his picture. “There’s a really good ramen place just up the street!”

Jungkook barely registers Seokjin's words, his eyes following the man in black as he walks away. He's holding his breath, though he doesn't know why; almost as if exhaling will break the spell he finds himself under.

"Kook, you okay?" Namjoon calls, concern in his voice as he gets up to walk over to Jungkook.

It's enough to snap him back to his senses, his eyes darting over to his friends before looking back at the man, who's getting smaller and smaller as he continues to walk.

"One second," Jungkook says before he takes off running, pushing through the crowd as he desperately tries to reach the man.

The man in black keeps walking, in fact, he speeds up a little bit. As if he can sense that Jungkook is chasing after him. He pays no mind to the crowds, easily pushes his way through without being held up, not worried about looking rude to them.

He climbs the steps out of the park area quickly, taking them two at a time, and turns a quick corner to a cluster of buildings and shops, taking refuge in an alleyway before Jungkook can catch up to him.

Jungkook feels his heart sink into his stomach as he looks around, desperate to find the man who so easily stole his attention. Whose gaze brought the sound of bells to his ears. But he seems to have all but disappeared behind the crowds of people and the concrete jungle just outside this pocket of nature.

Slowly, his legs come to a stop as his shoulders sag and a heavy sigh leaves his lips. For some reason, his chest feels just a little bit emptier, his heart a little bit heavier. And when his friends catch up to him, he's still looking out at the crowds, hoping to catch another glimpse of the man in black.

"What was that about?" Namjoon asks, his eyebrows furrowed as he places his hand on Jungkook's shoulder.

And slowly, Jungkook turns to look at them. "I think... I think I just saw my soulmate."

Yoongi and Seokjin glance at each other, sharing a look of uncertainty. Like neither wants to bring up what they know they should.

Namjoon notices their hesitance and brings it up himself.

“Your soulmate?” he asks quietly, gently. “What about your fiancé?”

“Can we talk about this over lunch?” Yoongi cuts in, not wanting Jungkook to get upset in a crowded area. Not wanting him to feel attacked. “The restaurant is right over there.”

“Yeah, come on,” Seokjin says, putting an arm around Jungkook’s shoulder. “Tell us what you mean by that over lunch, yeah?”

As the four friends slowly start moving through the crowd, the man from the alley watches, a pained expression on his features.

It’s been around fifty years since Taehyung last saw Jungkook in his last life — one where he’d been married, had died of old age, had a child and a dog. One where he never met Taehyung.

A life where he had avoided the curse that Taehyung brings.

As he watches Jungkook until he disappears, Taehyung can’t help but yearn for him.

But he hopes that in this life, too, they won’t meet again.

For Jungkook’s sake.

Jungkook is still in a daze as he pokes idly at his ramen, his mind still on the man in black. He can still picture him so vividly, the passing minutes doing nothing to age his memories. 

A heavy sigh leaves his lips as he remembers striking hazel eyes and the sound of bells, which are still ringing in his ears long after. 

I want to see him again,

he thinks, chewing nervously on his lower lip.

I need to see him again. 

"So, Kook, what did you mean by soulmate?" Namjoon asks carefully, sharing a look with the rest of their friends before turning back to Jungkook who's staring into space as if possessed. 

Jungkook looks up from his ramen, noticing the heavy gazes from his friends, and sighs. "That man in black. In the park. When I met his eyes, I heard the bells," he says, his cheeks coloring as he realizes how cheesy that sounds. Like something out of an anime. But he knows what he saw. 

“Bells?” Seokjin asks, eyebrows furrowing.

Yoongi finished slurping a large bite into his mouth, chewing thoughtfully for a few moments. “What about Sungmin?”

They’re all quiet as they look at Jungkook, waiting to hear the answer.

Guilt swirls in Jungkook's stomach as he looks back down at his ramen, poking at it again. Suddenly he doesn't feel so hungry, especially when he can't stop thinking about the man in black.

He's engaged, he shouldn't be thinking about other men.

"I'm not saying I don't care for Sungmin," he says, glancing up at them, his expression pained as his stomach tightens. "But I don't think he's my soulmate..."

Seokjin’s expression softens as he reaches across the table to pat Jungkook’s hand gently. “Well, what were you going to do if you caught up to your soulmate?”

Yoongi kicks Seokjin’s shin under the table, making him hiss and retract his hand.

“Maybe there were bells playing somewhere and it was just some random guy,” Yoongi offers as gently as he can. “I mean, if you find your soulmate, would you really want to stay with Sungmin?”

It's such a loaded question, he thinks, because there's so much more to his engagement with Sungmin than a connection. They have such a deep history, they get along well, and their marriage is advantageous. And Jungkook's comfortable.

He has no idea what he would've done if he caught up with the man in black. But his chest tightens thinking about never seeing him again.

"I don't know," he mumbles, scratching at his chin and looking up at his friends with a wry smile. "Maybe I was just imagining things."

Namjoon hums as he squeezes Jungkook's shoulder, offering him a small smile. "Well, I'm sure if he's your soulmate, you'll meet again." 

“Yeah, soulmates are drawn to each other,” Seokjin adds as he gathers a large bite of ramen on his chopsticks. “If it’s meant to be, you’ll definitely run into each other again.”

Yoongi nods in agreement, popping his hard boiled egg into his mouth. “It’s probably some kind of coincidence or something.”

"Yeah, coincidence," Jungkook says, nodding his head and finally taking a bite of his ramen. As he chews, he pulls his phone out of his pocket, opening up his photo album so the picture of the lake he'd taken earlier.

And there, in the corner of the photo, is the man in black.

Zooming in on his face, he feels his heart shudder in his chest, squeezing almost painfully. And he swears he can still hear the ringing bells in the distance as he looks into those sharp, hazel eyes.

Sungmin's home is spacious and warm, immaculately decorated and always clean. Sometimes Jungkook thinks it looks like a furniture showroom, but he supposes that's because his apartment always looks like it's been hit by a tornado: dishes in the sink, comics and art supplies piled up everywhere, bookshelves overstuffed and overflowing. He doesn't mind it though and always seems to know where everything is.

His friends call him scatterbrained, but there's a method to his mess.

Sitting at Sungmin's dining room table, he takes slow bites of the pasta his fiancee prepared for them as he looks over at the papers and magazines spread across the table.

Pictures of centerpieces, brochures and printouts from various venues, lists of caterers and menus. It's all so overwhelming, though Sungmin seems to enjoy it.

"It all sounds good to me," Jungkook says with a small smile before he takes another bite of pasta, washing it down with a sip of wine.

Sungmin hums as he pushes two images toward Jungkook, his own pasta and wine cold by now, mostly uneaten. “How about between these two?” he asks with a smile. “Lilies or roses?”

Wedding planning has been going slow, mostly because Sungmin is busy at the company, and Jungkook is busy with his comics. It’s hard to find time when they both aren’t exhausted to think about things like centerpieces and wedding menus.

“Oh, I was thinking maybe this weekend we could go cake tasting,” Sungmin adds, watching Jungkook patiently look at the two flower images he’s spread in front of him. “How does that sound? Are you free?”

Jungkook looks up from the photos, his smile softening as he sees how excited Sungmin looks at the prospect of cake tasting. Leaning back in his chair, he wracks his brain for his weekend schedule and, while he does have plans with Yoongi, he's sure Yoongi will understand if he pushes them out.

"I'm free this weekend. Just let me know when you want to go," he says, before looking back down at the pictures. "Also, I think I like the lilies most." Truthfully, they're both beautiful, but if there's anything he knows, it's aesthetic. Though his aesthetic errs more on the side of a haunted house.

Sungmin’s smile widens as he pulls them back over to him, using a red pen to circle the lilies on the page. “I like the lilies best, too,” he says, adjusting his glasses as he looks up at Jungkook.

With flower picking out of the way, he starts going over catering menus with Jungkook, asking what kind of main dishes they would rather serve. They narrow it down some, but Sungmin wants to ask for more opinions, or taste the food before making an official decision.

“How’s the new comic coming along?” he asks as he finally slides his pasta over to start eating it again, not seeming to mind that it’s lukewarm at best by now.

Jungkook's still picking at the last of his pasta, taking slow sips of wine between every bite. Setting his fork down, he relaxes in his seat as he finishes off his glass.

"It's going great," he says with a grin as he refills his and Sungmin's wine glasses. "We finally made it to the top three most popular comics on the site and Yoongi mentioned that there's been talk of someone buying the rights to create a drama."

Just the thought has his heart fluttering and eyes shining. He never dreamed that something he was working on could be made into a drama or a movie. Hell, even a short film. But the fact that this could become a reality has him over the moon.

Sungmin gently touches the back of Jungkook’s hand, the matching rings on their fingers catching in the light from the chandelier above.

“That’s incredible!” he tells him, words sincere. “I’m so happy for you guys, that’s an amazing opportunity.”

As he goes back to eating, he listens to Jungkook talk about his comic and some of the nice things people have said about it. Sungmin doesn’t usually read them — not because he doesn’t support Jungkook, but because he frightens easily.

But he does promise to watch the drama, only if Jungkook holds his hand when they do.

Jungkook feels himself relaxing the longer he and Sungmin talk. And slowly, thoughts of the man in black fade into the back of his mind.

(Where they'll linger until later, he's sure.)

Slowly, the guilt gnawing at his stomach begins to ease up, the tightness in his chest becoming just a little bit lighter. And he reaches over to take Sungmin's hand, squeezing it gently. He's lucky, right? To have such a caring and supporting partner? To be marrying one of his oldest friends?

Not many people have that. And he knows he should cherish it.

After dinner, Sungmin cleans up the table and washes the dishes. His home is always neat, always put together, as if he never feels too tired or too lazy to do what needs to be done in the moment.

“Are you staying the night?” he asks as he dries his hands on a towel before hanging it up at the sink. “Or should I drive you home?”

It’s getting late now, and it is a work day. Sungmin glances down at the watch on his wrist, tired, knowing he’ll be waking up in some hours to return to the office for another busy day of work.

Jungkook looks at the clock on his phone, noticing how late it's gotten. Stretching, he slips his phone back into his pocket with a soft smile. "I'll take the train back. You need your rest," he says, leaning in to press a gentle kiss against Sungmin's cheek.

"Let me know about the cake tasting, okay?"

Sungmin smiles, relieved, as he presses a kiss to Jungkook’s cheek, too. “Okay, I’ll text you the details tomorrow,” he offers, walking with him to the door. “I think our parents wanted to have a big family dinner together, but I can always say we’re busy with wedding stuff instead.”

That’s another thing about Sungmin — he feels the same way Jungkook does about those full family dinner parties. Too much pressure, too much business talk. It always makes it feel less about their families and more about the companies.

Jungkook laughs, giving Sungmin's hand a gentle squeeze as he stands in the doorway. "Our parents can wait for the rehearsal dinner," he teases, his smile widening into a grin as relief fills his chest. Family dinners are so overwhelming, not to mention boring. So much business talk. He can't even count the number of times he's stared off into space and come up with new ideas for his next comics.

"I'll talk to you later. Have a good day at work tomorrow."

Sungmin holds the door open for him, offering a small wave as Jungkook steps out. “Good night, Jungkook,” he replies. “See you this weekend.”

As Jungkook steps away from the house, Sungmin slowly closes the door, and the lights in the windows go off one by one, signaling that he is, in fact, going straight to bed.

Though Sungmin doesn’t do much besides eat, sleep and work these days.

Jungkook watches the last light go off before he finally leaves to head to the train station. The night is chilly and refreshing, a pleasant shiver ripping up his spine as he slides his hands into the pockets of his coat.

And as he pulls his phone out to text Namjoon, he unlocks it to find the photo from the lake still open, the man in black staring up at him. And his stomach twists and his heart flutters.

(And slowly, the guilt begins to gnaw at him anew.)

Taehyung is standing in front of his large window, staring out at Seokchon lake, the cherry blossom trees still visible thanks to the lights set up around the lake and Lotte World casting a bright glow over it. It’s late now, but he can’t stop thinking about Jungkook.

He takes Taehyung’s breath away (well, if he had any, he would) every time he sees him. In each lifetime, Jungkook only seems to grow more and more beautiful.

Seeing him today caused a pain as great as the day he lost him the first time; the torment of being so close, yet so far from him always burns and makes him feel heavy. The kind of heavy that feeding cannot fix.

It brings him a sense of peace, too, to see him alive and well in this life, just as he was in the last.

And Taehyung plans to keep it that way, to keep his distance and keep his cursed, monstrous hands far away from the beauty that is his soulmate. It’s the only way to keep him safe.

The sound of his apartment door opening doesn’t startle him, doesn’t make his gaze waver from the cherry blossom tree down below. The very one that is

tree. Taehyung knows that it’s Jimin, for he’s the only one in this world that knows the passcode to get into his apartment.

"Evening," Jimin says as he closes the door behind him, hoisting a large cooler further up on his hip. "I brought take-out."

He laughs at his own joke as he toes off his shoes and pads into the kitchen. Setting the cooler down on the kitchen counter, he pops it open so he can start moving blood bags into Taehyung's fridge.

Glancing over at Taehyung, a small frown tugs at the corners of his lips as he notices him staring out the window quietly. It's nothing new to see Taehyung brooding -- it's kind of his thing -- but still.

Taehyung doesn’t answer right away, his gaze seemingly far away as he thinks of Jungkook. How beautiful he’d looked today, in this life. Blonde hair, just like the first time they fell in love, falling in soft tendrils that framed his face. Permanent little crinkles around his big, doe eyes — the product of smiling a lot. A happy life.

How Taehyung longed to reach for him, to hear his voice again, to run his fingers through his hair and pull him close.

“I saw him today,” he finally answers Jimin, tone low and quiet, eyes glued to the cherry blossom tree down below.

Over the centuries, Taehyung has learned that befriending others is more painful than it is to be alone. But Park Jimin wrestled his way into Taehyung’s shattered, blackened heart, and is now the only human on this earth right now that he willingly speaks with.

At least, about things outside of work or small talk when he’s at the shop to buy things he needs.

Slowly, Jimin's hands fall to his sides, the blood bags forgotten as he crosses the room to stand behind Taehyung. "Oh Tae. What happened?" he asks quietly, reaching out to squeeze Taehyung's shoulder gently.

This close, he can see the pain in Taehyung's eyes; can see the way Taehyung's eyes are unable to leave the cherry blossom trees down below. And it makes his heart ache as if he's experiencing this heartbreak himself.

“He was there,” Taehyung says, voice breaking with emotion, his lips downturned into a frown. “At our tree.”

When Taehyung arrived at the lake to visit their tree, he’d been surprised to see Jungkook from across the way, laughing with friends. For a few minutes, he’d allowed himself to watch, to admire that smile that once used to be aimed at him, in a handful of different lifetimes.

And when their eyes met, Taehyung felt that familiar yearning in his chest, his fingers twitching at his sides. Like his entire body was trying to force him forward, to close that distance between them, to wrap Jungkook in his arms and never let go again.

“He chased after me, but I didn’t let him catch up to me,” he whispers, bringing a hand up to rest against the cold glass. The temperature doesn’t bother him. “What if that’s the only glimpse of him I see in this lifetime? What if it

Jimin grips Taehyung's shoulder a little bit tighter before slowly pulling him in for a half-hug. Glancing over Taehyung's shoulder, he can see that cherry blossom tree. And he can only imagine how hard it was for Taehyung. Seeing his soulmate so close.

From all that he's heard from Taehyung, he has a feeling this won't be the last time they meet. Fate is tenacious.

"There's a chance you'll see him again," he says quietly, offering Taehyung a small smile even though he's not sure if that's a good thing or not.

“I hope we don’t meet again in this life,” Taehyung whispers, closing his eyes finally and allowing himself to lean into Jimin just a little bit. He rarely allows himself to be comforted, but tonight, he feels a little bit more weak.

A little bit more sad than usual.

“I’m like a death omen to him,” he sighs, reaching up to run a hand over his face. “If we meet again in this life, then I cannot allow him to get close to me.”

Jimin holds Taehyung as tightly as he can without overstepping, keeping his touches light and gentle. As comforting as he can. He doesn't know what to say to make Taehyung feel better, and he has a feeling that nothing he could say would.

Because no matter what happens, Taehyung's destined to be miserable. Either he loses his soulmate again or he doesn't get to see him at all.

"It's going to be okay, Tae," he says quietly, squeezing him again. "Seoul's a big city. I'm sure you'll both be fine..."

Taehyung lets his shoulders drop a little, opening his eyes and letting out a quiet sigh. He hopes Jimin is right, hopes that Jungkook will stay far away from him. For both of their sakes.

He can’t watch the love of his life die again.

“Thank you, Jimin,” Taehyung says as he straightens himself out again, hands running down over his black sweater. “How much do I owe you for the blood? Let me get my phone and I’ll transfer it to you right now.”

He walks over to his couch, picking his phone up from it to open his bank app. This, at least, is routine. Paying Jimin, getting his meals for the next week or month — however much Jimin can snag for him without looking suspicious. Routine makes Taehyung feel better, more at ease, less anxious.

Seeing Jungkook in any lifetime for the first time always has him a bit out of sorts, but pushing himself into his usual routine again usually helps take his mind off of it.

Jimin heads back into the kitchen so he can finish unpacking the blood bags and storing them into the fridge. "Usual amount should be good," he says with a small smile, straightening out the bags and making sure they're packed carefully in the fridge.

"Oh, I got a new hookup at a different blood bank, so I should be able to get you a few more bags under the table."

Taehyung sends the money to Jimin, dropping his phone back to the couch before wandering into the kitchen. His fridge, while very much brand new looking, is empty aside from the blood being loaded into it. Just like the rest of his kitchen — empty.

He doesn’t need to do any cooking, after all. Eating food makes him feel sick, in fact.

Probably part of the curse, to not get to enjoy anything life has to offer.

Evil hag, he thinks as he thanks Jimin again, letting his fridge fall shut.

“That would be great, thank you,” Taehyung says, sliding his hands into his pockets. “Though the amount you bring is enough for me to sustain myself. I appreciate your hard work.”

Jimin offers Taehyung a small smile as he closes up his cooler and sets it on the ground. "Of course. Anything you need, I'll get it for you," he says with a playful wink, adding some finger guns in there for good measure.

"You want me to stay for a bit? It's my day off tomorrow."

Taehyung almost wants to say no, because he wants to wallow in his self pity and misery. But he supposes having some time to do something with someone would probably be a better way to spend his time.

Besides, it’s not like he won’t have plenty of time to wallow in his misery later. He’s got eternity, after all, and that’s a lot of wallowing.

“Sure,” he answers instead, glancing around his apartment for things that they could do. While his home is nice, he doesn’t particularly have many entertaining things within it. At least not for two or more people. “Would you prefer to stay in or go out somewhere?”

As much as Jimin loves going out, he'd hate to be out at a club and run into Taehyung's soulmate again. He's almost positive it's going to happen eventually.

Not that he's going to say that to Taehyung.

Instead, his smile widens into a grin. "We could have a movie marathon?"

Taehyung’s eyes narrow at his friend’s grin. “You’re not going to make me watch those movies about the sparkly vampires again, are you?” he asks, tone accusing as he watches Jimin laugh. “We’ve seen them three times…”

The first time, Taehyung had been a little bit offended. The second and third time he’d simply handed a box of tissues to Jimin while he cried during the emotional parts of the movies, watching it boredly.

He’s sure that if Jimin wants to watch those movies again, Taehyung would much rather wallow in his misery.

Jimin scoffs, putting his hand over his heart as if he's offended. And maybe he kind of is. Kind of. "Hey, those are good movies. Don't disrespect Edward and Bella's relationship," he says, swatting Taehyung's arm playfully.

"But, for your information, I was going to suggest something else." Something less romantic. Something that won't remind Taehyung of Jungkook. "Like, horror movies or something?"

Taehyung perks up at the mention of watching horror movies. It sounds significantly more fun than rewatching the Twilight saga again while Jimin cries into his couch pillow.

“Yes, let’s do that,” he agrees quickly, turning on his heel and striding over to his couch to sit down and turn on netflix. “I believe there is a new horror movie on netflix. I haven’t seen it yet, we could give that one a try.”

His eyes scan through the list of movies until he finds it, a movie about a haunted asylum (Taehyung almost rolls his eyes. As

ghosts are real, psh) and loads it up before pausing it so that they can get comfortable and settled to watch it.

Jimin plops down on the couch next to Taehyung, grabbing one of the five thousand blankets hanging off the back of the couch. Bundling himself up in it, he grabs a pillow and hugs it close too.

Because maybe he doesn't love horror movies. Especially ones that look as scary as the one Taehyung just picked.

The things he does for his favorite vampire...

"All right, let's go," he says, kicking his feet out onto the coffee table.

Taehyung presses play eagerly before tossing the remote down on the table. He dims the lights, so that it’s dark in the apartment, settling into the lounge part of his couch, kicking his feet up.

And for the next almost two hours, he gets to take his mind off of Jungkook, off of their meeting earlier and the sinking feeling in his chest that is usually empty, but now is filled with a deep, painful yearning.

For two hours, he gets to enjoy a movie that isn’t really all that scary at all, and watch as his friend nearly loses his mind in fear, clutching pillows and blankets and yelling whenever a jumpscare appears on screen.

It’s not much, but for a little while, it’s enough to ease Taehyung.

Jungkook finds himself back at Seokchon Lake -- back at that cherry blossom tree with the initials carved into its trunk -- more than a few times. The first time, he goes just to capture the beauty of cherry blossom season like he wanted to the other day. He brings his sketchbook and portable watercolor set and paints for an hour, enjoying the beautiful spring day.

But after his painting is done, he sticks around a little bit longer, hands in the pocket of his hoodie as he scans the crowds as if looking for someone.

And when he doesn't find said someone, he comes back again. And again.

By the third time, he's given up all pretenses. He might still have his sketchbook tucked away in his backpack -- he always does -- but it isn't even out as he watches the crowds, chewing on his lower lip nervously as he thinks about the man in black.

The memory of his face -- of his piercing hazel eyes -- imprinted in his mind as if it's fresh.

It’s on the third time that the man appears at the lake again — though, truthfully, he’s come each day, as well, as if drawn to the cherry blossom tree. As if drawn to Jungkook. This time, though, the man doesn’t spot Jungkook right away and flee, like he has the last two times.

He walks with an umbrella over his head to block out the sunlight that’s starting to slowly fade as the afternoon moves closer and closer to evening. After he scanned the area and didn’t see Jungkook, he felt more secure about coming, his eyes down on his phone as he declines an invite to get dinner with all of his coworkers and his boss, Hoseok.

As he slips his phone into the pockets of his black slacks, Taehyung stops, his eyes going wide at the sight of Jungkook, crouching down in front of the tree, fingers touching over the trunk, where two engravings still reside.

Engravings that Taehyung carved in long, long ago.

A heavy sigh leaves Jungkook's lips as he idly traces over the engravings, initials carved into wood with the promise of forever written underneath. The carving looks old and he wonders how long ago they were written.

If TH and JK are still together? Did they get their happily ever after?

Were they soulmates?

(The similarity of the initials on the tree and his own aren't lost on him. But it's probably nothing more than a coincidence.)

Standing up, he grabs his bag and slings it over his shoulder as he turns to leave. It's getting late, after all, and he's behind on work from blowing it off for three days. But as he looks up, his eyes fall upon the man in black; the one he's been searching for. And as their eyes meet, he hears the ringing bells again, so bright and crystal clear.

"You," he whispers, his eyes widening as he takes a step forward.

Jungkook’s voice drifts to Taehyung’s ears, despite the slight distance between them, despite the way it’s whispered. And it sends a sharp pang of yearning through Taehyung’s entire body, makes him throb with the urge to hold him. The kind of yearning that he has to force himself not to give into.

He takes a step back, a breath leaving his lips in surprise.

With no good comeback and fear reminding him that he should be nowhere near Jungkook if he wants to protect him, Taehyung turns on his heel and immediately starts walking away briskly. He knocks into someone in his rush to get away, umbrella dropping, and he hisses as the skin on his hand burns in the sunlight.

He goes to reach for the umbrella, but when he sees Jungkook getting too close for comfort, he shields his hands in his pockets and ducks his head and keeps walking, gritting his teeth when the sunlight peeks through the trees just enough to burn him every few moments.

As the man takes off again, Jungkook immediately chases after him. He draws a few stares, but he doesn't care, determination overpowering any embarrassment he might feel.

Because he's not letting this man go again.

(Hell, he's even wearing his running shoes this time. That's how determined he is.)

When the man drops his umbrella, Jungkook immediately scoops it up off the ground, closing it and tucking it underneath his arm before taking off running again.

"Wait, you dropped your umbrella!" he calls, his heart squeezing in his chest, rising up into his throat as he pushes himself to run faster.

If Taehyung’s heart wasn’t dead, he’s sure it would be racing at hearing that familiar, soft voice calling out to him. He can hear Jungkook’s footsteps getting louder in his ears, getting closer, and unless Taehyung takes off in an actual sprint, there’s no way he won’t catch up to him.

He’s just about to do that when there’s a break in the trees, and sunlight burns straight over his face, making him snarl and turn on his heel to rush back into the safety of the shade, and coincidentally, right into Jungkook’s chest.

It makes Jungkook stumble a little, the hit unexpected for him, and Taehyung’s instincts can’t be ignored he his hands dart out to grab his shoulders and steady him before he can fall back onto his butt.

As soon as Taehyung realizes what he’s done, he pulls his hands away, one charred and burned badly from the sun. He shoves it into his coat pocket, popping the collar to shield the side of his face from getting blasted again.

Jungkook's eyes widen as he steadies himself on his feet, suddenly face-to-face with the man in black. And when his eyes catch a glimpse of his hand -- of what looks like an injury -- his heart squeezes violently in his chest.

Immediately, he opens the umbrella and lifts it over the man's head, blocking out the last of the sun.

"You dropped this," he says again, stepping a little bit closer to try and look into Taehyung's eyes.

If seeing Jungkook and knowing he can’t hold him in this life is painful, being this close to him again is a high like no other Taehyung has ever felt. It’s been over a century since he’s felt Jungkook’s touch, since he’s truly heard his voice.

He is just as beautiful — if not more so — than he was the last time Taehyung saw him.

“Thank you,” Taehyung answers, reaching up with the hand that isn’t burned to take the umbrella handle from him. Their fingers brush during the exchange, and it makes that aching, yearning feeling in his hollow heart bloom in all the empty spaces of his chest.

Jungkook's heart tightens as their fingers brush, his breath hitching in his throat. At all once, he feels dizzy with a feeling he can't explain, his chest aching with a desire he can't even name. It feels as if the ground is crumbling underneath his feet and yet building itself anew at the same time.

It's so intense he can hardly think, let alone breathe. All he knows is that he can't let this man go again.

He can't lose him again.

"Are you okay?" he asks, though he can't look away from Taehyung's eyes. It almost feels like he's pinned to the spot, but he doesn't want to leave. Doesn't want to look away for even a moment.

“I—“ Taehyung pauses, caught off guard slightly as his eyebrows furrow. “What?”

Being this close to Jungkook again is ten times more intense than the last time they were. Over a hundred years ago, dressed in very different fashion. Jungkook had been older in that lifetime, too, but they’d wasted no time falling into each other. Falling in love, not for the first time.

And it would seem, not for the last time, either.

Taehyung swallows nervously, the scent of Jungkook’s blood so inviting and comforting — like home.

When he realizes that he must be talking about his hand, Taehyung clears his throat, tries to regain his composure and stoic expression. “Yes, I’m fine. Thank you for returning my umbrella to me, but I must be going now.”

A spike of panic immediately shoots through Jungkook's heart, his eyes widening even more. Without thinking, he reaches out to grip Taehyung's hand, his ears coloring and cheeks flushing in embarrassment as he realizes how forward he's being.

But every cell in his body seems to be screaming at him: don't let him walk away. Don't let this be the end.

"Wait, don't go," he all but rushes out, cheeks burning even brighter. "Um, what's your name?"

Hundreds of years later and Taehyung is still just as weak for Jeon Jungkook as he was the first day they fell in love under the cherry blossom tree in their hometown. Feeling Jungkook’s skin touch his hand sends another pang of want, of yearning, of desire.

“Taehyung,” he finds himself answering before he can help himself, his soul practically crying out for Jungkook’s. “Kim Taehyung.”

He doesn’t need to ask for Jungkook’s, but since Jungkook doesn’t remember all their lifetimes together like Taehyung does, he asks, anyway. “And you are?”

"Kim Taehyung," Jungkook breathes out as if in a trance, the name sounding so perfect on the tip of his tongue. In fact, he almost says it again, though his still-present embarrassment stops him.

He feels like a fanboy stopping a celebrity on the street, his eyes sparkling as if looking at the stars themselves.

Squeezing Taehyung's hand a little bit tighter, he finds the corners of his lips turning up in a smile. Which slowly widens as warmth begins to fill the empty spaces of his own heart. "I'm Jeon Jungkook."

It has been a long, long time since this smile was directed at him specifically, and Taehyung can’t help the wave of emotions that courses through him at seeing it up close again after so long. Like he’s a man starved and dehydrated, finally being fed and given water.

It makes him crave more, his eyes struggling to leave Jungkook’s mouth.

“A pleasure to meet you, Jeon Jungkook,” Taehyung says, voice low and quiet, gentle. His heart burns.

As much as he’d like to see Jungkook again, to know more about him in this lifetime, too, Taehyung knows that he can’t. But he finds himself wondering the same thing that he wonders in every lifetime — what he wonders especially in the ones where he only catches a glimpse of Jungkook, never getting to meet him.

“Are you happy, Jungkook?”

Jungkook's eyes widen, a pout forming on his lips as he tilts his head and furrows his eyebrows. The question takes him by surprise and he struggles to form an answer.

He doesn't notice that he's still holding Taehyung's hand.

"Right now?" he asks, chewing at his lower lip.

Is he happy? He thinks he's pretty happy most days. Well, maybe not so much "happy" as he is content. He likes his job, he loves his friends, his partner is kind. But he's not sure Taehyung wants to hear his entire life's story.

So instead he smiles softly and looks into Taehyung's eyes and says, "Right now I am."

All that matters to Taehyung, ever since the day he first met Jungkook, when they were just little kids running around the village during the Goryeo dynasty, is that Jungkook is safe and happy. In every lifetime, in every universe.

Even if it is without him.

“I’m glad,” Taehyung says, relieved. Relieved that in this life, Jungkook can be happy. That the laugh lines around his mouth and the crinkles around his eyes are truly from laughter, from smiling.

He knows he should leave, but Taehyung’s feet feel as though they’re cemented to the very ground he stands on. The thought of leaving Jungkook now is painful, and Taehyung must trample his soul’s crying down with harsh words and reminders of the suffering they have faced in the past.

Of the suffering that Jungkook will surely face if he stays much longer.

The longer Jungkook thinks about the question, the weirder it sounds. But still, hearing Taehyung's verbal relief brings him a comfort he doesn't quite understand, filling the tiny cracks in his heart with strokes of gold.

Later, he's going to look back at this interaction, horrified by his own boldness. But for now, he can't help but feel comforted.

"Are you happy, Taehyung?" he asks, tilting his head again, blinking at Taehyung almost owlishly.

Happiness is a feeling that Taehyung has felt in only brief, small moments over the centuries, usually followed by the kind of pain that would kill an average human. He’s not sure if he could ever find the words to describe how it feels to lose the love of your life not just once, but nearly a dozen times.

That is the kind of pain that no one should be forced to endure — especially not more than once.

But as Taehyung sees Jungkook’s doe eyes staring at him, his fingers wrapped around Taehyung’s holding the umbrella up, he can’t bring himself to lie.

“Right now, I think I am,” he answers softly, expression melting a little bit as he watches another smile bloom across Jungkook’s features.

If being close to Jungkook in these small moments is all the happiness that Taehyung gets, then he’s going to soak up as much as he can.

Jungkook's smile softens, as do his eyes. And he's sure he's practically glowing, his heart so full he's sure it's going to burst.

Later, when he isn't so mystified -- when he isn't starstruck -- he'll think about this moment a little deeper. Later, he'll process his emotions and try to understand them.

But right now, as he looks into Taehyung's eyes, all he knows is that he's standing in front of his soulmate. And in this moment, he feels complete.

"Do you like coffee?" he asks, his ears burning a brighter red as his heart flutters.

Jungkook’s soft smile reminds Taehyung of all the different Jungkooks who have smiled at him like this. And he still thinks that this one is the most beautiful.

“I love coffee,” Taehyung answers, a lie. He hates the stuff, too bitter, and most human drinks and foods make him feel sick.

But for Jungkook, Taehyung will brave flu-like symptoms. For a little more time with his soulmate, he will brave just about anything.

Jungkook's smile immediately widens, his heart somehow feeling even fuller. His hand tightens around Taehyung's, and though he knows he's held on long enough, there's a part of him that doesn't want to let go.

"Would you like to get coffee with me sometime?" he asks, eyes wide, expression hopeful. "It doesn't have to be now..."

Taehyung knows it’s a bad idea. He knows it is, but he can’t help but want to be a little selfish. To want to be close to Jungkook, to see his smile and feel his touch. He’s grateful that Jungkook has continued to hold his hand, the touch familiar and grounding.

But he knows when Jungkook lets go, Taeyung’s heart will break again.

“I’d like that,” he answers, despite knowing that he shouldn’t.

But the heart wants what the heart wants.

Jungkook's practically grinning as he reaches into his pocket with his free hand, tugging his phone out. "Okay, um, just let me know when you're free," he says, biting down on his lower lip almost shyly as he opens up his contacts.

"Could I have your phone number?"

Taehyung rattles off his phone number to him, not wanting to bring his free hand out from his pocket, knowing that it’s still charred skin. He’ll have to ask Jimin to help him with it later, knows that he’s got some cream that usually takes the pain away.

“I’m free any evening,” he tells him, not wanting to chance meeting in the sunlight again until he’s fully healed, at least. “I usually work until about six.”

It’s a lie, but not a far off one. Taehyung works strange hours, usually from midnight until five in the morning or so, getting all of his work done quickly and sending it off to his boss, Hoseok for checking over. Working remotely benefits his nocturnal schedule.

It also doesn’t hurt that he doesn’t actually have to sleep.

Jungkook adds Taehyung into his phone contacts, adding a cherry blossom emoji after his name. And then he sends Taehyung a quick text message so he has his number too. Just a simple "hi it's jungkook!!" with a few emojis after it.

All the while, his hand still holds Taehyung's.

"I'm free around the same time. Some days I work later than others, but most days I'm free around dinner time," he says, sliding his phone back into his pocket.

Taehyung nods slowly, making note of that. Though, he can’t help but wonder if Jungkook works those hours, why he was at the tree for the last three days during supposed work hours.

Not that he’s going to ask and give himself away.

“Okay,” Taehyung says, his expression softening a little bit as he notices how beautiful the setting sunlight looks against Jungkook’s skin. “Sounds perfect.”

Biting down on his lower lip, smile still stretching the corners of his lips, Jungkook continues to watch Taehyung, not wanting to pull away. Not wanting this moment to end, even if there's the promise of another one.

(Not when this moment feels so complete in a way Jungkook's never experienced before.)

Opening his mouth to say something, he shuts it again when he notices a cherry blossom petal float through the wind, landing in Taehyung's hair. And without thinking, he steps closer to pluck it off of Taehyung.

"I should let you go," he says quietly, holding the petal up with a small smile.

Taehyung’s eyes widen when Jungkook steps closer, his vision zeroing in on the pink petal he holds up with a smile. And maybe it’s because he can remember Jungkook plucking cherry blossom petals from his hair hundreds of years ago, but it makes the corners of his mouth twitch up ever so slightly.

“Thank you for returning my umbrella,” he tells him, eyes not leaving Jungkook’s, gaze tender. Voice soft. “It was nice meeting you, Jungkook.”

He takes a step back, their hands slowly dropping from one another’s. As much as Taehyung would like to stay, to be the one to watch Jungkook walk away, he knows that if he doesn’t leave now, they’ll never part ways.

So he turns and starts to head home, the umbrella still over his head, protecting him from the last of the suns afternoon rays as it dips below the horizon.

Jungkook lets himself be the one to watch Taehyung walk away, his eyes following him until he disappears into the crowd. 

As soon as he loses sight of Taehyung, his heart deflates just a little bit, as if a piece of it went with Taehyung. And he's almost sure it did, as it's never felt so full before in his life. 

But his hand still tingles from where their fingers touched. And between his fingers, he's still holding the cherry blossom petal, evidence that his meeting Taehyung was real. Which is enough to satisfy him until they meet again. 

Opening his sketchbook, he placed the cherry blossom petal gently between the pages before closing it again. And after tucking it back away in his bag, he finally turns to walk back home. 

Passing by the cherry blossom tree with the engraving TH&JK FOREVER. 

When Taehyung returns home, the sun is mostly set, the sky a pretty orange color as the stars begin to appear in the sky. They don’t see them as often in Seoul, but tonight, it seems like they’re out and bright, almost like they’re mocking Taehyung for being foolish.

How many times will he suffer before he’s learned his lesson?

Grabbing a blood bag from the fridge, Taehyung lets his fangs out, poking one into the bag to start sucking the plasma from it like a juice box. As he does, he paces his apartment, restless, uncertain, and afraid.

Yet even with the anxiety beginning to swirl inside of his heart, he feels excitement about seeing Jungkook again.

“Idiot,” he mutters to himself as he makes his way up the stairs to his bedroom, pushing the door open harshly. He goes to his closet and shoves the doors open, angry with himself for allowing this to happen again.

If he cannot control himself, then he’ll just have to punish himself.

Grabbing a box from the top shelf, Taehyung pulls it down and sets it on his floor, staring down at it. He finishes his blood bag, setting it down on top of his dresser before kneeling in front of the box, slowly lifting the lid.

Inside are the trinkets and photos and letters from past lives — memories of himself and Jungkook’s history over the centuries.

Memories of all the Jungkooks who have died for falling in love with a monster.

Downstairs, the door chimes as Jimin punches in the code and steps inside. He's carrying takeout -- for himself, of course -- and a bag of books he borrowed from the library for Taehyung. (Turns out you can't get a library card when you're a thousand years old or whatever.)

"Tae?" he calls out, setting the bag by the door before making his way into the kitchen. When he's met with silence, he frowns and places his takeout by the stove before making his way through the apartment. 

His feet carry him upstairs, following the trail of lights until he makes it to Taehyung's bedroom. And when he sees Taehyung on the floor, his hand burnt and his box of keepsakes out, his heart squeezes. 

"Tae, are you okay?" he asks, crouching down to take a look at Taehyung's hand. 

In Taehyung’s unburned hand is the jade hairpin that belonged to the first Jungkook he ever loved, his long fingers wrapped around it as his eyes glass over. He swallows down the anger and sadness he feels when he sees it, when he remembers the night his life changed.

The night Jungkook’s mother cursed him, a witch with evil intentions, and turned him into a monster.

“I’m fine,” he sighs, setting the hairpin back in the box and looking up at Jimin. “Just a bit of sunburn. Nothing some aloe and rest can’t fix.”

Jimin sighs, his eyes following the hairpin into the box before looking up at Taehyung with a wry smile. "Hold on, let me get the first aid kit," he says, jumping up so he can run to the bathroom. He'd stashed a fully stocked first aid kit here a long time ago, filled to the brim with things Taehyung might need in case he got burned. 

Grabbing said first aid kit, Jimin plops down next to Taehyung so he can begin working on his hand. But as he does, his eyes drift back toward the box.

"Did something happen today?" he asks, looking back up at Taehyung. 

Taehyung is lost in time somewhere, staring at the objects in the box. The hairpin, a golden locket with a photo of Jungkook inside, rings they wore when they promised to be each other in another life. So many memories.

Happy memories painted in sadness.

“I saw Jungkook again,” he answers quietly, wincing slightly as Jimin applies aloe to his hand. It hurts, but then it soothes. “He spoke to me.”

Jimin's hands still for a moment, his heart squeezing tight in his chest as he looks up at Taehyung. A quiet sigh gets stuck in his throat and he swallows it down. Instead, he goes back to applying aloe to Taehyung's burns.

"What did he say? And... how do you feel about that?" he asks, remembering the last conversation he had with Taehyung about Jungkook. About how hard it was to see him. About how he hoped Jungkook stayed far away.

Looks like fate had something else in store...

Taehyung glances at Jimin, carefully applying the aloe to his charred hand. It’s one of the worst burns he’s gotten in a long time, but even the pain of it can’t amount to the pain and fear ringing in his hollow chest.

“He asked me out for coffee,” he sighs, his free hand running through his dark, messy hair. “I said yes. But… I don’t think I will actually go.”

He sets his jaw, thinks about the phone in his pocket that can easily call or message Jungkook.

He has access to Jungkook anytime now, the only thing keeping himself from his soulmate now is his own restraint.

This surely must be hell.

Jimin's heart squeezes even tighter, that sigh finally escaping his lips as he finishes taking care of Taehyung's hand. If this were anyone else, Jimin would be encouraging them to go after whatever makes them happy. There's no sense in living life with regrets.

But he knows enough about how much Taehyung's been hurt over the years from losing Jungkook. It can't be easy to watch the person you love most in the world die, especially that many times.

"How did it feel? Seeing him again?" he asks as he sits back, offering Taehyung what he hopes is a small, sympathetic smile.

This Taehyung can answer easily.

“Like taking a breath after nearly drowning,” he whispers, resting his hands in his lap.

The happiness of seeing Jungkook again, of speaking with him, however, is always overshadowed with fear. The closer they get, the sooner Jungkook will die.

It happens every single time, over and over again.

"Oh Tae," Jimin whispers, reaching up to squeeze Taehyung's shoulder tight before moving to run his hand up and down his back. His heart hurts just thinking about how much Taehyung is hurting right now.

And he wishes there was something he could do to make it better.

"What are you going to do?"

Taehyung’s shoulders sag as he thinks of Jungkook. How happy he’d looked when they were talking, how he said he was happy. His soft smile, how he’d held his hand the entire time.

He feels tears burning in his eyes, his breath leaving him as a gasp, his hand reaching up to grip at his chest.

His heart hasn’t beaten for centuries, but it hurts. Hurts so bad he would think he’s having a heart attack if he were still human.

“I don’t—“ another choking gasp. “I don’t know.”

Jimin pulls Taehyung in for a hug, holding him as tightly as he can. It's the only thing he knows how to do, especially in a moment like this.

He's heard so much about Taehyung's past with Jungkook; about how much Taehyung has struggled for the love of his life. But he's never experienced it until now. And he feels so helpless...

"It's okay, Tae," he whispers, though he's not sure he believes himself. "You don't have to figure it out right away."

Taehyung can’t push the tears back, can’t swallow his emotions when they swell up this big. It’s like a tsunami of sadness washing over him, forcing him to feel it all. Every last memory burning behind his eyelids when he closes them.

He clutches Jimin tightly, like he can keep him afloat as he sobs so hard his entire body shakes. He doesn’t really need to breathe but he struggles to, suddenly feeling as if he’s dying.

He doesn’t know how long he sits in Jimin’s embrace, crying and sobbing until he’s got nothing left in him to cry. Until he seems to finally melt into Jimin’s arms, too tired to even sit up properly anymore.

Jimin holds Taehyung tightly, hands running up and down his back in what he hopes is a soothing motion. Even as his legs fall asleep and his butt begins to hurt, he continues to hold Taehyung tight, letting him cry for as long as he needs to.

As Taehyung begins to calm down, Jimin lifts him up, moving them both to the bed.

"It's gonna be okay," he whispers, smoothing Taehyung's hair out of his face. He doesn't know that though, but... It's all he can think to say.

Taehyung feels like a child, but he can’t help it when he reaches for Jimin’s hand, hazel eyes pleading. He feels exhausted and sad, and even if he can’t sleep, he just doesn’t want to be alone.

“Please,” he whispers, “stay.”

He scoots over in the bed, makes room. It’s been a long time since he has had anyone else in his bed — not even sexually, but just to hold him. Probably not since the last time he and Jungkook were together.

“We can watch those sparkly vampire movies… I don’t mind, I just… don’t want to be alone.”

Jimin offers Taehyung a small smile as he crawls into the bed next to him, curling up against his side. "Of course. Anything you need, Taetae," he hums, wrapping his arms around Taehyung and hugging him close.

His heart squeezes a little bit in his chest, happy that he can at least do this for Taehyung, even if it's such a small gesture. He wishes there was more he could do.

Like break Taehyung's curse entirely...

"And as much as I'd love to watch Twilight, we can put something else on. Your pick."

Taehyung can’t help the relieved sigh that escapes his lips as he turns the TV on, flipping to Netflix and looking for just a moment before deciding on some cooking show.

That’ll be relaxing enough.

“Thank you, Jimin,” he murmurs, letting his eyes fall shut. Even if sleep won’t come to him, it’s nice to rest them once in a while. Especially after a good cry.

"Of course," Jimin says, tucking his head against Taehyung's shoulder as he watches the show Taehyung put on. He'll probably fall asleep eventually, especially as he gets comfortable curled up against Taehyung's side.

But he'll try to stay awake for as long as he can; for as long as Taehyung needs him.

"I'm here for you. Whatever you need."

Jungkook is in hell.

A mixture of euphoria and guilt swirl in his chest as he stares down at his sketchbook, pencil eraser tapping on the paper aggressively, his leg bouncing anxiously. One minute, he feels like smiling so wide his face splits in half; the next he's stomach churns and he feels like throwing up.

It's not like he's doing anything wrong. He only wanted to meet the man he'd seen in the park; the one who made the bells sing in his head and his heart.

The one he feels so magnetically drawn to it's impossible to think about anything else.

They're only getting coffee, hardly anything romantic. But with every burst of happiness in his chest, he thinks of Sungmin. His fiancee. His oldest friend.

He cares for Sungmin so deeply and they've been together for a long time. Sungmin's so kind and sweet and treats him so well. And they're getting married soon, something both of their families have been planning since they were children.

He would never do anything to hurt Sungmin, purposefully or not.

Gripping his hair, he looks down at his sketchbook with a strangled sigh, his heart aching when the dozen or so sketches of Taehyung he'd drawn during his lunch break stare back up at him.

"Fuck," he whispers, burying his head in his arms.

“Hope you’re in the mood for sandwiches,” Namjoon practically sings as he steps back into Jungkook’s apartment, also known as their work studio. But when his eyes catch Jungkook with his head down, he frowns. “What’s wrong?”

Slipping out of his shoes, he comes over to Jungkook’s desk, carefully setting a bag with a sandwich from Eggcellent down for him, along with a drink.

“Whoa,” he says, voice awed as he takes in the sketches of a beautiful man. “These a new character you’re coming up with? He’s hot.”

Jungkook picks his head up, looking back down at his sketches of Taehyung. (Who is, in fact, incredibly hot. Not that he's going to say that out loud. At least, not to Namjoon.)

"Oh, um..." Jungkook pauses, his heart squeezing painfully in his chest. He's not sure how honest he can be with Namjoon. There's no one in the world he trusts more - -save for Yoongi and Seokjin -- but it's not like Namjoon's privy to his private life.

"Do you remember that man I saw at the lake? That's him..."

Namjoon whistles lowly as he looks over the sketches. They’re just drawn in pencil, but his eyes look intense and fond. They draw him in.

“Well, I can see why you would run after him then,” he tries to joke before seeing that Jungkook doesn’t seem to be in the mood. “This is the one you said you heard the bells from?”

Jungkook gives Namjoon a wry smile as he leans back in his chair, trying to put some distance between himself and his sketches. They might be in pencil -- hell, they were produced by his own hand -- but looking at them makes him feel dizzy.

"Yeah. This is him," he says, reaching up to run his fingers through his hair. Glancing up at Namjoon again, he worries his lower lip between his teeth as he contemplates opening up about the storm of emotions raging in his heart. He feels like he's going to burst if he keeps it in, but he knows he'll only feel more guilty.

"Please don't judge me for this, but... I saw him again. At the park."

Namjoon’s eyebrows go up, but his expression softens, especially seeing how anxious Jungkook looks. He pulls his chair over, sitting down next to him, reaching up to adjust his glasses.

“I’m not going to judge you,” he tells him gently, patting his shoulder. “How did it go the second time? You seem to have seen him closer up, judging by these sketches.”

As he listens to Jungkook, he unwraps the sandwich for him, handing it to him before pulling his own out of the bag.

Jungkook takes a tiny bite out of his sandwich as he looks over at Namjoon. And he thinks he might cry just from Namjoon's kindness alone. He really needs someone to talk to right now. Someone to listen.

"I heard the bells again. When I saw him. I chased him down again and we talked for a little bit," he says, nibbling at his sandwich again. "He asked me if I was happy. And I asked him to get coffee..."

Namjoon pauses mid chew as he listens to Jungkook. “Wait,” he says, putting his sandwich down on the desk. “He asked if you were happy? Just like, randomly?”

He glances at the sketchbook again, wondering just who this guy is. If he’s good for Jungkook, if he’s really his soulmate.

Jungkook nods, sighing as he thinks back to the conversation. The question had caught him off guard, but nothing about his interaction with Taehyung felt odd. Instead, it felt right. Fulfilling in a way he hadn't experienced in a while.

"Yeah, randomly. I told him I was and he said he was glad," he says with a small smile, taking another bite of his sandwich.

Namjoon watches Jungkook for a moment, unsure how to bring up how strange that sounds. Maybe he’s missing something, though. After all, he wasn’t there.

“Huh,” he says. “So you’re gonna see him again?”

Jungkook worries at his lower lip again, setting his sandwich down so he can run his fingers through his hair again. "I want to see him again," he says, glancing over at Namjoon.

"I feel so guilty though. Even though I'm not doing anything wrong. Even though I would never hurt Sungmin... But the thought of never seeing Taehyung again hurts in a way I can't fully describe. Like, I'd no longer be whole or something."

Namjoon doesn’t really know what to say, since he hasn’t ever felt that strongly about someone before. In fact, he hasn’t really had a lot of romance in his life at all. He is definitely out of his comfort zone right now.

“Well, there’s nothing wrong with being friends,” he offers softly with a small smile. “Do you think he realizes you guys are soulmates? Or hears the bells like you do?”

Jungkook hums, chewing on his thumbnail a bit as he rolls the word around in his head. Friends. Maybe it's not what fate had in store for him, but... But he doesn't want to lose Taehyung completely.

If this were anyone else, he would think himself mad for desperately wanting to be around someone he barely knows. But he remembers how he felt then.

"I don't know if he does," he says honestly, scratching at his cheek. "But the whole conversation felt charged in a way that maybe he did. All I know is how I felt."

Namjoon nods, picking up his sandwich again to take another bite. He’s not sure how good of a guy he is, but he knows Jungkook, and he knows Jungkook would never do something to hurt any of his friends.

“Hmm, well maybe you’ll get some clarity after meeting and talking with him again,” he says. “Just… be careful, okay? I don’t want

Jungkook nods, offering Namjoon a small smile. He feels a little bit better -- the storm in his heart beginning to settle -- and the relief that seeps in is palpable.

"I won't, hyung. I promise," he says, grabbing his sandwich and taking another bite, this one bigger. It's easier to swallow now that the lump in his throat has shrunk; now that his stomach isn't twisting enough to be queasy. "Thank you for listening. I really appreciate it."

A warm, dimpled smile finds its way onto Namjoon’s face as he squeezes Jungkook’s shoulder gently. “Of course, what are hyungs for?” he says before finishing the last bite of his sandwich. “You can always talk to me. Judgement free zone.”

He ruffles Jungkook’s hair and grins as he grabs his drink and heads back over to his desk, their lunch hour most definitely over.

But sometimes it’s good to take a little extra time.

Jungkook's smile widens as he watches Namjoon settle in at his desk. Finishing off the last of his sandwich, he tosses the trash in the wastebin before sitting back up in his chair. "Thanks, hyung," he says again, before turning back to his work.

But when he sees his sketchbook open, Taehyung's face staring back up at him, he reaches into his pocket to pull out his phone, sending a single text message to the man who's been occupying his thoughts for days.

hi taehyung 😊 would you like to get coffee with me friday evening?

The reply comes almost immediately, as if Taehyung had been sitting and staring at his phone, waiting for the text.

When Friday evening rolls around, Taehyung finds himself feeling a lot of things. Excitement and anxiety have never been so close bedfellows.

He spends much of his afternoon holed up in his office, writing a new manual for a dishwasher and sending it off to an overly ecstatic Hoseok, who also tends to email him back much too quickly to extend yet

Taehyung thinks his coworkers must think he’s a hermit, and he is. But they also go out three times a week and that seems excessive, in his opinion.

Once he finishes work, quick and efficient, he spent a solid hour looking through his wardrobe for the perfect outfit before settling on a black sweater and black slacks, a black pea coat thrown over top.

He finds a parking spot nearby the cafe they’re meeting at, hopping out and walking to it. From outside, he can see Jungkook already at a table, a cup of coffee in front of him. He looks gorgeous, nervous, from the way he keeps fidgeting his fingers and looking at his phone.

Taehyung straightens his shoulders before he steps inside, striding right up to the table Jungkook is sitting at.

“Good evening, Jungkook,” he greets.

Jungkook's head shoots up when he hears Taehyung's voice, his eyes widening and his breath catching in his throat. As soon as their eyes connect, his stomach flips and a smile stretches at the corners of his lips until warmth overtakes his expression.

He feels like he's glowing. But above that, he feels something else. A sensation he hasn't quite been able to put into words. The only way he could possibly describe it is like a tuning fork being struck against a surface: vibrating and humming at a high frequency.

Like his entire soul is singing.

"Taehyung, hi," he says, jumping to his feet and brushing his button up shirt nervously. "Thanks for coming."

Taehyung thinks it’s endearing that Jungkook seems nervous, perhaps because he’s known him so many times, he doesn’t really get nervous. Anxious about what could happen to him, yes, but not nervous.

“Thank you for inviting me,” he says as he takes a seat across from him at the small table. 

He knows he should go order a coffee or something, but he’d much rather not waste even a single second of time with Jungkook waiting in line.

“How are you?” Taehyung asks, crossing one leg over the other. 

Jungkook sits back down, fiddling with his coffee cup as he offers Taehyung a nervous grin. His heart feels like it's beating against his chest, driving up his anxiety but also his excitement.

"I'm good. Tired," he says, scratching at his cheek. "I had to pull a few late nights to get the next chapter of my comic to my editor, but now I can relax for the weekend." He doesn't mention that he only had to work late because he spent three days sitting in a park hoping to see Taehyung.

That's irrelevant, right?

Taehyung stores the information about Jungkook in a new box for him in his mind, one for this lifetime Jungkook. A comic book artist, that’s definitely fitting. In every lifetime that he has known him, Jungkook has always been artistic in some way or another.

“Ah, can’t complain,” he answers with a wry smile. “My coworkers have been trying to get me to go out with them nearly every night this week. I feel like I’ve run a marathon to decline politely.”

Folding his hands in his lap, he settles Jungkook with a curious expression. He wonders why Jungkook invited him out, why he sat in the park, though he knows the answer.

Instead, he’d rather learn about this lifetime’s Jungkook.

“A comic artist… anything I would have read?”

Jungkook laughs, kind of endeared that Taehyung seems like a bit of a homebody. The dark attire seems kind of fitting for that too. He'd be lying if he said he didn't enjoy Taehyung's personal brand of high fashion gothic chic.

"Not unless you're a fan of horror," he answers with a sheepish grin. "My comics are pretty popular and you can find them in most bookstores, but horror's still a pretty niche market."

Not that he cares. He loves what he does.

"What do you do for work?"

Horror comics. Taehyung couldn’t be more endeared if he tried. The corners of his mouth twitch upwards ever so slightly, the barest hint of a real smile stretching over his lips.

“This may come as a surprise, but I do enjoy horror,” he tells him, making a mental note to check out his comics later tonight. When he’s in his bed alone, missing him.

Taehyung thinks of the many jobs he’s had over the centuries. Some where he didn’t work at all, his depression rending him absolutely useless. That’s the thing about eternal damnation as a monster — time seems to stop meaning anything at all.

“You know when you buy a new appliance, like a toaster or air fryer?” Taehyung asks. “I write the manuals that get thrown away without so much being looked at.”

Jungkook bursts out laughing, though there's no cruelty behind it. Instead, he looks endeared as his laughter softens along with his smile. "Really? That's you?" he asks, eyes sparkling almost as if he's excited. "You know, I save all of my manuals. I guess I have to go read them now."

He'd read a three hundred page car manual if Taehyung wrote it, and they've barely spoken to each other for more than thirty minutes collectively.

Eyes widening a little bit, he sits up straighter as he digs through his bag and pulls out a comic book before placing it on the table. "Oh, um, if you like horror, you can have this."

Taehyung takes the book gently, holding it like it’s a grand treasure. He thinks of the box in his closet and wonders if this, too, will someday join his other keepsakes from past Jungkooks.

“I hope this isn’t too forward of me,” he says, turning it over in his hands, hazel eyes moving up to meet Jungkook’s. “But could you sign it for me? It’s not every day you get to meet a popular comic artist.”

Jungkook laughs, though his cheeks and ears are burning bright red. And when his eyes meet Taehyung's, his heart flutters violently in his chest. "Of course I'll sign it," he says, reaching over to take the comic book from Taehyung's hands.

When their fingers brush, his heart shudders again, skin tingling even as he pulls the book back to his side of the table. Digging around in his bag, he grabs a pen and opens to the front page so he can sign it.

He doesn't just sign it though, he draws in it. A doodle of Taehyung and his striking hazel eyes, cherry blossom petals raining on him from above, along with the message:

to taehyung who makes me happy ♡ jungkook

Before he slides the book back over to Taehyung with a smile.

Taehyung opens the cover when he hands it back, a lump forming in his throat at the doodle and message. Maybe he brought it upon himself, but this momento feels like a keepsake to take with him through the next century.

“Thank you,” he says, unable to fight away the soft smile as his long fingers delicately touch the doodle, his black nails brushing against the heart in his note. “I’ll cherish it forever. I can’t wait to read it tonight.”

For the first time in many, many years, he’s glad he doesn’t have to sleep. He has hours to indulge in Jungkook’s story and craft.

Jungkook feels a lump form in his throat as well, though unlike Taehyung, he isn't sure why it's there. All he knows is that his heart is squeezing tight in his chest and he wants nothing more than to slide his hand across the table and touch Taehyung's.

He doesn't. But he does marvel in Taehyung's smile, which floods him with a warmth that could only be rivaled by the sun. The kind of warmth that makes him feel like he's bundled up cozily on a winter's morning, wrapped up in the safety of his bed and tucked away from the rest of the world.

He'll be thinking about that smile for a long time, he already knows it. And he wants to make Taehyung smile like that more often.

"Let me know what you think. If you like it, I can give you the other volumes," he says, his own smile turning shy as he fiddles with the pen in his hand.

“I’ll be sure to let you know,” Taehyung answers as he gently sets the book in his lap, his gaze lifting and meeting Jungkook’s again.

What he wouldn’t give to be with him without the fear of impending death.

“So what is your life like?” Taehyung asks, shaking away the bad thoughts. He gets so little Jungkook time that he wants to soak it all up. “Besides writing horror comics and sitting in the park.”

Jungkook laughs, reaching up to nervously tuck his hair behind his ears. "Um, well, I spend a lot of my time working. It's just me and my assistant, Namjoon, so we're holed up in my office for most of the day. Other than that, I love watching horror movies and hanging out with my friends. I just started learning guitar and I love bowling," he says, folding his hands in front of him with a soft smile. Looking up at Taehyung again, his heart twists and turns in his chest with excitement.

Until his eyes catch the engagement ring snug around his finger and warmth is replaced with guilt. Running his thumb over his ring, he chews on his lower lip as his stomach twists itself up into a pretzel.

"Oh and... I'm engaged."

The last words punch a hole through Taehyung’s already hollow chest. Engaged. The word bounces around in his head, makes his fingers tremble a little as he adjusts his coat.

Taehyung has met Jungkook in lives where he has been married with a family, has had lifetimes where he only saw glimpses of him. And it always hurts, but it hurts less than seeing his death again.

“Congratulations,” he says, holding his gaze, words sincere. Even if it hurts so badly he wants to scream, if Jungkook is happy in this life, then Taehyung will count that as a win. “When’s the big day?”

When Jungkook looks up at Taehyung again -- when their eyes connect -- he feels another wave of warmth wash over him. And through the pain and the guilt and the confusion, he can still feel his soul singing.

(Which only makes him feel more confused.)

"Oh, um. July 10," he says, his gaze dropping back down to the engagement ring which feels tight around his finger. For a second, his chest feels tight too, until he looks back up at Taehyung. "What about you? What's your life like?"

Taehyung hums, folding his hands over the comic book in his lap. July. Only a few months then, that’s good. Less time for Jungkook to get attached.

“Ah, well, single,” he says, a low chuckle. It’s not funny, his heart is shattered, but it’s for the best. “I live alone, work. My neighbor stops by to check on me now and again.”

His life is certainly a bit bland lately. Maybe he should get a pet again.

Jungkook offers Taehyung a small smile and not for the first time, he wishes he could take Taehyung's hand and hold it gently. Like he did the other day at Seokchon lake. But Taehyung's hands are tucked underneath the table.

Maybe it's for the best.

(But his fingers twitch just a little bit at the thought.)

"Is there anything you do for fun?" he asks, lacing his fingers together.

Taehyung thinks of what he’s done in his free time lately. Wallow in his misery and self loathing? He can’t say that. Look through his box of keepsakes from the last few centuries? Definitely not.

He clears his throat. “Well, I’m big on movies these days,” he decides on, can practically see Jimin’s grin as the next words tumble out from his mouth. “I’ve been watching the Twilight movies lately.”

Jungkook bursts out laughing, his smile softening as he looks at Taehyung with an expression that can only be described as fond. "Really? I didn't take you for a Twilight fan," he says, propping his chin up in the palm of his hand.

"Are you Team Edward or Team Jacob?"

The irony of the question is not lost on Taehyung, his own lips twisting up into a small smile at the sound of Jungkook’s bright and happy laughter. Like music to his ears after decades of hearing nothing but static.

“I’m more of a Team Jacob fan,” he says, if only because the idea of a sparkly vampire is actually offensive. “Vampires seem a bit less inviting than werewolves, though I’m sure my friend would disagree.”

He thinks of Jimin and all of the rants he’s gone on about vampire being better than werewolves.

Jungkook's laughter fades into giggling as he watches Taehyung with a wide grin. Cute, he thinks, his heart fluttering in his chest. 

"Really? I've always kind of preferred vampires to werewolves. Vampires are kind of sexy, don't you think?" he asks, his grin widening even more until his nose scrunches. 

Truthfully, he wouldn't kick a werewolf out of bed either. 

It’s not the first lifetime in which Jungkook has found vampires sexy, Taehyung thinks as he smiles a bit at him, chuckling. Being a vampire is a lot more sad than the movies paint it to be.

“They do have a sort of… broodiness that some might find alluring,” he says, tone borderline teasing as he watches Jungkook’s nose scrunch with laughter.

Being the reason Jungkook is smiling like this makes him feel warm.

Jungkook grins up at Taehyung, though his smile turns a little shy as his heart flutters again. It's been doing that a lot lately. "That and the teeth," he says with another laugh

He likes it when Taehyung smiles. Maybe it's the dark clothes or the way Taehyung always seems to be brooding, but it makes his smiles even more special, especially when they're directed at him.

"I've never actually seen Twilight. Maybe we could watch it together sometime..."

Taehyung may have a distaste for the movies, but the thought of watching them together with Jungkook sounds like heaven. He would watch anything, if it meant having him by his side.

“Sure,” he agrees, despite the anxiety ramping up in his gut again. Meeting like this is already risky, and it wouldn’t be good to do it again.

engaged, his mind supplies in helpfully.

“We can have a whole Twilight marathon, if you wish.”

Jungkook's smile widens, his heart doing backflips as he sits up in his seat. "Okay, that sounds fun," he says, his eyes practically sparkling as he imagines watching movies with Taehyung.

As he imagines getting to spend more time with Taehyung.

If anything, he wants to get to know Taehyung more. To be his friend. To have Taehyung in his life.

"We could watch horror movies together sometime too. All my friends except Yoongi hate them."

What if he invited Taehyung to meet his friends? He thinks they would like him a lot, even if he is a little quiet.

That sounds far more fun than watching Twilight, but truthfully, Taehyung doesn’t think he would do much watching if it was with Jungkook by his side. He would be more content to watch the shadows flicker across his face, to see his eyes light up or widen as the movie unfolds.

“I love horror movies,” he tells him. “My friend, Jimin, isn’t the biggest fan. I usually watch them alone.”

Jungkook's grin widens even more, if it's even possible. Suddenly he's so excited for the next time he and Taehyung get to hang out, even though he's enjoying this moment a lot.

"Well, now you have someone to watch them with," he says, reaching up to tuck his hair behind his ears, which are flushed red with excitement.

Watching Jungkook’s smile widen, his fingers shyly tucking some hair behind his ears, only makes Taehyung want him more. He wants one more day with him, without the curse, without being a monster.

One more day under the cherry blossom trees, talking about a future that they don’t know won’t come.

“And you have one more friend who enjoys them,” Taehyung says, tone fond.

Jungkook's smile softens, his own gaze fond as he props his chin back up in the palm of his hand. There's something about Taehyung that makes him feel younger, his heart light and buoyant, his head back up in the clouds.

It's different from the way he usually feels: tired, overworked, and complacent.

He likes his life a lot -- he loves his friends, cares for his partner -- but his shoulders feel just a little bit lighter. Especially when Taehyung smiles at him.

"I like that," he says quietly, his heart singing along with his soul as he looks into Taehyung's striking hazel eyes and lets himself get lost in them.

Taehyung can only decline Hoseok politely so many times before his boss starts asking too many questions. Like, “why are you always sick” and “should I bring you some porridge?” When those questions start appearing in the emails, Taehyung knows he’s overdue for joining a company outing.

Which is where he is currently seated, legs crossed under the crowded table at a BBQ place, drinks and food passed around as everyone talks excitedly about their lives. Taehyung’s beer glass is still mostly full, and he’s eaten only a little bit of the food when it’s presented to him or there are too many eyes on him.

He knows he’ll pay for it in a few hours, something he can play off as a hangover to his coworkers.

“Isn’t that right, Taehyung?”

Taehyung startles slightly, his mind having drifted off to thoughts of Jungkook at the coffee shop a few nights ago. How they stayed to talk until the shop closed, how it felt so comfortable and easy that Taehyung even found himself smiling whenever Jungkook’s nose would scrunch.

“I’m sorry, what were you saying?” Taehyung asks, which makes everyone at the table laugh, thinking he’s intoxicated, not bored.

"We were saying that dancing would be the

way to end the night," Hoseok says, nudging Taehyung in the side with his elbow before he bursts out laughing. His cheeks are flushed, his empty beer glass currently being refilled by one of the junior members of the team.

One of the girls scoffs, holding her hand over her chest as if offended. "No, karaoke would be way more fun."

"I can't sing," one of the older employees says, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose.

"Taehyung's choice then!" Hoseok says, throwing his arm over Taehyung's shoulder and pulling him closer.

Taehyung doesn’t want to do either of those things. He would rather be at home, curled up on his couch reading Jungkook’s comic book.

“Karaoke?” he asks, to which half the employees cheer and the other half pout and start whining for him to change his mind. Taehyung has no intention of going to round two, either way.

To distract the drunk humans, Taehyung rolls his sleeves up and starts cooking another round of meat, placing some on everyone’s rice once it’s done cooking.

All of this human food and drink is not only making Taehyung feel a little ill, but also hungry. He thinks of all his blood bags at home and wets his lips. He might treat himself to

bags later, for putting up with this.

“Taehyung, you know what?” one girl says, swaying in her seat across the table from him. He quirks an eyebrow in question and she giggles, covering her mouth. “You have the whole dark and mysterious thing down so good.”

His jaw drops a little at her bold words. Intoxicated humans truly have no filter.

Hoseok bursts out laughing, leaning against Taehyung and accidentally spilling a little bit of his beer. The comment isn't particularly hilarious, but he also knows a little bit more than the rest of the table.

Another girl laughs, waggling her eyebrows at Taehyung. "People must be throwing themselves at you!" she says, wiggling her fingers too.

Taehyung’s lips are set in a thin line as he takes a napkin to try and clean up the beer spill on his slacks from Hoseok. He’ll have to send out for dry cleaning to get rid of the alcohol scent.

“I’m sure plenty of people are throwing themselves at you, too, Sojin,” he says a bit dryly, but it makes her giggle and the other girl next to her squeal.

This is exactly why Taehyung hates these outings.

“Where do you get your clothes, man?” Kyoungsoo asks, hiccuping as he lifts his beer glass to his lips. “I wanna dress like that.”

Taehyung doesn’t have the heart to tell him that he couldn’t afford to dress like he does on his meager paycheck from writing appliance manuals.

“Lotte Department Store,” he answers briefly, placing more meat in front of him so he won’t ask any more questions.

Sojin gasps, clapping her hands together. "Let's go

after this," she says, her smile widening as the girl next to her bursts into a fit of giggles. "Taehyung, you can show us where you get your amazing outfits!"

"You know," Hoseok whisper-yells into Taehyung's ear as he sets his beer glass down. "They wouldn't be fawning over you so much if you came out with us more often..."

Taehyung heaves a sigh. He doesn’t want to come out more often in case they all try to befriend him or something.

He doesn’t like to make friends — it’s too painful when they grow old and die, and he’s left alone again. He learned that the hard way many, many years ago. The only reason he and Jimin are friends is because his neighbor wouldn’t stop checking on him, and he also happened to accidentally see Taehyung feeding from someone.

Though, instead of repulsed, Jimin had just told him he was always a Team Edward fan himself, and the rest is history.

“Perhaps,” he says, reaching up to tug at his turtleneck sweater. “I’ll try and do that.”

"Good!" Hoseok says cheerily, nudging Taehyung with his elbow again as his grin widens almost impossibly. "Now who wants another round?"

The table cheers and Hoseok flags down a waiter to order another round of beer and soju for the table as everyone starts loading up on more meat.

Taehyung busies himself with cooking the meat for everyone and catching Kyoungsoo when he nearly falls off his chair beside him. He listens to their chatter a bit, Hoseok laughing and falling onto him every time he does.

But eventually, his mind wanders again to Jungkook.

He wonders what he’s doing right now.

As if on cue, the doors to the restaurant open and Jungkook walks in, Sungmin following close behind. As Jungkook talks to the host, Sungmin places his hand on the small of Jungkook's back, leaning in to whisper something in his ear.

Jungkook laughs, offering Sungmin a small smile before following after the host. But as they pass by Taehyung's table, his feet stall and he glances over, eyes immediately locking with Taehyung's.

Breath catching in his throat, Jungkook's eyes widen before a wide smile blossoms onto his face, his heart fluttering and his stomach swarming with butterflies.

Next to Taehyung, Hoseok falls silent.

Taehyung’s eyes widen when they meet Jungkook’s, not even registering the man beside him. He’s far too preoccupied with that happy (and fleeting) feeling filling his hollow chest at the sight of his smile.

“Hello Jungkook,” he says, his voice low and quiet, but loud enough to carry over his loud colleagues. “It’s nice to see you again.”

From beside Jungkook, Sungmin raises an eyebrow and looks to him. “Hi, you must be one of Kookie’s friends,” he introduces himself, reaching a hand forward for Taehyung to shake. He takes Sungmin’s hand almost reluctantly. “I’m his fiancé, Sungmin.”

“A pleasure,” Taehyung says, though it most certainly is not. “Kim Taehyung, a friend of Jungkook’s.”

Jungkook barely notices anyone else around them, his attention solely focused on Taehyung. It's hard not to get lost looking at Taehyung though; he draws Jungkook in like a magnet. If Jungkook believed in magic, maybe he'd think he was under a spell.

But he feels far too warm and happy and

for that to be true.

"It's good to see you again too, Taehyung," he says softly, his heart singing. But when Sungmin touches the small of his back again, he seems to blink back into reality. "Are you on a work outing? Run out of polite excuses?" He laughs, bright and happy.

Hoseok remains eerily quiet.

Beside Taehyung, Kyoungsoo throws an arm around his shoulders, tugging at him to pull him close. Taehyung doesn’t move, though, eyes still on Jungkook.

“Polite excuses? This guy?” Kyoungsoo shouts teasingly. “Nahhh, he loves us! He’s cooked all the meat like a good dongsaeng!”

Taehyung doesn’t even bother to correct him. He is technically the eldest one at the table.

“Yes, it’s a work outing,” Taehyung answers, patiently pushing Kyoungsoo off of him and distracting him by giving him more cooked meat. “This is my boss, Hoseok. And my colleagues.”

Sungmin gives a friendly smile and bow of his head to Hoseok. “Nice to meet you.”

Jungkook gives a small bow too, his smile widening even more. "Yeah, it's really nice to meet you. Taehyung's told me so much," he says with a laugh.

Which seems to shake Hoseok out of his stupor. "Oh! Yeah, it's great to meet you too. Any friend of Taehyung's is a friend of ours," he says, leaning against Taehyung with a grin that doesn't quite reach his eyes.

“Well, we should get to our table,” Sungmin says, his hand touching the small of Jungkook’s back again.

Taehyung’s eyes can’t help but dart down to the hand on Jungkook’s back, a dull pang in his chest where his heart should be following. He’s not jealous — in fact, seeing Jungkook happy and alive, even if it’s not by his side, always brings a welcomed relief.

But it does hurt, seeing someone else’s hands on Jungkook’s body when Taehyung’s are screaming to reach for him.

“Enjoy your dinner,” Taehyung tells them, tearing his eyes away from Jungkook to focus on Hoseok instead.

Jungkook feels just a little bit emptier when Taehyung looks away, his smile slipping a bit, the sparkle fading from his eyes. "Okay. See you later," he says with a small wave, letting Sungmin lead him toward their table. Trying desperately to ignore the tempest swirling in his heart again.

Hoseok sighs as he watches Jungkook leave, their other co-workers preoccupied with eating and drinking. Glancing over at Taehyung, he gives him a Look before taking a sip of his beer. Suddenly he feels

Taehyung doesn’t really know what Hoseok is giving him a Look for, his eyebrows furrowing as he watches him sip at his beer.

“You were uncharacteristically quiet during that exchange,” he notes, turning the grill off when the last of the meat is cooked and handed out.

Behind him, he can feel Jungkook’s presence. He forces himself not to look, no matter how much he wants to.

"I wonder why," Hoseok says, setting his beer glass down. Around them, their coworkers are chatting happily, oblivious to the exchange between the two of them. "I mean, your

just waltzes in here, looking at you like you put the stars in the sky. And he's engaged to another man."

Hoseok sighs, dragging his hands down his face. He hates getting involved in this kind of stuff, but he can't help it. It's not like he can control what he can and cannot see. Like red strings and ghosts and

He loves his mom, but did she really have to pass on her "gift" to him?

Taehyung doesn’t get surprised very often, but at Hoseok’s words, his jaw drops. He doesn’t know how Hoseok knows they’re soulmates — he could be guessing, after all — but it’s enough to have him feeling a little rattled.

“What?” he asks, voice a little too loud in his ears. “What are you talking about?”

Hoseok's eyes widen, his ears flushing a bit at Taehyung's reaction. "Wait, you didn't know?" he asks, dropping his voice to a whisper. "You and that guy -- Kookie or whatever -- are like, linked. And not just by a red string, that thing's practically a steel cable."

Glancing over at Jungkook, he claps his hands to his cheeks. "Shit, I probably shouldn't have said anything..." Laughing nervously, he waves his hand in front of my face. "Forget I said anything, I'm just drunk!" (He's not, he's practically stone-cold sober now. Stupid gift.)

Taehyung’s eyebrows fall down into a furrow. Glancing around the table, he stands, gently tugging Hoseok’s arm to make him get up, too.

“I need to speak with you outside,” he says, practically tugging him out the door while the rest of their colleagues look confused.

As soon as they’re outside, Taehyung leads Hoseok to the side of the building where they won’t be heard or interrupted.

“How do you know about me and Jungkook?” he demands, jaw clenched. “Who are you?”

Hoseok flushes, his eyes widening as he suddenly finds himself outside. In an alleyway. Alone with Taehyung. This isn't how he

he would die, but fate is unpredictable (and yet not, at the same time). This is what he gets for opening his mouth...

"I'm just Hoseok!" he blurts out, the words practically punching themselves from his throat. "You know, your boss? Slash-bestie?" He grins wryly, fake laughing at his own joke.

"I'm no one, I promise. I can just, like, see this stuff... Like your curse."

Taehyung blinks, stepping back from Hoseok, fixing him with a confused look. In all his years on earth, he has never met another supernatural — aside from Jungkook’s mother back then, who cursed him and turned him into this monster.

“You can… see it?” he asks, like he doesn’t believe him. Yet he knows Hoseok is speaking the truth. How else would he

? “What else do you know?”

Hoseok relaxes a little bit, now that Taehyung doesn't look so affronted. Confusion is better. He can work with confusion. "I mean, I don't know much. I know you're a vampire and you're, like, super old, and that Jungkook's your soulmate. That's about it."

Okay, technically he knows a lot more than that. Like the fact that Kyoungsoo's being haunted by the ghost of his childhood dog, but he really doesn't like to get involved. (Besides, dog ghosts are, like, the most benevolent ghosts.)

"My mom's a shaman, it kinda runs in the family."

Taehyung has never had this many people know that he’s a vampire in one lifetime, and even if it’s only Jimin and now Hoseok, it feels like too many. It makes him nervous.

“That makes sense,” he says, running a hand through his hair. The food and drinks from earlier are starting to make him feel a bit under the weather, his body no longer made to digest such things. “I apologize for coming on so strongly. It’s just… the last time someone knew about the curse, it was the woman who cursed me to begin with.”

He sighs, dropping his hands to his sides. His hair is a mess now rather than its usual perfectly in place curls.

Hoseok waves his hands in front of his face. "No, no, it's okay. That's a huge secret to keep and people can be weird about this stuff," he says, offering Taehyung a sympathetic smile.

(He distinctly remembers telling one of his elementary school classmates that his recently-deceased grandma was following him around only to get bullied, so.)

"I'm not gonna tell anyone. Promise. I don't really like to get involved with the supernatural stuff." Mostly because it's

If he had a choice, he'd be just a normal technical writer (but still writing smutty novels in the privacy of his own home, of course). "But, um, all the same, the soulmate stuff... I don't know half of what you've gone through, but fate has a way of coming around and around. And the bond between you two is, like, really strong."

Taehyung feels his dead heart squeeze in his chest, sighing as he runs a hand down his face. He is exhausted, and to be frank, now he’s starting to feel like he truly is hungover.

“It is,” he says, knows. They find each other in every life, even if it’s only in passing. “But it’s for the best if he remains with his fiancé and I keep my distance.”

Sliding his hands into his pockets, he glances at the restaurant for a few moments. He wonders if Jungkook treats Sungmin the way he treated Taehyung in past lives, feeding him and running his foot up his calf under the table.

“Listen, I’m not feeling well from consuming human products,” Taehyung sighs, gaze returning to Hoseok. His eyes flash red. “I think it’s best if I head home from here. But I can pay for the group’s meal tonight, since I rarely come to these outings anyway. Here’s my card.”

He pulls his black card out from his wallet and holds it out to Hoseok.

Hoseok takes the card, marveling at the weight of it in his hand. "Wow, I thought these were only for like, rich dudes in dramas," he says with a grin before slipping it into his pocket.

"Anyway, go home and get some rest. And now that you know I know you're a vampire, we'll start planning foodless outings so you can come hang with us more comfortably!"

Stepping closer to Taehyung, he pulls him in for a kind of awkward half hug. To be comforting or something. "Also, for what it's worth, I think you shouldn't give up on Jungkook. He'll be so much happier with you."

Taehyung would normally feel very uncomfortable with the hug from Hoseok, but it does comfort him. A little. He slips his hands into his pockets as he pulls away.

“He would be,” he agrees as they step out of the alley. He can see into the restaurant now, can see Jungkook, smiling softly and listening to Sungmin talk intently.

And Taehyung knows that Jungkook would be happier with him. They’re soulmates, their bodies fit together like they were

But happier is dangerous, and that just isn’t worth it.

“But with his fiancé, he is more safe,” Taehyung murmurs, ducking his head. “Goodnight, Hoseok. Have fun tonight. And… thank you.”

Hoseok's heart squeezes as he looks between Jungkook and Taehyung. And he doesn't miss the way Jungkook's gaze lands on Taehyung as if drawn to him. it's none of his business and he shouldn't get involved -- usually he wouldn't -- but he knows an inevitability when he sees one. 

Glancing back over at Taehyung, he offers him a small smile, slipping his hands into his own pockets. "Night, Taehyung. Anytime," he says with a nod. "I'll see you later."

As Taehyung walks away to his car to head home, Hoseok returns to the table alone.

At Sungmin and Jungkook’s table, Sungmin is cooking the meat for them as he talks about his day of big meetings and being praised by both of their fathers. He’s so into his own story that he doesn’t really notice Jungkook’s eyes straying until a few minutes later.

“Hey,” he says softly, putting some cooked meat on Jungkook’s rice. “You okay, babe?”

Jungkook's head snaps back to look at Sungmin, his eyes widening before he relaxes a bit. "Yeah, I'm okay," he says, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he grabs some lettuce and constructs a wrap.

"Sorry. Just a long day. I haven't been sleeping well. But I'm proud of you." Laughing, he stuffs the lettuce wrap into his mouth and chews, cheeks bulging.

Sungmin smiles, reaching across the table to gently rest his hand over Jungkook’s. While Jungkook eats, he finishes telling his story before sitting back and making his own wrap with the works.

“So, who was that guy earlier?” he asks curiously, nodding his head toward the table of people that are all drunk and laughing together, minus a one tall, dark and broody guy. “I’ve never heard you mention him before.”

Jungkook glances over at the table, his heart aching when he notices Taehyung's no longer there. Turning back toward Sungmin, he smiles as he makes another lettuce wrap.

"Taehyung? I just met him recently. At Seokchon Lake when I went with my hyungs," he says, loading his own wrap up with the works. And enough garlic for an entire army.

"We've only hung out once, but I like him a lot. He's different than my other friends."

(He's my soulmate, he thinks as guilt swirls in his stomach.)

Sungmin adds some rice to his own wrap and shoves it into his mouth, humming. “He seemed nice,” he says, filling Jungkook’s paper cup with some cola. “You should invite him for dinner with your hyungs next week.”

As he finishes the last of his share of the meat, Sungmin sits back in his chair and sighs, stomach full.

“It would be nice to get to know him more,” he adds with a smile. “Maybe we can invite him to the wedding.”

Jungkook feels a lot of conflicting emotions at that. First, it makes him feel warm that Sungmin genuinely wants to get to know his friends and the people important to him. He's a kind person. A good partner...

But the thought of having his

at his wedding makes him feel just as guilty as having a soulmate in the first place.

"We should. Maybe we could have him for dinner sometime too," he says before stuffing his own wrap into his mouth.

It makes Sungmin smile widen, reaching across the table to wipe a bit of sauce from Jungkook’s mouth with a napkin.

“Yes, let’s do that,” he agrees easily. “It’ll be nice. He reminds me a bit of Yoongi — reserved and polite. I bet they would get along well.”

Yoongi's own smile softens as he imagines Taehyung meeting his friends; meeting Yoongi. He thinks they would get along well too. Can imagine they would have a lot to talk about. "Yeah. I'll let you know how that goes," he says with a laugh, propping his chin up in the palm of his hand.

Sungmin nods. “So tell me about your day.”

As they settle in their seats, relaxing, their stomachs full, Sungmin listens as Jungkook talks about what he and Namjoon worked on today, giving him his undivided attention.

And when they’re leaving, Sungmin holds Jungkook’s hand and asks him about the wedding — what kind of cake he wants, what song should their first dance be to — excitement painting his tired features when he gives his ideas to Jungkook.

Jungkook squeezes Sungmin's hand gently, walking next to him as they talk about their wedding. Sungmin's excitement is infectious, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips as he listens, but exhaustion seeps into his bones.

And guilt continues to swirl in his heart like a storm.

"All of that sounds good," he says with a nod. "I'm happy if you're happy."

And Sungmin might be a kind partner, but he doesn’t seem to notice the way Jungkook’s shoulders drop a little bit with exhaustion, or the way his eyes dim with guilt.

Instead, he talks about cake flavors, about the guest list and the invites that they have to pick a design for.

He talks about a future that he doesn’t notice he’s writing all by himself.

Jungkook sighs as he looks over at the clock on the wall of his office. Time keeps slipping through his fingers, his heart a tumultuous storm that only keeps growing more and more wild the longer he tries to ignore it.

Guilt, confusion, anxiety, happiness. Feeling complete while simultaneously feeling empty.

This is hell, he thinks. Though maybe he deserves it.

Sighing, he turns back to the page he's roughing out, tapping his pen against his tablet with a frown before looking over at Namjoon. "How's everything going?" he asks, worrying at his lower lip and trying not to look as rough as he feels.

Namjoon pulls one of his AirPods out upon hearing Jungkook speaking, looking up at him from his own tablet. He’s been so focused and in the zone today that he hasn’t noticed Jungkook’s struggling at the desk across from him.

“Good,” he answers with a dimpled smile. “I’m just finishing up the backgrounds for this episode and it’ll be set to send off to Yoongi.”

He glances up at Jungkook again, seeing how his usually happy smile lacks a bit of shine today.

“How about for you? You doing okay, Kook?”

Jungkook tongues his cheek as he looks from Namjoon to his own work in front of him. Tapping his stylus against his tablet a little bit harder, his leg starts bouncing even harder, the desk starting to shake a little bit.

"I'm doing okay. Just...  I dunno," he says with a sigh, leaning back against his chair. "My brain feels like a swarm of bees like, constantly. I like bees and all but it's annoying."

Namjoon sets his pen down after saving his file so not to accidentally lose any progress (trust him, it’s happened.

many times.) before he scoots his chair closer to Jungkook’s desk.

“Bees?” he asks curiously, reaching up to rub one of his eyes under his glasses. Even wearing them, his eyes still hurt from staring at a screen all day. “Is it about your dark and mysterious soulmate showing up?”

Jungkook nods, chewing on the end of his stylus (which he's had to replace multiple times due to excessive chewing). "Yeah. It's just a lot," he says with a sigh, his heart aching when he thinks about Taehyung.

Taehyung, sitting in that restaurant, his heart racing as their eyes connected. Taehyung, looking away from him. And Sungmin, treating Taehyung so kindly. Wanting to get to know him more.

"Sungmin met Taehyung recently. And wants to invite him to our wedding."

Namjoon isn’t surprised by that in the slightest. Sungmin is someone he’s known for as long as he’s known Jungkook, and he’s a really nice guy. A safe guy to end up with, for sure.

“Hmm, a soulmate at your wedding?” he asks, tilting his head to the side. “Seems like a painful situation for everyone involved. Are you gonna invite him?”

He tries to imagine the dark, broody guy that he’s seen many sketches of lately at a wedding, congratulating Jungkook for marrying someone else. He would certainly stand out in the crowd.

Jungkook sighs, flopping back in his chair. "Well, I don't know if he knows that he's my soulmate. What if he doesn't know and he'd like to go to my wedding?" he asks, glancing over at Namjoon with the expression of someone who hasn't slept in a couple days.

"I don't think it's a good idea though. For a lot of reasons."

Namjoon agrees with that.

“Are you ever gonna ask him?” he asks as he gets up from his chair to go to the kitchen and get Jungkook some water. He brings some banana milk, too, just in case this is one of those situations.

“You know, if he knows about the soulmate thing. What if he does and thinks you don’t?”

Jungkook hadn't even thought of that. He'd been too busy worrying about himself. About Sungmin. What if Taehyung knows? It had been so obvious to Jungkook the minute they locked eyes, but does Taehyung feel the same?

Does he take Taehyung's breath away?

Does Taehyung's entire soul sing when they're near each other?

But there's a part of him that thinks, based on the way Taehyung looks at him, that he might know. And he's not sure what hurts more.

"What if I ask him and he knows? Even if it's out in the open, I'm still engaged to Sungmin," he says, taking a sad little sip of banana milk.

Namjoon bites his tongue, not wanting to say what he knows they’re both thinking. Or at least, what they have both thought of.

But if you’re soulmates, why would you stay engaged to Sungmin?

“That’s true,” he hums, sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms over his chest. “You’re in an impossible situation, but… Jungkook, I feel like you’ve only been thinking of others.”

He watches Jungkook pause, looking at him with his wide doe eyes. It hurts him to see his friend looking so down in the dumps, especially since Jungkook has always been the more positive of their group.

“But what about you?” Namjoon asks gently. “Is this what you want?”

Jungkook chews at his lower lip, his heart aching as he looks up at Taehyung. "Is what what I want?" he asks quietly, fiddling with the banana milk, clutching it tight in his hand.

Namjoon settles him with a kind but stern look.

“Never talking to him about being soulmates?” he presses. “Never knowing if it’s just you or if he feels it too?”

Jungkook sets the banana milk carton down, staring at it for a while before he looks back up at Namjoon. "I want to know if he does. But what if the answer's yes? What do I do?" he asks, his expression falling as his hands twist in his lap.

"I'm getting married soon. Asking or even entertaining that thought feels wrong to Sungmin. I care about him too much."

He looks too sad for Namjoon to ask him the next question on his mind, so he doesn’t. He doesn’t ask if Jungkook really is in love with Sungmin.

Maybe at another time, he will. When Jungkook doesn’t look so worn down, so upset and exhausted and conflicted.

“That’s true,” he sighs, reaching up to scratch his head. “You’re stuck between a rock and a hard place, and I think, honestly, the only way out is to figure out exactly what

want. There are a dozen different paths from this spot, it’s just a matter of which outcome you want more.”

Jungkook nods, looking back at the banana milk carton as he processes Namjoon's words. Right now, he isn't sure what he wants, but... he knows what he thinks he should want.

And that should be enough, right?

"Thanks, Joonie. I'll figure it out," he says with a small smile, optimistic if anything. "Honestly, I don't know what I'd do without you."

Namjoon smiles at him, glad that he seems to be at least a little bit less frazzled, if anything. He reaches up to ruffle his hair for him.

“Anytime, Kook,” he replies. “I’m just sorry there’s no perfect answer here. But I’m sure that everything is going to work out as it should, and you’re going to be happy, and that’s what matters to me.”

Jungkook offers Namjoon a small, hopefully little smile. And he knows Namjoon's right. When was the last time he really thought about his own happiness? It feels like it's been too long...

"Oh, by the way, would you, Jin, and Yoongi want to get dinner with Taehyung sometime? I want you to meet him?" he asks, reaching for his banana milk again.

Namjoon scoots his chair back to his desk, relieved that Jungkook looks a bit more like his usual self. “Sure, that would be fine,” he replies, pulling out his phone to text them. “I’ll see when they’re free.” 

Namjoon is quite curious about this soulmate of Jungkook’s, and having a dinner with him seems like an easy way to get to know him. To make sure he isn’t going to hurt Jungkook.

Jungkook's smile widens, turning back to his work. "Just let me know when and I'll coordinate with Tae," he says, bouncing a little bit with excitement as he tugs his own phone out of his pocket.

so when do you want to watch twilight? 😚

also my hyungs want to meet you. would you be interested in getting dinner with them sometime soon?

The response is immediate.

I am free anytime since I work remotely.

Okay. I’ll get dinner with your hyungs. Just let me know a time and place.

“They said they’re both free this Friday for dinner,” Namjoon announces. “After six. Does that work?”

Jungkook looks up at Namjoon with a grin. "I'm pretty sure it does. I'll let you know," he says, turning back to his phone.

for dinner with my hyungs? 😊

Namjoon sends out info to the groupchat once Taehyung confirms his presence for Friday evening, finding a restaurant that’s not too far from Jungkook’s apartment near Jamsil.

“This place has good reviews,” he says as he sends the info to Jungkook to pass along to Taehyung. “And it’s a pretty short walk from here for us after work.”

Jungkook looks at the restaurant, his smile softening as he browses through the menu. He wonders what kind of food Taehyung likes; if he cooks. (What he might look like in a cute little apron in front of a stove.)

"This looks perfect," he says, before sending the link to Taehyung.

Friday night has Taehyung feeling a bit on edge.

He makes sure to drink a bag of blood before going out (he doesn’t need to make a scene in front of Jungkook’s friends, after all) and even asks Jimin if he looks alright before he leaves after catching him in the hallway on his way home from work.

“I mean, it looks the same as every other outfit I’ve seen you in,” Jimin had said, and Taehyung took that as good enough.

Though, really, he doesn’t know how Jimin thinks this is the same outfit he’s worn before. It’s a vintage black shirt and black slacks that they don’t even make anymore. But as he tosses his black pea coat on and buttons it up, keys jingling in his hand, Taehyung knows he looks good.

The restaurant isn’t far from his apartment, so the drive is short. Once he finds a parking space nearby, he walks the rest of the way, hands sliding into his pockets as he looks up at the full moon in the sky overhead.

Jungkook arrives at the restaurant early, his heart practically bouncing in his chest as he waits outside the restaurant for his hyungs to arrive.

For Taehyung to arrive.

The night is chilly and Jungkook shrugs into his coat -- a bomber jacket that isn't nearly as warm as it should be -- hands sliding into his pockets. The gentle wind tickles his cheeks, turning them red as he looks up at the moon before looking down the streets.

Of course, Seokjin, Yoongi, and Namjoon arrive next, the three of them all smiles as they settle next to him out front.

"Hey Kook," Yoongi says with a nod. "You hungry?"

"Starving. Do you wanna go in and get us a table?" Jungkook asks nervously, because maybe he wants to be the first person to see Taehyung before his friends terrorize him for a few hours.

“Sure thing,” Seokjin answers, already heading into the restaurant. “Can’t promise I won’t order without you, though!”

Namjoon laughs as he pats Jungkook’s shoulder as he follows after Seokjin and Yoongi, heading inside to get a table for them.

Taehyung arrives about a minute later, turning the corner and spotting Jungkook standing outside, waiting for him. He looks cold, shoulders up, hands in his pockets. His first through is to wrap his own coat around him, but then he remembers that might be inappropriate for friends to do.

“Good evening, Jungkook,” he greets as he strides up to him. “I hope you weren’t waiting long. You look a bit cold.”

Jungkook's whole face lights up as soon as he sees Taehyung, his eyes sparkling as the corners of his lips stretch up into a grin. "Hey Taehyung," he says, wishing he could reach out and hold Taehyung's hand in his.

Definitely not something budding friends would do. Maybe someday.

"I'm not too cold. I wanted to be here to, you know, greet you." God, he sounds so pathetic. "Anyway, you look great!" (He needs to stop talking now.)

Taehyung’s expression softens, his hazel eyes fond as he watches Jungkook figure out what to say. It’s cute and it makes his heart feel tight, the anxiety dropping away at just being close to him.

“Thank you, so do you,” he replies, keeping his hands in his pockets so he doesn’t do something inappropriate. Like touch Jungkook’s hair or cheek like he so desperately wants to. “Are your hyungs inside?”

Jungkook's eyes widen as he remembers his friends sitting inside the restaurant. His cheeks flushing, he laughs as he stuffs his hands back into the pockets of his bomber jacket. "Oh, yeah. They got a table for us," he says, nodding toward the door before opening it for Taehyung with a cheeky grin.

Taehyung can’t help the ghost of a smile that crosses his lips briefly as he steps into the restaurant, looking around for the table. He follows Jungkook to one where three other people are seated — the same ones he remembers seeing with Jungkook at Seokchon, watching the cherry blossom trees.

“Hi, you must be Taehyung,” Namjoon says, standing up and holding his hand out to shake his. Taehyung shakes it very briefly. “I’m Kim Namjoon. I work with Jungkook.”

“A pleasure,” Taehyung replies with a polite bow, turning to the other two next.

“I’m Kim Seokjin. Just have known these clowns for a long time,” Seokjin says with a wide grin, earning an elbow to the side from Yoongi and Namjoon.

Yoongi snorts as he leans against Seokjin's side before offering Taehyung his hand. "I'm Min Yoongi, Jungkook's editor."

Jungkook stands at Taehyung's side, his eyes sparkling excitedly as he looks between Taehyung and his hyungs. He hopes they like Taehyung as much as he does.

That Taehyung likes them too.

That Taehyung has fun tonight.

“It’s nice to meet all of you,” Taehyung says kindly before pulling out a chair for Jungkook and taking the one next to it. “Thank you for inviting me to join you.”

“Nonsense! The more the merrier,” Seokjin says, waving the waiter over. “Now, I don’t know about you guys, but I’m starving. So let’s order quickly.”

Namjoon rolls his eyes and chuckles, turning his attention back to Jungkook and Taehyung, unable to not notice how happy Jungkook looks as he looks at Taehyung.

He never looks at Sungmin like that.

“So Taehyung,” Namjoon says once Seokjin has ordered enough dakgalbi for three tables. “What do you do?”

“I’m a technical writer. I write manuals for appliances.”

Jungkook laughs, practically beaming with pride as he looks up at Taehyung. "I went through all my saved up manuals just to see if you wrote any of them," he teases.

Yoongi's eyebrows lift a bit, his head tilting curiously. "Really? What made you decide to be a tech writer?" he asks.

Taehyung cracks a small smile at Jungkook’s words before turning his attention back to Yoongi. “It’s a boring but easy job,” he says with a small shrug. “And I get to work remotely.”

“Oh man, that does sound nice,” Seokjin says with a wistful sigh. “Getting to work in your pajamas.”

"Technically Joonie hyung and I could work in our pajamas if we wanted to," Jungkook teases, his grin widening as he winks at Namjoon.

"Maybe I should start working from home," Yoongi mumbles as he leans back, crossing his arms over his chest. "Then I could work from my bed."

Jungkook laughs, his voice ringing like a bell as his heart flutters in his chest. He's so happy being here with Taehyung and his hyungs. He hopes they like him, but it seems like they do.

The conversation flows easily, the hyungs all asking Taehyung questions about himself, getting to know him. Seokjin nearly has soju come out his nose when Taehyung says something hilarious with a completely straight face, the whole table laughing.

Namjoon can’t help but notice how in tune Taehyung seems to be to Jungkook. How he refills his drink for him whenever it empties, or how he gives some of his own food (the best parts, no less) to Jungkook. How his body always curves to listen and give Jungkook his full, undivided attention when he speaks.

And he notices the eyes.

The eyes that Taehyung has on Jungkook, the ones full of longing and adoration.

“So Taehyung,” Namjoon says once the table quiets again, everyone busy eating their meals. “Are you seeing anyone?”

Taehyung looks at Namjoon, having to tear his fond gaze away from Jungkook to do so.

“No, I’m not,” he answers.

Jungkook's heart stalls in his chest before kicking back into gear. Glancing over at Taehyung, he hopes it isn't obvious the way his eyes shine or his ears burn. Or the way he's definitely smiling now.

"Really? Why not?" Yoongi asks, leaning back in his seat as he takes a sip of beer. "Guy as handsome as you probably has people throwing themselves at you."

(Jungkook's stomach churns at the thought.)

Taehyung feels a little tense as he gives a wry smile. “Not really,” he replies, stirring the food around on his plate. He hasn’t eaten much of it, not wanting to suffer the sickness that comes later. “I like to keep to myself.”

Seokjin hums thoughtfully. “Yeah, well, I’m sure the right person will come along for you!”

He can’t help it when his eyes flit to Jungkook for a brief moment. “Perhaps,” he says. “But I’m fine alone, too.”

Jungkook's heart aches as he watches Taehyung, wishing for the briefest, most painful moment that he knew what he felt was mutual. If Taehyung could feel their connection too.

(Wondering if Taehyung heard the bells like he did; if Taehyung thinks about him as often as he does him.)

And maybe Yoongi notices too, his eyebrows furrowing before he looks back at Taehyung. "Yeah, I get that," he says with a small nod.

Sitting up, Jungkook turns his smile back on Taehyung. "So, Taehyungie," he starts, the honorific slipping from his lips thoughtlessly, "Have you gotten the chance to read our comic?"

Taehyung is grateful for the conversation change, turning his attention back to Jungkook. “I have,” he answers, not minding the way Jungkook calls to him in the slightest. In fact, it fills him with warmth at being called that again after so long. “I've read it twice now, actually. And I went to the bookshop near my apartment and bought the rest of the series, as well.”

Namjoon’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “We have a ton of copies in our studio space,” he says. “We could have just given them to you.”

“I don’t mind paying for them myself,” Taehyung tells him sincerely, gaze turning back to Jungkook. “It’s incredible. I have a lot of notes I have kept on my phone to send to you once I finished the whole series.”

Jungkook's eyes widen, his heart slingshotting around his chest as he looks up at Taehyung, the stars in his eyes multiplying by a million. "Really?" he asks, his throat tight and his smile wide. "I can't wait to read them..."

Yoongi looks between the two of them before settling on a smile. "Kook's really talented, isn't he? Have you read his earlier stuff? I might be biased, but it's amazing," he says, nudging Seokjin and Namjoon with a little laugh. "You should ask to look through his sketchbook sometime too."

Jungkook's face immediately flushes as he thinks about the pages upon

of Taehyung drawings in there.

“I haven’t, I only recently learned he’s an artist,” Taehyung admits honestly, returning Jungkook’s smile with a small, soft one. “I’d love to read more. Everything. You’re very talented.”

And he’s not just biased because Jungkook is his soulmate, either.

“Aw, another little horror friend to add to the group,” Seokjin snorts, taking a drink of his soju. “I’m the only one that hates horror here? You guys are weird.”

Taehyung chuckles a little as Namjoon laughs. “I don’t like it either! Sometimes just working on the comics is enough to scare me.”

Jungkook laughs, turning his grin on Namjoon. "I'm sorry, hyung. I'd tone it down, but, you know," he teases, pillowing his cheek in his hand. 

"I mean, you could always be assisting another artist," Yoongi says, to which Jungkook kicks him under the table. 

"No, don't leave me," he whines playfully, pouting at Namjoon.

Namjoon laughs, reaching across the table to playfully flick Jungkook’s forehead. “I’m not going anywhere, don’t worry,” he tells him, dimples popping as he grins.

It’s endearing, watching Jungkook interact with his friends. Seeing him smiling so brightly, eyes sparkling with happiness, it warms Taehyung’s entire body. Knowing that even if he can’t be the one to make Jungkook happy, that he’s still happy — it means everything.

It hurts, but it’s good, too.

As Jungkook's friends tease him, Jungkook can't help but laugh as his ears burn bright and his cheeks start to sting. And as he whines playfully and teases his friends back, he accidentally leans against Taehyung just a little bit. 

Their arms brush together and it feels electric.

Every single fiber of Taehyung’s body and soul wants to melt against Jungkook’s familiar touch. Wants to lean against him, too, to touch and kiss and

His body goes tense instead, forcing himself not to touch Jungkook, not to lean into him, too. It proves to be even harder when he catches a whiff of Jungkook’s hair, which smells just as soft as it looks.

“So let’s get to the real questions here,” Seokjin says, face flushed from the alcohol. He levels his gaze on Taehyung and grins. “Do you have any cute friends, Taehyung?”

Taehyung makes a quiet grunt in the back of his throat. “I have one,” he says, thinking of Jimin. “Wait, two. Two friends.”

,” Seokjin stresses.

Yoongi rolls his eyes at Seokjin, as if this very question is

even though he isn't the one answering him. "Don't justify that with a response," he mumbles, elbowing Seokjin playfully.

Jungkook laughs even harder, though as soon as he notices how comfortably he's settled against Taehyung's side, he sits up straight, ears burning even brighter. "There's nothing wrong with wanting to meet cute guys, hyung," he says, reaching up to rub at his ears.

Seokjin sticks his tongue out at Yoongi. “See? Jungkook gets it!”

Namjoon watches Taehyung and Jungkook from across the table. “Well, maybe next time we can meet them, too,” he suggests. “It could be fun.”

Taehyung is still trying to regain his composure from the close brush from Jungkook, so he nods without really thinking. Or without even asking them.

? It seems a bit of a stretch, honestly. And if he invites him out, that seems like he’s asking Hoseok to be more involved in his life.

“That sounds perfect,” Seokjin agrees immediately. “I’m looking forward to meeting them. If they’re as attractive as you, then I think we will be lucky to meet them.”

Taehyung’s jaw drops a little when Seokjin winks at him.

Jungkook bursts out laughing, though he can't deny the way his heart skips a beat knowing his friends think that Taehyung is attractive too.

"That sounds fun. Maybe we could do a group dinner or something. Or, like, drinks," he says, looking over at Taehyung hopefully. He wants Taehyung to be more involved in his life.

Just like he wants to be more involved in Taehyung's.

He wants to meet his friends, hear more about his work, find out what he likes and what's important to him.

Namjoon shoves at Seokjin, making him laugh and fall against Yoongi who rolls his eyes at him. “Also ignore him. He gets flirty when he’s drunk.”

“Yeah, you jealous I’m not directing it towards you, dimples?” Seokjin jokes before he bursts out laughing again.

Taehyung clears his throat a little, glancing back at Jungkook. “Sure, I’m sure they would be interested in seeing me leave the house.”

Jungkook laughs again, though this time it's more like an infatuated giggle as he turns his sparkling smile on Taehyung. "Okay. That sounds perfect," he says, pillowing his cheek in his hand so he can watch Taehyung happily.

Looking like a teenager in love, Yoongi thinks as he takes another sip of his beer.

"Sounds good to me," he says, knocking back the rest of his drink.

“And me!” Seokjin croons, head falling to Yoongi’s shoulder with a sigh. “This was nice. Sorry Sungmin couldn’t make it, though.”

The mention of Jungkook’s fiancé has Taehyung glancing at Jungkook, wondering if he’s sad, too. If he misses his soon to be husband, if he thinks of him at night before bed.

Taehyung doesn’t need to know. He doesn’t need to tell Jungkook that he thinks of him every night, wonders if he’s happy, if he’s safe.

Jungkook doesn't look sad at all, waving his hand dismissively as he laughs. "It's fine. He's always busy with company stuff and the upcoming merger," he says, his smile (un)surprisingly bright for someone whose fiance spends most of his time at work. (It doesn't really bother him in the slightest.)

Glancing back over at Taehyung, his heart starts fluttering all over again the second their eyes connect. And his smile grows even more, eyes sparkling just from the barest contact between them.

"I'm glad you came, Taehyungie."

Something knotted starts to grow in Taehyung’s stomach at the way Jungkook seems to brush off his fiancé but look at him so brightly. He hates that he enjoys Jungkook’s attention, that he’s almost

that Jungkook seems to care more about him than his fiancé right now.

But he needs Jungkook to be happy and safe in this lifetime, too. And that means he shouldn’t be looking at Taehyung like this.

“I’m glad you invited me,” Taehyung answers, voice soft, sincere. “I hope your fiancé can come next time. He seemed very nice.”

Namjoon watches the two of them carefully as he sips at his beer.

Jungkook's smile turns soft, though the sparkle fades from his eyes just a little bit. "Yeah, he is," he says with a small nod. "And I'm sure you'll get to meet him."

The thought of Taehyung and Sungmin meeting makes his heart sink, and slowly, the warmth he's been feeling throughout this entire dinner begins to fade until the smile slips from his lips entirely.

Instead, all he feels now is the all-consuming guilt.

"Anyway, are we wrapping the night here?"

Taehyung feels guilty for many things, but by far the one he feels the most for right now is wiping the smile off of Jungkook’s face. His fingers grip at his slacks under the table tightly, forcing himself not to reach for him to comfort him with his touch.

“It is getting late,” Taehyung agrees politely. “I might call it an evening.”

“Noooo, we should go sing or something!” Seokjin says, sitting up straight again. His face is bright red. “Invite your friend! Let’s go to a club!”

“Hyung,” Namjoon snorts. “A club? Really? What are we, 20?”

Jungkook laughs, though it's a little bit more hollow than it was earlier. "I can't even remember the last time we went clubbing," he says, offering Seokjin a small smile. "But I wouldn't mind going dancing with you, hyung."

The thought of getting wasted and mindlessly grinding it out on a dance floor with his friends sounds kind of therapeutic.

“Let’s go!” Seokjin tries again, wiggling around between Namjoon and Yoongi. “There’s gotta be a club nearby!”

Taehyung doesn’t think it would be a good idea if he finds himself on a crowded dance floor with Jungkook. He can already feel himself going a little flushed at the idea of it.

“I guess we can go,” Namjoon says as he pulls out his phone while Seokjin cheers. “Let’s see if there’s one near. I don’t wanna have to go across Seoul this late.”

As Yoongi grumbles and looks over Namjoon's shoulder, he helps him find a club. And Jungkook turns back to Taehyung with a small smile.

"I know it's late, but... Do you want to come with us?" he asks, his smile hopeful again.

He knows it. Very well.

“Okay,” Taehyung says before he can stop himself.

“Great! There’s one just a few blocks away,” Seokjin says excitedly. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand and get dancing!”

As they all start to get up from the table, Taehyung moves ahead of them all to pay for the meal and drinks before they can protest. There’s not a lot he can do for Jungkook’s happiness without harming him, but using his wealth can maybe be a small something.

Jungkook follows after Taehyung, his friends piling outside to get some fresh air (after thanking Taehyung, of course). "Thanks for paying for us," he says with a small, hopeful little smile.

"And for coming dancing with us..."

Taehyung slides his hands into his pockets, his eyes softening as he looks at Jungkook. The two of them walk behind the rest of his friends, who seem to be struggling to keep Seokjin from stumbling too far.

“Of course,” he answers, watching Jungkook. He looks beautiful under the full moon shining overhead. “Thank you for inviting me, though I’m not sure I’m much of a dancer.”

It’s been a few years since he had to go to places like bars and clubs, looking for someone to feed from. And he doesn’t usually enjoy them, but with Jungkook, he’s feeling excited.

Because he can’t fuck this up, he can’t be the reason Jungkook is unhappy or hurt or dead in this life.

Jungkook laughs, his smile widening again as he looks over at Taehyung. "It's okay. I'm not much of a dancer either," he says with a laugh, hands sliding into the pockets of his bomber jacket again.

Now that he's back outside, he forgot how flimsy this stupid thing was and he shivers a bit as he hugs it closer.

"It'll be fun. We can watch Seokjin flail around the dance floor."

Taehyung can’t help the low chuckle that escapes his lips at the mental image. He hasn’t known Seokjin for very long, but he’s certain that is exactly what he’ll see tonight.

“Are you cold?” Taehyung asks when he notices Jungkook shivering again. 

Before he can stop himself or think too much about it, he’s removing his coat and sliding it on over Jungkook’s shoulders. He’s always been weak to Jungkook; he’s always given him anything he needs and wants.

Even if it’s only a simple jacket for a short walk.

“Here, wear this,” he says softly as he helps Jungkook’s arms slip into it. “Don’t want you catching a cold.”

Jungkook's cheeks flush as he shrugs deeper into Taehyung's coat. It's so warm, so big and comfortable and soft. And it smells like Taehyung.

Sweet and heady. Warm and comfortable.

Burying his nose into the collar, Jungkook inhales deeply, his blush deepening as he looks back up at Taehyung, their eyes locking.

"Thank you," he says quietly, sliding his hands into the pockets as he settles next to Taehyung. "What about you? Won't you be cold?"

Taehyung is nothing short of endeared as he watches Jungkook burrow into his coat, taking in a deep breath at the collar. When their eyes lock, he feels a swoop in his stomach, his lips twitching up into a small, soft smile.

“I don’t mind the cold,” he answers, hands sliding into his pants pockets.

Their footsteps match pace as they walk, the full moon overhead shining down on them brightly. Taehyung feels at peace like this, walking with Jungkook again. Hearing the comforting sound of his breathing.

When they arrive at the club, there is a short line before they’re let inside. The group makes a beeline for the bar first to order a round of drinks to get them started.

Jungkook sticks close to Taehyung, burrowing into his jacket even as the temperature begins to rise in the club. With so many bodies packed together, it's bound to get hot and sweaty, but he isn't ready to unwrap himself from the comforting scent of Taehyung.

Everyone orders drinks, laughing to themselves as Seokjin already starts moving to the music. Jungkook instead steps closer to Taehyung, declining a drink with the hope of staying sober. (He doesn't need to do anything stupid tonight.)

"You want anything, Taehyung?" Yoongi asks, nodding toward the bartender.

Taehyung also declines a drink, stating that he has a car parked nearby and wants to stay sober to drive it home later. So while the other three start drinking, their conversation slowly lulls to an end as Seokjin drags Namjoon’s arm, trying to pull him to the dance floor.

“Fine! Kook, you come dance with me!” he pouts, making Yoongi snort. “You said you would!”

Taehyung shifts to get up to let Jungkook out of the booth the group has occupied. It’s loud here, difficult to talk, and he feels a bit awkward being here. But everyone else still seems to be having a good time.

Jungkook laughs as he squeezes out of the booth, brushing up against Taehyung as he stumbles out. Finally shrugging out of Taehyung's jacket (he doesn't want to get it all sweaty on the dance floor), he sets it down in the booth with a smile.

"Taehyungie, come with us," he says, holding his hand out for Taehyung to take as Seokjin starts to pull him onto the dance floor. "Let's dance!"

Taehyung truly doesn’t think it’s a good idea to be on a dance floor with Jungkook, so close. Sweaty. Bodies swaying to a fast beat.

But before he can say he’d rather stay at the table for now, Seokjin is grabbing his sweater sleeve and dragging him along with them.

When they find a place on the dance floor, Seokjin starts doing his own thing, arms flailing around. Taehyung is stiff, jaw clenched at the amount of smells that fill his nose, the sounds of hundreds of hearts pounding filling his ears, louder than the music.

He starts to move his hips a little, hands to himself, as Seokjin throws his head back and dances like no one is watching.

Even if several dozen people

Jungkook laughs even harder as he watches Seokjin, wishing he had the kind of shamelessness to fully let go like that. Instead, he just sways his hips to the beat, shyly at first as he finds the rhythm.

All around them, people are moving and grinding to the beat, the air heavy with sweat and desire and laughter. And as Jungkook slowly loses himself to the music, he turns to Taehyung with a grin.

"Is that the best you got?" he teases, grabbing Taehyung's hands and pulling him closer. "Yoongi dances better than that."

Taehyung catches his gasp in his throat as he’s pulled closer by Jungkook, his hands warm against his cool ones. He quickly finds himself close to him, bumped closer by a flailing Seokjin on accident, their chests pressing together, eyes locking.

His hands slide up to hold Jungkook’s waist politely, his black nails wanting to press into his skin, wanting to rip the shirt from his body and feel his hot, bare skin. But he doesn’t, keeps his touch innocent, despite his mind reeling with memories of all the times in different lives that he got to feel Jungkook this close in very not platonic ways.

“I told you I’m not one for dancing,” he finally answers, his words coming out with a soft breath as he settles and starts swaying to the beat of the music playing.

Even with Seokjin’s crazy dancing beside them, to Taehyung, there is only Jungkook. He can’t look away, his hazel eyes gazing at him so fondly, so softly. Longing.

"You're getting better," Jungkook says, feeling breathless as Taehyung's touch burns through every layer of clothing on his body. And as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck, he can't help but revel in how right this feels.

Like returning home.

Swaying his hips with the beat, the rest of the world fades into the background as his eyes lock with Taehyung's. 

And not for the first time, he wishes he could have this all the time.

(He wishes he could have more.)

Taehyung’s fingers spread across his waist and back, their hips moving in time with the music as the rest of the world fades away, until it’s just them. He focuses his senses, listens intently to the sound of Jungkook’s heart pounding in his chest; he can smell his blood, sweet and hot, pumping through his veins.

His fingers dip into his waist a little more, wanting to pull him closer but knowing he can’t.

“It’s easy to follow your lead,” Taehyung tells him, voice low, deep. Husky. His soul is practically crying, begging for him to kiss Jungkook.

To feel whole again.

Jungkook shivers, a flush creeping up his neck as a gasp catches itself in his throat. Taehyung is enchanting -- mesmerizing, addicting -- and he can't look away. Can't pull himself back, even as he feels his heart beat faster and his breathing increase.

It feels like something inside of him is calling out to Taehyung. The same part of him that knows Taehyung is his soulmate. And he wants to give into that side; wants to feel complete in a way he never fully has.

But he can't. And that thought crushes him the most.

As they dance under the changing lights overhead, Taehyung can’t help the way his grip on Jungkook tightens, the way he presses a little bit closer. They aren’t grinding, aren’t doing anything sexual, but feeling this close to Jungkook is dizzying.

It has been over a hundred years since he last held Jungkook in his arms.

Since he last felt him so close.

But as the song ends, Taehyung slowly — reluctantly — takes a step back, lets his hands fall from Jungkook’s waist.

“I’m going to get a drink,” he says. “Thank you for the dance, Jungkook-ah.”

Though Jungkook's heart slowly sinks into his chest, he still manages a small smile as he looks up at Taehyung. Slowly, he drops his arms from around Taehyung's neck and steps back, placing some distance between them.

It feels cold and empty without Taehyung's arms around him. And realizing that makes his heart ache again.

"Thank you, Taehyungie," he says with a small smile.

Taehyung hates that he’s the reason Jungkook’s smile looks less happy, a little sad. But he also knows that if he kept dancing so close to him, he was going to do something stupid — like kiss him.

He heads to the bar to get a drink, though when he returns to the table, he slides it over to Yoongi, giving it to him.

As he listens to them chat about the comic Jungkook is currently working on, Taehyung can’t help but look out at the dance floor, finding Jungkook easily. He’s still there, dancing with Seokjin, and fuck, he looks so good. His hips moving to the beat, his arms up, over his head and behind it, touching his nape as his head tilts back.

Taehyung’s eyes trail down the slope of Jungkook’s neck, over his adams apple.

To his collar bones, visible when he moves just right, his top few buttons undone.

Taehyung’s mouth waters, wanting to sink his teeth into his skin. To hold him close in his lap and feed from him, to taste his delicious blood again.

Jungkook isn't oblivious to Taehyung's eyes on him. In fact, he can feel the weight of them on top of him. It's comforting, he thinks. But it also steals the breath from his lungs and makes him want to scream at the same time.

So he ignores it, dancing with Seokjin and trying not to think about how good it felt to have Taehyung so close.

And he tries to think of Sungmin instead. Sungmin, his fiance. His partner. His oldest friend.

And the guilt swirls even tighter, his body slowing until he's standing still in the middle of the dance floor.

Taehyung watches Jungkook dancing until Namjoon asks him something, drawing his attention away from him. It helps him to clear his head, too, to realize that he can’t pine after Jungkook like this.

Jungkook is engaged. He is happy and safe in this lifetime, and that’s just what Taehyung wants.

So he forces his eyes to remain on Namjoon and Yoongi as they talk, makes himself keep his eyes away from Jungkook looking sinfully delicious in more ways than one.

Just as Jungkook is about to head back to the table and gather his things to head home -- he's not really in the mood to dance anymore -- someone touches his shoulder. Spinning around, he comes face to face with some random guy, who's grinning from ear to ear. 

"You wanna dance?" he asks, and Jungkook glances back at the table only to see Taehyung, Namjoon, and Yoongi engrossed in a conversation. 

"Sure," he says with a small smile, and the man lightly grabs his hips and pulls him closer to move to the beat of the song. This time, Jungkook really lets himself get lost, letting all thoughts of Taehyung and Sungmin fade into background noise as he focuses on the heavy beat pounding in time with his heart instead. 

And it helps, if only a little. 

Taehyung glances at Jungkook again when Seokjin returns to the table alone. He finds him easily, eyes drawn to him as he dances with some random man. The sight is enough to send irritation to the pit of his stomach.

He wishes to hold and dance with Jungkook like this. Some random man can, but Taehyung can’t?

He stands before he can reason with himself, sliding out of the booth and heading back down to the dance floor. He tries to fight himself on it the entire way, but finally, when he reaches them, he slides a hand along the small of Jungkook’s back.

“May I cut in?” he asks, leaning close to his ear to be heard over the music, voice deep and husky.

A shiver rips up Jungkook's spine, his breath catching in his throat as he leans into Taehyung's touch. Warmth radiated up his back as his ears flush. And for a moment, he feels intoxicated even though he hasn't had a drop of alcohol. 

Turning toward Taehyung, he smiles and nods. "Thanks for the dance," he says to the man before he turns towards Taehyung completely. Arms wrapping around him, he leans in to speak in his ear. "I thought you didn't like dancing..."

Taehyung’s hands slide more comfortable along Jungkook’s hips, still respectful. But he presses closer, his cheek touching Jungkook’s, lips by his ear.

“I didn’t like seeing that man touching you,” he growls, fingers tightening just a little. Remembering how they had been moving their hips together.

The truth is, Taehyung wants Jungkook all for himself. He craves him, his arms ache from wanting to hold him. His entire being is begging for him to give in, to kiss him, to have him again — future pain be damned.

Jungkook's eyes flutter shut as a moan builds in his throat, his gut kicking and twisting as his hold on Taehyung tightens. Shivering again, he turns his head toward Taehyung just a little bit, their noses bumping.

They're so close. Too close.

(And yet, not close enough.)

"Oh?" he asks, his tone teasing, his voice breathless. "And why's that?"

Taehyung feels breathless even if technically, he doesn’t need to breathe. His eyes lock on Jungkook’s, listening to the sound of his rapid heartbeat in his chest, to the blood flowing through his veins.

Taehyung wants. Wants so badly.

“You know why,” he says, voice low.

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, his eyes widening as his eyes lock with Taehyung's. As Taehyung's words rip right through him, piercing his heart.

In the pit of his stomach, burning embers stoke themselves into a fire. And if he had any less self control, he'd brush their lips together, claiming what he's wanted since the moment he first saw Taehyung.

But to know that Taehyung wants him too?

It makes him feel dizzy, his heart pounding even harder against his chest.

Breath ghosting against Taehyung's cheek, he swallows thickly as their noses bump together again. "Dance with me, Taehyungie," he whispers before turning in Taehyung's arms (before he does something stupid). Leaning back against Taehyung's chest, he starts swaying his hips, reaching back to weave his fingers through Taehyung's hair and pull him closer.

Taehyung’s hands slide around to grip Jungkook’s hips, a shiver running down his spine as he feels Jungkook’s back press to his chest. They move to the beat, keeping their hips moving but not grinding — close, but not close enough to turn into dirty dancing.

Still, Taehyung’s nose brushes against Jungkook’s neck, his eyes fluttering shut as he breathes in his warm, familiar scent.

Being this close, he can feel his gums aching, his teeth wanting to come down to graze against his skin. His eyes flash from hazel to red, so he keeps them closed, torturing himself by allowing himself this moment.

Knowing that it is the only one that they will have in this lifetime.

Jungkook feels drunk on Taehyung's touch, every tiny movement setting him on fire in a way he never thought possible. His heart is racing, his breath catching in his throat when he feels Taehyung's nose brush against it.

His thoughts are a jumbled mess, his stomach twisting and turning as his heart and mind beg him to let go. To give in to every tiny desire that's been building up within him over the past few weeks. His heart

for Taehyung in a way he's never felt; his soul singing in ecstasy.

And he's too far gone to feel guilty.

It feels as though Taehyung’s body is burning from the inside out. If there wasn’t a fiance in Jungkook’s life, Taehyung is certain he’d be taking him home, fucking him slow and tenderly, drinking from him. The fact that he can’t makes his fingers grip at Jungkook’s shirt tightly, fisting it.

His breath fans out across Jungkook’s neck and Taehyung relishes in the sight of goosebumps on his skin. At the shiver that he feels run down Jungkook’s spine.

“Jungkook,” Taehyung whispers into his ear, his eyes slipping shut again, nose brushing against the hair at the side of his head. “We should stop.”

Jungkook's eyelids flutter, another shiver ripping up his spine as he feels Taehyung's breath against his ear; his words echoing through him. The fire in his gut intensifies, raging through him like a wildfire, and if he were any less himself than he would give into it completely.

He has to be strong. Because he made a promise. To his family. To Sungmin.

(Even though he knows Taehyung wants him. Fuck.)

Slowly unwinding his fingers from Taehyung's hair, he sighs as he leans back against him, eyes fluttering open. He doesn't want to stop -- Taehyung's touch feels so comfortable; so grounding -- but Taehyung's right.

"Yeah," he says quietly, offering Taehyung a small smile.

Taehyung wets his lips as he retracts his hands, his gaze softening as he looks at Jungkook. On this entire planet, Taehyung cares for very few people at all — but for Jungkook, he would do anything.

“I’m sorry,” he murmurs, resting a hand against Jungkook’s flushed cheek, his touch cool. He wishes he could do more, wishes that there was no fiance — that there was no curse.

He wishes he weren’t so greedy.

“I think I’m going to leave,” Taehyung says softly, slowly letting his hand return to his side.

Jungkook's eyes follow Taehyung's hand, missing his touch already. His hand felt so nice against his cheek; so grounding and relaxing. Glancing back up at Taehyung, he gives him a small, hopeful smile.

"I'm getting tired too. Can I walk you out?" he asks, eyes wide and imploring.

He's not ready for this night to end. Even if this is the most he can ever have of Taehyung.

“Of course,” he responds immediately, no hesitance.

Taehyung would give Jungkook the world if he asked.

“If you’re also tired, I can always drive you home,” he offers as they head back to the table so he can get his coat.

Jungkook follows after Taehyung, trying to ignore the pending storm brewing inside of his heart in favor of saving the last moments of the night. 

When he gets back to the table, he grabs his bomber jacket and slips it on before turning to his friends with a smile. "I'm beat. Taehyungie's gonna drive me home," he says, which earns him a significant Stare from Yoongi.

“Okay, well, text us so we know you made it,” Namjoon says with a small smile, looking as unsure about this as Yoongi.

Taehyung slips his coat back on and bows politely to Yoongi and Namjoon. “It was a pleasure meeting you all tonight, thank you for having me,” he says, hands moving into his pockets. “I’ll make sure Jungkook gets home safely.”

As they head out, Taehyung stops to pay all their tabs for the evening as a final treat, slipping his black card back into his wallet as he leads Jungkook out of the club. His car is parked not too far, but it takes a few minutes of walking along the sidewalks together to reach it.

“I hope your hyungs liked me,” Taehyung says as he unlocks his car for them to slip into it.

Jungkook slips into the passenger's seat, buckling himself in before he turns to look at Taehyung with a smile. "They liked you a lot," he says, though he didn't miss the unsure looks he got from them just moments ago.

He wishes they would trust him more...

"Did you have fun tonight?"

Taehyung glances at Jungkook and gives a small smile. “I did,” he answers truthfully. Even if it was difficult to restrain himself. “Thank you for inviting me.”

He puts Jungkook’s apartment address into his navigation and starts driving. They’re in a busier neighborhood, so traffic is a bit heavy for a few minutes, but once they reach the expressway, they’re driving much faster.

Taehyung watches the road as he drives, one hand resting on the gear shift, the other holding the steering wheel as he effortlessly changes lanes, speeding up to pass cars going too slow for his liking.

Jungkook tries not to marvel at how effortlessly handsome Taehyung looks while driving, but it's hard. Because, fuck, he looks so effortlessly handsome while driving.

Maybe he should invest in a car...

For a moment, he isn't sure what to say, especially after everything that transpired over the last few hours. He feels like his head's still reeling, the words

branded into his memory and making every moment -- even the innocuous ones -- feel charged.

And he wants Taehyung.

"What kind of stuff do you do with your friends?" he asks, turning toward Taehyung. "Besides watching Twilight."

Taehyung glances at Jungkook as he switches lanes, closer and closer to the exit near Jungkook’s apartment. He doesn’t want this night to end, doesn’t want to be apart from his soulmate again, even if it is what is best for him.

“That’s about it,” he answers honestly, getting off the expressway and slowing down to a stop at a red light. “I don’t get out much. He checks on me every few days to make sure I’m still alive,” Taehyung chuckles at his own pun. “And we usually stay in and watch a movie.”

He looks at Jungkook again, allowing himself to take in his features as shadows and streetlights dance across his face.

“What about you and your hyungs?”

Jungkook laughs, his smile softening as he leans back against the seat. "That sounds relaxing though. I kinda like staying in," he says quietly, also enjoying the way he can just admire Taehyung.

And enjoy this quiet moment together.

"My hyungs and I mostly go out to eat. A lot."

"Seokjin hyung likes making us go out to new places and Joonie hyung always wants to take us to museums. But Yoongi and I are homebodies."

Taehyung knows. Jungkook usually enjoys staying in, too. He smiles, dozens of memories coming to mind.

“That sounds nice,” he tells him as he starts driving again, getting closer and closer to Jungkook’s apartment. “I’m glad you have friends that do a lot of fun things with you. That makes me happy.”

As he turns into Jungkook’s neighborhood, both of them fall quiet, knowing the night is almost over.

“I’m sure your fiance will be happy to see you home so early,” he says as he pulls to a stop in front of Jungkook’s building, turning to look at him.

The mention of Sungmin sends a spike of pain through Jungkook's heart, a bitter reminder of everything still churning in his head. But he still manages a smile as he looks at Taehyung too. "Sungmin and I don't actually live together," he says simply, laughing quietly.

He's actually not really looking forward to moving into Sungmin's place. It's further away, not as close to Namjoon's apartment and his publishing house. And even though Sungmin cleared a room for his studio, he likes the one he's made for himself.

Likes the little home he's made here.

Taehyung’s eyebrows raise in surprise, wetting his lips. Even if he shouldn’t, he can’t help but feel relieved hearing those words. As if it makes Jungkook any less engaged or anymore his than he was before.

As if it breaks the curse or changes anything.

“Ah, well,” he says instead, clearing his throat. “I apologize for the assumption.”

Jungkook laughs, waving his hand dismissively. "It's okay. It seems like the obvious choice, but I kinda like being on my own," he says, his grin widening a little bit.

As silence fills the car again, Jungkook knows he should get out. He should walk into his building and crawl into bed and try to process everything that's happened tonight. But he wants to savor the last of these moments.

But with that comes the guilt. Not only that he's thinking of another man while engaged, but... that Taehyung is thinking of him too. That he might be stringing Taehyung along.

And while he would never willingly do that to Taehyung...

"Um, thanks for everything tonight." His smile softens. "For dinner and dancing and drinks. And bringing me home." Pausing, he starts fiddling with his engagement ring, which is just loose enough to be annoying. "But you can always tell me no, you know. If... it's too much."

Taehyung’s gaze softens even more, his eyes watching him play with the ring around his finger. The last thing he wants to ever do is make Jungkook feel guilty, or bad.

“Spending time with you is never too much,” he tells him softly, gently resting his hand over Jungkook’s fidgeting ones. “But you know, the same offer goes to you. If it’s — if

is too difficult, it doesn’t have to be anything.”

Gently squeezing Jungkook’s hands, he adds, “Our friendship is there, if you wish for it to be. But I understand that it may be difficult for you, as well, and I don’t ever want you to feel like you’re doing something wrong.”

Jungkook feels a little weight lift off his chest as he takes Taehyung's hand in his. It feels... different to acknowledge this thing that's between them. To finally get it out in the open.

To know it isn't just him.

A good kind of different.

"Being with you is... the easiest thing I've ever done," he says quietly, squeezing Taehyung's hand back, offering him a small, soft smile. "I want this to be something. I just... I don't ever want to take advantage of you."

Taehyung watches their hands, how they fit together so perfectly, like they always have. Jungkook’s palm a little bigger, fingers shorter while Taehyung’s are longer, his palm smaller.

He misses these hands.

“Don’t worry about that,” he murmurs, voice deep and husky in the dark, quiet car. He glances up from their hands to meet Jungkook’s gaze. “I will gladly take whatever you give me of yourself, Jungkook. I’m aware there are limits — that this friendship is the most we can have.”

Jungkook wishes they could have more -- oh, how he wishes -- but he knows Taehyung's right. And so he nods gently, his fingers sliding in between Taehyung's, wanting to hold his hand just a little while longer before he goes back to his apartment.

"I know. I just... If I do anything that feels like too much, or if I cross a line, you can let me know. Because I don't want to lose you," he says, his eyes locked with Taehyung's.

The thing he knows he can't say he, he's pretty sure Taehyung already has all of him.

“Okay,” Taehyung whispers, his heart aching with want as he watches Jungkook’s fingers slip between his own. He remembers a day in another life, laying in Taehyung’s bed in his old home, before there were cities and Seoul.

Morning light coming into the room, lighting up Jungkook’s golden skin, their fingers loosely intertwined as he leaned back against Taehyung’s chest, playing with their fingers. A warm, happy smile on his kiss swollen lips, body glistening slightly with sweat from their round of slow morning sex.

It makes Taehyung’s heart ache even more, makes him yearn.

“You’ll never lose me, Jungkook,” Taehyung says softly, eyes still focused on their fingers as his brows furrow slightly. “It is me who will lose you.”

Jungkook's eyebrows furrow too, his heart aching. He's not sure what Taehyung means. If his getting married will be the moment he's lost or if Taehyung thinks he'll leave eventually. And it hurts to think of either of those moments. 

But... Now that his heart and soul feel so complete, there's no way he would ever leave. 

"Taehyungie, you're never going to lose me either," he says quietly, dipping his head to try and catch Taehyung's gaze.  "I'm not going anywhere. I promise..."

Jungkook’s words do nothing to soothe Taehyung, because he knows that Jungkook doesn’t know about the curse. Doesn’t know about their past lives together — doesn’t know how many times Taehyung has had to lose him tragically.

Instead, Taehyung manages a small smile as he squeezes Jungkook’s hands gently.

“I hope so,” he agrees in a whisper. “Don’t worry about me, Jungkook. If you’re happy and safe, then I am content.”

How can Jungkook not worry about Taehyung? Especially given everything between them... But he supposes that's a conversation for another time. 

Just like the conversation about his happiness.

"Okay," he says quietly, giving Taehyung a gentle nod and a gentler smile. "I want you to be happy too, Taehyungie. But also, spending time with you makes me the happiest."

Taehyung’s heart squeezes at that, a real smile blooming across his face for the first time in

. Knowing that Jungkook cares for him, even if it can only be platonic, is more than enough.

Taehyung has had lifetimes with Jungkook, and he vowed never to watch him die again after the last time.

So friends is all they can be. Even if Jungkook wasn’t engaged.

“Spending time with you makes me the happiest, too,” he says softly. “Now go on up and get some sleep. We’ll see each other again, Jungkook.”

Jungkook's heart explodes, ramming up against his rib cage, as Taehyung's bright and beautiful smile comes into full bloom. And as he squeezes Taehyung's hands tight, he can't help the smile that tugs at the corners of his lips until his nose is scrunching and his cheeks hurt. 

He makes Taehyung the happiest.

Just knowing that makes his head spin with delight, a quiet laugh crawling up his throat. And while he wants to say here, talking with Taehyung until the sun rises, exhaustion tugs at the corners of his eyes and settles deep into his bones.

Nodding, he gives Taehyung's hands another squeeze before finally untangling their fingers. And the gaps between his own feel so empty without Taehyung there to fill them. "Good night, Taehyungie," he says, his smile soft but his heart still full. And slowly -- reluctantly -- he opens the door to slide out of Taehyung's car. "I'll see you soon."

Taehyung nods, eyes soft as he watches Jungkook go. He stays parked there until Jungkook gets into his building, sighing as he runs a hand through his hair, his chest aching.

Somehow, Jungkook only seems to get more and more lovable in every lifetime.

After a few minutes, Taehyung puts his car into drive and heads home. But he’s restless, so he goes for a walk, finding himself in front of their cherry blossom tree. Most of the petals are gone now, the sidewalks littered in a sea of pink.

He gently runs his fingers over the tree bark, carved with their initials.

He stays there until the first morning light, thinking of Jungkook, wondering if he’s having good dreams. If he’s dreaming of him.

And when he finally reaches home, he feels exhausted, dropping onto the couch with a sigh.

He hopes he won’t lose Jungkook in this life.

Taehyung doesn’t think he could bear it happening again.

Jungkook's eyes glaze over as he follows after Sungmin, who's chatting with a jeweler about wedding bands. They've been to three different jewelry stores, but none have had the perfect ring.

According to Sungmin, anyway.

Jungkook thinks he'll be fine with whatever rings Sungmin picks out. He's not entirely picky about jewelry, even if this is something he'll be wearing on his hand for, well, forever.

The word rings in his heart, making it ache as his mind immediately goes to Taehyung, sitting next to him in the car and smiling so wide and beautiful. And as his eyes seek out Sungmin, who's smiling softly as he inspects a ring, that momentary flutter of emotion turns into a wave of pain and guilt.

He shouldn't be thinking about Taehyung right now. He's preparing for his wedding. To Sungmin. One of his best friends... And so he plasters a smile onto his face as pretends to look at other rings in the glass display.

“How about these?” Sungmin asks as he waves him closer, pointing out two wedding bands. “Or do you prefer silver?”

He looks at Jungkook with expecting eyes, an eyebrow quirked as he waits for a response. The jeweler comes over, though, asking if they would like to see the rings closer or even try them on.

“Yes please,” Sungmin says with a smile, watching as the jeweler pulls them from the case. “Let’s try them on, Kook.”

Jungkook steps closer, looking down at the bands. They're pretty, he thinks, which is good enough for him. "I like gold and silver," he says with a nod, holding his hand out as Sungmin slides the ring onto his finger.

It feels a little too tight, but whatever, he knows the jeweler will size it correctly.

"Which one do you prefer?"

Sungmin holds Jungkook’s hand, smiling at the ring on his finger. It seems to almost glitter in the lighting of the store, pretty. “I like both, too,” he answers, thumb stroking lightly over the top of Jungkook’s hand. “But the gold is pretty with your skin tone.”

He slides the other one out to Jungkook and holds his own hand out, waiting for him to slip the ring on for him, too.

“These are nice,” Sungmin says. “What do you think?”

Jungkook slips the ring on Sungmin's finger with a small smile. It does look nice, he thinks, as he looks down at his own finger. The gold sparkles under the light and as he looks down on it, he knows he should feel more excited than he currently is.

"I like them," he says with a nod, glancing back over at Sungmin. "But what do you think?"

“I like them, too,” Sungmin agrees. “Let’s get them.”

He turns to the jeweler, telling him that they’ll take both of them, when his phone rings. He slips the ring off to hand back, excusing himself for a moment as he steps outside, answering his phone.

It only lasts a few minutes before he’s stepping back inside, a stressed look on his face.

“I’m so sorry, babe,” he says. “I have to go back into work, there was some kind of mix up. Do you think you could handle the engravings and maybe picking out the center pieces on your own?”

Jungkook's eyes widen as he looks between Sungmin and the jeweler. Engravings

centerpieces? His stomach churns at the thought, though he forces a smile on anyway. "Yeah, of course. You do what you have to do," he says, giving Sungmin's shoulder a gentle squeeze.

Sungmin looks relieved immediately, leaning in to press a soft kiss to his cheek. “Thanks babe, you’re the best,” he tells him with a smile. “I’ll see you later? I’ll call you tonight to go over everything you pick out for the wedding binder.”

He pulls his wallet out and slips out his credit card, handing it to Jungkook before he heads out, getting into his car and leaving for work, leaving Jungkook alone in the jeweler’s store.

Jungkook offers Sungmin a small wave as he watches him leave, eventually disappearing from sight. And as he turns back to the jeweler, dread begins to fill his stomach until he starts feeling a little dizzy.

"So, uh, engravings," he says slowly, glancing down at the rings. "Uh, what about, uh... the date of the wedding?" He winces at his own suggestion, panic quickly replacing the dread.

What if Sungmin hates it? What if the centerpieces don't go with the table settings and the venue? What if they look out of place?

What if Sungmin wanted roses instead of lilies or lilies instead of roses? 

The jeweler looks at Jungkook expectantly as he gets out an order form to fill out. “Wedding dates are quite common,” he tells him, as if sensing his anxiety. “When is the date of the wedding, sir?”

After he fills out the form, he rings Jungkook up for the rings, the total having several zeros more than your average ring. But they’re gold, and they’re engraved, and they’re forever rings.

“Have a nice day, sir,” the jeweler says as he hands him the card and receipt. “We’ll have the rings ready to be picked up next week.”

Jungkook nods, taking the card and receipt back as he tries not to overthink the engravings. Should he have written something else? Their engagement date? Their names? Some kind of quote or word or something?

Something meaningful to them?

Hopefully Sungmin likes it.

"Thanks," he says with a nod before he practically scurries out of the store. Okay, centerpieces next. Where did Sungmin say he needed to pick those out? Does he have to go somewhere or just look at photos?

Opening his phone, he types

how to pick out a centerpiece

into naver and starts searching.

While Jungkook is searching on naver about centerpieces, his phone rings, a picture of Yoongi lighting up the screen.

“Hey Kook,” Yoongi says once the call is picked up, some notes in front of him about the comic episode he was sent by Namjoon last night. He pauses, though, when the sound of panicked breathing fills his ear. “Uhh, you okay? Am I calling at a bad time?”

Jungkook swallows a scream as he grips his phone tightly. "Hyung, do you know anything about wedding centerpieces?" he asks, his voice going up a few octaves as he walks in circles on the sidewalk outside of the jewelry store.

"Do I have to pick them up? Do I choose them? Does Sungmin just want a picture or am I buying them? Do I go to a florist or is there a special wedding florist or something?"

Yoongi blinks, pulling his phone away from his ear for a moment to look at it before carefully bringing it closer. “Uh, I’m sure if you go to a florist they can help you,” he tries, unsure himself.

He pulls up naver to double check.

“Do you… need some help?” Yoongi offers with a wince. “You sound like you’re struggling. No offense.”

Jungkook practically sobs in relief as he hugs his phone close to his ear. "Please, hyung. I have no idea what I'm doing," he cries as he starts walking in faster circles. People weave around him, giving him Looks which he's too panicked to notice. "This is too much responsibility. I'm a horror artist, not a wedding planner..."

Yoongi doesn’t know anything about weddings, either, to be honest. But if it will help calm Jungkook down, then he can go look at flowers and stuff.

“Okay, send me your location and I’ll come to you,” he tells him, getting up from his chair at the office and grabbing his jacket to throw on. He grabs his keys from the desk and heads out. “We’ll figure it out together, okay? Deep breaths, Kook.”

Jungkook nods, taking a few deep breaths as he looks out onto the street, counting the cars that pass by until he starts to calm down a little. Though, honestly, just having Yoongi with him is a relief already. "Thank you so much, hyung," he says, sniffling a little bit. "I'll send you my location."

As soon as they hang up, Jungkook drops a pin in his chat with Yoongi before doing his best to relax. It's going to be okay. Yoongi's with him. Everything will be fine...

Yoongi shows up about ten minutes later, stopping in front of the jewelry shop and rolling the window down to call out to Jungkook. Once he slides into the passenger seat, Yoongi looks at him to make sure he’s okay before pulling off and heading for a florist shop that he found on naver with really good reviews.

“You alright, kid?” he asks, switching lanes to get onto the expressway. “Look a little green in the face right now. What’s going on?”

Jungkook sighs as he leans back against the passenger's seat, his eyes closing and his stomach rolling. "Sungmin and I were doing wedding stuff and he got called back to work. And he wants me to pick out the centerpieces," he mumbles, opening his eyes to look over at Yoongi.

"It probably sounds so stupid, but what if I pick out something he hates? What if it doesn't go with everything else he picked out?"

Yoongi frowns, reaching one hand out to pat Jungkook’s knee in what he hopes is a comforting gesture. Ever since the other night when they had dinner and met Taehyung, he’s been thinking about Jungkook and Sungmin.

“I’m sure he will love anything you pick out,” he says gently. “It’s about the marriage, not the wedding. Besides, it’s your wedding, too, you know?”

He glances at Jungkook again, hoping he isn’t crossing a line.

“Of course it’s normal to stress about this stuff, but… remember that this is as much your wedding as it is his. You should be having some say in it, Kook.”

Jungkook falls silent, his eyebrows furrowing as he looks at Yoongi. Slowly, the words sink in, his chest starting to ache as he thinks about this impending wedding. Just a few months away before he and Sungmin have forever together.

(Before he has to move out of his apartment and into Sungmin's house. Before he's married.)

"I do," he says quietly, though he doesn't sound convinced. "Sungmin always asks for my opinion on stuff..."

“So why are you freaking out?” Yoongi asks, keeping his tone soft as he pulls up to a parking spot. “Is it cold feet or something?”

It takes a moment to parallel park before he can finally turn to look at Jungkook, his eyes concerned.

“You know that you deserve to be happy, right, Kook?”

Jungkook sighs, leaning back in the passenger's seat a little bit as he rolls Yoongi's questions around in his mind. Happiness, especially his own, it seems like such a complex topic nowadays. Before meeting Taehyung, he was happy with his work, with his friends, and satisfied in his relationship.

But now... He's been wondering if he was ever happy to begin with.

Because the way he feels around Taehyung is so different than the way he feels around Sungmin.

"I'm happy enough," he says, looking back at Yoongi. "I just... I want Sungmin to be happy. He's one of my best friends and I care about him so much."

Yoongi lets out a slow exhale. “Yeah, but Jungkook… I’m asking about

Sensing that this conversation might take a while, he reaches over to turn off the car, slipping the keys into his jacket pocket.

“Being in love with someone means you wouldn’t have to say you’re happy

,” he tells him softly, lips pursing. “Forget for a second that it’s Sungmin, okay? What does Jungkook want to be happy? Is this wedding something that makes

Jungkook takes a deep breath, exhaling slowly as he tries to think about what he wants. Forgetting Sungmin and Taehyung and his hyungs; forgetting his parents and their expectations of him.

Just him. His desires.

And it hurts that it feels like such a foreign concept. That there are only a few times in his life where he'd focused on himself: when he decided to go to art school instead of business school, and when he pitched his first comic to his publishing house.

His career really is the only place where he gets to be himself; where he gets to draw the things he loves and writes what he wants. Everything else is so... performative. And it hurts to really see that for the first time.

A lump forms in his throat as tears start to burn behind his eyes. Glancing up at Yoongi, he sniffs a bit and shakes his head. "No, it doesn't," he whispers, his lower lip wobbling.

Yoongi’s entire expression softens even more as he unbuckles his seatbelt so he can pull Jungkook in for a hug, rubbing his back up and down slowly. His heart aches for Jungkook, this sweet kid he’s known for years now, and how he always puts everyone else before himself.

Who doesn’t even realize that he isn’t happy.

“It’s okay,” he says softly, squeezing him a little bit the way Seokjin does when he tries to comfort people. Yoongi sort of wishes his hyung were here now — he’s much better at this part of comforting than Yoongi is. “You know, the other day when you introduced us to Taehyung, I swear I’ve never seen you so happy in all the years I’ve known you. You’ve never looked that happy around Sungmin or us before.”

Tears begin to slip down Jungkook's cheeks as he hugs Yoongi tight, pulling him as close as he can. Just the mention of Taehyung has his heart aching, his throat tightening as he swallows his sobs. "Taehyung... makes me so happy," he whispers, voice teary and tight.

"But hyung, I'm marrying Sungmin. I... I made a promise."

Yoongi’s heart squeezes in his chest as he continues to rub Jungkook’s back, trying his best to soothe him. “I know you did, Kook,” he whispers, holding him a little tighter. “But if it doesn’t bring you happiness, then it’s not fair to either one of you.”

Jungkook buries his nose in Yoongi's shoulder. And he knows he'll feel bad for covering Yoongi's clothes in snot later, but for now, he needs all the comfort he can get. Especially as he thinks about Sungmin.

Beautiful, sweet Sungmin.

Who's been one of his best friends since childhood. Who does make him happy, even if it isn't the way either of them want. Who takes good care of him and will give him a stable future; the one his parents dreamed about.

But... their dreams were never his dreams.

"My parents want to keep the business in our family," he whispers in between sobs, his voice wet with tears. "I don't... I can't disappoint them, hyung."

Yoongi doesn’t really know what to do with a wet, sobbing Jungkook, so he just keeps holding him tightly, rocking them from side to side a little bit. He feels so bad for his friend and the situation that he’s in and wishes he could really, truly help.

But this is Jungkook’s decision to make, not his.

“I’m sure you not wanting to marry someone who truly makes you happy won’t disappoint them,” he says softly, thinking of his own parents who care about his happiness and wellbeing above anything else. “I’m not saying you have to decide or change your mind right this second, okay? I just… I wanted you to think about yourself first for once.”

He pulls back a little bit to cup Jungkook’s wet cheeks, making him look at him.

“Sungmin and Taehyung are both nice guys,” Yoongi says. “But what I care about is

. If you’re happy. If you’re in love and loved. That is what matters to me.”

Jungkook nods, his heart aching as he looks at Yoongi through watery eyes. His lower lip wobbles as he reaches up to cup Yoongi's hands, just to ground himself.

He's so lucky, he thinks, to have hyungs whom he loves so much. To have friends who have been by his side through so much. Who take care of him, even when he can't always take care of himself.

And he knows he'll never take that for granted.

"I love Sungmin," he whispers, sniffling. "But... I'm not in love with him."

Yoongi knows, but hearing Jungkook say it still has an effect.

“Then I think you owe it to yourself to think about your future and what you want it to look like,” he tells him, thumbs brushing some tears away from under Jungkook’s eyes. “It’s your life. You don’t have to please everyone else around you. You have to please yourself.”

Another sob works its way up Jungkook's throat as fat tears stream down his cheeks. And as Yoongi's words sink into his heart, he feels a heavy weight lift off of it until he finally feels like he can breathe.

He can't remember the last time he was truly happy. And he makes so few decisions for himself. But... that isn't a healthy way to live his life. Even if being selfless feels so unnatural and painful, he shouldn't settle for anything that he doesn't love.

And Sungmin deserves better than to have a husband who can't return his love. He deserves someone who will love and appreciate him; who will make him laugh and smile every day. Jungkook isn't that person.

"Thank you so much, hyung," he warbles, sniffling and blinking away the last of his tears. "I... needed to hear that."

Yoongi smiles, pulling Jungkook close to lay a very rare and very quick peck to the top of his head. “Anytime, kid,” he tells him, his cheeks flushing at the display of affection. “You know hyung will always be here for you. And proud of you.”

Since his jacket is already cried and snotted on, he uses the sleeve to help wipe away the last of Jungkook’s tears for him.

“We love you, Kook. I hope you know that.”

Jungkook nods, a smile pulling at the corners of his lips. His forehead feels warm where Yoongi kissed it and it makes him laugh, though his voice is still a little wet. "I do know that," he says quietly, his smile widening and his heart fluttering.

"I love you too, hyung. I don't know what I'd do without you."

On Saturday evening, Taehyung looks around his apartment one last time after buzzing Jungkook into his building. The curtains are open, revealing a beautiful view of Seoul, the couch has pillows (freshly fluffed) and blankets over the back. The big screen TV is already open to netflix, and the coffee table is full of snacks and drinks.

He felt a little foolish going into the small grocery shop near his apartment earlier, having not stepped foot in one in

. Probably not since the last lifetime he and Jungkook spent together.

Taehyung certainly needs to work on his social cues at the grocery store.

When the doorbell rings, he rushes over to open it, taking one last look in the mirror on the way to fix his hair. He sets house slippers down for Jungkook and then pushes the door open.

“Hello Jungkook,” he greets, a smile tugging just slightly at the corner of his mouth at the sight of him. “Come in.”

Jungkook's heart flutters as soon as he sees Taehyung, his smile blossoming into a grin as he steps into the apartment. "Hey Taehyungie," he says, his voice almost breathless as the door closes behind him. 

It's hard to take his eyes off of Taehyung, who looks even more handsome since the last time they were together. But after toeing off his shoes, he finally glances around at Taehyung's apartment.

And a gasp leaves his lips, his eyes widening.

" he whispers, walking further inside as he admires the furniture, the nighttime view of Seoul.

Taehyung slips his hands into his pockets, trailing after Jungkook as he takes in his apartment. Two floors, high rise ceiling, floor to ceiling windows. It is beautiful, but can be lonely, too.

Much comfier than his previous lives homes were.

“Thank you,” he replies as he comes to stand behind Jungkook as he looks out the window. “Would you like a tour?”

With a nod from Jungkook, Taehyung shows him around his home, letting him explore and look as they go. The only room in the entire place that truly looks lived in is the office — mostly because it is the only room truly used. It’s messy, but Taehyung doesn’t feel embarrassed since the rest of his home is spotless.

“I prepared snacks but I didn’t know exactly what you liked,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck nervously.

Jungkook laughs, endeared, as he looks over at Taehyung with a grin. It's sweet, he thinks, how much Taehyung to make him comfortable. It's not an insignificant thing at all.

In fact, it makes him feel so warm in a way no one aside from his hyungs have ever made him feel.

"I'm sure I'll enjoy whatever you prepared," he says with a grin, glancing around the apartment again. It's massive; definitely the biggest apartment he's

seen in Seoul. How a technical writer could afford such an amazing place is beyond him, but who is he to question the means by which Taehyung lives.

Walking over to one of the windows, he smiles as he looks down at Seokchon lake below. "What a view..."

Taehyung looks at Jungkook, his face illuminated from the city lights coming in from the window. He’s beautiful, somehow even more so than he was in every life before. Or maybe Taehyung is just falling more in love with him.

It’s hard to tell.

“You should have seen it a few weeks ago,” Taehyung replies as he turns to look out the window, too. His eyes can spot their tree after years of practice. “When the cherry blossoms were blooming it was beautiful.”

Jungkook laughs quietly, glancing over at Taehyung. His eyes are sparkling, his smile wide and soft at the same time. And when he sees the city lights illuminated on Taehyung's face too, his heart flutters.

As it often does when Taehyung is involved.

Looking back down at Seokchon lake, he scans the trees, wishing he could've seen them from this view when they were in full bloom.

"Look, that's where we met," he says excitedly, pointing out the tree as he leans into Taehyung.

Taehyung breathes in deeply, Jungkook’s scent filling his nose as his eyes follow his finger to their tree. Knowing that Jungkook can find it, too, even if it’s only on the subconscious level, brings him some peace.

“It is,” he agrees softly, looking at Jungkook. “You know, there’s a story about that tree. Have you heard it?”

Jungkook turns to look at Taehyung, his eyes wide and imploring. "Oh, really? I don't think I have," he says, glancing out at the tree again.

He thinks it's a special tree though, even without knowing it has a story attached to it.

Taehyung looks back at the tree, the place that tethers him here in every lifetime. The place where it truly all began. This nightmare, the curse.

“Many years ago, there were two lovers,” he says, flashes of memories of two of them dressed in hanbok making out under the cherry blossoms. “But one was arranged to wed someone he didn’t love, so he asked the other to run away with him.”

His heart squeezes and stomach drops as he remembers the anxiety of waiting, of Jungkook being so late.

“But he never showed up at the tree, where they were supposed to meet. So his lover went looking for him only to find that he’d been killed by his parents for trying to run off with another man instead of wed the woman they arranged for him to marry.”

Jungkook's heart squeezes violently, a lump forming in his throat as he stares out at the cherry tree, blowing gently in the wind. He can almost see it in his head: two young men so desperately in love, ripped apart by forces beyond their control.

"That's so sad," he whispers, turning to look at Taehyung again. "What happened to his lover?"

Taehyung continues to stare at the tree, remembering every single, horrid detail from that night. He thinks it must be part of the curse — to remember it vividly, despite how many hundreds of years have passed.

“He took revenge on the parents and killed them,” he answers, voice quiet. “And he was cursed by his lover’s mother. To live as a monster for eternity.”

He purses his lips and looks at Jungkook, his fingers twitching at his sides, wanting to touch him. To run them through Jungkook’s blonde hair, to hold him. Protect him.

“He buried his lover underneath that tree and turned into a monster, his heart mangled and black after losing the love of his life.”

Jungkook can't look away from Taehyung; can't calm the trembling in his heart. Can't stop the tears burning behind his eyes. Nor the way he aches in a way he's never felt before.

Taehyung's expression says there might be something else to this story. Something sadder... But he can only guess.

"How could someone who loves so strongly be a monster?" he asks quietly, leaning a little bit closer to Taehyung. "To me, even if he was cursed, he cherished his lover so much..."

Jungkook’s words make Taehyung’s heart flutter, his expression softening. Of course Jungkook would never think of him as a monster. In every life they have spent together, Jungkook has always loved him wholly, unconditionally. Sometimes, he even seemed to like that he was a vampire more than if he was a human.

But it doesn’t change the fact that Taehyung

a monster. A creature of the night.

“He did,” he agrees, looking back at the tree with a faraway look in his eyes. “It’s just an old tale that I heard from someone else in passing.”

He looks at Jungkook again and offers a small ghost of a smile. “Shall we watch a movie?”

Jungkook looks out at the tree again. "The parents sound like the real monsters," he grumbles, before looking back at Taehyung with a small, sad smile. 

"Yeah, let's watch a movie." Holding out his hand for Taehyung, he lets his smile widen a bit as he waits to be led back to the living room. 

Taehyung is infinitely endeared by Jungkook, giving his hand a gentle squeeze as he leads him back to the living room. They both plop down on the couch, getting comfortable beside each other as Taehyung picks up the remote.

“So what shall we watch?” he asks, scrolling through the movies. He’s seen most, if not all, of them.

He does have a lot of time to kill, afterall.

“Horror? Twilight?” Taehyung teases as he looks at Jungkook.

Jungkook laughs, getting comfortable next to Taehyung with a grin. "Well, I came here to watch Twilight, but I definitely love horror," he says happily, nudging Taehyung's leg with his knee. 

Truthfully he wouldn't mind never seeing Twilight but whatever. 

Taehyung doesn’t like the Twilight movies all that much, but there

several of them. Which means more time spent with Jungkook. Plus, there’s a chance he’ll enjoy them.

“Twilight it is,” he says with a real smile, scrolling until he reaches the first movie. “If I had to suffer through them, then I think it's only fair that you do, too.”

He presses play and tosses the remote to the spot on the couch next to him, getting comfortable against the pillows set up on his couch. As the opening credits start, he can’t help but look at Jungkook, eyes tracing his profile. From his forehead down the slope of his nose, his chin.

Jungkook is so beautiful, and Taehyung longs for him, even if they’re seated next to each other on the couch.

Jungkook gets even more comfortable on the couch already as the opening credits play. And just based on the color palette alone, he knows he's going to hate this. Also, if he remembers anything about Twilight from the internet buzz years ago, it's the sparkling vampires. 

Which is the stupidest fucking thing he's ever heard. 

"I'm going to hate this, aren't I?" he asks with a laugh as he turns to look at Taehyung. And when their eyes lock, his breath catches in his throat, heart fluttering and ears burning. 

Suddenly, he remembers the conversation with Yoongi that he's been playing over and over again in his head. And suddenly, he starts to feel a little dizzy.

Taehyung chuckles, reaching up to run a hand through his hair, fluffing it up. He’s pretty sure Jungkook is definitely going to hate this, but he could surprise him.

“Maybe,” he settles on, an amused sparkle to his eyes. “But maybe you’ll love it. I wouldn’t have pegged my friend Jimin as an intense Twilight lover, yet he is.”

Jungkook shakes himself out of his thoughts, laughing as he playfully punches Taehyung's arm. "I seriously doubt it, but I'll try to keep an open mind," he hums, settling against Taehyung's side as he looks back over at the TV.

Maybe he's too sober for this movie...

Taehyung sucks his bottom lip between his teeth as Jungkook settles against his side. They’re practically cuddling. If his heart was alive, it would be pounding. Instead, it just gives a happy flutter as he gazes down at him adoringly.

He can see the shadows his long eyelashes cast against his skin.

Despite how much he wants to, Taehyung doesn’t wrap an arm around Jungkook. He doesn’t shy away, either, allowing him to lean against him and be comfortable as the movie plays on. He doesn’t pay much attention (he’s seen it several times, anyway, thanks to Jimin), more interested in memorizing every detail of Jungkook that he can.

Like this, it feels so domestic, so

to have Jungkook’s body warm beside his.

It feels right to Jungkook too, who melts against Taehyung's side as if this is something they do every day. It's so comfortable with Taehyung like this; so easy and simple in a way he's never fully known.

And he'd be lying if it didn't make him want more.

He wishes he could pull Taehyung into his arms and relax even more; wishes he could fall asleep against Taehyung's side. But it's a line he knows both of them can't cross. And... he still has his own decisions to make.

So he lets himself enjoy what he can get now. Because it has to be enough.

As the movie plays on, Taehyung finds himself endlessly endeared by Jungkook’s reactions. His eyebrows raising, the corners of his mouth lifting in amusement. He memorizes every single thing.

And he falls for him even more.

His entire body aches with the want to hold Jungkook in his arms, as if that is what they were created to do. He wants to press kisses over every inch of his face, to protect him from everything in the world.

Unbeknownst to Taehyung, Jungkook is feeling the exact same way. He's drawn to Taehyung like a magnet and it doesn't surprise him in the slightest.

Because Taehyung is his soulmate.

They're made for each other. Meant to be together. Two halves to a whole he wants to experience so badly. But... he can't.

So instead, he focuses on the movie, laughing at the most inappropriate moments, occasionally making dumb little comments to try and get a laugh out of Taehyung. And even though he's enjoying himself (and not because the movie's good), when they get to the scene where Edward steps into the sunlight to show off his sparkling skin, Jungkook groans and pushes up from the couch.

"I'm too hungry to endure this," he teases as he heads toward the kitchen. "You want anything while I'm up?"

Taehyung chuckles again, quiet and deep. It’s been so long since he’s laughed like this, felt this at ease and happy. Too long.

“No, thank you,” he replies, too endeared by Jungkook to realize that the snacks are not in the kitchen.

And he realizes a minute too late, his eyes widening as he jumps up from the couch and flies at an inhuman speed to the kitchen, shutting the fridge with one hand.

The fridge that Jungkook already opened.

Jungkook's eyes widen as he stares at Taehyung's hand, a little stunned as his mind processes what he'd just seen. Because not only is Taehyung significantly

in snacks, but he also has a fridge full of blood bags.

Slowly, he looks up at Taehyung as the gears in his head turn at lightning speed. It makes sense, he thinks. He rarely sees Taehyung outside without an umbrella; his skin is always cold to the touch; he never seems to eat much when they're out.

And while his brain starts to overheat a bit accepting a truth he'd never thought possible, it also feels kind of easy at the same time.

"So... you're a vampire?" he asks, eyebrows lifting as a small smile tugs at the corners of his lips.

(Fuck, that's really hot.)

Taehyung tenses even more, one hand still pressed against the fridge, his stance slightly crouched. But the smile tugging at Jungkook’s lips has him slowly standing straight, trying to relax.

“Well,” he says, then purses his lips. “This is not how I wanted to inform you of that minor detail.”

With a sigh, he pulls his fridge open to show off the blood bags.

“I am a vampire,” Taehyung sighs, shutting the fridge again. “Surprise.”

Jungkook is silent for a moment as he looks between the fridge and Taehyung, as if still processing this information. About a minute ago, he was pretty sure vampires didn't exist (at least, not outside of fiction and his sexual fantasies). But it's surprisingly easy to accept that they do when it's Taehyung.

So maybe he bursts out laughing. Because Taehyung's so cute and he's so endeared. "Oh yeah? How were you planning on telling me?" he asks, leaning against the fridge with a grin. "Wait, is that why we're watching Twilight?"

Taehyung runs a hand over his face before leveling Jungkook with a Look. “We’re watching Twilight because you’ve never seen it,” he says, hands sliding into his pockets. “And I think telling you over a nice walk or dinner would have been a bit more… mature.”

He wrinkles his nose.

“And you’re not afraid of me?” he asks, squinting at him.

Jungkook's eyebrows furrow, the corners of his lips pulling down into a confused frown. Afraid? Fear is the furthest thing from his mind as he eyes Taehyung almost curiously.

(If anything, he's kind of excited, not that he's going to say that yet.)

"Why would I be afraid of you?" he asks genuinely, his hands sliding into his pockets as well as he relaxes against the fridge. "You're Taehyung. There's no one I trust more than you..."

Taehyung’s shoulders relax as he wets his lips looking almost nervous. Even if in the past, Jungkook has accepted him (sometimes even

liked that he’s a vampire), it’s always a little nerve wracking.

“Well, technically, I am a monster,” he answers with a shrug of his shoulders. “A creature of the night, if you will. Many people would be afraid of that.”

Jungkook shakes his head slowly, offering Taehyung a small smile. "You're not a monster, Taehyungie. Not even technically," he says, hands sliding out of his pockets to grab Taehyung's hand. Sure, there's a part of him that's almost convinced he's dreaming, but... But it's Taehyung.

How could he not accept it?"

"Just because you have to sustain yourself in a different way than the average person doesn't make you a monster. You're just unique." Laughing quietly, his ears burn a little bit as he squeezes Taehyung's hand.

Taehyung’s expression softens as he turns his hand over so he can hold Jungkook’s back. Jungkook is so… perfect.

Taehyung loves him so much.

“Cute,” he murmurs, squeezing Jungkook’s hand gently. “Okay, I’m unique, then. I’m glad you aren’t afraid of me.”

Jungkook's smile widens into a grin as he gives Taehyung's hand another squeeze. "I don't think I'd ever be afraid of you, Taehyungie," he says quietly, his heart still fluttering at the word

which is still bouncing around his head and making his toes wiggle.

But slowly, as he watches Taehyung, he starts to remember the story from earlier; about the two lovers, one of whom turned into a monster. And a small part of him begins to wonder if there's some truth to it.

"So, tell me more about being a vampire! I wanna know everything. Are you immortal? How often do you need to feed? Do you feed from other people? Is the garlic thing just a stupid Hollywood hoax?"

Taehyung can’t help the endeared laugh that bubbles up his throat, his lips stretching into a warm smile. Jungkook’s curiosity is adorable, makes his heart flutter in his chest.

“I am immortal, though it is much lonelier than it is interesting,” he hums, fingers loosely intertwining with Jungkook’s. “I typically have one bag of blood every other day, sometimes more if I’m particularly craving. I haven’t fed from a human in several years now — Jimin brings me blood and I pay him.”

He scratches his jaw for a moment, wondering if this all sounds as boring to Jungkook as it does to him.

“I don’t enjoy any human food or drinks. They actually make me sick, similar to a human with a cold or flu, depending on how much I consume.” He shrugs a little. “So, garlic is unpleasant. But it doesn’t repel us the way movies make it out to be.”

Hell, he could easily stay up all night asking Taehyung about his life, about the things he's seen and the people he's met. Wondering how vampires are made and how much truth there is to the legends.

It's a little overwhelming.

But he knows he has a while to get to learn this kind of stuff.

"That sucks. Human food is pretty good, especially when I'm cooking it," he teases, his grin widening. (Damn, there goes any thoughts of cooking for Taehyung. "Do you prefer the blood bags or, like, feeding from people?"

Taehyung smiles at Jungkook’s words. He wishes he could enjoy a home cooked meal from Jungkook. It has been centuries since he has, and the food now is far different than it was the last time he was a human.

“Hmm, well, feeding from people tastes better,” he answers honestly, rubbing the back of his neck. “But it’s a lot more work to entice someone that

to be fed from, to make them think it was a dream later.”

Jungkook hums, nodding thoughtfully. He supposes that makes sense. It's like the difference between a fresh meal and cold leftovers from a few days ago. Or something like that.

Slowly, a thought creeps into the back of his mind, wiggling its way to the front until he feels his heart begin to race and his ears burn brighter.

"Well, you know, if you want to feed from someone," he starts, his flush bleeding onto his cheeks, "there's always... me."

The suggestion has Taehyung’s eyes flashing from hazel to red in an instant, the urge to feed making his stomach twist into knots. He swallows, regaining his composure, his eyes returning to hazel.

The mere thought of feeding from Jungkook again has him nearly on his knees. Feeding from humans tastes better fresh, but nothing could ever beat the taste of Jungkook.

“You don’t have to offer yourself like that, Jungkook,” Taehyung says, voice husky, deep with want. “You’re not a meal to me.”

Jungkook's heart leaps up into his throat, his gut kicking at the flash of red in Taehyung's eyes. A spike of heat burns through him that he tries so desperately to ignore, but... it's hard. Especially when Taehyung's voice is so deep.

When he can hear how much Taehyung wants.

(When he wants just as much.)

"I know that," he says, his voice low as well. "I... wouldn't mind it." No, he's pretty sure he'd like it. "And I trust you."

Taehyung can barely control himself, stepping closer into Jungkook’s space until he’s crowding him back against the counter in his kitchen. His eyes flash red again, every part of him wanting to feed now that he’s been given permission.

“You can trust me,” he says, tone soft for the way he looks. “I would never hurt you.”

He pulls back to look at Jungkook, eyes red with want. His fangs extend from his gums, the tips pressing against his plush bottom lip as he looks over Jungkook.

“But I won’t feed from you just because you wouldn’t mind,” he whispers. “You don’t owe me any favors.”

A wave of heat rolls through Jungkook as his eyes drift to Taehyung's lips, seeing the tiniest hint of fang. And he would be lying if he said that didn't do something to him.

That it didn't excite him in ways he knows it shouldn't.

But it's hard to think straight around Taehyung. And so easy to give into what he really wants, rather than what he tells himself he has to want...

"I know that, Taehyungie," he whispers, leaning back against the kitchen counters with a shaky sigh. "I want it. I want you to feed from me."

He wants to know what it feels like; wants to satiate his curiosity first hand. But... it's more than that, and he's pretty sure they both know it. (That they both know he's dangerously close to crossing another line.)

Jungkook’s voice sounding shaky has Taehyung’s stomach swooping, his knees weak. The magnetic pull is drawing them both closer, and it’s exciting and anxiety inducing at the same time.

Jungkook is not safe with Taehyung. He’s not safe from the curse.

But fuck… Taehyung wants him so bad. Has craved him, missed him, for so long now.

“If you want me to stop at any time, let me know,” Taehyung whispers as he leans closer, his nose brushing against Jungkook’s neck.

He inhales deeply, his eyes fluttering shut as he runs his nose up Jungkook’s neck slowly, finding the perfect spot. His lips brush against his skin as he opens his mouth, fangs grazing lightly over his skin.

Jungkook's knees feel weak as he tilts his head to bare his neck to Taehyung completely. Every brush of lips and teeth makes him shiver, goosebumps erupting on his skin as his eyes flutter closed. His stomach feels wound tight, a heat burning through him that he hasn't felt in a long time.

It's so addicting and they've barely touched.

"I will," he whispers, slowly wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck to pull him closer; to ground himself in this moment.

Feeding from someone is not necessarily a sexual act, but with Jungkook this moment feels so charged. Taehyung almost wants to bask in the hazy heat of it, of Jungkook’s arms around his neck, of his own hands resting on the counter on each side of Jungkook, caging him there.

He sinks his fangs into Jungkook’s neck, practically moaning at the taste of fresh blood from his soulmate hitting his tongue. It’s euphoric, tasting him after so long. He presses closer, their chests touching as he slowly sucks, savoring every drink from him.

And when Taehyung feels Jungkook tremble, he slides his hands down to wrap around his waist, to steady him.

A low, breathy gasp escapes Jungkook's lips as he feels Taehyung's teeth sink into his neck; as he feels his blood being sucked from his body. It seems like something he should be afraid of; something unnatural that should make him nervous. But it doesn't.

Instead, it feels good -- so fucking good -- and safe. Warm and comforting. Heated and tense.

But then... something happens.

One moment, Taehyung's arms are wrapped around him, lips attached to his neck. And the next, the world is falling away around him; no sparkling Seoul skyline, no gorgeous kitchen, or beautiful apartment.

Instead, he's laying underneath the shade of a cherry blossom tree, Taehyung on top of him, his cheeks flushed from the sun and with excitement, his smile wide and boxy, long hair tied up and bangs brushing his cheeks. His skin is golden like honey, his eyes wide and full of mirth, and he's laughing.

No -- they're laughing in between kisses as cherry blossom petals rain down on them from above. And everything feels so warm, so beautiful, so perfect. Like the perfect snapshot from a time Jungkook's never known.

At least, not in this lifetime.

That scene fades into another one: the two of them wrapped up in bed sheets, basking in the afterglow of sex. Taehyung's hair is shorter, falling in permed waves around his cheeks, and soft jazz plays from a record player in the corner. They're swapping gentle kisses, too lazy and too in love to untangle themselves from each other.

And that feels perfect too.

He sees so many different snapshots so quickly, as if he's falling through time and experiencing an endless amount of lives he's never known. But, in all of them, Taehyung is there next to him: unchangingly beautiful and undeniably warm. The perfect, permanent fixture; the steady ship in a tumultuous storm.

Taehyung feels Jungkook’s body sag against him a little more, feels it shake in his hold. So he pulls his fangs out, tongue sweeping out to soothe over the bite wounds in his neck, to heal over them. His entire body is thrumming and he can feel the greed building inside him.

More of Jungkook, more of his touches and kisses and laughs.

Pulling back, he’s surprised to find tears slipping down Jungkook’s cheeks and worry starts to replace all other emotions.

“Jungkook?” Taehyung whispers, bringing one hand up to gently brush the tears away and cup his cheek. “Did I hurt you? Fuck, let me get you to the couch.”

Without another word, Taehyung picks Jungkook up and moves at a pace far too quick for humans, gently laying Jungkook down on the couch, resting his head on a pillow.

As soon as Jungkook's head hits the pillow, he feels himself fall back into his own body, his chest lifting off the couch as he gasps for air. Eyes wide and desperate, he looks around the apartment, his mind running a mile a minute as he tries to regain his bearings.

And remember where he is.

As soon as his eyes fall on Taehyung, he reaches out to grab his hand, holding it tight between his own. Tears continue streaming down his cheeks as he tries so desperately to process everything he'd just seen. And if it were any other day -- with anyone else -- he would've thought it a dream.

But it felt too real; the emotions too warm, the love too pure.

"Taehyungie," he whispers, his throat tight and his voice wet. Sniffling, he laces his fingers together with Taehyung's, trying to ground himself in this moment. "The cherry blossom tree... It was ours, wasn't it?"

Taehyung’s lips part in surprise, squeezing Jungkook’s hand and rubbing comforting circles on the back of it. His other comes up to cradle his cheek, thumb sweeping under his eye to dry his tears.

His eyes return to hazel, his fangs retracting again.

“Yes,” he answers in a whisper, eyes soft as he looks down at him. “It was.”

Gritting his teeth, Jungkook's lips begin to tremble as choked sobs rise in his throat. His mind is a mess of thoughts; of snapshots from lives he's never lived. Of all the times he's fallen in love with Taehyung again.

But his heart is shattering as he remembers Taehyung's story.

How Taehyung lost him right before they could truly begin their lives together. How Taehyung

him underneath the tree just outside his window. And that makes him weep.

For the life he barely got to experience. For the pure, beautiful love between them that faded to dust before it was in full bloom.

And for Taehyung, who has lived alone for so long. Who has likely met and fallen for him in almost every lifetime.

He can barely think, let alone speak, his mind a mess as he processes and mourns. But one fact becomes clear in the eye of the storm raging in his heart: he's in love with Taehyung. And he's been in love with Taehyung for a long time.

Hundreds of years, in fact.

And seeing that love played out for him -- even in snapshots -- only makes it stronger.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him closer as he weeps. "Oh Taehyungie," he warbles, choking out the words in between sobs. "You're not a monster. You're an angel..."

Taehyung can’t hide the surprise that crosses his face as Jungkook pulls him closer, as he calls him an angel. He hasn’t been called that in his entire life — not in all the hundreds of years he has been forced to walk this earth. He has only ever been known as a monster.

“A-an angel?” he whispers, confused. He thinks if he were a human, his cheeks would flush.

He doesn’t really understand what’s going on. Pulling back just slightly, he looks at Jungkook, takes in his wet eyes and red cheeks and sniffling nose.

“What are you talking about?” Taehyung asks gently, brushing Jungkook’s hair back for him, his expression so soft and so concerned. “How do you know about the tree?”

Having Taehyung so close -- feeling Taehyung's fingers in his hair -- is so comforting. So soothing. And even though the tears seem to stream endlessly down Jungkook's cheeks, slowly his violent sobbing begins to subside.

And it's enough, for now. Though his heart

for so many things he can't yet name.

"I saw it," he whispers, sniffling as he leans into Taehyung's touch. "I saw us. In so many lifetimes." Taking a few deep breaths to try and calm himself, he blinks away more tears before looking back up at Taehyung. "And I saw... how happy we were."

Taehyung can feel the remnants of his shattered heart burn, the same way it does anytime he thinks of his first life with Jungkook, before the curse. To know that Jungkook can

parts of that life soothes him slightly.

“We were happy,” he murmurs, his brows furrowing. “In every life of yours, we were happy.”

He leans in to press a soft kiss to Jungkook’s forehead, his chest aching so much he can hardly stand it. He thinks if it were possible to die for him from the anguish he feels right now, he would.

Jungkook sobs again, just at the touch of Taehyung's lips against his forehead. Not only because any affection from Taehyung makes his heart explode into a swarm of butterflies, but because that touch now feels so familiar.

(Which only solidifies how painful it's been without it.)

"When I'm with you, the world feels so golden," he whispers, blinking away more tears as he reaches up to touch Taehyung's cheek. "Everything I saw was so vibrant..."

Taehyung can’t help but lean into Jungkook’s touch, craving it after so long. Craving physical affection, in general. But from Jungkook, it always feels the best, the most special and warm. Like home. Like several lifetimes worth of love and kindness.

“You and I have had a dozen happy lives together, Jungkook,” he whispers, his bottom lip trembling slightly. He swallows against the lump forming in his throat. “But each one has ended in tragedy.”

He takes in a deep, calming breath, his eyes fluttering shut for a few moments.

“The happiness is unmatched, but the pain is, too.”

Jungkook sits up a little bit on the couch, his heart

at Taehyung's words. And he knows, just based on Taehyung's story, that their first life ended tragically.

Ended with him buried underneath a cherry blossom tree with their names carved into the wood: TH&JK FOREVER.

"What do you mean?" he asks quietly, brushing Taehyung's hair behind his ear, needing to be touching Taehyung to ground himself.

Taehyung feels weak just getting this affection from Jungkook. Feeling his fingers in his hair, on his cheek. He leans into each touch, savoring it like it will be the last.

“I’m cursed, Jungkook,” he whispers, his eyes opening to look up at him. “Every lifetime I meet you in, if we get too close and fall in love, you die. Always taken from me far too early.”

He feels his eyes turn glassy with tears as he looks at him, pain flooding through his entire body at the memories of all the times he has lost him.

“Always leaving me alone, unable to join you.”

at Taehyung's words; at Taehyung's visible pain. And while there might be a part of it that aches for his own past lives, it hurts the most for Taehyung.

Poor, beautiful Taehyung. Who has had to bury him so many times.

More than anyone ever should.

Who has endured so many lifetimes of pain and loneliness. Who only deserves to love and be loved.

Who deserves to have every day be golden.

"Oh Taehyungie," he whispers, his voice tight as fresh tears roll down his cheeks. His hands cup Taehyung's cheeks, thumbs brushing underneath his eyes to catch any fallen tears. Should it frighten him that the thought of dying doesn't scare him? Even though he loves the life he has now -- he loves his career and he loves his friends -- there's a comfort in knowing that he'll come back again.

That there's another life waiting for him after he breathes his last breath and closes his eyes one final time.

Should it frighten him that the idea of a life without Taehyung scares him more? That after seeing how whole his heart and soul can feel, he doesn't want to feel anything but?

"I'm so sorry for leaving you alone so many times..."

Taehyung shakes his head slightly before ducking it down, a few tears slipping down his cheeks. He takes in a shuddering breath, reaching up to hold Jungkook’s hands over his cheeks, not ready to part from his touch yet.

“It’s my fault,” he whispers, the pain in his chest unbearable. “I should have protected you in our first life. And I couldn’t, so I am cursed to lose you again and again.”

He moves closer, his knees finally resting on the floor in front of the couch, his face pressing into Jungkook’s chest. He can hear his heart beating, alive and well and strong, and it soothes him just a little bit. Slowly, he wraps his arms around Jungkook’s waist, hugging him tightly.

“I can’t lose you again, Jungkook… I can’t — I can’t get another tear in my soul. I can’t bear it.”

Jungkook's heart breaks as he wraps his arms around Taehyung, pulling him closer. Tears continue to slip down his cheeks as he runs his hands up and down Taehyung's back, trying to soothe him as gently as possible. 

"I know," he whispers, his eyes fluttering closed as the storm in his heart rages even harder. Slowly, the memories he'd just seen begin to play in sequence again; memories of warmth and love, of a happiness he's only just beginning to know in this lifetime. 

And it hurts to see them now. His heart longs for Taehyung, his entire soul begging to become complete again. But as he pictures lazy mornings in bed and sweet spring kisses and golden days, he thinks of Taehyung, who's known such incredible pain.

Such devastating loss and heartbreak. 

And so, he lets his own heart break instead. Because the thought of Taehyung hurting so much because of him... He can't bear that either. 

"I know, Taehyungie," he whispers, sniffling as tear after tear continue to roll down cheeks. "You're not going to lose me. I promise..."

Taehyung holds onto him even tighter, as if that will keep him safe. As if he is holding the pieces of his own shattered heart together.

Burying his face into Jungkook’s chest, he holds him as if his own life depends on it. On the TV behind him, Twilight continues to play on, long forgotten as time seems to stop around them for this moment.

Taehyung doesn’t tell Jungkook that he can’t keep promises like that. They both know.

Instead, he lets his tears fall, mourning the lives that they have had, and the one that they can never have.

Jungkook holds Taehyung just as tightly, pulling him as close as he can. He doesn't want to be parted from Taehyung at all; doesn't want any space between them, especially now that they've found each other.

Now that he knows what he knows.

in his chest as he feels Taehyung's tears soak his shirt; as his own tears slip down his cheeks and onto Taehyung's hair. It hurts so much.

To know what Taehyung has gone through.

To know how closely their lives are linked.

To know what he'll never have.

But even through the pain -- through the misery and mourning -- he feels a resolve forming in his heart, fueled by the realization of his own feelings.

He's not happy the way he's been living his life; not happy settling for what's comfortable rather than going after what he wants. He's let so many other people dictate the trajectory of his future, and until meeting Taehyung, he's gone with the flow without any complaints.

But... this isn't the future he wants.

He can't marry a man he isn't in love with just to make his parents happy. Just to make Sungmin happy.

He's in love with Taehyung, and even if Taehyung can't reciprocate those feelings -- even though he wants more than anything to protect Taehyung's heart from further pain -- he can't keep living a lie any longer.

And it's finally time he starts going after what he wants.

Jungkook feels sick to his stomach.

Sitting at Sungmin's dining table, a beautiful meal laid out in front of him, would usually be a calm, quiet affair. Just the two of them, chatting about their days, discussing the impending wedding, talking about their families. Nothing spectacular, just the usual.

Boring but comfortable.

And to Sungmin, maybe it does feel like just another day in their years-long relationship. Maybe it feels like another calm, quiet evening with his fiance.

But to Jungkook, it feels like the beginning to the end.

Jungkook hates feeling like this. He's miserable, his heart a raging storm of anxiety and mourning. Because there's a part of him that does love Sungmin very much, but... he hasn't been in love with Sungmin for a long time.

And he feels terrible having strung Sungmin along for so long.

His relationship with Sungmin has always been different. Their parents were close friends/business partners and the two of them were practically raised together. Sungmin was his first friend -- his

-- and when the two of them started dating after high school, it made sense. They knew everything about each other -- good and bad -- and had been close since they were in diapers.

Jungkook was happy for a while; thought that he had found true love. But as the years went on, he found himself settling into a routine that was comfortable, but...

Not the one he wanted.

The night Sungmin proposed, Jungkook looked down at the ring -- at Sungmin's hopeful smile -- and said yes despite the stone settling in his stomach. Proposals are supposed to be happy affairs; the rush of excitement at knowing that you and your partner are going to be spending forever together. That you'll be able to declare your love for each other to the world.

But all Jungkook could think about is how happy his father would be, knowing that his future son-in-law would be inheriting his business someday.

He doesn't want to disappoint his parents. And he doesn't want to hurt Sungmin -- his best friend, his partner for so long -- but...

Sungmin deserves better. He deserves someone who appreciates all his little quirks and eccentricities. Someone who thinks about him when they wake up and right before they go to sleep. Someone who feels

to have such a wonderful man want to spend forever with them.

And that's not him. He wishes it could be him, but it isn't.

Sighing quietly, Jungkook spoons some rice into his mouth, but it feels like glue as he chews and swallows it. And when he glances up at Sungmin and sees him smiling, another wave of nausea rolls through him.

He knows what he has to do. He just doesn't want to do it.

“So, you’re still free tomorrow afternoon for our tux fittings, right?” Sungmin asks as he shoves a big bite of food into his mouth. Beside him on the table is the wedding binder — everything they need to know and decide on for their wedding.

He flips through a few pages, sticky notes all over it with little notes and reminders.

“And this weekend, we can pick up the rings,” he adds before looking up and smiling at Jungkook. “I can’t wait to see what you picked for the engraving. Knowing you, I’m sure it’s romantic.”

Jungkook's stomach turns, the rice he just ate threatening to roll back up his throat as he looks at the wedding binder and the sticky notes. 

As he takes in Sungmin's beautiful smile. 

As he remembers the wedding rings with their pathetic generic engravings. 

His eyes burn as tears begin to form behind him. 

And it would be so easy to smile and tell Sungmin that he's free to get his tux fitted and excited to get the rings. That he can't wait another day before they're married. 

That this is the life he wants. 

But it would be a lie. 

Sungmin deserves better.

So instead of answering, he chokes out a sob as his heart shatters over and over again.

This is all his fault. If he had been honest years ago, he wouldn't be here right now, about to break his best friend's heart. He's been so selfish in so many ways and it hurts. It hurts so badly and he wishes he could take it all back. That he could just keep pretending. 

Sungmin’s eyes go wide at the sound of a sob leaving Jungkook’s mouth. Immediately, he sets his chopsticks down and reaches across the table to take his hand, rubbing gentle circles on the back of it.

“Babe? What’s wrong?” he asks, tone soft and worried.

Jungkook looks down at his hand -- at Sungmin's covering it, soothing it -- and cries harder. Slowly, he turns his hand to take Sungmin's in his own, their fingers lacing together as tears roll down his cheeks in rivers. 

And when he looks back up at Sungmin and sees his genuine concern, his heart shatters again and again and again. Because he's about to lose his oldest friend. 

And he's devastated. 

Panic begins to climb up his throat as he sobs louder. And he reaches to grip Sungmin's hand with his other one in some vain attempt to cherish what he has before it's gone. 

"Sungminie," he whimpers, gripping his hand tighter between his own. "I... I..."

Sungmin, growing more and more worried about Jungkook, gets up and moves around the table to sit in a chair next to him, keeping a tight hold on his hand. His other hand moves to his back, rubbing it up and down, trying to help calm him down.

“Jungkook tell me,” he says softly, eyebrows knitting together with worry. “You can tell me anything. What’s got you so upset?”

Jungkook tries to take deep breaths -- tries to collect his thoughts -- but it's so hard with how much he's hurting. How guilty and ugly he feels for what he's about to do. Gripping Sungmin's hands as tight as he can, he keeps breathing, though every inhale feels labored and painful.

"Sungminie, I... I love you so much," he chokes out, looking up from their hands to Sungmin's face. "You're... my oldest friend and s-so important to me. You've -- supported me through e-everything and I'm so... so lucky to have you in my life."

Shaking his head, he resists every urge to drop his head; every urge to look away from the man looking at him so gently. So lovingly. Instead, he lifts their hands and clasps them to his heart as tears slip down his cheeks and sobs escape his throat.

"But I... I can't marry you. I'm so... so sorry."

Sungmin furrows his eyebrows even more, confusion sweeping over his features as he tries to work out what Jungkook is saying. “If this is about the wedding venue or something,” he tries, unsure of what’s causing this to be said, “then we can change it. Babe, we can change all of it if you want.”

He frowns, squeezing his hands. “I don’t understand why… you’re talking as if

over… Have I done something to upset you?”

Jungkook shakes his head weakly, gripping Sungmin's hands even tighter. "No, it's -- it's not the wedding. And you've never... ever upset or hurt me," he says quietly, tears slipping down his cheeks and landing on their hands.

"Y-you're such an -- amazing man. But you d-deserve someone so much better than me. You... you deserve someone who -- treats you like a p-prince. Who loves you -- more than anything in the world..."

“Jungkook,” Sungmin says softly, confusion and hurt swirling in his eyes. “I have that. I have

, and I love you.”

When Jungkook sobs again, Sungmin pulls his hands free to instead wrap them around Jungkook in a tight hug. He runs his hands up and down his back, resting his cheek against the top of his head.

“What’s got you talking like this, hm? You treat me so well, babe.”

Jungkook wraps his arms around Sungmin, burying his face in his chest as sobs wrack his entire body. Sungmin's words hurt him even more, and he wishes with his entire heart that he could smile and say he loves Sungmin so much.

That he's in love with him.

Shaking his head, he grits his teeth as he tries to swallow his tears. And it's hard. And it hurts.

"Sungminie, you deserve so much better than me," he whimpers, his voice wet with tears. "I... I'm not... I'm not the one for you." As his heart aches, he starts to sob again. And it hurts. It hurts so much more than he would've ever thought possible.

"You-- you're so good to me. But... But I'm not happy."

Sungmin tenses at Jungkook’s words, his hand stops rubbing his back. Slowly, he holds Jungkook’s arms to push him back up so that they can look at each other, finally and truly realizing how serious this conversation is.

“You’re…” he pauses, wets his lips nervously. “You’re not happy?”

Jungkook looks devastated, Sungmin can see that, but it’s a lot to process. To find out he was the only one happy about this. About their wedding, their marriage.

“I don’t… I don’t understand. Where is this coming from?” Sungmin asks slowly. “Did I do something? Is there — is there someone else?”

Jungkook shakes his head violently, sobs ripping at his throat. And while technically Jungkook has met his soulmate, this isn't about Taehyung. It was never about Taehyung.

It isn't about Sungmin. Or his family.

It isn't about his hyungs.

It's about him. And his own happiness.

It's about living the life that he wants to live; about putting himself first for once, after decades of prioritizing everyone else's happiness. And it's about letting go of the lies he's been hiding behind.

"You didn't do anything. You've been so -- so good to me," he whispers, slowly reaching up to cup Sungmin's cheeks in his hands. "And I thought... I thought I was happy for so long. But I was just trying to make -- make you happy. And that's not fair to you. You deserve -- the world."

Sungmin’s eyes start to glass over with tears, a few slow, deep breaths leaving his body as he processes Jungkook’s words. The look of heartbreak is clear across his features, but there is only sadness. No anger, no betrayal.

“Oh Jungkook,” he whispers, his voice uneven and croaky as a few tears slip down his own cheeks.

Despite the pain of this, despite how much it hurts, Sungmin pulls Jungkook in for another hug, the two of them crying and sobbing, holding each other through it. There isn’t a lot to say.

But it is a lot to process, for both of them.

Jungkook holds Sungmin just as tightly, gripping him as if he'll slip through his fingers at any moment. And as he sinks into Sungmin's hold, he feels himself finally start to let go of everything he's been holding onto for the past thirty some-odd years.

It's a lot, the emotions he's feeling right now. Sadness, despair, loss all sit heavily on top of the relief that he feels from finally being honest. From finally admitting his own feelings to himself. Not only has he hidden them from Sungmin, he's avoided facing them too.

Too scared to let go of the comfort of the life he'd built.

Too afraid of disappointing the people most important to him.

And it isn't easy, opening up like this. Ending this. He and Sungmin have had a lifetime together. A lifetime of playing make believe in Sungmin's backyard; of sneaking out after their parents fell asleep; of staying up late talking about their hopes and dreams; of holding hands and supporting each other through the good moments and the bad.

Jungkook knows how lucky he is to have loved and been loved by Sungmin. His oldest friend.

"I'm so sorry," he whispers in between sobs, holding Sungmin tighter.

The pain doesn’t ease with Jungkook’s apology, but Sungmin nods, anyway, holding him back just as tightly. Because while all Sungmin wants is for Jungkook to be happy, it is painful to know that he isn’t that happiness. That he wasn’t bringing him happiness.

“I’m sorry, too,” he whispers, not really sure what for exactly but feeling like the words need to be said.

In the dining room of his home, they hold each other for a long time, crying until their shirts are wet with tears. They don’t speak much, know that they aren’t fully ready to have a conversation without emotions running so high just yet.

But when Sungmin’s tears start to run dry and his body feels exhausted, he slowly pulls away, running a hand down his face slowly.

“I don’t… I don’t want this to be the end of us,” he says, voice raw from the sobbing and tears. Nose sniffling, stuffy. “Even if it’s not romantic. But I — I need some time.”

Jungkook nods, his own face red and blotchy, his eyes puffy and his nose stuffed. He's exhausted too, his body feeling heavy and his heart still shattered into a million tiny pieces.

And as much as he's hurting, he's so thankful -- so grateful -- for Sungmin.

"I don't want to lose you either," he says honestly, his voice just as hoarse. "You're my best friend, Sungminie. And, no matter what, I'll always love you." Reaching up, he rubs at his eyes and nose before his hands settle in his lap. "And I'm -- please take all the time you need. I'll be here when you're ready."

Jungkook knows he'll need some time too. To process. To heal.

Sungmin nods slowly, silence stretching between them for a few minutes. “I can’t believe this is over,” he says quietly before taking a deep, steadying breath.

He looks back up at Jungkook and gives a small, pained smile.

“You want me to drive you home? You shouldn’t take the train after all of this heaviness.”

Jungkook can't believe it's over too. Because, even though he was never truly happy -- even though his heart was never in it the way Sungmin's was -- Sungmin was still his future.

And now, just like that, their love story is ending.

Looking back up at Sungmin, he nods. Because he doesn't think he could handle breaking down on the train. "Yeah, if you don't mind," he says quietly, offering Sungmin a pained smile in return.

He gets up from the table to get his keys and a jacket and a few minutes later, they’re on their way.

The drive is silent, both of them feeling their sadness quietly. But it’s not uncomfortable, surprisingly. It’s almost comforting that they’re both feeling this hurt, together but separately.

When Sungmin pulls up in front of Jungkook’s apartment building, he parks and looks at him. “Let’s take some time and… and then we can tell our parents and talk,” he says quietly. “I’ll message you.”

Jungkook nods as he turns to look at Sungmin again, tongue darting out to wet his chapped lips. Sniffling a little bit, he takes a deep, shaky breath and exhales slowly. "I agree," he says just as quietly, his throat raw, his eyes burning.

"Message me. When you're ready. And I'll be here, no matter how long it takes..."

Sungmin’s lips quirk up just a little, but he still looks sad. He nods, reaching out to give Jungkook’s hands one last squeeze.

“Okay,” he whispers. “I’ll message you. Bye Jungkook.”

Jungkook looks sad too as he squeezes Sungmin's hand back. "Bye Sungmin," he whispers, his eyes burning again as the still-shattered remains of his heart squeeze tight. It still hurts, but a wave of sadness washes over him as he realizes that this is it.

Slowly, he leans in to wrap his arms around Sungmin's neck and pull him into one last hug. And he makes it count, holding Sungmin tight and cherishing it for as long as he can.

he thinks as he slowly lets go. And he offers Sungmin a small smile before he opens the door to the car and steps out.

Even though Jungkook's eyes are cried out, he still manages a few more tears as he watches Sungmin drive away. And slowly, the despair fills the broken remains of his heart as he heads back up to his apartment.

Now that he's alone -- now that Sungmin's gone -- the devastation feels so much worse. And even though it doesn't feel like he's carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders, he's still sad.

And he thinks he's going to be sad for a while.

he tells himself as he crawls out of his clothes, tossing them into his hamper.

It's normal to mourn when something important ends.

And he tries to repeat that as he pulls his pajamas on. As he washes the tear stains from his face.

And as he crawls into bed, his arms wrapping around the giant stuffed pink rabbit that Sungmin got for him when they were kids. Burying his face into its fur, he sighs, exhaustion seeping into his bones as his heart twists and turns. And slowly, he reaches up to pull the engagement ring from his finger.

His promise ring, from Sungmin. That never quite fit right, but... it was still his. Even if he never wanted it for the right reasons. 

Gripping the warm metal ring tight in his hand, he holds it to his chest as another tear slips down his cheek.

And he falls asleep like that, wrapped up around his stuffed rabbit, his heart broken but slowly beginning to mend.

It’s a few days later that Taehyung’s phone rings well after midnight. It’s not often that it rings at all, but even less so after working hours. So the buzz catches him slightly off guard, his eyebrows furrowing as he starts digging through the piles of papers on his desk to find his phone.

Jungkook’s name is on the screen and he can’t help the way his entire body lurches in a slight panic at having him call him so late.

Is he hurt? Is the curse already taking him from him? Is Taehyung, once again, too late?

“Hello?” he answers in a rush of panic and anxiety. “Jungkook? Are you alright?”

Jungkook can't deny the way his heart flutters back to life a little bit at hearing Taehyung's voice, even though it sounds panicked. "Hi Taehyungie," he says quietly, his voice still a little hoarse. "I'm okay, I just wanted to chat with you. Is that okay?"

It's been a few days since he ended things with Sungmin, and every day it gets a little bit easier. It still hurts though, and he's still in mourning. But he has to keep reminding himself that it's okay to mourn.

He asked Yoongi to put his comic on hiatus for a week to give himself time. And his hyungs keep checking on him to make sure he's okay.

But he misses Taehyung. And he wants to hear his voice.

Taehyung practically deflates against his chair in relief, knowing that he’s not hurt somewhere or in a hospital. But he can’t help but notice how he sounds like he’s been crying, and another wave of worry washes over him.

“Of course that’s okay,” he replies, getting up from his desk to go to his living room where he can sit more comfortably. “You sound sad. Are you sure everything is alright?”

He gnaws at his bottom lip for a moment before adding, “I can be there in minutes, if you need me.”

Jungkook's heart aches at the thought. And he knows that Taehyung being here with him would make him feel so much better. But...

But he doesn't want to see Taehyung until he's emotionally ready. And he isn't there yet. 

"No, it's okay. It's late and I'm in bed," he says with a quiet laugh, burrowing deeper underneath the covers. "Sorry, it's just been... a rough few days. And I could use a distraction. What are you up to?"

Taehyung’s heart aches for Jungkook, wishing he was able to help keep him from any kind of pain the world throws at him. He gets comfortable on his couch, imagining Jungkook tucked into bed, holding the phone to his ear.

“Mm, very interesting stuff, I should warn you,” he says in a light tone, hoping to ease Jungkook’s stress. “It could make you want to stay up all night listening.”

Once he hears a quiet huff of a laugh from Jungkook, he smiles, the knots in his chest easing just a bit.

“I was in the midst of writing a manual on how to use a toaster oven.”

Jungkook laughs a little bit harder, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he gets more comfortable. Taehyung's sweet, he thinks as he hugs his stuffed rabbit closer, wrapping himself around it. 

"A toaster oven, huh? I'm at the edge of my seat," he teases, his smile widening. His aching heart fluttering.

"Tell me more. Is it a fancy toaster oven? Should I invest in one?"

Taehyung smiles, leaning into his phone, as if he could reach Jungkook that way. His voice sounds a little more relaxed now, a little less pained.

“Well, at 90,000 won, they’re a great investment,” he says with a low chuckle. “You can cook all kinds of food in it. But they can start a fire if you put the wrong kind of material inside it. You have to be careful.”

He smiles a little more at the quiet giggle he hears from Jungkook. “What would you like to talk about, Jungkook-ah? I’ll tell you anything.”

Jungkook shifts on the bed, relaxing a little bit more as the pain in his heart begins to ease. Slowly, his chest unwinds and his breathing becomes a little bit easier. "Hmm, anything?" he asks almost teasingly.

He could ask so many different things. And there's so much he wants to know.

He's sure he could keep Taehyung on the phone for days just listening to him speak.

"I wanna know more about you. Like, how you got into technical writing. And what your favorite movies are..."

Taehyung hums, settling against the pillows on his couch and crossing one leg. It’s sweet how much Jungkook wants to know about him, especially the mundane things.

“Well, I needed a job to keep me busy,” he answers with a shrug. “And it’s remote working, so no one will notice I don’t age because I rarely see them, anyway. So I can do it for many years.”

Favorite movies, though? He’s seen many, yet he can’t think of a favorite one.

“I’m not sure about a favorite movie, but I enjoy horror and romance the most as genres.”

Jungkook's smile softens as he sets his phone next to his head on the pillow, putting it on speaker so he can get even more comfortable. "I like romance and horror too," he says with a quiet laugh. "Some of my comics are horror romance."

Sighing quietly, he lets his heart start to settle a little bit more. The sound of Taehyung's voice is relaxing. And it's nice to get to know him a little better.

"What about... favorite book? And have you had any other jobs that you've enjoyed?"

Listening as Jungkook settles in bed, Taehyung feels his own heart settle, too. It’s been almost a week since they last saw each other, since everything happened. And though he yearns to hold Jungkook again, just hearing his voice is comforting enough.

“The Power of Words is my favorite book,” he answers, closing his eyes and imagining how comfortable Jungkook must be, burrowed in his blankets. “In other lives, I worked as a newspaper editor, a teacher, a scholar, a doctor... some lives I did nothing and lived off the money I had from previous ones.”

Jungkook's grin widens, another laugh bubbling up his throat. "Wow, you're so cool, Taehyungie," he gushes, his toes wiggling as he thinks about Taehyung in his doctor's coat; Taehyung teaching students; Taehyung on the cutting room floor.

Cute, he thinks, glancing up at the phone.

"So does that mean you could perform open heart surgery on me

teaching me something new?"

Taehyung laughs a little, endeared by Jungkook endlessly. “Well, it’s been many years since I was a doctor,” he explains, remembering the days when medicine wasn’t quite as advanced. “I’m afraid I don’t know much about modern medicine. Besides, I focused on neuro a lot more than the heart.”

But even that was so long ago now, Taehyung isn’t sure if he could be qualified as a doctor in today’s world.

Perhaps when he finishes technical writing, he’ll journey into medical school again. It’s grueling, but it is interesting.

“What job would you like to see me doing?” Taehyung asks. “In my next life, I’ll become it.”

Jungkook hums, rolling onto his back and looking up at the ceiling. "So many options," he says, biting down on his lip as his grin widens.

Honestly, he thinks Taehyung could be good at anything. Especially since he has so much time to master a skill.

"I bet you'd make a great artist. Or one of those secretive novelists that people think lives in the mountains."

Taehyung hums, imagining himself as an artist or novelist. He certainly could make that happen — in fact, he almost wrote about one of his and Jungkook’s past lives as a romance novel once. Maybe he can finally get around to doing that.

“Mm, I’ll be sure to do that, then,” he says. “I’ll be an artistic type. I’ve certainly got the ‘tortured’ part of tortured artist down.”

Jungkook laughs quietly, his smile softening even as his heart squeezes at the reminder. "Well, I could definitely teach you a few things about art," he says excitedly, his eyes sparkling at the thought of getting to teach Taehyung something new.

"Maybe we could paint together sometime..."

Taehyung’s heart flutters a bit at that, the image of the two of them painting together flooding in his mind. Maybe he would put some paint on his cheek and kiss him.

, his mind reminds him.

He’s engaged. He’s safer if you aren’t lovers.

“I’d like that,” Taehyung answers softly. “I’m free for you anytime.”

Jungkook's heart flutters as well, his smile widening as he pictures it: him and Taehyung sitting somewhere with a view, painting side by side. It sounds so nice. 

"I am too," he says just as softly. "Except, you know, when I'm at work."

Laughing quietly, he shifts to get comfortable again. And as he feels his heart continue to settle more, his exhaustion catches up to him, tugging at the corners of his eyes and making him yawn. "So, tell me some of your favorite memories from your last jobs."

Taehyung smiles, hearing Jungkook’s sleepy, yawning voice. It’s endearing, just like everything about his beloved soulmate is. He wishes he could be there with him now, to hold him while he sleeps, to brush his fingers through his hair and protect him from any bad dreams.

He starts talking about his days as a scholar, how he met the great King Sejong. How different life was back then. About his days as a doctor the last time they were together, how far medicine has come now compared to back then.

He talks in a gentle voice, tells Jungkook of lives before when times were so very different.

And Jungkook listens to every word, humming along happily as his eyes slip closed and his body relaxes in bed. He imagines what Taehyung might have looked like as a scholar, as a doctor; as an artist in the future.

And it makes his smile widen and his heart flutter happily as he relaxes more and more.

Until he eventually falls into a deep sleep; the first deep sleep he's gotten in a week.

Nuzzling into his phone, he starts snoring gently into the receiver as he hugs his bunny closed. And it's no surprise when he starts dreaming of Taehyung...

When snoring fills the other end of the phone, Taehyung closes his eyes and listens for a bit. It’s a familiar sound, one he’s grown used to over the many years he’s shared a bed with Jungkook. It makes him feel almost homesick, missing it; missing the way he always cuddles so close and sometimes even drools a little bit.

“Goodnight Jungkook-ah,” Taehyung whispers, a fond smile slowly quirking up on his lips. “Sweet dreams.”

He ends the call and sighs, letting his phone drop to his couch, and relaxes on the couch. Vampires don’t sleep, but Taehyung likes to pretend to sometimes, to relax his mind and body.

He does that now, eyes closed, as he thinks of Jungkook.

Taking a long, deep breath, Jungkook holds it for a few seconds as he looks at the front door to his parents' house. As he exhales slowly, he tries to shake the last of his nerves -- tries to ease the tightly woven knots in his stomach -- in preparation for finally ringing the doorbell. 

But it doesn't work. 

Jungkook's only been this nervous to talk to his parents a handful of times; when he came out, when he was admitted into art school, and when he accidentally dented his dad's bumper. So many of his memories in this house are warm and golden -- full of laughter and love -- and he's so grateful for the closeness between himself and his parents. 

But... he also doesn't want to disappoint them. 

He can already imagine the looks on their faces when he announces the end of his and Sungmin's engagement. And that hurts to think about; almost as much as it still hurts to think about Sungmin...

But he has to be honest with them. He needs them to understand why.

So he takes another deep breath, steels himself, and finally knocks.

There’s a dog barking inside, the sight of the white fur through the side window of the front door. A quiet murmur to shush the dog gently is muffled through the door, but a moment later, Jeon Jihyun is opening the door, eyes wide in surprise to see his son on the other side.

“Son,” he says, then smiles warmly. “Come in, come in. You know you don’t have to knock.”

He gets some guest slippers out of the shoe closet for Jungkook as Guerum jumps all over Jungkook’s legs and feet, begging for attention, panting in his excitement. There’s some sounds from the kitchen before his mother, Shinhye, steps out.

“Jungkook-ah?” she asks, her eyebrows furrowing in worry. “Are you alright? We didn’t expect you today.”

Jungkook crouches down to pet Gureum, rubbing behind his eyes as a small smile graces his lips. It's no surprise that just the sight of Gureum helps unwind the knot in his stomach, but his excitement is also contagious.

It's just enough to help him look up at his mom and dad before he stands up, dusting off his pants.

"Oh, hi mom. I'm okay. There was just... something I wanted to talk to you about," he says, hoping he doesn't look as nervous as he feels. "Do you two have time to talk?"

“Of course, I’ll put on some tea,” Shinhye says before disappearing in the kitchen again. Gureum trails after her, tail wagging.

“Come on, let’s go to the living room,” his father beckons, leading him further into the house. 

The living room looks the same as it did when Jungkook grew up in it, minus the brand new comfortable looking couch. There are still his school pictures on the walls, graduation photos with his high school and art degrees. Baby pictures framed on the small table beside the couch.

“So what’s on your mind? You seem tense,” Jihyun notes as they settle down on the couch. A moment later, Shinhye is coming out with a tray and three mugs with hot water for tea.

Jungkook looks around the living room, smiling a little bit as he soaks in the memories. It helps calm his nerves a little bit more, as does Gureum jumping up to settle on his lap.

He's lucky to have been born into such a loving family. Lucky to have a family that's supported his dreams up until now, even if they never quite aligned with what they wanted for him. And that only makes him feel guiltier as he prepares himself to crush the last of their hopes for him.

"Um, Sungmin and I..." he starts, looking up at his parents nervously, "We ended our engagement."

Shinhye drops a mug of hot water on the coffee table in her surprise at his words. While she rushes to get a towel to clean it up, Jihyun just turns to look at him, his expression concerned and serious.

“Did he do something to you?” Jihyun asks immediately, tone angry. “Did he cheat on you or something? Because I will kill him if he hurt you, Jungkook.”

“Oh hush, Sungmin isn’t one to do that,” Shinhye says as she cleans up the water with a towel. “Honey, why did you two end things? You’ve been together for so long…”

Jungkook's eyes widen in surprise at his father's response, but soften again as he looks at his mom. Guilt swirls in his stomach, though he does feel a little bit of relief that they don't sound angry at him.

"Actually, I... I was the one who ended it," he says quietly, fiddling with the mug in his hands. "I know you love him like a son and... wanted the business to stay in the family, but I just... I wasn't in love with him."

It hurts to stay it out loud. Even though his heart has slowly begun to heal from the pain of losing Sungmin -- of ending a long and stable and loving relationship -- it still hurts. He does miss Sungmin a lot; misses texting him throughout the day and having dinner with him. And while he's hopeful that they might get to a place of friendship again, he knows it will take some time.

Jihyun doesn’t say anything at first, but Shinhye’s expression softens as she comes to sit on Jungkook’s other side. She brushes her fingers through his hair, gently tucking the strands behind his ear.

“Oh honey,” she says softly, wrapping her arms around him and hugging him. “You don’t have to apologize for that. If it’s not love after this long, then it’s not love. You did the right thing.”

Jihyun looks torn between wanting to comfort Jungkook and feeling upset about the twist of events.

“I just don’t understand,” he says. “What changed? You two have been happy this whole time, he’s always been accomodating to you.”

Jungkook leans into his mom's touch, feeling a lump form in his throat at her kindness and understanding. Relief fills the hollow gaps in his heart and he hugs her back, squeezing her tight as tears start to burn behind his eyes.

Turning toward his dad, he swallows and sighs. "Sungmin's an amazing man. And one of my best friends. But... when he proposed, I said yes because I thought it would make you happy," he whispers, his voice feeling tighter as his heart trembles. "Nothing changed, I just... wasn't happy. And I think he deserves more than a husband who can't love him back."

“Jihyun,” Shinhye says, her tone warning as she cradles Jungkook’s head against her chest gently.

“Son… we’ve always supported you,” Jihyun starts, tone a little more patient and soft. “If we made you feel like you have to do something you don’t want to tot make us happy, then I’m sorry. We never want you to be anything but happy and healthy.”

“That’s right,” Shinhye agrees, squeezing Jungkook’s shoulder. “If it didn’t work with Sungmin, then that’s just fine. You’ll find someone to love the way you want.”

Slowly, a tear slips down Jungkook's cheek, quickly followed by another one. And then the dam breaks, a sob escaping his throat as he hugs his mom tight and pulls his dad in closer. "Thank you," he whispers, the tears flowing freely as relief fills his heart.

He truly does wish that he could have loved Sungmin. That things had worked out between them. Sungmin was so good to him and so kind. But his heart wasn't in it, and he knows that Sungmin will find someone who deserves him.

Someone who will make him equally as happy.

Jihyun hugs Jungkook as Shinhye squeezes him tightly. With all the excitement going on, Gureum even stands on Jungkook’s lap to lick his cheek a few times, nuzzling closer, as if he’s jealous of the hugs that he’s not being let in on.

“Don’t worry about the money, Jungkook,” Jihyun tells him sincerely. “Money is the furthest thing on my mind. He is a good worker, a good team member. But we’ll have to have a board meeting to make sure everyone is on board with it, though I’m sure no one will complain.”

Shinhye smiles, pressing a wet kiss to Jungkook’s forehead. “See? It’s all gonna be just fine,” she says. “So stop your crying. You did the right thing, Jungkook-ah.”

Jungkook nods, his heart

as he cries harder in his parents' arms. Not because he's sad or heartbroken.

But because he's relieved.

Like the weight of the world has finally been lifted off his shoulders.

He's been so scared of this moment for so long; spent so many years hoping the decisions he's made will make his parents happy. And even though it took him a while to realize how unhappy he was because of it, he still wanted to make them proud.

And knowing that they're proud of him now fills the cracks of his heart with gold.

"I love you both so much," he whispers, hugging his parents even closer. "Thank you for understanding..."

Shinhye smiles as she hugs him tighter, rubbing his arm. “I love you, too, honey,” she says, pressing another kiss to the top of his head. “No matter how old you get, you’ll always be my baby. And I just want you to be happy.”

Jihyun nods, squeezing Jungkook’s shoulder. “Thank you for telling us,” he says. “We love you, son.”

“Now,” Shinhye says as she cups Jungkook’s cheeks. “Since you’ve come all this way, you’ll stay for dinner, right? It’s almost ready now. I’ll even pack you some side dishes to bring home with you.”

Jungkook sniffs, blinking away the last of his tears as he looks up at his mom with a small smile. Warmth fills the empty crevices of his heart as it flutters so happily, and he feels the last of his anxiety and heartbreak slip away. 

Nodding as he mom wipes his tears from his cheeks, his smile grows just a little bit. And he knows he's so lucky to have a family that loves and supports him so much. One that he loves just as much. 

And he'll never take that for granted again. 

"I'd love that," he says quietly, and as his mom hugs him tight, his smile finally grows into a grin. 

Dinner with his parents is relaxing and warm. As he eats his mom's delicious home cooked food, the three of them talk about anything but Sungmin and the engagement. They talk about work, about the potential of his series becoming a drama, about family friends and coworkers, about Jungkook's life. And it's everything he needed in that moment. 

By the time he leaves, carrying a bag of leftovers as promised, he feels so much lighter. Like the clouds have finally parted enough for the sun to shine down on his life again. 

Ironically, it's raining outside. And as Jungkook runs toward the train station to take him back home, he remembers the last thing he needs to do to finally be at ease: talk to Taehyung. 

His heart squeezes at the thought, anxiety flooding his heart and making his stomach twist and turn. And while there's a huge part of him that wishes he could just pine for Taehyung from afar, he knows that he has to be honest. 

Even if it means getting his heart broken again. 

As he takes the train to Taehyung's apartment, he tries to think of what to say. But all he can remember is the way Taehyung cried in his arms at the thought of losing him again. At how his soul couldn't handle anymore pain. 

And he understands, though it won't make the rejection any easier. 

Maybe it's selfish of him to confess his feelings to Taehyung knowing what he knows, but he doesn't want to live a lie either.

By the time he makes it to Taehyung's front door, he's soaking wet and shivering, gripping his leftovers in his hand. And he stares at the door for a long time as he tries to gather his courage. 

Before he finally knocks.

As soon as the door opens -- as soon as Jungkook sees Taehyung's beautiful face -- the words come rushing past his lips as if pulled out. 

"Taehyung, I'm in love with you."

Taehyung had been busy working when he’d heard a knock on his door, which is strange because no one knocks. Jimin is the only other person that comes over and he lets himself in.

He gets up from his desk, reaching up to fix his glasses as he heads down the hall to the door. Pulling it open, he’s surprised to find Jungkook standing there, a bag in his hand, soaked to the bone from the rain.

But as he opens his mouth to ask if he’s alright, Jungkook beats him to it.

“Taehyung, I’m in love with you.”

He stands there for a moment, stunned, unsure of what to say. A rush of happiness goes through his entire body followed by a shudder of disparity.

He cannot lose Jungkook in this lifetime. He can’t feel that pain again, he can’t.

But seeing him like this, in front of him, Taehyung’s heart wavers.

even after the words leave his lips. Especially as Taehyung stands in front of him, as shocked as he expected.

I'm in love with you. 

Normally just saying those words releases a rush of joy. And while they do alleviate the anxiety in his heart, they also bring a wave of sadness. Because he knows the significance of saying them, especially with Taehyung.

But he prepared for rejection. So he takes a deep breath and steels himself for it.

"I ended my relationship with Sungmin. Because I wasn't in love with him," he says as evenly as he can, though his heart is aching, tears burning behind his eyes before slipping down his cheeks. "I'm done lying to myself about how I feel and what I want."

Taking a deep, shuddering breath, tears begin to cloud his vision. But he doesn't care, because all he can see -- all he cares about right now -- is Taehyung.

"I love you, Taehyungie. And since the moment I met you, I've only fallen more in love with you every day. I know that you can't love me back because of everything you've been through and I understand. I just... I wanted you to know how I feel."

Taehyung stands there, his grip on the door tightening as Jungkook’s words come out, putting the pieces of his shattered heart back together. He feels it dully thump, almost like it’s starting to beat again; yet the anxiety, the fear, is starting to form a swirling tornado in his mind and heart.

His soul yearns, begs, screams and pleads for him to close the distance, but his mind remembers the pain of losing Jungkook in every lifetime before this. Tragic accidents, painful deaths that he should never have faced. That Taehyung should have protected him from.

This time will be no different,

Taehyung’s mind says.

But he’s already reaching for Jungkook, listening to his heart instead.

One hand slides around the nape of Jungkook’s neck, the other going around his waist as he pulls him close and kisses him. A shocked gasp from Jungkook invites Taehyung to kiss his bottom lip and top separately, before he pulls back just slightly, eyes meeting Jungkook’s briefly.

And then he’s pulling him in and kissing him again.

Shock quickly fades into an all-consuming happiness as Jungkook's heart practically explodes in a flurry of confetti, his stomach a swirling storm of butterflies. Dropping the bag of takeout, he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and kisses him back.

And it's the most amazing kiss he's ever had.

Taehyung's lips are so soft, his hold so comforting. And it's everything Jungkook's dreamed about since he was young; everything he's been missing for so long.

Taehyung kisses him so delicately, lovingly. The press of Jungkook’s plush lips against his own is familiar, reminds him of

, makes his heart sing. A thousand memories of kissing these lips fills his mind — under the cherry blossoms, in a park somewhere in the early 1900’s hidden away by the foliage from passerbys, in the privacy of Taehyung old home in a village late at night as the moonlight shines through the open window.

But none of those kisses come close to this one, to the way his entire body feels so at ease as he holds Jungkook close, until their bodies are pressed together. Until Taehyung’s terrible mangled and broken, dead heart beats in time with Jungkook’s.

He steps back slowly, bringing Jungkook with him, leg reaching out to kick the bag he’d dropped into his apartment as he shuts the door and presses Jungkook back into it. Tongue sweeping along Jungkook’s lips, he slips it into his mouth when he gasps, tasting the familiar sweet taste of him.

Jungkook's gut kicks as Taehyung presses him against the door; as Taehyung's tongue slips inside his mouth. A gentle shiver rolls up his spine, a quiet moan escaping his throat as his fingers slip into Taehyung's hair, tugging at it gently. His other arm pulls Taehyung even closer until their bodies are flushed together.

This is what heaven must feel like, he thinks. Warm and comfortable and safe.

Perfect in every way.

Like a dream and yet like the most real and grounding thing he's ever experienced.

Sliding his tongue against Taehyung's, he moans again as his eyes fully flutter closed. And slowly, he relaxes completely in Taehyung's arms.

Taehyung’s hands press against Jungkook’s back, holding him so close as he deepens the kiss, swallowing every gasp and moan that slips from Jungkook’s mouth. As they kiss, Taehyung slowly steps back, tugging Jungkook along with him, lips never straying from his, not even for a moment.

His fingers slide around to the front to unbutton Jungkook’s shirt, hands sliding up to push it to the ground as they continue slowly walking backwards, lips moving slowly against each other.

Next, Taehyung’s hands reach Jungkook’s jeans, easily unbuttoning and unzipping them, letting them drop and wrapping his arms around him again so he won’t trip as they fall to the floor.

By the time Jungkook is mostly nude, they’ve reached Taehyung’s bedroom and he kicks the door open, his hands sliding up to cup Jungkook’s cheeks gently, finally pulling away from the kiss.

“You’re freezing from the rain,” he murmurs, sliding his fingers up through Jungkook’s damp hair. “Let me get you something dry and comfortable to change into.”

Jungkook shivers, his cheeks flushing as he looks at Taehyung with wide eyes, eyelashes as damp as his cheeks. His heart is racing, being this bare in front of Taehyung. And while this is probably a sight Taehyung has seen so many times before, it's all so new to him.

New and exciting and overwhelming.

It's all so much, really. He came here to be rejected, but now he's almost naked in Taehyung's bedroom, the two of them wrapped up in each others' arms.

(And Jungkook likes it. So much.)

"Okay," he whispers, though his grip on Taehyung tightens, not wanting to be parted from him yet.

Taehyung feels Jungkook’s arms tighten around him and smiles fondly, resting his forehead against Jungkook’s for a moment.

“I don’t want you to catch a cold,” he murmurs, hands sliding up his back slowly. He can feel a shiver run through Jungkook’s body and he leans in to press one more soft but chaste kiss to his lips.

It takes all his strength to untangle himself from Jungkook to go to his closet and find a hoodie and sweat pants for Jungkook to change into. When he returns to Jungkook, he helps pull the hoodie over his head, holds the sweat pants open for him to step into.

Taking him into his arms again, Taehyung gently cups Jungkook’s cheek and gazes into his eyes.

“I love you, too,” he finally answers. “In every lifetime, I will always wait for you. Even in the ones where you don’t come to me.”

Jungkook's heart explodes again, his eyes widening again as his breath catches in his throat. Tears burn behind his eyes as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck, leaning into his touch.

"Oh Taehyungie," he whispers, pulling Taehyung closer so he can kiss him again. Softly and sweetly; with all the love his bursting heart possess. "In every lifetime, I'm going to find you. Because my heart and soul are yours to keep."

Taehyung relaxes under his touch, the anxiety of a loss slowly moving to the back of his mind, letting him enjoy this moment of tenderness. He kisses the corner of his mouth, nose nudging against his.

“Mine have been yours for centuries,” Taehyung says sincerely, hazel eyes flicking up to meet Jungkook’s eyes. “I was made for you and only you, Jungkook-ah.”

Slowly, he cradles Jungkook’s jaw to tilt his head back just slightly, pressing their lips together again in a slow and tender kiss.

Jungkook sighs against Taehyung's lips, his heart racing as it starts to really set in that this isn't a dream. That he's here, in this moment, kissing Taehyung.

A lump forms in his throat as he kisses Taehyung back, pulling him as close as he can until they're pressed together. 

"I was made for you and only you too," he whispers in between kisses, his heart and soul

as they stitch themselves back together.

It’s easy to lose himself in the happiness he feels in this moment; to hold Jungkook close and press kiss after kiss against his lips. Taehyung loves how Jungkook presses closer, like he can’t stand a spare limb not touching.

But slowly, Taehyung’s kisses lessen as he looks at Jungkook, memorizing him. Memorizing this moment, how he feels in his arms.

“Come here,” he murmurs, guiding Jungkook back to his bed, which is made with black silk sheets. Clearly, it’s not used often.

Taehyung sits on the edge of the bed and pulls Jungkook with him, tossing decorative pillows to the ground as he fluffs the other ones until it’s extra cozy. Laying them back, Taehyung sighs as he brings the blanket up over them, his arms wrapping around Jungkook.

Jungkook curls up against Taehyung, his heart fluttering wildly as he tries to get comfortable in the bed. It shouldn't be hard -- it's a nice bed with nice sheets -- but he's senses still feel like they're in overdrive, as if he's more awake than he's ever been.

Still, underneath that rush of adrenaline and pure, euphoric bliss, exhaustion settles into his limbs. It's been a tiring week, and he hasn't fully relaxed until now. Between everything he'd put himself through -- the heartbreak and the anxiety and the pain -- he hasn't had much time to rest, let alone relax.

But in Taehyung's arms, it's so easy.

Especially knowing that, when he wakes up again, Taehyung will still be here.

"This feels like a dream," he whispers, hugging Taehyung tight, looking up at him as if he'll disappear at any moment. 

Taehyung brushes his fingers through Jungkook’s hair slowly, massaging his scalp while his other arm drapes over his waist, keeping him close. It does feel like a dream to hold and kiss him again.

“I know,” he murmurs, leaning in to place a soft kiss to Jungnkook’s forehead. “But it’s not a dream. Don’t worry, I’ll still be here even if you fall asleep.”

Jungkook sighs, his smile softening as his eyes flutter closed. Just knowing that Taehyung's still going to be here in the morning calms his heart. 

Just as much as being in this bed with Taehyung makes it race. 

"Okay," he whispers, sliding his hand up to cup Taehyung's cheek before pulling him in for a small kiss. Every brush of lips feels electric and his body begs for more. But he keeps it simple. 

"Could we... go on a date sometime?"

If it was possible to become even more endeared with Jungkook, it would be right now. Taehyung looks at him lovingly, his expression soft as he smiles, his heart tugging in his chest.

“Of course,” he whispers, lips brushing against Jungkook’s hair. “Anything you want, beloved. If I can give it to you, I will.”

The idea of going on a date sends a thrill through Taehyung, imagining them having a nice walk, holding hands. Watching the sunset together. Feeding Jungkook something he enjoys, maybe even feeding from Jungkook.

Jungkook's heart explodes, his smile widening into a grin as he wiggles a little bit in Taehyung's hold. Just imagining a date with Taehyung sends a thrill through Jungkook as well; imagining holding hands, kissing, falling asleep in each other's arms again. 

really makes his heart race.

Fuck, he's so lucky. 

"I just want you," he whispers honestly, pressing a kiss against Taehyung's skin. "You don't have to give me anything other than that."

Taehyung feels his entire body relax, burying his nose in Jungkook’s hair and holding him closer. He can feel tears welling up behind his closed eyes, relief at finally being whole, at having Jungkook right here where he belongs — in his arms.

“You have me,” he whispers, not trusting his voice. “You have me for eternity, love.”

Slowly, Taehyung combs through Jungkook’s damp hair again, tangling their legs together under the blankets. Every part of their bodies are touching, holding each other. Like they were always meant to.

Jungkook sighs as he relaxes in Taehyung's arms; as he leans into Taehyung's touch. And it feels so perfect.

Everything he's been missing; everything he's ever wanted.

"You have me too," he whispers, tilting his head to kiss Taehyung's bottom lip. And he's so happy. The happiest he's ever been.

Taehyung’s smile is wry, worried, but he buries it in Jungkook’s hair and sighs softly, taking in this moment. Enjoying it.

He holds Jungkook for a long time, the two embracing, letting their souls stitch themselves back together happily. Whispering sweet words into his hair, fingers pressing against him to keep him close.

As Jungkook starts to drift off to sleep, Taehyung smiles fondly, nose nuzzling into the top of his head and breathing him in gently. And even if he doesn’t need to sleep, he lays with Jungkook all night, playing with his hair and counting his long eyelashes, memorizing every detail of holding him in his arms in the middle of the night.

He even enjoys the snoring, thinks it’s adorable.

“I love you,” Taehyung whispers gently as he kisses over a scar on Jungkook’s cheek — a death from a past life. “My beloved.”

When Jungkook wakes up in the morning, the first thing he notices is the heavy weight settled against him. And even in the haziness in between dreaming and waking up, it feels so warm and comfortable and safe.

Eyelids fluttering open, his eyes immediately meet Taehyung's and his heart flutters. Stretching his legs, he wiggles closer to Taehyung as it finally hits him that yesterday wasn't a dream. Taehyung is here next to him, holding him.

Though the windows are covered by heavy drapes, he thinks it might be morning. At least, he hopes so (sleeping the day away is never fun). And when he reaches up to caress Taehyung's cheek with his hand, his smile widens into a grin.

"Morning," he whispers, tongue darting out to wet his lips as flashes of the night before come back to him.

Taehyung leans into Jungkook’s touch instantly, his hazel eyes fond as they meet his. He turns his head to press a gentle kiss to Jungkook’s palm.

“Good morning, beloved,” he hums quietly. Despite the thick drapes keeping the sun out of the room for Taehyung’s safety, the sound of birds chirping and singing is loud outside. “Did you sleep well?”

He moves them slowly, readjusting to pull Jungkook closer when he wriggles closer to him sleepily. Sleepy Jungkook is adorable with his puffy eyes and cheeks, his nose wiggling, eyes slowly blinking.

Jungkook doesn't think he'll ever tire of hearing Taehyung call him

It makes his heart race and his soul sing, a blush warming his cheeks as his smile widens until his nose is scrunching. 

"I did," he hums, relaxing in Taehyung's hold as his fingers slip through his hair. Honestly, he hasn't slept that well in a long time. And though he's still waking up, this is the most rested he's ever felt. 

"Did you lay here all night?"

Jungkook’s nose scrunching, sleepy smile has Taehyung ready to combust.

“I did,” he answers in a hum, pressing a warm kiss to Jungkook’s forehead. “I haven’t held you in decades. It felt nice.”

Reaching up, he brushes his fingers through Jungkook’s hair before letting his hand slide down to cup his neck, thumbing stroking lightly along his collarbone.

“Are you hungry? I could try to prepare you breakfast, though my cooking skills are… nonexistent.”

Jungkook hums, leaning into Taehyung's touch as his eyes flutter closed again. He can't imagine how this must feel for Taehyung; how hard it's been losing your soulmate over and over again. And he hopes that -- somehow, someway -- he can make this time count.

He can make this time

"I'm pretty hungry, but I can cook something," he says with a grin as he opens his eyes again. And when his eyes lock with Taehyung's, his heart skips a beat. "Are... you hungry?"

In an instant, Taehyung’s eyes flash red at the mention of feeding from him again. The last time had been so emotional for both of them, though, and as much as he wants it, he’s also a little nervous.

Swallowing, Taehyung lets his fingers slide back up to cup the nape of Jungkook’s neck.

“For you?” he asks, voice low and a little breathless. “Always.”

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, a shiver ripping up his spine at the thought. Subconsciously, he tilts his head into Taehyung's touch, exposing more of his neck as his tongue darts out to wet his lips.

"You should eat first then," he whispers, feeling a little breathless himself.

Taehyung tilts his head down, running his nose along Jungkook’s neck slowly, breathing him in. He listens to the way Jungkook’s heart sputters in his chest, how his breath hitches softly.

“You smell ravishing,” he whispers, lips moving against Jungkook’s skin as he kisses up his neck slowly. “Does it feel good? When I feed from you?”

His lips slowly move up more, his fangs growing out. He relishes in the satisfaction of seeing goosebumps rise on Jungkook’s skin when he slowly, teasingly, grazes his fangs along his neck.

Jungkook shivers again, his eyelids fluttering closed as shaky sigh leaves his lips. His hold on Taehyung tightening, he bites his lower lip as his stomach kicks and a low, simmering heat begins to build in the pit of his stomach.

"Mm, yes," he hums, fingers sliding through Taehyung's hair, tugging gently. Butterflies attack the walls of his stomach as he tilts his head back even more. "Feels so good..."

Taehyung smirks against Jungkook’s neck, loving his reaction this time around even more than the last. Pressing one last kiss to his neck, he slowly sinks his fangs into him, his eyes turning red again as the blood touches his tongue.

Holding him tighter, Taehyung starts to drink, listening to Jungkook’s heart beating steadily in his chest, watching him through lidded eyes.

Jungkook gasps, a wave of heat rolling through him as his head drops back onto the bed. "Fuck," he whispers, sliding one hand down Taehyung's back, the other tugging at his hair.

It's weird, he thinks, feeling the blood draining from your body. But it also feels so good; so addicting.

As he loses himself to the sensation of Taehyung drinking from him, he starts to see memories from past lives again. But this time, they don't sweep him away like a dream. Instead, they come in flashes: himself and Taehyung, laughing as they kiss underneath their cherry blossom tree; himself and Taehyung tangled in the sheets, sweaty and moaning; himself and Taehyung curled up together and talking about their future.

And it feels safe and warm.

And so fucking good that he doesn't even notice when he starts to rock his hips against Taehyung's thigh, a low moan building in his throat.

It catches Taehyung by surprise when he feels Jungkook rocking against him, his cock half hard, poking against his thigh under the covers. A wave of heat burns through Taehyung, his eyes darkening as he watches his lover bow his back in ecstasy.

He sucks at his neck a little harder as he trails one hand down Jungkook’s chest. He indulges in getting to touch, even through a hoodie, takes his time moving his hand down his chest and stomach.

Slowly, he cups Jungkook through his sweatpants, tongue circling the area he drinks from, his palm pressing against Jungkook’s cock.

Jungkook groans, his back arching off the bed even more as he rocks his hips into Taehyung's palm. "Oh fuck," he whines, biting down on his lower lip. The combination of Taehyung palming him over his pants and sucking at his neck makes him feel like he's on fire. He doesn't think he's ever felt this alive.

The way Jungkook’s voice sounds when he’s being pleasured is addicting. Taehyung moans softly against his neck, his palm pressing against him a little harder, working him until he’s full.

He retracts his fangs carefully, licking over the wounds until they close before nudging his nose against the underside of Jungkook’s jaw.

“You sound heavenly,” Taehyung whispers against his skin. He wants nothing more than to absolutely ravish Jungkook, to take him slowly. “Breathtaking.”

Jungkook practically whines at the sudden loss of Taehyung's mouth against his neck; at the feeling of his wounds closing. And as memories of lives he can't remember living interweave with this moment, he rocks up against Taehyung's palm desperately.

"Feels so good," he whimpers, his ears flushing and his heart racing. And as he tugs at Taehyung's hair, he tilts his head to capture Taehyung's lips in a heated kiss.

Taehyung groans into the kiss, letting Jungkook lead it as he kisses him back. His fingers continue to tease at Jungkook’s cock through his sweats, switching between stroking himi and palming over the head of it.

Everything about this moment feels perfect. Lazy morning spent inside his apartment, in his bed, pleasuring Jungkook all day — it sounds like the perfect way to finally be reunited with his soulmate after so long apart.

Jungkook doesn't think he's ever felt something this good; this intense. And even though the pace is slow, there's an intensity to every touch -- every swipe of tongue -- that has a fire burning in his belly.

As he kisses Taehyung, he rocks up against his hand, every touch making him whimper. Slowly, through the fog of pleasure, he slips his hand from around Taehyung's waist, slipping it in between them so he can palm Taehyung over his pants too.

Taehyung growls into the kiss, rolling them over slightly so that he’s hovering over Jungkook. He deepens the kiss, tongue slipping into Jungkook’s mouth as his hands grips his cock a little tighter, thumb pressing against the head of his cock. The fabric in front of the sweatpants is starting to grow a little damp from toying with him like this.

His own hips buck against Jungkook’s hand, lips parting as he breathes heavily against his mouth.

“Look at you,” Taehyung whispers against his lips, nipping at them. “You look so gorgeous like this.”

Jungkook's heart slingshots up into his throat, his head spinning as he tugs at Taehyung's hair. Taehyung's words burn straight through him, a shiver ripping up his spine as a moan leaves his lips.

"Fuck, can't believe I'm touching you," he whispers, nipping at Taehyung's lips as he rocks up against his hand; as he teases Taehyung's cock through his pants.

“Me either,” Taehyung says with a shaky whisper, his red eyes locking with Jungkook’s as the heat between them builds more and more. “God, I’ve missed you.”

He kisses along Jungkook’s jaw as he palms Jungkook a little bit harder. He wants to touch him more, wants to feel all of him, wants so, so much.

“Can I touch you?” Taehyung whispers into his skin, fangs grazing over it slowly.

Jungkook nods, his eyelids fluttering closed as he tilts his head to give Taehyung more room. "Touch me," he moans, tugging harder at Taehyung's hair.

Fuck, just the thought of Taehyung's hands on him is enough to make him moan, his toes curling as he bucks up against Taehyung's hand.

"Wanna touch you too..."

Taehyung’s head easily goes with Jungkook’s tugging, a moan bubbling up from the back of his throat. He stares down at him with dark red eyes full of want, lips slick and parted.

“Touch me all you want,” he whispers, heated. “I’m all yours, Jungkook.”

Leaning down to capture his lips in another slow and tender kiss, Taehyung moves his hand up to the waistband of Jungkook’s sweatpants, sliding it underneath to wrap his fingers around him. Squeezing Jungkook’s cock, he gives a few short strokes before his thumb is teasing the head of his cock again, sucking on his tongue and swallowing his moans.

Jungkook groans into Taehyung's mouth, his head spinning as his toes curl. Rocking up into Taehyung's touch, he tugs at his hair, kissing him back with a desperation he didn't even know he had.

Taehyung's hand feels so good around him, his every touch burning in the best way. And Jungkook knows he's addicted.

Slipping his hand inside of Taehyung's pants as well, he wraps his hand around his cock, groaning at the weight of it. And slowly, he starts to stroke it, teasing at first until he starts getting serious.

Like this, Taehyung feels pure bliss. With Jungkook, their souls and bodies reunited, feeling Jungkook’s touch again. It feels as though the universe is lining up, like everything terrible has been worth it to get here.

Taehyung works his fist over Jungkook slowly, knows exactly how to touch him to make him shudder, to make his back arch. And as he works Jungkook, taking him apart until he’s whining underneath him, Taehyung bucks into Jungkook’s fist.

“Feel so good, beloved,” he whispers against Jungkook’s lips, his cock twitching in Jungkook’s hold.

Jungkook gasps, writhing underneath Taehyung as he fucks up into his hand. Moaning breathlessly against Taehyung's lips, he loses himself even further to the white hot pleasure burning through him as he feels himself getting closer to his own release.

His stomach is wound tight, his toes curled against the sheets, and his heart racing.

"Ah, Tae-- feel's so good. M'so close," he whispers, nipping at Taehyung's lower lip, looking up at him through half-lidded eyes.

Squeezing the base of Taehyung's cock, he starts pumping him faster, teasing at the head before stroking him with a tighter grip.

The quiet of Taehyung’s dark bedroom fills with the sounds of their panting and moaning, of fists working quickly over wet cocks with firm grips. Taehyung leans in to rest his forehead against Jungkook’s, the moment intimate.

He works his fist over Jungkook’s cock faster, knows just where to tease with his nails lightly. He watches him coming undone slowly underneath him and he is so, so beautiful.

“Come for me,” Taehyung whispers into his ear, tongue slipping out to tease the shell of it. 

Another gasp rips itself from Jungkook's throat, his spine snapping off the bed as he fucks into Taehyung's hand. And at Taehyung's words, whispered hotly against his ear, he finally lets go, the tightness in his stomach snapping as his orgasm washes over him in waves.

His own pace turns sloppy, his hand working Taehyung's cock as he thrashes underneath him. Low, whimpering moans leave his lips as he chases after his own orgasm desperately, stroking Taehyung's cock even faster.

Watching Jungkook unravel beneath him sends a hot jolt through Taehyung, makes him moan as he sucks just earlobe between his teeth, fist slowing down as Jungkook comes down from his orgasm.

It doesn’t take much more for Taehyung, either, spilling into Jungkook’s hand as he comes with a breathy growl.

Pressing soft kisses to Jungkook’s forehead, Taehyung removes his hand from his pants to grab some tissues to clean him up.

“Good morning,” Taehyung chuckles, lips kissing down the bridge of Jungkook’s nose until he reaches his lips. “Best breakfast in bed I’ve ever had.”

Jungkook laughs against Taehyung's lips, his heart fluttering and his ears burning. His body feels so heavy and yet he's sure he's floating. In fact, he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck just to keep himself tethered to the earth.

Pulling Taehyung in for another kiss, he sighs against his lips as his eyes flutter closed. "Best sex I've ever had," he teases back.

Though he isn't lying.

He's only ever been with one other person, and those experiences were fine. But he's never been touched like that before; never felt like that before. And he loves it.

Just like he loves Taehyung.

Taehyung huffs out a soft laugh as he looks down at Jungkook so fondly, eyes flashing back to hazel as he gently strokes his cheek. He can’t believe that he’s here, that he’s with him.

That he gets to feel his touch again like this.

“If that was the best sex you’ve had then I think you’re in for a treat,” he teases, pressing another chaste kiss to Jungkook’s lips. “I’m glad you enjoyed it. It was good for me, too. Everything with you is good.”

Jungkook's blush deepens, his smile widening as he leans up to kiss Taehyung again. And his heart gives another flutter, happy that he made Taehyung feel good.

(Though the realization that he got Taehyung off definitely sends another small smile of heat through him. Fuck, Taehyung's so hot...)

"I'm so glad," he says, his smile softening as he brushes his fingers through Taehyung's hair. "Still can't believe I'm here with you..."

Taehyung brushes Jungkook’s bangs back from his face. “Me either,” he whispers. He tries not to think about the fear that comes with it, the worry. “God I — I’ve spent decades alone. Wanting you in your last life but knowing I couldn’t and I —“

He sucks his bottom lip between his teeth, feels himself start to panic just a little bit.

“I’ve wanted you so badly that my soul has never felt so whole,” Taehyung finishes, touching his own chest where his black, dead heart rest inside. “I’m terrified. But I don’t think I can let you go now that I’ve had a taste of you back in my life.”

Jungkook's heart aches as he reaches down to touch Taehyung's hand, the one resting over his heart. Squeezing gently, he remembers the little flashes of memories he's seen of their past lives together.

The joy, the love, the comfort.

And the thought of Taehyung living without that breaks his heart.

Just like the thought of losing Taehyung again.

"I'm not going anywhere," he whispers, his other hand reaching down to cup Taehyung's cheek. "Because I don't wanna let you go either."

Taehyung leans into Jungkook’s touch, his free hand coming up to hold it to his cheek, nuzzling against it gently. He wishes that he could believe Jungkook’s words, but he’s heard them before.

In every lifetime, Jungkook promised a future with him, but ended up leaving him, anyway.

Taehyung doesn’t blame him, knows that it’s not Jungkook’s fault. It’s his fault — his curse, his cross the bare. But the soul that he carries in his body is so heavily damaged, so mangled and disfigured from all the loss, that he doesn’t know how to believe Jungkook’s words anymore.

Not those words, anyway.

“Okay,” he says anyway, because it’s not Jungkook’s fault. Because Jungkook truly does believe that they’ll be fine. “Stay with me.”

"I will," Jungkook whispers as he pulls Taehyung closer, pressing gentle little kisses against his cheeks. And his heart aches even harder, because he knows it's a promise he can't keep. 

A promise he shouldn't make. 

But he'll fight death itself if it means getting to grow old with Taehyung. 

Because he can't bear the thought of leaving Taehyung alone again. 

This time, he's going to live.

They spend almost an hour tangled up in Taehyung’s black silk bedding before they get up. Despite having held Jungkook all night, he finds himself clinging to him, not wanting to lose any time with him. Wanting to cherish it, make the most of it.

He doesn’t know how much of it he has with him, after all.

Taehyung hugs Jungkook from behind while he cooks himself breakfast using what little food he has in his fridge from their last movie night. It’s a very simple breakfast, but Jungkook doesn’t mind.

“Human food has evolved so much since I ate it and enjoyed it,” Taehyung says, chin hooked over Jungkook’s shoulder as he watched him cook. “We certainly didn’t eat food like this.”

Jungkook laughs, his heart fluttering as he leans back in Taehyung's embrace. Just the term

endears him to no end. Taehyung's so cute and sweet and soft.

And this moment feels so domestic.

"What was your favorite meal? Back when you could eat human food?" he asks, turning his head toward Taehyung with a soft smile.

Taehyung hums in thought for a moment, his arms tightening around Jungkook’s waist. He thinks back to the hundreds of years ago, to the days before Joseon. Back to his mother.

“My mother used to make a stew using vegetables from our garden and the woods,” he answers softly, nuzzling his nose against Jungkook’s neck, pressing a kiss to the bite marks in his skin. “And if we were lucky, we had chicken with it. It used to be my favorite.”

Taehyung is sure that it’s not made the same way now, that maybe it’s not even something humans would enjoy necessarily in this day and age. But tot him, it’s a pleasant memory.

“It’s been… hundreds of years since I’ve enjoyed human food,” he murmurs. “What’s your favorite? So I can have some on hand whenever you’re over.”

Jungkook wishes he could cook a million recipes for Taehyung and show him how delicious food is now. He'd take Taehyung to every restaurant in the world just to help him experience the wonder of food. But he knows Taehyung can't eat.

"Mm, my favorite?" he asks, glancing over at Taehyung as he tosses his food in the skillet. "I love meat."

Taehyung thinks back to the last time he went out with his coworkers, how he’d seen Jungkook there with his fiance. Or ex-fiance now, he supposes. His arms tighten around Jungkook a little more, lips pressing more soft kisses to his neck.

“I’ll stock my fridge with only the best quality meats for you,” he says, lips moving against his skin.

Taehyung doesn’t let go of Jungkook even as he moves around the kitchen to get things he needs, like spices and oils. He just steps with him, his arms still locked around him, chin still hooked over his shoulder. Enjoying the closeness, the touches.

Jungkook can't help but giggle as he moves around the kitchen, Taehyung wrapped around him. "It's like I have my own personal koala," he teases as he plates his breakfast. Setting that to the side, he finally turns around in Taehyung's arms and pulls him in for a kiss.

"I love you," he says with a small smile, wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck.

His heart flutters as his smile widens into a grin. He loves Taehyung so much, and he doesn't think he'll ever stop reveling in how lucky he is.

Taehyung’s entire expression softens more than it probably has in decades.  Everything about Jungkook makes him feel so soft and endeared. He can hardly believe he lasted as long as he did

“I love you more,” he whispers, pressing a kiss to the very tip of Jungkook’s nose.

He smiles as he pecks his lips once before finally letting him go, so that he can sit down and eat his breakfast. But he doesn’t stray too far, taking the seat at the counter next to him, letting one hand slide over his thigh, up his back, in his hair.

Just happy to touch him at all, to feel his warm skin under his fingertips.

And he knows that he’s going to do everything in his power to protect him.

After confessing to Taehyung and spending an amazing night

day with him, Jungkook ends up staying a little bit longer. Neither of them seem to want to be apart, drawn together like magnets as they spend the weekend wrapped up in each other's arms.

They talk, Jungkook telling Taehyung all about the life he's lived until now. They hold hands and each other, taking comfort in each other's warmth. And they kiss a lot.

Part of Jungkook feels like he has to make up for lost time; that he needs to take advantage of every second he has with Taehyung. And so he kisses Taehyung with a desperation he didn't even know he had.

Moaning, he pushes Taehyung down onto the couch in between kisses, straddling his lap. And as soon as they part for air, he runs his fingers through Taehyung's hair and nips at his lower lip. "You hungry?" he asks, his voice low, his eyes dark.

Taehyung’s eyes flash to red, his hands sliding down Jungkook’s sides to hold his hips, licking his lips. Watching Jungkook straddle him, looking at him with dark eyes sends a pang of arousal straight to Taehyung’s gut.

Fuck, his soulmate is sexy.

“For you?” he answers, his fangs already extending and pressing into his bottom lip. “Always.”

Tilting his head up so he can catch Jungkook’s lips in another kiss, he grips his hips a little tighter, as heat pools in his gut at the thought of drinking from Jungkook again.

Jungkook shudders, his eyelids fluttering shut as he kisses Taehyung back. As he parts his lips, tongue slipping between Taehyung's, he feels a brush of fang and it makes him moan, turning his insides into putty.

Taehyung is so hot. So sexy and gorgeous and warm and wonderful.

And Jungkook loves him so much.

Brushing the tip of his tongue against Taehyung's fangs, he gasps into the kiss, heat burning through him just thinking about Taehyung's lips on his neck.

Taehyung growls into the kiss, sucking on Jungkook’s tongue slowly. When they part so Jungkook can catch his breath again, Taehyung starts to trail his kisses down his jawline to his neck, letting his fangs graze the skin lightly, loving how it makes him shudder on top of him.

Licking up the side of Jungkook’s neck, he brings one hand up to cup the nape of it, pulling him closer as he finally sinks his fangs into his skin.

Like every time, the taste of Jungkook’s blood makes Taehyung moan when it hits his tongue, makes him feel euphoric. He can’t help the growl that bubbles up his throat as he presses closer, sucking on his neck a little harder.

Jungkook's eyes roll back as a low moan builds in his throat. Tilting his head to give Taehyung better access, his body practically melts as he starts to lose himself to the sensation of being fed on.

And it's so fucking hot.

It hurts in all the right ways -- the kind that make his toes curl -- but it feels incredible too. Intimate and sensual.

(And he likes the little flashes of memories he gets too. Loves to see how he and Taehyung have loved each other for centuries.)

Taehyung holds Jungkook tightly, loves how pliant he gets, how he melts into him. As he drinks from him, he listens to his heartbeat, how it skips a beat when Taehyung’s tongue swipes against his skin.

He doesn’t take too much — knows he’s fed more over this weekend than he has in

at a time. And he definitely doesn’t want to get blood lust and go crazy, either.

“Taste so good, love,” Taehyung whispers as he slowly dips his fangs back into his neck, sucking slowly now, his free hand rubbing circles in his hip.

Jungkook groans, his lips parting and his head dropping back as he relaxes even further in Taehyung's embrace. "Feels so good," he whispers, his mind already fogging over with arousal as heat pools in his gut.

He can feel himself already getting hard, and he shamelessly grinds against Taehyung's stomach, his moans turning whiny and his breath shaky. "Mm, just like that--"

Fuck, Jungkook is so hot.

Taehyung loves that feeding from him turns him on so much. As he drinks a little more from him, he reaches one hand down to palm over his clothed cock, moaning when he feels Jungkook grinding against him, making his own cock twitch in interest.

Slowly pulling away too lick at the wounds, he dips his tongue in slightly, humming at the taste.

And he’s so invested in Jungkook that he doesn’t hear the passcode being put into his door, doesn’t hear the door even

“Delivery!” Jimin sings as he steps into his apartment before stopping dead in his tracks, eyes landing on Taehyung with Jungkook on his lap.

If Jungkook were any more turned on -- and at all shameless -- he would absolutely keep grinding against Taehyung's hand. Especially because it feels so good having Taehyung touching him.

And he doesn't want Taehyung to stop.

Luckily for Jimin, he immediately stills, his face flushing beat red as he looks over his shoulder. And then he immediately scrambles off Taehyung's lap, eyes wide and ears burning. "Oh my god--"

“Well,” Jimin says, eyebrows shooting up as he turns an accusing stare at Taehyung.

Taehyung licks the last of the blood from his lips as he sits up. He reaches for Jungkook, pulling him close to lick over the wound on his neck so it closes before he stands.

“Seems like you don’t really need my delivery now, do you?” Jimin asks, his tone amused as he raises his eyebrows and looks from Taehyung to Jungkook.

Taehyung sighs. “Jimin, this is Jungkook. Jungkook this is my Twilight loving neighbor, Jimin.”

Jungkook laughs, though it comes off a little strained (especially after Taehyung

sensually licked his neck, fuck

). "So you're the Twilight fan," he tries to tease, though he's not sure it comes across with how embarrassed he is.

Clearing his throat, he tries to rub the blush off his cheeks. "It's nice to meet you."

Jimin makes a sound of offense. “And your best friend, excuse you,” he says to Taehyun before turning back to Jungkook. “It’s nice to meet you, Jungkook. I’ve heard loads about you.”

He heads to the kitchen with his cooler to put the blood away in the fridge, disappearing from their sight momentarily. Taehyung leans forward to kiss over the marks on Jungkook’s neck, grinning at him cheekily, his fangs still showing.

“Guess I’ll have to change the passcode so we have some privacy,” he says, hand sliding down his back slowly. “You’re cute when you’re flustered.”

Jungkook giggles, leaning into Taehyung's touch as his blush deepens. "Oh yeah?" he asks, grinning cheekily.

Slowly, he shifts a little closer, his head tilting and his nose nudging against Taehyung's. And almost immediately, he forgets about Jimin in the kitchen as he captures Taehyung's lips in a slow kiss.

"Mmm. So, you talk about me?" he asks before kissing Taehyung again.

Taehyung kisses him back, the hand on Jungkook’s back slowly sliding down to grip his ass. “Of course I do,” he murmurs, nose nudging against Jungkook’s. “All the time.”

With another press of his lips to Jungkook’s, he pulls away and smiles, pinching his ass one more time before he heads to the kitchen where Jimin is shutting the fridge with a fresh stock of blood.

“I’ll transfer you the money tonight,” he tells him, patting his pockets. “I’m not sure where my phone is. I haven’t checked it all weekend.”

“I know, if you weren’t a vampire I would have been worried you were dead,” Jimin says with a roll of his eyes. “I texted you like thirty times.”

Jungkook stretches as he heads into the kitchen. But at the mention of phones, his eyes widen, his heart stilling in his chest.

"Oh my god, my phone," he says, scrambling out of the kitchen and into Taehyung's bedroom. He finds his phone in the back pocket of his pants, clinging to life at 2% battery. And his notifications are blowing up, so many texts from his hyungs asking where he is, if he's okay.

A thousand missed calls too, most of them from Seokjin.

Flushing, he scrambles back into the kitchen to plug his phone in before it dies.

While Taehyung and Jimin continue to bicker in the kitchen, Jungkook’s phone immediately starts going off again.

WHERE TF HAVE U BEEN

we have been worried sick jungkook 😭

you better not be hurt because I’m going to kick your ass when I see you for scaring us like that

srsly tho where tf are u?????

Jungkook can't help but laugh, his smile widening a bit at their concern. It's cute, he thinks, though maybe a little bit terrifying too. 

i went to my parents to tell them about me breaking off the engagement...

ended up at Taehyung's apartment??

for most of the weekend??

ohh hobohohooo 😏😏😏😏😏😏

: jin this is not the time

you could have at LEAST told us 😡

I should have seen this coming tbh 😪

Taehyung was a babe good for u jk get that dick

I hate this groupchat 

Taehyung moves to Jungkook as he texts his friends back, an arm sliding around his waist as he continues talking to Jimin.

Just wanting to be touching Jungkook, to be near him.

Jungkook leans into Taehyung's embrace, another laugh bubbling up his throat along with a blush. It's so comforting to have Taehyung so close, like a gentle reminder that they're in love.

That they have each other.

It makes his heart race.

im not getting any dick!!

im sorry i didnt respond i was uhh

anyway you wanna get bbq tonight?

that’s my boy (‘:

i’m also free but i’m also muting this chat now that I know Jungkook is alive

how was the dick game on a scale of 0-10

incredible dick game

see you tonight! 😘

Closing his phone, he sets it on the kitchen counter before turning his attention back to Taehyung. His cheeks are red, his smile wide, and he looks happy.

And he knows this is quite possibly the happiest he's ever been.

“I have a feeling you two would like some alone time so I’ll leave now,” Jimin says as he grabs his cooler from the counter. “But I expect a whole dinner or movie night or something soon. I wanna get to know my bestie’s soulmate.”

Taehyung rolls his eyes, but it’s fond, as he agrees while ushering Jimin out the door.

And as soon as the door clicks shut, Taehyung turns, eyes flashing red as they lock with Jungkook’s. In seconds, hes back in front of Jungkook, hands sliding down to grab his thighs and lift him up onto the counter behind him.

“Now where were we?” Taehyung hums as he trails kisses up Jungkook’s throat, hands sliding his thighs open wider to fit himself between them.

Jungkook gasps, his head spinning with desire as his heart leaps up into his throat. Arms wrapping around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him closer as his legs open wider. 

Just feeling Taehyung's lips on his neck is enough to send a spike of arousal thing him, his eyelids fluttering as he remembers exactly where they were before they were interrupted.

"Mm, you were making a meal out of me," he teases, fingers weaving through Taehyung's hair and tugging. 

Taehyung moans, loving how Jungkook tugs at his hair, how he teases and plays. He sucks a mark into Jungkook’s skin, hands sliding down to grip at his thighs, massaging them.

“You taste like heaven,” he murmurs before his fangs slowly sink back into Jungkook’s neck, his hands sliding around to grip at his ass and pull him closer, until he’s sitting at the edge of the counter.

He drinks only a little bit from him, taking his time to map out his body with his hands.

Jungkook moans, his head dropping back as a shudder rips up his spine. Wrapping his legs around Taehyung's waist, he pulls him even closer as his fingers tug even harder at his hair.

"Feels so good," he whispers, already feeling himself start to get hard again as Taehyung's touches stoke the burning embers in his stomach. It isn't long until they're going to be a raging fire, consuming him whole.

Taehyung wants to ravish Jungkook completely, wants to take him apart and spend hours worshipping his body. Feeling Jungkook’s legs around him, his fingers tugging at his hair is enough for arousal to course through him again.

He pulls out from his neck, watching with red eyes as a drop slides down his skin. Before it can reach his shirt, Taehyung leans in to lick it up, tongue sliding up his entire neck, over the wounds to close them.

“Fuck,” Taehyung whispers as he kisses up Jungkook’s jaw. “You’re perfect, love.”

Jungkook sighs, scratching gently at Taehyung's scalp as he melts in his arms. He's never felt this aroused -- this on edge -- from kissing before; never felt this desperate to be so close to someone else. 

To have Taehyung wrapped around him. 

"You're so perfect," he whispers, tilting his head to capture Taehyung's lips in a kiss. And a shudder rips through him again at the taste of himself on Taehyung's tongue. 

Groaning into the kiss, Taehyung presses closer, his grip on Jungkook’s ass tightening. To have been denied this for so, so long and finally get a taste is what heaven must be like.

Like the first time Taehyung met Jungkook again in his first reincarnation after his death.

He tastes like love and home and softness — he tastes like nostalgia and a hopeful future.

“Jungkook,” Taehyung whispers as he rests his forehead against his, eyes closing as his hands slide up his back slowly. “I love you.”

Jungkook's heart shudders violently as he leans into Taehyung's touch. Cheeks flushed and breath shallow, he grips Taehyung tighter, almost as if he's afraid he'll disappear. 

The emotions that surge through him at Taehyung's words make his head spin. And he finds himself addicted to the way he feels when they're together. Because he's never known love this strong and desire this hot. 

And it's overwhelming in a way that makes him feel safe and warm and whole. 

"I love you too," he whispers, cupping Taehyung's cheeks, thumbs brushing underneath his eyes.

He looks up at Jungkook, leaning into his touch as his eyes gloss over again. The overflow of love for Jungkook in every lifetime is pouring out of him and he can’t make it stop.

“Immortality may be hell,” he whispers, pressing a soft kiss to the inside of Jungkook’s wrist, “but time with you feels like the closest to heaven I’ll ever be.”

Wrapping his arms around Jungkook more, he lifts him from the counter, carrying him back over to the couch to lay him down on the pillows. Slowly, Taehyung hovers over him, leaning down to connect their lips in another slow and tender kiss.

One full of a dozen lifetimes worth of love.

Jungkook feels a lump form in his throat as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and pulls him closer. He wants every single inch of them to touch; wants to feel as much of Taehyung as he possibly can.

Because he thinks Taehyung feels like heaven too.

(And he wishes he had an eternity with Taehyung in this lifetime.)

Kissing Taehyung back, just as slowly and just as tenderly, he wraps his legs around Taehyung's waist as well. And as their tongues slide together and their hands wander, he lets himself get lost in this moment.

One he hopes lasts an eternity too.

Later that night, when it’s time for Jungkook to meet up with his hyungs, Taehyung drives him there. Partially because they’re running late since they spent their entire day wrapped up in each other, and partially because Taehyung wants to spend as much time as he possibly can with him.

“Have fun tonight,” Taehyung tells him, fingers brushing through Jungkook’s still damp hair from his shower earlier. “If you want me to drive you or your friends home later, just call me. I’ll be up.”

He smiles, leaning over the center console to peck Jungkook’s lips once.

Jungkook's heart flutters as he kisses Taehyung back, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. When Taehyung pulls back, he chases after him, kissing him again, this time a little bit deeper.

As much as he loves his hyungs -- and as excited as he is to get to see them and tell them all about the week he's just had -- his heart feels heavy at the thought of leaving Taehyung.

Not just because he's excited to spend time with Taehyung and get to know him in this lifetime, but because he knows they don't have a lot of time together. Curse or no curse, he'll grow old one day and pass on, while Taehyung will wait to meet him again. And he wants to make the most of their time together while he has it.

Pulling back, he sighs as he tilts his head up to kiss the tip of Taehyung's nose. "I love you," he says softly, grinning widely. "I'll text you later."

Taehyung smiles, nose scrunching when Jungkook kisses the tip of it. “Love you, too,” he breathes.

He waits until Jungkook is inside the restaurant before he leaves, and the smile on his lips never dims.

Inside the restaurant, Namjoon, Yoongi and Seokjin are already seated at a table waiting for Jungkook, going over the menu on what to order.

“Hey look, it’s our long lost friend,” Namjoon teases with a dimpled grin when he sees him approaching the table. “Long time no see.”

Jungkook laughs, his smile widening even more as he practically skips toward their table. "It hasn't been that long," he says, plopping down on his chair with an extra bounce.

"Well, on top of the week of sick time you took, it's practically been an eternity," Yoongi points out, though he's smiling as well.

Seokjin waggles his eyebrows as he leans an elbow on the table. “Okay, enough small talk,” he says, waving the other two off when they try to speak again. “How’s the dick game?”

Namjoon and Yoongi groan in unison. Namjoon throws a piece of lettuce at Seokjin.

“It’s dinner time, Hyung. We don’t wanna hear the intimate details of Jungkook’s sex life.”

“Well I do!” Seokjin says, sticking his tongue out. Before turning back to Jungkook with expectant eyes. “So?”

Jungkook's heart twists and turns in his chest as his ears burn and his cheeks stain red. Though through his visible embarrassment, he's still laughing.

Thinking about Taehyung has that effect on him. And so do his hyungs.

"Dick game is bomb," he teases, propping his chin up in the palm of his hand as Yoongi made a face. "I mean, we haven't had sex-sex, but... we definitely fooled around. And it was the best I've ever had."

Granted, he's only been with two people (Taehyung and Sungmin), but still.

Seokjin sighs proudly, a wide grin on his face as he sits back against his chair. “You know what, I expected that,” he says with a nod. “He looked dark and broody but like, he had big dick energy.”

Namjoon chokes on his water, sputtering and coughing as Yoongi makes a noise of offense when some lands on him.

“What? It’s true,” he says with a shrug. “Good for you, Kook. You deserve some good dick.”

Jungkook laughs even harder, his face burning so bright he's sure it'll be permanent. But he doesn't care. 

Because he's so happy. 

The happiest he's ever been.

"Thanks, hyung," he says, sighing dreamily as he remembers the way Taehyung's hands felt on him. "I also... I'm just so in love. He makes me feel so good without even trying."

“In love?” Seokjin asks, sitting up a little more straight.

Namjoon smiles softly at Jungkook from across the table. “I’m proud of you for doing what you need to be happy,” he tells him. “For putting yourself first.”

“Yeah, you have a lot of shit to fill us in on,” Yoongi adds. “I could tell you were in love when we met him that night. You’ve never looked at Sungmin the way you looked at Taehyung.”

The mention of Sungmin sends a jolt of pain in Jungkook's heart. Signing, he runs his hands through his hair before offering a small smile in return. 

"Breaking up with Sungmin was the hardest thing I've ever done. It hurt so much," he says, his smile slipping at the memory. Truthfully, he thinks his heart is going to hurt for a while. 

But, with Taehyung... it feels easier. Like he can breathe again. 

Like he's headed down the right path. 

"I'm not used to putting myself first. But... I'm so happy." And slowly, his smile grows until he's grinning again. "I've never been this happy before..."

Namjoon pats his hand sympathetically. “You did the right thing, for both of you,” he says gently. “I’m really proud of you.”

“Me too,” Yoongi says. “So, let’s talk more about this Taehyung guy. He seemed fine but… is he like, I don’t know, involved in shady shit or something? The job manual career felt a bit weird.”

Jungkook takes Namjoon's hand and squeezes it as he laughs at Yoongi's comment. Which is right on the money, though Taehyung isn't so much shady as he is supernatural. And while he could easily explain that to his hyungs, he wants Taehyung to be here to explain that with him. 

"He is a tech writer but he's good at saving. He just likes working from home," he says, which is all true. Kind of. "He has an amazing apartment though. And I met his friend, Jimin, who lives next to him." His flush deepens remembering how he and Jimin met. "And he's just, really sweet and funny. And loves me so much..."

More than he could ever explain. 

“And he gives him the good dicking in bed,” Seokjin adds with a wink, making the other two groan again and push at him until he’s cackling.

Yoongi orders for their table, the food coming out to cook in the pan in the center of the table.

“As long as he treats you well and you’re happy, that's all I care about,” he tells him with a shrug.

“Yeah, agreed,” Namjoon says. “You look happy and that’s the Jungkook that I like to see the most. You putting yourself first gave you back a glow I don’t think you realized you lost.”

Jungkook feels a lump form in his throat as he looks around at his hyungs. His heart feels squeezes tight in his chest. And if he hadn't spent a good portion of the weekend crying tears of joy in Taehyung's arms, he's sure he would cry now. 

"Thank you," he says with a soft smile. "I didn't realize how much I was putting others first until you. Your support is everything to me..."

The hyungs all smile softly at him, proud and fond of their younger friend. Seokjin orders a round of soju for their table and they cheers to Jungkook’s happiness while Yoongi cooks the dakgalbi for them.

“So, what’s next for Jungkook?” Seokjin asks as he pours him another shot. “Taking it slow with dark and broody or are you guys getting married? Since you’re already in love.”

Namjoon smiles as he looks at Jungkook curiously.

Jungkook's eyes widen, his heart practically exploding at the thought of marrying Taehyung. At having forever with his soulmate. 

But... they can't have forever. Or, at least he can't. 

"I think it might be too soon for a wedding," he says with a laugh, rubbing at the blush on his cheeks. "We haven't even been on a date!"

Rubbing at his cheeks, he laughs sheepishly. "So probably taking it slow-ish." Or as slow as they possibly can. I mean, they did make out a lot and get each other off multiple times after their first kiss.

Seokjin smiles as he prepares another round of shots for them all. Between eating and drinking, they talk about all kinds of stuff.

Taehyung, Jungkook’s newest comic, the drama that might be made from Jungkook’s comic.

And it’s nice, fun.

No one brings up Sungmin again or asks about him, mostly because they can tell that it still hurts for Jungkook to talk about. 

“So does Taehyung have cute friends or not?” Seokjin asks, words slurred by the alcohol. “You met one, right? Is he all dark and broody and sexy too?”

Jungkook laughs, his face flushed and his cheeks hurting from the intensity of his grin. "I only met his one friend, Jimin, but he's super cute!" he says, playfully slapping Seokjin's arm before looking at Yoongi and Namjoon and wiggling his eyebrows.

"We should all get together! And hang out-- Oh! That would be so much fun!"

Reaching into his pocket, he grabs his phone and starts texting Taehyung.

our friends should have a date!!

it WOuld be soofun 

😊😊😊😍🥰🥰😘😘😘💜💜💜

And sure, I’m sure Jimin would enjoy a… large date.

Seokjin is laughing, leaning into Yoongi for balance as he does. “Yessss! A big hang out, let’s do it!” He claps as he starts cheering, which makes Yoongi shove a bunch of chicken into his mouth.

“Well, I’m not opposed…” Namjoon says quietly, puckering his lips in a little pout. “Especially if his friend is cute…”

Jungkook's laughter fades into a grin as he leans against Namjoon, giving him a too-tight side hug. "We're gonna find all the cute friends for you, Joonie," he says happily, settling against Namjoon's side with a happy sigh.

ok!!! 😍😍😍😍😍😭😍😍😍😍

my friendssswanna meet ur qute frens

omg ok dont tell teTe but

drrunk 🤫🤫🤫🤫

I won’t tell your Tete that you’re drunk.

Will you be needing a ride home tonight?

Yoongi knocks back a shot and sighs as the alcohol burns his throat. “Does he have more than one friend because I wouldn’t mind a cute friend, too.”

“Why do you need one?” Seokjin yells, face flushed. “I’m right here!”

The table is silent for a moment.

“Hyung, what?” Namjoon snorts.

Jungkook's eyes widen, Taehyung's texts forgotten as he looks between Yoongi and Seokjin. "Does hyung have a crush?" he asks, a sly grin tugging at the corners of his lips as he reaches across the table to tug at Seokjin's hand.

Seokjin sputters at the insinuation, a noise of offense coming up from his throat. “On Yoongi? No!” he shouts, too loud, making others at the tables around them glance over. Yoongi’s face flushes with embarrassment. “I’m just saying, you have a cute friend, but

the one lacking a cute friend.”

“Ya, are you calling us ugly?” Yoongi grumbles, which makes Namjoon snort again.

Jungkook bursts out laughing, though after a few seconds realization seems to hit him and his eyes widen again.

"Wait, we're not ugly!" he whines, an overexaggerated pout forming on his lips as he smacks Seokjin playfully. "We're super cute!"

Pulling out his phone with a huff, he starts texting Taehyung again.

😭😭😭😭😭😭

not cUTe???? 😭😭😭😭😭

am i cutete?????? 😭😭😭😭😭

You are the most beautiful human on this entire planet. Does Seokjin need his eyes checked?

Namjoon and Yoongi both shove at and slap Seokjin’s arm and shoulder while the older cackles.

“I think we should get the cute friends and Seokjin should be alone since he’s his own cute friend,” Namjoon says and Yoongi nods in agreement.

“I asked first!” Seokjin pouts.

Jungkook laughs, smacking Seokjin again playfully. "That's what you get for saying we aren't cute," he huffs, sticking his tongue out at Seokjin before turning back to his phone.

And maybe he's blushing at Taehyung's texts, his smile widening.

yes heDOes!!! 😭😭

than yu tete your so beautyfull too

i miss youuuuu 🥺🥺

I miss you more, my beloved

Call me when you and your friends finish. I’ll drive you all home.

“Well I get dibs on the cutest one,” Seokjin says with a loud scoff before he’s elbowed by Yoongi. “I’m the most handsome at this table I deserve some arm candy!”

“Please, you look like someone’s pampered sugar baby,” Yoongi retorts.

“I would be an amazing sugar baby,” Seokjin sighs.

“What the fuck,” Namjoon mutters, bringing his beer to his lips.

Jungkook laughs, hugging his phone to his chest as he leans against Namjoon's side. "You would be an amazing sugar baby, hyung," he teases, his grin fading into a fond smile.

Taehyung's so romantic. So sweet.

And he loves him so much.

"I'll make sure Taehyungie brings all of his cute friends."

Seokjin cheers loudly, knocking a glass of soju over onto Yoongi, who sighs and glares at him in response. They spend the next hour drinking and laughing, having fun and teasing Jungkook about his new boyfriend.

And they drink entirely too much soju and beer.

By the time they’re leaving, they’re stumbling around, Namjoon and Seokjin holding each other to try and keep steady. Yoongi seems like he’s in control of himself physically, but when he opens his mouth, all bets are off on what’s going to come out.

Jungkook, of course, sends Taehyung a barely cohesive text that's more gibberish than anything. But Taehyung responds as if he understood and says he'll be there soon.

Clinging to Yoongi's arm, Jungkook can't stop giggling, his face beet red as they wait for Taehyung. And as soon as Taehyung's car pulls up, he gasps, jumping up and down excitedly before tugging his friends over.

"Taehyungie's here!" he cheers before bursting into another fit of giggles.

Taehyung gets out of the car when he spots the drunk group of friends, and before he can really greet them, he’s got an armful of Jungkook. He can’t help but smile, though, endeared by his flushed face and giggles.

“It’s the big dick guy!” Seokjin cheers while Namjoon shushes him and slaps his mouth too hard on accident to try and cover it.

“Excuse me?” Taehyung answers, confused.

Yoongi wobbles forward and pats Taehyung’s shoulder before wordlessly sliding into the backseat of the car.

Jungkook laughs even harder, his cheeks flushing as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck. "Jinnie!" he whines, reaching over to smack him (weakly) on the chest. Turning toward Taehyung, he pulls him closer, his cheeks burning red but his grin ever-present. "Shh, ignore him, baby."

Giggling, he presses his finger to Taehyung's lips.

Taehyung’s eyebrows furrow but Jungkook is being so cute that he can’t really dwell on it for too long. He gently cups Jungkook’s alcohol flushed cheeks and presses a kiss to the tip of his nose.

“Alright, get in and I’ll get you guys home,” Taehyung says, motioning for the others to join Yoongi in the backseat while he helps Jungkook into the front seat.

“I live closest to here,” Yoongi informs them, rattling off his address for Taehyung to put into the GPS.

Jungkook's grin is wide and sleepy as he leans against the center console, taking one of Taehyung's hands so he can press little kisses against it happily.

"I've never felt so single," Yoongi grumbles as he makes himself comfortable.

Jungkook laughs, looking up at Taehyung adoringly. "You should drop me off last. And then you can spend the night," he whisper yells, thinking he's being discreet. (He isn't.)

Taehyung glances at him with nothing short of fondness, turning his hand to gently hold Jungkook’s, fingers lacing together.

It doesn’t take long before they’re dropping Yoongi off, him letting out a gruff goodbye as he stumbles out of the car. Seokjin yells bye to him over Namjoon, who looks a little green in the face.

Seokjin’s place is next, and Taehyung glances at Jungkook with a smile on his lips as he drives down the highway.

“I don’t feel good,” Namjoon moans from the backseat, slumping over Seokjin.

Jungkook smiles warmly at Taehyung, hiccuping a little bit before bursting into a fit of giggles. Glancing backward, he reaches back to pat Namjoon's leg.

"Poor Joonie. Don't be sick," he says, though that doesn't do much to help.

“Should I pull over or—“

“Oh god,” Seokjin yells just before Namjoon vomits all over the floor of the backseat. “Oh my

The smell immediately becomes overpowering and soon, Seokjin is also gagging while Namjoon cries drunkenly.

“Jesus Christ,” Taehyung whispers, rolling all of the windows down to try and let everyone breathe without inducing more vomit.

“I’ll take Joonie upstairs and he can stay over at mine,” Seokjin says when they pull up in front of his building. “Gross.”

Jungkook's stomach rolls at the smell, and as they pull up to Taehyung's apartment, he reaches back to swat at Seokjin's leg. "Bring some towels down!" he huffs, pouting as he smacks Seokjin's leg again.

"I don't want Taetae to break up with me!"

“It’s alright,” Taehyung says, knowing damn well he’s going to have the inside of his car detailed tomorrow. “Just get him inside and get him some water.”

Namjoon tries to apologize but he looks out of it as Seokjin hauls him out of the car.

Taehyung does pull off to a gas station almost as soon as they leave from Seokjin’s apartment, and he makes Jungkook drink a bottle of water while he uses paper towels to clean up the disgusting mess in his back seat — at least as much as he possibly can using what he has available to him.

He also makes an appointment on his phone for someone to come pick up his car in the morning and take it to be cleaned.

“How are you feeling, Jungkook?” Taehyung asks as he comes up next to him to run a hand through his hair. The car doors are all open, letting the car air out a bit.

Jungkook sighs, leaning into Taehyung's touch as he caps off the now-empty water bottle. Without his friends here -- and after Namjoon's accident -- he's feeling a little bit more sober. Though he's definitely going to have a hangover in the morning. 

And he's supposed to go into work...

"I'm feeling a little better," he hums, looking up at Taehyung with a fond smile. "Sorry about your car... I'll pay you back for the detailing."

“Don’t worry about it,” Taehyung murmurs, tucking some of his hair behind his ear for him. “Come on, let’s get you home.”

Pressing a chaste kiss to Jungnkook’s forehead, Taehyung pulls him back to the car, driving the rest of the way to Jungkook’s building with the windows still down.

When they arrive, Taehyung helps Jungkook to his apartment, wants to make sure he drinks enough water and washes up before crawling into bed. It takes a little coaxing to help him change into sweatpants and to drink some water, but twenty minutes later, Taehyung is tucking a sleepy and still tipsy Jungkook into bed.

Jungkook sighs as he relaxes on his bed, his heart fluttering even as his head spins. Taehyung's so sweet, he thinks. The perfect soulmate. 

And he loves him so much. 

"Are you gonna stay the night?" he asks, his hand taking Taehyung's hand and squeezing it tight. 

Taehyung smiles softly, pulling his hand up to press a soft kiss to his knuckles. “Of course,” he murmurs, shrugging out of his jacket.

He climbs into Jungkook’s bed over him, settling behind him so he can wrap his arms around him, pulling him close.

“You’re cute when you’re drunk,” he murmurs, lips against the nape of his neck. He presses a soft kiss there, nuzzling his nose into his hair.

Jungkook sighs, his eyes fluttering closed as he leans back into Taehyung's arms. It feels so warm and comfortable like this; so perfect and warm.

Giggling quietly, his smile softens as he tilts his head, giving Taehyung more room to kiss and touch. "Would you still be saying that if I'd thrown up in your car?" he teases, laughing a little bit harder.

Taehyung’s laugh rumbles against Jungkook’s skin, his arms tightening around him. “I would still think you’re cute if you vomited in my car,” he tells him sincerely. “You could vomit on me and I would still think you’re perfect.”

He presses a kiss to his neck again, his eyes fluttering shut as he holds Jungkook close.

“Namjoon, though? Not so much.”

Jungkook laughs harder, his heart fluttering even more as he covers Taehyung's arms with his own, pulling him closer. "Sorry Joonie hyung," he teases as he relaxes even more in Taehyung's hold.

"I'll be sure to throw up on you next time I get sick."

Taehyung laughs again, pressing his nose against the crook of Jungkook’s neck, breathing in his scent. Even with the alcohol in his system, he still smells like his Jungkook.

“I’ll take care of you when you’re sick,” he murmurs against his skin. “Don’t want you to be alone if you’re suffering at all.”

Jungkook grips Taehyung's arms even tighter, his smile widening. And even though he's exhausted from the alcohol, he can't help the excitement that thrums through him just being this close to Taehyung.

"I'll take care of you when you're sick too," he whispers as he slowly starts to doze off. "I'll be here whenever you feel sad or bad."

Taehyung doesn’t have the heart to tell Jungkook that he doesn’t get sick, thanks to vampirism. Instead, he smiles and presses another soft kiss to his skin.

“When I’m with you, I’m never sad or feeling bad,” he whispers, lips brushing up to kiss his head gently.

He holds him as he falls asleep, not moving, holding him close. And even when Jungkook starts to snore, he only smiles and holds him closer, letting his own eyes close, too, just listening to Jungkook’s breathing and snoring.

“I love you, Jungkookie.”

Jungkook doesn't think he's ever been so in love.

he's never been so in love.

And of course, it makes sense. Taehyung is his soulmate; they were literally made for each other. But even with that knowledge aside, he's never felt so comfortable, so happy, or so warm around another person.

He loves the way his heart flutters when they're together.. The way butterflies erupt in his stomach in a swarm whenever Taehyung smiles at him or kisses him gently.

He loves the way their hands fit together and the way that Taehyung makes him laugh so easily.

But, most of all, he loves Taehyung.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him in for another kiss as they stand in his doorway. Taehyung's arms wrap around his waist and he grins, nipping playfully at his lower lip.

"Are you sure you can't spend the night?" Taehyung whispers into the kiss, making Jungkook shiver.

"Yeah. I have to be up early tomorrow," Jungkook hums, slowly pulling back from the kiss with a grin. "But I'll see you tomorrow night, okay?"

Taehyung pulls him in for one last kiss before finally letting him go. And as Jungkook steps back, he grins teasingly, his heart rocketing up into his throat as his eyes lock with Taehyungs. And he wants nothing more than to slip back into Taehyung's arms and kiss him until the sun comes up.

Wants to make his home in Taehyung's bed and soak up every moment he can.

But tomorrow night -- tomorrow night he'll be back. And tomorrow night, he can sink into Taehyung's embrace.

After they say their good-byes -- after Taehyung's door finally closes -- Jungkook starts to make the journey home. The city's dark, only the stars and moon lighting his path, but there's a peace in the quiet and emptiness, especially as his head fills with thoughts of Taehyung.

Until he hears something move behind him, the sound ringing in his ears and making him tense up. But before he can stop -- before he can turn around -- he finds a knife pressed up against his throat.

"I've been waiting for this moment," a voice hisses in his ear, ripping a shudder down his spine. But before Jungkook can register another word, he feels a pain against his throat, and something warm and wet slipping down his chest.

Jungkook gasps as he shoots up in bed, his hands immediately flying up to touch his neck. His stomach rolls as he remembers the feeling of his own blood dripping down his throat; soaking his clothes and skin. But he finds nothing there -- only perfect, smooth skin.

Tearing his sheets off the bed, he feels a hard lump burn behind his throat as he remembers the visceral fear and pain. And as shaking hands grab his phone and call Taehyung's number, he feels tears slipping down his cheeks.

Taehyung is in the middle of drinking a blood bag and watching some new horror series on Netflix when his phone lights up with a call from Jungkook. Eyebrows furrowing in worry, he grabs it and answers immediately.

“Jungkook? Are you alright?” he asks, but all he can hear are sobs on the other end.

His entire body feels like ice, fear flooding through him, wondering if Jungkook is hurt somewhere. If he’s been harmed.

Keeping him on the line, he tries to gently calm him down as he takes off running toward Jungkook’s apartment. He doesn’t even bother with his car, knows he’s faster if he just runs there directly using his vampire speed.

“Hang on, beloved,” Taehyung murmurs softly to him. “I’m almost to your place. Can you let me in? Hm?”

Jungkook nods, even though Taehyung can't see him, another sob ripping itself from his throat as he stumbles out of bed and into his living room. "Taehyungie," is all he manages to choke out as he grips the phone tighter, his heart

He can still feel the knife against his throat; the blood cascading down his neck. He can still feel the fear inside of him, twisting his heart and stomach up into knots.

Unlocking his front door, he huddles near it as he waits for Taehyung. Too afraid to move.

Taehyung is there within minutes, pulling the door open and finding Jungkook huddled against the wall next to it. His heart breaks, seeing his lover looking so afraid, almost as if he’s

“Jungkook,” he breathes in relief that he’s physically not harmed, letting the door fall shut behind him. He kneels down in front of him, his cool fingers gently reaching for him, pulling him into his arms. “Oh thank god you’re okay.”

He pulls him onto his lap, wraps his arms completely around him, one hand cradling his head against his shoulder.

“Shh, it’s okay now, love,” Taehyung murmurs into his hair, pressing kisses to his head. “You’re okay. I won’t let anything happen to you.”

Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung, holding him close as he cries, partly from fear but also from relief.

Because he feels so safe in Taehyung's arms.

And it feels so grounding, slowly bringing him back down to reality.

He cries into Taehyung's shirt until he can't cry anymore; until he starts to calm down enough to shake some of the worst of his dream. And as he holds Taehyung tight, he tilts his head up to look at him. "I was so scared," he whispers, blinking away a few lasting tears.

Taehyung brings one hand up to wipe his tears away with his thumb, his other arm tightening around him. Slowly and carefully, he lefts Jungkook and carries him to the couch so they can settle down comfortably, pulling a knitted blanket over him.

“What happened?” he asks in a whisper, cupping his cheeks and kissing the tip of his nose. “Nightmare?”

Jungkook nods, sniffling as he melts in Taehyung's hold. "It felt so real," he whispers, trying so hard to shake the images still burned into his brain; the feeling of the cold steel against his throat.

"I had a dream about us. We were so happy and -- and, at the end, I... died..."

Just saying it out loud makes a shiver rip up his spine and his hold on Taehyung tightens.

Taehyung tenses underneath him, his own mind supplying him with horrible images of past deaths he’s had to see, witness, find… He holds Jungkook tighter.

He presses a soft kiss to his forehead, trying to soothe him. Trying to soothe himself, too. Remind himself that he’s here, alive in his arms, and that things are okay for now.

“What happened in it?” he whispers, carding his fingers through Jungkook’s blonde locks, massaging his scalp.

Jungkook sighs, his eyes fluttering closed. And the images are back, though it's a little bit easier to handle them now that Taehyung's here, holding him tight.

(Though just remembering the feeling of having his throat slit--)

"Um, we were together. Kissing. You lived somewhere different, I dunno where--" It felt like a different time, now that he thinks about it. "And after I left, someone..." Swallowing around the lump in his throat, he squeezes Taehyung closer. "Someone slit my throat."

It sounds so gruesome saying it out loud. But he flushes a little bit at how graphic his dream was. "I'm sorry, it's so stupid, but it felt so real..."

Taehyung sucks in a sharp breath.

He remembers that night vividly.

He can remember his then humble home — a life where he was wealthy, but liked to keep to himself quietly. Most of the country wasn’t as well off, so even if he had money compared to most, it was a modest living.

Taehyung remembers them kissing, remembers their day spent in the park having a picnic in the sunny weather. He remembers spending an evening together with wine and kisses and slow dancing in his living room.

And he remembers when he got the call.

When he had to identify Jungkook’s body.

Wetting his lips, Taehyung slowly pulls Jungkook even closer, wanting to protect him from those terrible memories.

“That’s—“ he starts, but swallows, unsure how to tell him. “That’s because… it was real. In a different lifetime.”

Jungkook stiffens in Taehyung's arms, his eyes widening and his heart stopping in his chest. That was real?

He's seen so many memories from other lifetimes with Taehyung, but until now, all of them have been happy.

Beautiful and warm and perfect.

And part of this memory was too, but...

Looking up at Taehyung, his eyes begin to burn as he cups Taehyung's cheeks. Because as terrifying as that was for him, he can only imagine how scary it was for Taehyung. "Oh, Tae," he whispers, blinking a few more tears out of his eyes as his heart aches even more in his chest.

It aches for himself -- for all the lives he never got to finish -- but it aches for Taehyung more.

"I'm... I'm so sorry I left you."

“Jungkook, no,” Taehyung says, pushing his bangs back from his forehead, locking his gaze with his. “Don’t be sorry. You didn’t do anything wrong, you didn’t — it’s not your fault.”

He leans in to rest his forehead against Jungkook’s, nuzzling their noses together ever so slightly, his fingers sliding up Jungkook’s spine slowly, comfortingly.

“I’m sorry you had to remember something so traumatic,” he whispers, pressing kisses into his face anywhere his lips can reach. “That was… that was our last life together. Until now.”

Jungkook's heart aches even more as he brushes his fingers along Taehyung's cheeks. "Our last lifetime?" he asks quietly, tears slipping down his cheeks just at the thought.

That memory feels so long ago; from a time Jungkook can't even recognize. And he's sure he's lived a few lifetimes since then, but to know that he and Taehyung were separated for so long hurts.

"I never found you until now?"

Taehyung offers a small smile and shakes his head. “We ran into each other,” he says softly. “In your life after that, you were married with a child.”

He rubs his back slowly, trying to comfort him, kissing his tears away.

“We saw each other at a park, but I didn’t let you meet me again,” he tells him. “I… I wanted you to live a full life. I wanted you to grow old and die of natural causes. To have an ordinary and happy life.”

His hands slide down again, arms wrapping fully around him again.

“And in your last life, you were happy, even without me. I saw you from a distance.”

Jungkook chokes out a sob as he cups Taehyung's cheeks, fingers slipping into his hair. And slowly, he feels his heart crack at the thought of Taehyung living so long by himself.

Watching him live out his life from the sidelines.

It hurts knowing that they weren't always together. And somehow that scares him more than dying.

"I... Before I met you in this life, I was happy too," he whispers, nuzzling his nose against Taehyung's as he blinks away tears from his eyes. "But it always felt like my heart was never whole. Like -- like I was waiting for something. Someone."

Laughing quietly, he tries to soothe his own aching heart as he melts into Taehyung's touch.

"Finding you made me whole again. And the happiness I know now is so pure and beautiful that I don't know how I survived without it." Without you. "The ones you never found, I'm... I'm sure they felt the same way."

Taehyung swallows, his own eyes turning glassy as he looks up at Jungkook, tucking his blonde hair behind his ear. His heart aches, just like it used to.

“I know… that you weren’t as happy as you could have been,” he whispers, caressing his cheek softly. “But you were happy enough. You got to live.”

He lets out a shaky breath as he pulls him in to hug him tightly again, nose burying into his skin.

“I was scared. I’m still scared.” His grip tightens. “Losing you… it’s the most painful thing I’ve endured. And I didn’t — I didn’t want to endure it. I had no choice.”

Jungkook chokes out another sob as he hugs Taehyung tighter, needing to be cradled in his arms. Needing to feel how real this moment is.

"I know," he whispers, his voice tight as he cries into Taehyung's shoulder. "I'm... I'm sorry for being selfish in this life. I don't want to hurt you again--" His hold on Taehyung tightens. "But I'm -- I'm gonna try so hard to say by your side. I'll fight death itself to be with you."

Taehyung holds him closer, until there is no space between them. He buried his nose in Jungkook’s hair and inhales his comforting scent, his eyes fluttering shut, burning as a few tears escape from them.

“I don’t want to even leave you for a moment,” he whispers, hands sliding up Jungkook’s shirt to press against his warm skin. To remind himself that this is real. “I’ll protect you with my life.”

He pulls back just enough to kiss Jungkook’s forehead again, letting his lips linger there.

“The man who did that to you… I slaughtered him after I found out,” Taehyung whispers darkly. “I am a monster, Jungkook. I’ll never hurt you, but for you, I would kill anyone.”

Jungkook brushes his fingers through Taehyung's hair before cupping his cheeks, bringing his head down to brush their noses together. Sniffling, he blinks away a few tears before looking into Taehyung's eyes.

"Taehyung, you're not a monster," he whispers, nuzzling his nose against Taehyung's. And maybe the thought of Taehyung killing anyone should terrify him, but... it doesn't. Nothing about Taehyung could ever scare him. "You're not a monster, you're -- you're just hurting."

Taehyung leans into Jungkook’s every touch, like a man starved of affection. And he is — he’s spent decades alone. Even before Jimin forced his way into his life.

“I would do anything to keep you safe,” he whispers, eyes fluttering shut as he breathes Jungkook’s calming scent in deeply. “I won’t let what happened in the past happen again.”

Jungkook nods, tilting his head to capture Taehyung's lips in a slow gentle kiss. "I'm never going to let it happen either," he whispers, fingers brushing along Taehyung's cheeks, teasing his hair.

"I'm getting a whole life with you, Kim Taehyung."

Taehyung finally seems to relax, pulling Jungkook down against his chest, kissing the top of his head and carding his fingers through his hair.

“A whole life with Jeon Jungkook,” he hums with a smile tugging at his lips. “Now that sounds like a good dream.”

Jungkook giggles, kissing Taehyung anywhere his lips can reach. Just hearing the smile in Taehyung's voice makes him relax as well. Because it's hard to feel scared when he and Taehyung are together.

"I'm going to make it a reality," he teases, pressing another kiss into Taehyung's skin.

Taehyung smiles a little wider, tangling their legs together, fingers pressing into his bare skin on his back. He can feel the last tendrils of anxiety melting away as Jungkook kisses his skin. As he relaxes, too.

“Okay,” he whispers, nuzzling his nose into his hair. “Let’s make it a reality. I want to grow old with you.”

Even if he knows he can’t, just getting to spend that many years with Jungkook would be as close to achieving his dreams from centuries ago as possible.

And he could live with that.

Taehyung is a creature of habit, an introvert. A homebody, as Jimin often calls him.

But somehow, Jung Hoseok has found himself inside his apartment, planting himself down on the couch like he’s not even remotely uncomfortable. Taehyung sighs, letting the door fall shut as he follows Hoseok to sit on the other side of his couch.

“Thanks for having me,” Hoseok says as he gets comfortable, pulling his legs up onto the couch.

Taehyung’s eyes narrow. “You invited yourself over.”

“Eh, same thing,” Hoseok says with a shrug as he waves a hand dismissively. “You haven’t come out to an outing in a bit and I was worried about you. Gotta keep an eye on my best employees, after all.”

Taehyung rolls his eyes slightly, but he’s not really annoyed. Hoseok is high energy, but he is very kind. And Taehyung supposes he could get out more… or get more friends.

As if on cue, Taehyung's front door swings open, Jimin walking in with a bag of takeout in his arms. He's grinning wide, a little spring in his step, but as soon as he sees Hoseok, he practically trips over his own feet in surprise.

"Uh, hi," he says, his cheeks flushing red as he sets his takeout down and tries to pretend like he didn't almost fall on his face. Glancing over at Taehyung, he's torn between horror, confusion, and amusement. "I didn't know you had other friends..."

Taehyung purses his lips. “I don’t really think I would call him a—“

“Jung Hoseok, nice to meet you,” Hoseok cuts in with a bright, beaming smile. “I’m Taehyung’s boss and friend.”

“What?” Taehyung deadpans.

“Oh yeah, he invited me over for the first time tonight.”

“He invited himself over,” Taehyung corrects flatly.

Jimin bursts out laughing, playfully smacking Taehyung's arm. "Isn't that the only way to hang out with you?" he asks with a teasing grin. "When's the last time you actually invited me over?"

Mostly he just comes over whenever he feels like it. Turning toward Hoseok, his grin widens. "Nice to meet you, I'm Park Jimin, Taehyung's only other friend."

“He’s so moody, isn’t he?” Hoseok teases as he and Jimin laugh, watching as a pout grows on Taehyung’s lips. “So difficult to be friends with him sometimes.”

“I didn’t ask you to be…” Taehyung grumbles sulkily.

Hoseok kicks his thigh playfully. “I think we were just about to pick a movie to watch if you’re interested in a movie night?” he asks, turning back to Jimin with a hopeful smile.

Jimin grabs his takeout and hopes over the back of the couch with a grin. "Sounds good to me," he says, opening his bag and grabbing a bunch of takeout containers. "You hungry? I always bring extra even though Mr. Grumpy over there doesn't eat."

Stiffening, his eyes widen as he looks from Hoseok to Taehyung.

"Because he's... you know, on a diet."

Is his ass sweating?

“Hoseok knows what I am, Jimin,” Taehyung tells him, while Hoseok gives Jimin a very amused look.

“But even if he is on a diet,” Hoseok plays along with a grin, “I’m certainly not. What have you got here?”

As they start digging into the food together, Taehyung can’t help the small smile on his lips as he finds his home filled with sounds and laughter of others that accept him for him. It’s been so long that he’s truly forgotten what that feels like.

“Oooh, they have all the Twilight movies on Netflix?” Hoseok says excitedly as Taehyung scrolls while they eat. “I’m such a Team Jacob it’s not even

Jimin gasps, his eyes widening as he smacks Hoseok's leg in surprise. "You like Twilight too?!" he asks, shock quickly fading into delight. 

"I've had to force Taehyung to watch it so many times! But he's tasteless and can't appreciate how good it is."

“They're my favorite movies, hello?” Hoseok’s  love is rising with excitement as he puts the first movie on. “Cinematic masterpieces, truly.”

Taehyung makes a face as they keep talking about their shared love of Twilight, pulling out his phone to text Jungkook.

I’m being subjected to torture

I have friends over and they both love Twilight and are making me watch it… Again

Jungkook returns Taehyung's texts almost immediately, though no one would be surprised at that. Though Hoseok and Jimin are gushing about Twilight as they start up the movie, unaware of Taehyung's obvious annoyance.

no offence to your friends, but

those movies aren't good??

this is what I’m saying.

Do you think they would notice if I left and went to visit you instead

I want to cuddle 🥺

i mean, if they're arguing about team jason vs team eric or whatever then

i could also come over there!

Taehyung glances up at Hoseok and Jimin who seem completely oblivious to their surroundings. He could easily sneak out and they wouldn’t even notice.

They seem pretty into each other, anyway.

I think I should go to you

strangely, I feel like I’m a third wheel in my own home

Also fuck these movies I can’t do this again

I’m on my way, beloved 🖤

beloved 😊😊😊😊

i'll see you soon, love!

It turns out, it really

easy to sneak out. Hoseok and Jimin find themselves in an excited and intense conversation about the Twilight universe and Taehyung simply walks out the door.

He takes his car to Jungkook’s, driving along the less busy streets, and parks nearby before heading to his building.

It takes less than twenty minutes from the last text before Taehyung is ringing Jungkook’s door bell, leaning against the frame with a small smile on his lips when he opens the door for him.

“Good evening, beloved,” he murmurs, pressing a soft kiss to his cheek, right over his scar.

Jungkook should probably feel bad for getting Taehyung to abandon his friends, but... maybe he's a little selfish. Grinning, he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and pulls him in for a kiss, slow and sweet.

And his heart definitely flutters when Taehyung calls him "beloved." (It always does.)

"Hi, gorgeous," he teases, kissing Taehyung again as he pulls him inside and closes the door behind them.

Taehyung’s smile widens as his hands settle on Jungkook’s hips, pulling him close as he nudges their noses together, breathing him in, listening to the way his heart stutters in his chest. Cute.

“Mm, I missed you,” he hums, lips hovering over his. “Wanna cuddle you, you look so cozy and cute.”

He grins as he squeezes Jungkook’s hips, pressing a light kiss against his parted lips. Slowly, his hands slide around, wrapping around him, his hands sliding up Jungkook’s shirt to rest against his warm, bare back, making him sigh at the temperature difference.

Jungkook shivers, loving the way Taehyung's cold hands feel on his skin. "Missed you too," he whispers, pulling Taehyung closer so he can kiss him again.

"I can't believe you ditched your friends." Laughing, he kisses Taehyung again.

Taehyung laughs into the kiss, slowly walking them backwards until he’s pressing Jungkook against the wall, lips moving against his slowly. He takes his time slipping his tongue into his mouth, teasing over Jungkook’s teeth as he does.

“They still haven’t even noticed,” he whispers, nipping at Jungkook’s lips again.

Catching Jungkook’s lips in another kiss, Taehyung gently guided Jungkook’s head back so he can deepen it, sucking his bottom lip between his teeth.

Jungkook laughs into the kiss, though the sound quickly fades into a moan as he begins to lose himself to the feeling of Taehyung pressed up against him. Sliding his fingers through Taehyung's hair, he tugs at the strands teasingly, his head tilting as he kisses Taehyung back. 

He's never been kissed the way Taehyung kisses him. Just like he's never felt the way Taehyung makes him feel. It's exhilarating and addicting at the same time, setting him alight in a way he never knew possible. And as he pressed up against Taehyung, he can already feel a quiet heat simmering in his belly. 

Taehyung hums into the kiss, swallowing the soft moans Jungkook let’s out, spurring him on. He wants to make him feel good, wants to make him cry out in pleasure.

He wants to feel their bodies completely pressed together, bare.

Moving closer, he slots a thigh between Jungkook’s legs and kisses him a little harder, their tongues teasing against each other’s. This isn’t exactly the kind of cuddling he had in mind but he’s certainly not complaining.

Jungkook shudders, his head spinning and his hold on Taehyung tightens. Kissing Taehyung back just as hard, his fingers weave through stands of hair and tug.

"Tae," he whispers into the kiss, rutting up against Taehyung's thigh shamelessly. It's incredible how fast he can go from soft to desperate, but he's addicted to the way Taehyung feels against him. And he wants more.

Taehyung moans at the way Jungkook breathlessly whispers his name. It’s so familiar — he can remember a thousand times he’s been called that in the same tone and it sends heat to the pit of his stomach.

“Say my name again,” he whispers as his kisses slowly move down his jaw, thigh pressing more firmly against him. “Just like that, love.”

Hands sliding down Jungkook’s sides, he places them right over the swell of his ass, gripping it with both hands to help him rock harder against his thigh.

Jungkook gasps, a low moan escaping his lips as he tightens his grip on Taehyung, pulling him as close as possible. Tilting his head to give Taehyung's lips more room to explore, he slips his hand up Taehyung's shirt, nails raking along his skin.

"Tae," he whispers again, his desperation mounting as he rocks against Taehyung's thigh. He feels so shameless, grinding against Taehyung like this, but that only makes it hotter; makes him want

"Love you so much, Tae--"

Taehyung melts at the words, playfully biting at Jungkook’s neck without his fangs, sucking a mark into his skin. One that will stay. One that shows that he’s his.

“Fuck, I love you,” Taehyung growls against his skin, hands gripping his ass tighter before sliding down to the backs of his thighs.

He lifts him with easy, not bothering to stop kissing his neck as he guides them through the apartment to Jungkook’s room. He slowly and gently lays him back against the sheets, crawling over him and catching his lips in another slow but heated kiss.

Jungkook groans, his back arching off the bed as he kisses Taehyung back. His head is spinning, a fire burning in his belly as he wraps his legs around Taehyung's waist and pulls him closer.

Desperate hands grab at Taehyung's shirt, tugging at it as their tongues slide together, slowly and passionately. Jungkook thinks he might go crazy from the way Taehyung makes his toes curl and he loves every second of it.

Taehyung moans, pressing down into Jungkook as he sucks on his tongue. He only pulls away briefly to sit up and yank his shirt off over his head, tossing it to the floor before his fingers run through Jungkook’s hair as he kisses him deeply again.

He feels hot all over, his cool skin pressed against Jungkook’s warm body.

And he’s missed this so much. Feeling close like this, feeling whole.

And oh how Jungkook loves Taehyung. With his entire heart; his entire being.

Hands sliding up Taehyung's back, Jungkook gasps at the feeling of cold skin pressed up against him. Another shiver rips up his spine as he kisses Taehyung, losing himself to the feeling of their tongues teasing each other. Nails rake along Taehyung's skin, hands wandering until they're grabbing Taehyung's ass tight as he rocks up against him.

“Fuck,” Taehyung moans, rocking his hips down against him harder, his cock hard and leaking in his pants. He presses his hard on against Jungkook’s, wanting him to feel how good he makes him feel. “You’re so perfect.”

He kisses down Jungkook’s neck again, teeth grazing over the mark he’s left earlier, as he starts to work Jungkook’s shirt up his body until he’s pulling it off completely.

“So gorgeous,” Taehyung whispers, kissing down his chest, lips and tongue working over one of his nipples slowly until it hardens. He blows over it, his fangs extending as arousal courses through him. “So fucking beautiful.”

Taehyung's words burn straight through Jungkook, his heart fluttering wildly against his throat as another moan rips itself from his lungs. "Oh fuck, Tae," he whispers, fingers weaving through Taehyung's hair and tugging as he bites down on his lower lip. 

"Love you so much, Tae. Fuck, feels so good--"

Taehyung loves seeing Jungkook coming undone to pleasure like this. Especially when it’s him that’s making him come undone.

Wrapping his lips around his nipple, Taehyung brings one hand down to slowly palm over Jungkook’s hard cock still in his pants. With Jungkook’s sounds, it only spurs Taehyung on, teasing over his nipple with his tongue and lips.

Jungkook's eyes practically roll back in his head, his back arching off the bed as he holds Taehyung closer. "Oh, Tae--" he whimpers, his head dropping back onto the bed as his gut curls tight.

He's never felt this good before, especially from simple touches. And it shouldn't surprise him -- Taehyung's been with so many versions of himself (he's seen it) -- but it kind of does in all the right ways. And maybe it's because he's inexperienced (he's only been with one other man), but right now all he can think about is the way Taehyung's lips feel against his skin.

Rocking up against Taehyung's hand, he moans again as he slots his thigh between Taehyung's legs.

Taehyung rolls his hips down against Jungkook’s thick thigh, sighing in relief as his own throbbing cock gets some attention. It feels so good, better than their first encounter.

Better than any lifetime before.

“Wanna make you feel good, beloved,” Taehyung whispers against his skin as he slowly moves his kisses down Jungkook’s chest and stomach. He traces over his abs with his tongue, his eyes watching Jungkook, as he continues to palm him over his pants.

Jungkook watches Taehyung, mesmerized and transfixed by how perfect and beautiful he looks. How incredible he looks between his legs.

(How perfect he always looks.)

"Wanna make you feel good too," he whispers, brushing his fingers through Taehyung's hair as he rocks up into his touch. "Wanna make you feel so good--"

A smile tugs at Taehyung’s lips as he sinks lower, settling himself between Jungkook’s legs. He’s so cute, sensitive and sweet and Taehyung loves him so much.

“You already do, love,” he whispers as his fingers untie the knot holding his pajama pants up. “Always feel good when I’m with you.”

Kissing along Jungkook’s hip bones, he slowly pulls his pants and underwear down, exposing him to the cool air. Taehyung watches as Jungkook’s cock springs up to his stomach, already beading with precum at the head.

“Look at you,” he murmurs as he leans forward, his gaze locked with Jungkook’s, eyes flashing red as he slowly licks a stripe from the base of his cock to the tip, tasting him. “Mmm.”

Jungkook shudders, a low moan leaving his lips as his toes curl into his bed sheets, his fingers tightening their grip on Taehyung's hair. Heat rolls through him in waves as his eyes threaten to roll back in ecstasy, but he can't look away from Taehyung, their eyes locked as if caught under a spell. 

Instead, his lips part, his breath coming out in pants as he rocks up against Taehyung's tongue. He feels so exposed, the thought sending thrills up his spine as he brushes Taehyung's hair from his face.

"Oh fuck, Tae," he whispers, already sounding wrecked even though they've only just begun.

Taehyung smirks, pleased with himself for making Jungkook react like that, before slowly teasing the head of his cock with his tongue. Jungkook’s panting and moaning and fingers in his hair send a spark of arousal in Taehyung’s stomach, his own hips slowly moving against the bed underneath him.

“Mine,” he whispers, breathing hotly against Jungkook’s cock, lips kissing along the underside. His fingers grip lightly at his inner thighs, keeping them spread.

"Yours," Jungkook whispers back, his thighs shaking in Taehyung's grip. The slow, teasingly pace is driving him wild, his toes curling into the sheets as his fingers tug almost desperately at Taehyung's hair. His hips rock up off the bed, chasing after Taehyung's lips. "Only yours."

(It's obvious that he's never had a blowjob this good. And it's safe to say he never will with anyone other than Taehyung.)

Taehyung trails a line of kisses along Jungkook’s inner thigh, his fingers moving up to thumb over the tip of his cock slowly.

A low growl escapes the back of his throat at Jungkook’s words, at the way his body reacts to him. Fuck, he could spend hours like this.

“Mm, you smell so good,” Taehyung moans, lips and fangs grazing over his sensitive skin on his inner thigh.

Jungkook shudders, watching Taehyung as he spreads his legs wider, his heart ramming up against his throat. As Taehyung's fangs brush up against his skin, he spreads his thighs wider, wanting more.

"You hungry?" he asks, his voice low and his tone desperate. "You wanna bite me?"

, fuck,” Taehyung groans, nose pressing into his skin as he wraps his fingers completely around Jungkook’s cock so start slowly stroking him off.

He watches Jungkook as he presses the tips of his fangs against his skin, watches and

the way Jungkook’s body trembles with anticipation. He can hear his heart pounding.

Slowly, he sinks his fangs into Jungkook’s thigh, his eyes fluttering shut as the delicious taste of his blood hits his tongue, making him moan as he squeezes Jungkook’s cock.

Jungkook gasps, his head hitting the bed as his toes curl into the sheets. "Oh, fuck," he whimpers, biting down on his lower lip as waves of pleasure roll through his body.

Taehyung's lips and teeth on his thigh feel so good; even better than they do on his neck. And he's almost positive he could get off like this; with Taehyung sucking him dry. But the hand around his cock feels so incredible, his head swimming as he rocks up into Taehyung's grip. "Oh fuck, Tae--"

Jungkook’s moans and the taste of him are driving Taehuyng wild, making him growl deep in his throat as he sucks on his thigh a little harder, stroking him off a little faster. Fuck, he’s so turned on right now — and he’s sure that this is bliss.

He would happily spend eternity between these legs.

As blood pools in his mouth, he swallows, pressing closer to Jungkook’s thigh, his thumb pressing against the head of Jungkook’s cock until a fat bead of precum drips from it, using it to lube up his hand as he continues to jerk him off.

It takes so much energy not to buck up into Taehyung's hand, his toes curling into the sheets, fingers tugging at Taehyung's hair. Wrapping his legs around Taehyung's back, he pulls him closer, his thighs closing around Taehyung's head.

" he whimpers, heat pooling in his gut as he holds Taehyung against him. "Feels so good, Tae--"

Taehyung moans as his head is swallowed by Jungkook’s perfect thighs. His own cock is so hard as he grinds it down against the sheets and bed, working his fist over Jungkook’s cock faster.

He pulls his fangs out from him but doesn’t close the wound, instead watching as a little bit of blood oozes from it.

Fuck, this is so hot.

Leaning in, Taehyung lightly teases over the two fang holes with his tongue just as his thumb presses against the sensitive underside of Jungkook’s cock.

Jungkook whines, his back arching off the bed as he rocks into Taehyung's touch. Waves of pleasure roll through him as he finds himself teetering over the edge, his breath catching in his throat and his head spinning. He's never felt this good before; this wrecked.

"Fuck, Tae, m'so close," he practically babbles, tugging at Taehyung's hair, his thighs wrapping around him tighter. Moaning desperately, he pulls Taehyung closer. "Bite me again. Please,

Taehyung moans at the sound of Jungkook

And who is he to deny his soulmate of what he wants?

Sinking his fangs back into his thigh, Taehyung groans as he sucks at the wound, hand jerking him off faster, harder, squeezing his cock each time his fist returns to thet base of it.

Jungkook gasps, his head spinning as burning heat pools in his belly. Taehyung's hand feels so good -- touching and stroking him in all the right ways to make his toes curl -- but the feeling of fangs sinking into his skin again is incredible.

And Jungkook comes just from that feeling; just from Taehyung biting him open and drinking from him. Arching off the bed, he squeezes his thighs around Taehyung's head, holding him closer as his orgasm hits him hard. Moaning loudly and desperately, he rides that feeling until he can't anymore.

Until he's collapsing back down onto the bed, breathless and dazed.

When Jungkook’s legs close tightly around his head, Taehyung moans and sucks at his thigh harder, working his fist over his cock faster as he helps him ride out his orgasm, coming along over his fist and his own stomach.

And once he collapses back on the bed, Taehyung slowly retracts his fangs, licking the wounds closed this time as he slowly helps Jungkook’s legs back onto the bed.

“Fuck, that was so sexy,” Taehyung whispers, voice low and husky, as he moves to kneel in between Jungkook’s thighs.

He takes his own cock in hand, pushing his pants and underwear down his thighs as his fingers wrap around his cock. The tip is flushed angry red, desperate for release and so close from all the teasing he’d done to himself against the bed already.

With a few strokes and a moan of Jungkook’s name, Taehyung comes across his stomach and chest, his cum mixing with Jungkook’s against his skin.

Jungkook feels absolutely wrecked, unable to do much more than watch Taehyung through half-lidded eyes. And fuck, it's so hot watching Taehyung get himself off.

Hearing Taehyung moan his name; feeling Taehyung's come landing on his body.

"Fuck," he whispers, his lips quirking up in a blissed out smile as he reaches for Taehyung's hand. "That was incredible..."

Taehyung chuckles as he slowly moves to lay down beside Jungkook. He should get up and clean them off, but he just wants to bask in this moment for a bit, to enjoy Jungkook’s wrecked and blissed out face.

He presses a soft kiss against his lips and sighs, fingers carding through Jungkook’s blonde hair softly.

“You’re incredible,” he whispers, noses nudging together. “I love you so much.”

Jungkook's heart flutters as he wraps his arms around Taehyung and pulls him closer. "I love you so much, my incredible soulmate," he whispers, his grin widening as he pulls Taehyung in for a kiss.

Soft, warm, and loving.

"I can't believe how happy I am with you..."

Taehyung smiles at him, his expression soft. “I’m happy whenever I’m with you,” he murmurs quietly, kissing Jungkook’s bare shoulder. “I’m happy that you’re happy with me, too.”

Taehyung would never treat Jungkook badly. He loves him so much, in every single lifetime they’ve shared, and he has no intention of letting him live an unhappy life. He wants every day to be filled with love and happiness — because Taehyung knows better than anyone that it can be taken away so quickly.

“I want you to always be happy,” Taehyung adds, looking up at him with a soft look in his eyes.

Jungkook sighs, relaxing in Taehyung's arms as his smile softens. "I'm always going to be happy with you," he whispers, his hand sliding up to touch Taehyung's cheek. His fingertips slide along Taehyung's skin before brushing through his hair.

"And I want you to always be happy too."

Taehyung smiles, turning his head to press a kiss against Jungkook’s palm. “My baby,” he whispers, arms wrapping around him to pull him close. 

He can’t even be bothered about the sticky, drying cum on Jungkook’s body.

“My beloved,” Taehyung murmurs as he leans in to press a soft kiss to his lips. “If you’re here, if you’re happy and safe — then I’m happy.”

Jungkook's smile widens into a grin, his heart racing as he kisses Taehyung again. And then one more time for good measure.

"That's how I feel too," he whispers, fingers sliding through Taehyung's hair. And he never knew he could feel such happiness. Because even though there are so many things in his life that bring him joy -- his friends, his family, his work -- with Taehyung by his side, he feels that happiness increase tenfold. 

Taehyung pulls Jungkook closer, kissing him softly. “I love you, too, Jungkook.”

Slowly, he looks down between their bodies and laughs. “I think we could use a shower.”

Pulling away, he slides off the bed and rids himself of the last of his clothing, holding his hand out for Jungkook to take.

“Let’s clean up and then we can have those cuddles I was craving.”

Jungkook laughs, a blush on his cheeks as he takes Taehyung's hand and helps himself off the bed. And maybe he takes a moment to check Taehyung out, because this is the first time he's seen him naked (in person, at least).

The sight takes his breath away, and if he weren't completely weak in the knees from the most intense orgasm he's ever had, he'd probably tackle Taehyung back onto the bed.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he leans against him, legs still shaking as he leads them toward his bathroom. "I can't believe you ditched your friends," he teases, his grin wide. "Do you think they've noticed?"

Taehyung laughs, following Jungkook to the bathroom. “If they have, they probably don’t care. It felt like I was intruding on a date all of a sudden.”

As they run the shower on warm, Taehyung sighs as he steps under the spray of water, pulling Jungkook close. They kiss and wash each other’s hair, enjoying the closeness, the intimacy, that this allows them.

When Jungkook is washing over his body for him, Taehyung feels him pause at his wrist, and he gently turns his hand down as he takes the soap to return the favor, washing all the half dried cum from Jungkook’s chest and stomach for him.

Jungkook melts underneath Taehyung's touch, his eyes fluttering closed as a sigh escapes his lips. But even as he begins to lose himself to the feeling of Taehyung's hands on his skin, he can't stop thinking about Taehyung's wrist.

At the jagged scars carved into his skin.

His heart aches and as he opens his eyes to look back up at Taehyung, it hurts wondering what happened to him.

It isn't until they're out of the shower and crawling into bed that Jungkook approaches the subject. Slowly, gently, as he curls up against Taehyung's side, he reaches over to touch his wrist.

"What happened here?" he asks, his voice barely louder than a whisper.

Taehyung frowns as he feels Jungkook’s soft touch against his scars. He can still remember when he made them, when he lost Jungkook the second time and he felt so broken that he couldn’t go on.

And yet, his curse wouldn’t allow him to leave this world.

“Mm, it was a long time ago now,” he hums softly, burying his nose in Jungkook’s damp hair to kiss his head. “I had just learned what my curse was truly and — I just didn’t want to live in a world where we could only end in tragedy. I couldn’t take it.”

The grief that consumed him all those lifetimes ago still resides in his heart. Even if he has Jungkook in his arms right now, he can remember all the Jungkooks he held like this before him.

How much he loved them, too.

How painful it was to lose each and every one of them.

Jungkook's heart freezes in his chest, his grip on Taehyung's wrist tightening just a little bit. It hurts, hearing how much Taehyung's suffered just for him. And it hurts to know there's nothing he can do except love Taehyung as much as he can in this lifetime.

And maybe the next one too.

It hurts even more to know that Taehyung is cursed to feel pain over and over and over again for the rest of eternity.

"Oh Tae," he whispers, hugging Taehyung closer as a lump forms in his throat and his chest aches. "I'm so sorry..."

Taehyung envelops him in his arms, holding him closer, kissing his head gently. “Don’t be sorry, love,” he whispers, feeling the sadness waft off of Jungkook. “You’ve done nothing to be sorry for.”

He kisses his forehead next, letting his lips linger there as he holds him closer. It’s so warm, bare skin pressing together, under the blankets that smell like Jungkook.

“It was my second time losing you, and I felt like I couldn’t bare it again,” Taehyung murmurs, lips brushing over Jungkook’s skin. “And the grief was unbearable but — but then you found me again. And happiness bloomed in all the cracks of my soul. It’s the cycle. I face unbearable sadness, and you come back to fix me before I break again.”

Jungkook takes a shuddering breath as he wraps his arms around Taehyung and pulls him closer. Holding him as if he'll disappear at any moment.

"You don't deserve unbearable sadness," he whispers, pressing kisses into Taehyung's neck, hands running up and down his back. "You deserve warmth and happiness every moment of your life..."

Taehyung breathes in a shaky breath as he closes his eyes, pressing closer into Jungkook. As if worried that he will disappear.

“This is why it’s a curse,” he answers quietly. “But right now I’m — I’m so happy. And I’m going to protect you this time…"

Jungkook nods, tilting his head up so he can look at Taehyung. So he can see the man he loves so much.

The man he wants to spend the rest of his life with.

"I'm so happy. Being with you is like a dream," he whispers, nuzzling his nose against Taehyung's. "And I'm going to protect you too."

Taehyung smiles softly at him, resting their foreheads together. “Let’s protect each other and just enjoy this happiness,” he says quietly, tucking some of Jungkook’s damp hair behind his ear.

“I don’t want to waste my happy moments with you, naked and cuddling in bed, thinking about a sad ending.”

Jungkook nods, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips. Though it still hurts to think about that sad ending, he doesn't want to waste any of his precious time with Taehyung either.

He wants to enjoy every moment they have together, even the small, quiet ones.

"I'm going to enjoy every second with you," he whispers, kissing Taehyung as his smile grows. "I love you, Kim Taehyung."

Taehyung’s heart practically sings in his chest as he kisses Jungkook back, hands trailing up his body to cup his cheeks.

“And I love you, Jeon Jungkook.”

Jungkook's smile widens into a grin, and as he leans into Taehyung's touch, he tilts his head to brush their lips together. And as he kisses Taehyung -- as he sinks into Taehyung's arms; into this moment -- his heart sings too until they're both in perfect harmony.

And Jungkook knows, without a shadow of a doubt, that he and Taehyung are going to live full lives together.

And he'll fight for that future with everything he has.

Jungkook takes a deep breath as he looks up at Sungmin's house, its perfect white exterior sparkling in the early summer sun. His hands begin to shake as he wets his lips, willing his aching heart to calm down as it rams up against his throat.

It's been almost a month since he and Sungmin ended their relationship; almost a month since Jungkook shattered both of their hearts. And though they've been texting a little bit more every week, they've yet to meet face to face.

Honestly, it still hurts. Even though Jungkook's knows he isn't in love with Sungmin -- even know he has Taehyung -- it still hurts knowing that he hurt his best friend. And it's something he hasn't fully stopped blaming himself for.

But little by little, the more they talk, the easier it gets. Jungkook just hopes -- selfishly, he knows -- that they can still be friends.

Even if it takes years, he's willing to be patient.

Taking another deep breath, he exhales slowly before he walks up to the front door and knocks.

Sungmin takes a few minutes to open the door, but when he does, he offers Jungkook a small almost shy smile. It’s like they’re suddenly strangers, unsure how to greet the other. 

“Hey,” he says, opening the door a little wider. “Come on in.”

He leads Jungkook to the living room which seems to be undergoing some major changes. The walls that were once white now are painted a sage green color, and the couch that they used to sit on to watch movies together is replaced with a brand new sectional.

“It’s good to see you again,” Sungmin says as they sit down on the couch. “How are you doing?”

Jungkook sits down on the couch as he looks around. The new paint and furniture make Sungmin's home feel more inviting and less like a page out of a furniture catalogue. He likes it a lot, even though it makes him feel a little bit more like a stranger. 

Turning toward Sungmin, he offers him another small, shy smile.

he wants to say, but he doesn't. Instead, he folds his hands on his lap and hums. "I'm doing okay," he says instead. "Working, mostly. We're trying to wrap up my current webtoon and start something new. How about you?"

Sungmin nods, understanding. “Same, been working a lot,” he answers. “Took some vacation time to relax for the first time in… I don’t know how long, but now I’m back to work.”

It feels strange to sit here, the two of them. Wanting so much to say something but not wanting to cross a line when they aren’t sure exactly where it is. 

Jungkook nods as well, trying to tamp down the aching in his heart. Offering Sungmin a small smile, he shifts a bit on the couch. "Did you... do anything relaxing?" he asks, almost wincing at the question. 

"I like what you've done with the living room, by the way..."

Sungmin looks up at the bright color on the wall and a light pink dusts over his cheeks. “Ah, thank you,” he replies. “I thought it was time for a change… I hired an interior designer to do it for me though, since I don’t really know anything about design.”

He looks back at Jungkook and smiles, this time less guarded, less shy. More like the old Sungmin.

“It was nice to have some time to clear my head,” he tells him. “Actually… I have a box with some of your things in it that I’d like to give back to you.”

Jungkook lets his own smile widen. It makes him happy knowing that Sungmin took the initiative to make a change in his life. And he hopes it's for the better.

The mention of his old things hurts a little bit, but not as much as it would have earlier. "Oh, thank you. I have something for you too," he says, shifting in his seat.

Sungmin tilts his head in confusion since Jungkook doesn’t seem to have a box or anything. “What do you have for me?” he asks curiously. “Wait, one sec. I’ll go grab your box so I don’t forget.”

He gets up quickly and rushes toward his bedroom and a few moments later returns with a small box. There aren’t too many things in it — some clothes he left here, a few things from when they were dating like photos and such.

Setting it down gently on the floor next to Jungkook, Sungmin sits back down on the couch. “So what did you have for me?”

Jungkook glances down at the box before looking back up at Sungmin. Truthfully, aside from a toothbrush, Sungmin didn't leave anything at his place. It wasn't like they spent a lot of time in his apartment; usually they stayed here.

And anything of sentimental value, Jungkook stored away in a special place; a last keepsake of the positive, loving memories from someone important to him.

But he does have one thing.

Reaching into his pocket, he takes a slow, deep breath as he pulls out a small velvet box. When he opens it up and sees the engagement ring sitting inside, he feels that familiar aching in his chest, though it's nothing quite like the pain he felt when they broke up only a month ago. Because this is the last token of their time together.

The most important one.

"I have this," he says quietly, handing the box to Sungmin.

Sungmin’s expression flashes to hurt for just a moment as he takes the box. The ring inside is one that matches with the one he has in a box upstairs, too. One he took weeks picking out once upon a time.

“Oh,” he says softly, closing the box and looking up at Jungkook. “You could… you could keep it, if you wanted. I’m not going to sell it yet I don’t think. I still have mine, too.”

Jungkook looks down at the tiny box, the memory of when Sungmin offered it to him still fresh in his mind. And even though, looking back at that moment, he realizes that he accepted it for all the wrong reasons, he still appreciates the fact that Sungmin gave it to him.

That Sungmin loved him enough to want forever with him.

"Are you sure?" he asks quietly, gently touching the box as he looks up at Sungmin.    

Sungmin smiles softly at the box before looking back up at Jungkook. “Yeah,” he says, handing it back to him. “It’s — it’s a nice memory. Even if we didn’t work out, I think back on our years together as happy ones.”

Jungkook smiles softly too as he cradles the box gently in his hands, as if it's precious. "Thank you," he says, holding the box to his chest. "For giving it to me in the first place. And for... everything."

Reaching up, he tucks some of his hair behind his ears as his heart squeezes in his chest. He's so lucky to have met Sungmin; to have grown up with Sungmin.

To have been loved by Sungmin. And he hopes he never takes that for granted.

"I look back on our years as happy ones too."

Sungmin smiles at Jungkook, looking more relaxed now than he has this entire time. Like a weight has been lifted off his chest.

And it truly feels like it has.

“Thank you for everything, too,” he says gently. “I think, even if it’s painful, it’s not something I would change. Having a few weeks to clear my head really made me see your side better, to understand.”

Sungmin reaches over to gently take Jungkook’s hand. “I’m glad that we had our time, but as long as we’re both happy as we move forward, that’s what matters most.”

A lump forms in Jungkook's throat as he squeezes Sungmin's hand gently, his other hand gripping the ring box. He really is lucky, he thinks, as his heart settles in his chest.

"I feel the same way," he says just as gently, offering Sungmin a soft smile. "I'm so happy that you're in my life, Sungminie, and... I just want you to be happy too."

Sungmin’s eyes gloss over with tears and he laughs as he pulls Jungkook in for a hug. “We’re gonna be fine,” he tells him, patting his back. “We’re gonna meet people we can be happy with and we’ll be happy for each other.”

He pulls away and smiles at Jungkook again, his cheeks a little pink.

“You know, I was feeling a bit down on confidence honestly but… someone asked me out yesterday and I just — it feels nice, you know. Even if it’s not with you, it feels really nice.”

Jungkook's eyes gloss over with tears, one or two of them slipping down his cheeks as his smile widens and a quiet laugh escapes his lips. He's just so happy, for Sungmin but also for his and Sungmin's friendship.

For their future together, even if it isn't the one either of them imagined.

Reaching up to wipe at his cheeks, his smile softens. "I understand," he says, squeezing Sungmin gently. "And I'm so happy for you. Did you say yes?"

Sungmin’s cheeks flush a bit brighter in color. “I — I was really up front about just getting out of a serious relationship,” he says slowly. “And that I’m not sure if I’m ready for another one. But he was really kind and understanding, so I agreed to coffee.”

He runs a hand through his hair and laughs a little. “Actually… he’s the guy I hired to help me design this place…"

Jungkook can't help but laugh quietly (happily), his smile widening into a grin as he looks around the living room. He likes the new color a lot, and the furniture that's been replaced looks even nicer. More modern but also more to Sungmin's personality. "Really? Well, he definitely has good taste," he says, looking back over at Sungmin.

And not just in decor,

he thinks to himself as another laugh bubbles up in his throat.

"He sounds really great. And I'm really happy for you, Sungminie."

“Thanks,” Sungmin replies, chewing on his bottom lip nervously. “I’m glad we can talk like this again… I really missed you, Kook.”

He smiles as he leans in to hug him again, this time more sure and less nervous, giving him a good squeeze before he pulls away.

“I’m sure that you’re going to find someone without your parents pressuring you,” Sungmin tells him sincerely. “You’re going to be so happy and I’ll be happy for you, too.”

Jungkook hugs Sungmin back, squeezing him tightly before they pull away. And when they do, it feels like a weight has lifted off his chest, allowing it to swell from happiness. His smile widens, laughter on his lips as he reaches up to wipe at his eyes.

"I'm going to be so happy for you too," he says, taking Sungmin's hand so he can squeeze it gently. "And I've really missed you. Talking with you like this, it makes me really happy..."

Sungmin nods, “Me too. Before we dated, we were best friends, and I don’t want that to change, even if it’s a little difficult at first to get past it.”

Jungkook nods, feeling relief sweep through him. "I don't want that to change either," he says, squeezing Sungmin's hand again. "Even if it's difficult, I... I really want you to be a part of my life. And, for you, I can be patient."

Sungmin smiles, his shoulders relaxing. He looks as relieved as Jungkook feels, both of them settling into this new ground of their relationship.

Uncertain and unsure, but moving forward, nonetheless.

“Okay,” Sungmin replies. “Then we’ll take this friendship slow. Maybe by getting coffee next week? Just to chat for a little bit.”

Jungkook nods, his relief palpable as his shoulders relax too. "That sounds perfect," he says, smiling as well. "I'd love that."

As he holds Sungmin's hands, the two of them sitting together in what was once their living room, he feels a peace wash over him. A happiness, that all the pieces of his life are slowly falling into place.

And maybe it feels like his life is heading in a good direction.

The right direction.

Jungkook and Sungmin talk for a little bit longer after that, settling into a quiet comfort as they finish catching up. When Jungkook leaves, it's without the heavy weight settling over his shoulders and his heart, and his smile widens as he heads to the train station, the familiar walk nostalgic and comforting. 

While he's waiting for his train home, he pulls out his phone, his heart fluttering when he sees missed messages from Taehyung. 

wanna change that with me? 😘

Taehyung’s reply is immediate.

I’ll pick you up in an hour? 😘🖤

As soon as he’s got the okay from Jungkook, he’s jumping up to shower and get ready, spending extra time on his dark, curly locks to make them look nice and fluffy. And then he heads to his closet, tapping his chin in thought as he looks through his clothes.

It takes him a while before he decides on some black skinny jeans and a black top that he tucks in half way, grabbing a light jacket to cover over top of it all and complete the look.

(It is also black, of course.)

And once he’s ready, he drives over to Jungkook’s building to pick him up, stopping at a floral shop on the corner to get him some roses first.

Knocking on the door, he holds the roses out, a smile on his lips at the excitement of seeing Jungkook and spending an evening with him.

Taehyung doesn't even have to wait, the door opening almost as soon as he knocks. Standing in the doorway, Jungkook is smiling wide, his hair styled off his face, his outfit just as tight and just as sexy as Taehyung's.

As soon as their eyes lock, his heart flutters, but as soon as he sees the flowers in Taehyung's hand, his eyes widen and butterflies swarm his stomach.

"Oh, Taehyungie," he whispers, his cheeks flushing as he reaches out to take the bouquet. "They're beautiful."

Hugging them to his chest, he steps inside and moves into the kitchen to put them in some water. "So... where are we going tonight?"

Taehyung smiles as Jungkook holds the flowers. He looks so beautiful, but holding flowers only seems to accentuate his beauty.

“I was thinking we could go for a drive,” he says, hands sliding into his pockets. “I think there’s a firework show happening not too far, we could park and watch it.”

It’s not an average date, but since Taehyung doesn’t exactly do dinner dates… it seemed like a romantic option on short notice.

“We can stop and pick up some takeout for you on the way,” Taehyung adds, leaning against the counter and smiling at him. 

Jungkook's smile softens as he cuts the stems of the roses before putting them into a vase (that was definitely used to wash paint brushes at one point or another). "That sounds romantic," he hums as he fills the vase with water before putting it in the window to get sun the next day.

When he turns and sees Taehyung standing there, looking so beautiful and warm, he can't help but grin as he crosses the kitchen to settle in next to him. His arms immediately wrap around Taehyung's neck, pulling him in for a soft kiss.

Taehyung smiles adoringly at Jungkook, his own hands automatically reaching to rest on his hips. Feeling his body pressed against him feels so right, he’ll never get tired of it.

“Ready,” he answers, sneaking a kiss on the tip of Jungkook’s nose before he reaches up for his hand to lace their fingers together.

They head out together, hand in hand, and Taehyung opens the car door for Jungkook before getting in on his side and turning on the car. Even as he starts driving, he makes sure to keep their fingers laced together, his other hand on the steering wheel.

“You look beautiful tonight,” Taehyung says, stealing glances at Jungkook every chance he gets. 

Jungkook's cheeks flush, a quiet laugh bubbling up his throat as he squeezes Taehyung's hand. Every glance from Taehyung makes his heart flutter, and he feels himself falling deeper and deeper in love.

"You look beautiful tonight too," he says, lifting Taehyung's hand to kiss his fingers. "Very dark and sexy."

Taehyung chuckles, though his cheeks flush a little. “I am dark and sexy,” he jokes. “Jimin says I have the dark and mysterious vibe down. Whatever that means.”

He pulls onto the expressway, smooth jazz playing quietly in the background as they drive in the city lights. It’s almost completely dark out, the sky still holding onto the last bits of sunlight that it can.

“What would you like to eat?” Taehyung asks, glancing at Jungkook again and smiling.

Jungkook hums, playing with Taehyung's fingers as he leans back against his seat. "Hmm, something that I won't get all over your car," he teases, grinning at Taehyung. "Maybe... lamb skewers?"

Truthfully he doesn't mind what he eats. He's just excited to be on his first official date with Taehyung.

Taehyung laughs. “Lamb skewers it is,” he says, searching for a place nearby when he reaches a stop light.

It’s not long before they’ve picked up food for Jungkook and are driving again, fingers laced together and resting on Jungkook’s thigh. Taehyung hums along to the music quietly as he pulls off the main streets and down toward one of the bridges.

The fireworks start before they find a spot to park the car under the bridge, but it’s a perfect view. There are a few people sitting outside in the grass nearby watching, but they’re for the most part completely secluded down here.

Jungkook sighs as he relaxes, looking out at the fireworks with a small smile. "I feel like it's been forever since I've seen a fireworks show," he says, squeezing Taehyung's hand, food forgotten.

There's something playful and fun about watching them with Taehyung now; like being young and finding wonder in something simple yet explosive. And he likes it, a lot.

“I remember the first fireworks,” Taehyung says, a small smile on his lips. “We saw them together, actually. Many lifetimes ago.”

Taehyung remembers living simple lives by the beach back then, watching the light in the sky and how it reflected in Jungkook’s eyes. How later that evening, Taehyung had seen those twinkles in his eyes as he pressed him into his bed and kissed him.

“They always make me think of you now.”

Jungkook blushes, his smile widening as he squeezes Taehyung's hand before kissing it again. "That's so romantic," he sighs, looking over at Taehyung with hearts in his eyes.

How lucky he is, to have a soulmate like Taehyung.

How lucky he is to have the chance to love Taehyung so many times, in so many lives.

"What are... some other favorite memories of me you have?"

Taehyung turns to look at Jungkook, bringing his hand up to kiss his knuckles gently. “Hmm, you collecting cherry blossoms to make into a love letter for me,” he says with a fond smile.

“The one life I had a dog… you would always cuddle with him at night, and it warmed my heart to see you two together,” Taehyung goes on. “Skinny dipping in a pond near our homes… before I was… this. When we were still both humans in our first life together.”

Slowly, he turns to glance out the window as another big firework pops in the sky.

“And,” he says softly, turning back to Jungkook, “this one. Right now.”

Jungkook's heart flutters violently, his cheeks flushing as his breath catches in his throat. "Really?" he asks quietly, fireworks forgotten as he looks at Taehyung as if he put the very starts in the sky.

And he can't lie; he's often wondered how he compared to the other Jungkooks Taehyung's been with. He's seen the memories. He knows how deeply Taehyung's loved him.

(Especially the first version of him, before the curse.)

So to hear that -- it means something to him. Something significant.

Taehyung presses a kiss to the back of Jungkook’s hand again. “Of course,” he whispers softly as fireworks explode in the sky. “Every moment with you — they’re all special. I treasure every you I’ve ever met but… each lifetime that passes, I only love you more.”

Gently, he pulls Jungkook close and cups the back of his neck as he kisses him. It’s a slow and sweet kiss, nothing heated, but Taehyung’s lips mold perfectly against Jungkook’s and it takes the breath from his lungs.

He loves every Jungkook.

But he loves this one the most.

Taehyung's words take Jungkook's breath away, his head spinning and his heart racing. Reaching up to cup Taehyung's cheek, he kisses him back just as slowly and just as sweetly as fireworks go off in the distance. 

yuAnd even though he hasn't spent a lifetime on this planet like Taehyung has, he knows that's true. 

Just like he knows he loves Taehyung more and more each day. 

Taehyung smiles, resting their foreheads together, noses brushing ever so slightly. “I know,” he whispers. “You tell me that in every lifetime. I think… even if you don’t remember fully, you can feel it.”

He tucks some of Jungkook’s hair behind his ear gently.

“Thank you for coming to me in this lifetime,” he whispers, gazing into his eyes lovingly. “I haven’t been this happy in decades. Just getting to hold you makes me feel more whole than I ever have before.”

Jungkook nuzzles his nose against Taehyung's, his heart so full he's sure it's going to burst out of his chest. He's sure there are hearts in his eyes, his heart fluttering violently as he and Taehyung gaze at each other, the fireworks forgotten.

"I'll find you in every lifetime, Taehyungie," he whispers, fingers brushing against Taehyung's cheeks. "And you make me feel whole too. Whole and warm and loved."

Taehyung’s expression softens even more, leaning lightly into Jungkook’s touch. His mangled and dead heart feels like it’s soaring again, like it’s beating the way it did when he and Jungkook laid together under the cherry blossom trees many, many lifetimes ago.

Tilting his head ever so slightly, he catches Jungkook’s lips in a soft and slow kiss, lips fitting against his top lip, then his bottom, and finally both of them together.

Their noses brush as they kiss, Taehyung’s fingers gently holding the nape of Jungkook’s neck with one hand and cradling his jaw with the other, leading the kiss by tilting Jungkook’s head back to deepen it with his tongue.

Jungkook sighs into the kiss, relaxing in Taehyung's hold. Kissing Taehyung always feels like heaven, their lips fitting together perfectly, every touch of tongue making his toes curl and his heart race.

Like something out of a movie.

Like the countless memories he's seen of them together.

Sliding his tongue against Taehyung's, he moans quietly, his fingers brushing through Taehyung's hair, tugging gently at the strands. His other hand slides down to grip Taehyung's arm gently.

Jungkook’s moan goes straight to Taehyung’s stomach, his breath coming out stuttered as he presses closer, kissing him a little harder, a little deeper.

He tastes sweet and smells even better, making Taehyung feel arousal starting to pool in his stomach.

He loves how pliant Jungkook is in his hands, how they move together so naturally, lips sliding together with quiet wet noises that blend in with the distant sound of fireworks and smooth jazz playing quietly in the stereo.

The center console in between them starts to annoy Jungkook as he tries to move closer to Taehyung, wanting to feel all of him. A quiet noise of frustration escapes his lips, though it quickly fades into a moan as Taehyung's tongue teases his own.

Arousal begins to pool in his stomach as well, a shudder ripping up his spine as he tugs gently at Taehyung's hair.

Taehyung feels Jungkook shudder, laughs against his lips at his frustration about the center console. So while he continues to kiss him, he reaches down to push his seat back as far as it will go, breaking the kiss for just a moment.

“C‘mere,” he says, voice low and husky as he reaches for Jungkook. “Want you closer, love.”

He helps Jungkook scramble over the center console, pulling him onto his lap as soon as he’s able, his arms wrapped around his waist as he looks up at him with a fond look in his eyes.

Jungkook laughs as he settles in Taehyung's lap, his cheeks flushed and his grin wide. His hands settle on Taehyung's chest, fingers teasing the fabric of his shirt. "Hi," he says, his voice teasing and his eyes dancing in the dim light coming from outside.

Taehyung grins, his lips stretching into a boxy shape as his hands slide down to rest on Jungkook’s thighs. Jungkook is so adorably endearing, it makes him feel light and happy.

“Hi,” he replies, squeezing his thighs. Fuck, his thighs are so sexy — firm and strong under his fingers, straddling his lap so perfectly. “You’re cute.”

He leans up as if he’s going to kiss him, but then moves to kiss the tip of Jungkook’s nose teasingly.

Jungkook's blush deepens, another laugh bubbling up his throat as he tilts his head up to kiss Taehyung's nose too. "You're cuter," he says, his hands sliding up Taehyung's chest as a gentle shiver rips up his spine.

How can one man be so hot? He's pretty sure Taehyung was handcrafted by the gods.

“Not possible,” Taehyung whispers as his grip tightens on Jungkook’s thighs. He leans up that last little bit to kiss him again, tongue sliding across his lips to part the and tease over his.

He could spend centuries like this, kissing Jungkook, holding him. And he gladly would.

Jungkook laughs into the kiss, his heart fluttering as he leans into Taehyung's touch. His hands slide up Taehyung's chest, his fingers dipping underneath the collar of his shirt as a low moan escapes his lips.

"Fuck, Tae," he whispers in between kisses. "Love kissing you--"

Taehyung groans, his kissing growing more heated as he growls slightly, hands gripping Jungkook’s thighs tighter, sliding them up higher. Jungkook’s moaning turns him on, the sounds like music to his ears.

He loves every single thing about Jungkook, wants to love him forever. Wants to hear his moans every day forever.

“So gorgeous,” Taehyung breathes between kisses, letting his hands slide around to grip Jungkook’s ass tightly.

Jungkook groans, his eyelids fluttering as he rocks back into Taehyung's hands. "

so perfect," he whimpers as he rolls his hips up against Taehyung's stomach. 

Slowly, he slides his hands back down to tug at Taehyung's shirt before sliding his hands underneath, fingers exploring his skin. And even though Taehyung's skin is cold to the touch, to Jungkook it feels perfect. 

Just like everything about Taehyung. 

Taehyung shivers at Jungkook’s touch, his eyes fluttering shut as he breathes out a little heavier. His fingers tighten on his ass, using it to pull him closer.

“I want you, Jungkook-ah,” he whispers heatedly, lips brushing against Jungkook’s.

He wants all of him, and for Jungkook to have all of him in return.

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, his heart shuddering along with his body. Taehyung's words burn right through him, settling in the pit of his stomach and setting him on fire. His cheeks burn, his mind fogging over as a low moan slips from his lips.

Fuck, he wants Taehyung too. It's all he's thought about for so long. But to hear that Taehyung wants him too -- even if he knows it -- feels so good.

"You have me," he whispers, nudging his nose against Taehyung's, their breaths mingling. "So take me."

Taehyung growls low in the back of his throat as his grip tightens on his ass, pressing him closer as he kisses him again. Hard and heavy, heated and full of desire. He licks into his mouth right at the start, mapping out his mouth, flicking over his teeth.

Teasingly, he spreads Jungkook’s ass as much as he can when he’s still clothed, pressing his finger to his hole through his pants.

He wants Jungkook so bad, wants to take him back home and fuck him into his mattress, until he’s crying his name out in pleasure.

Jungkook shudders violently, a gasp ripping itself from his throat as he rocks back into Taehyung's touch. Just the hint of Taehyung's fingers against him is enough to make his head spin, his stomach tying itself up into knots as his imagination runs wild.

"Oh fuck," he whimpers against Taehyung's lips, kissing him back just as desperately. His hands, still underneath Taehyung's shirt, run up to grip his chest, fingers pinching at his nipples.

Taehyung moans against Jungkook’s mouth, his chest rising into his touch. It feels hot in the car now, the fireworks long since over, and he wants Jungkook now.

“Fuck, Jungkook,” he whispers, breaking the kiss to rest his head back against his seat. Jungkook’s lips are slick with his spit and red from all the kissing and it only makes Taehyung want

He wants so much more.

“We should— we should go somewhere more private,” he whispers, eyes flashing red as they take over Jungkook’s flustered appearance. “If we don’t stop right now, I’m going to take you when anyone could walk by.”

Jungkook's stomach flips at the thought of Taehyung fucking him in the car, his breath catching in his throat and his head spinning.

he's never had sex outside of a bedroom -- he and Sungmin were never that adventurous -- but the thought of him and Taehyung, where anyone can see  them, turns him more than he thought it would.

And while that's clearly a sign that he would have

problems riding Taehyung in the driver's seat of his car, he wants their first time together to be a little bit more private.

horny part of his brain is fighting that thought.)

"Okay," he whispers, though he makes no move to crawl off of Taehyung's lap. "Where should we go?"

Taehyung reaches up to tuck some hair behind Jungkook’s ear tenderly, smiling up at him. He looks so soft like this, leaning over him and smiling.

Seeing him like this makes Taehyung’s heart thump.

“I know a place,” he whispers, tilting his chin back to kiss the tip of his nose, grinning when Jungkook’s nose scrunches in response cutely. “We don’t have to do anything you aren’t comfortable with. You know that, right?”

Jungkook sighs, his smile softening as he tilts his head to kiss Taehyung's nose too. Nuzzling his nose against Taehyung's, his heart flutters happily.

"I know that," he whispers, sliding his hands from Taehyung's shirt to cup his cheeks. "If I'm not comfortable with anything, I'll tell you."

Taehyung leans into his hands, turning his head to press a kiss against one of his palms. Jungkook’s touch is so warm to his cold skin that sometimes it feels like he can feel the warmth seeping to the deepest, darkest and coldest parts of him.

Warming them up, slowly, too.

“Good,” he says, brushing Jungkook’s bangs back for him. He kisses him one last time before he lifts him and places him back in the passenger seat. “The relocation will be worth it, I promise.”

Jungkook would be lying if Taehyung lifting him as if he weighed nothing doesn't do things to him. (He's used to being the strong one.) Flustered and flushed, he settles into his seat as his heart races, the realization of what they're about to do finally hitting him.

They're about to have sex.

He and Taehyung are going to have sex.

Like, full on penetrative sex.

Clicking his seatbelt back in, he smooths his hands over his pants before he takes Taehyung's hand and laces their fingers together. "So... where are we going?" he asks, glancing over at Taehyung, chewing on his lower lip excitedly.

Taehyung glances at him as he puts the car into drive, a grin stretching across his lips. “You’ll see.”

They stop at a convenience store on the way (for necessary items like lube and condoms) and the drive isn’t terribly long. Taehyung holds Jungkook’s hand the whole time, humming along to the jazz playing quietly on the stereo.

He drives them outside of Seoul, east, until the city lights are replaced with mountains and a starry night sky.

And just a few minutes later, Taehyung is pulling off the road to park in front of a field of colorful flowers, the night sky bright and beautiful above them.

Jungkook gasps when he sees the flowers, all nervousness and insecurity forgotten as he scrambles out of the car. "Wow, it's beautiful," he whispers, closing the door behind him, shock melting into a warm, soft smile.

Glancing up at the sky, he sighs when he sees the stars. With all the light pollution in Seoul, he can't remember the last time he saw a sight like this. He's forgotten how beautiful the stars look, forming constellations above them.

"This is so romantic..."

Taehyung smiles as he comes up to stand behind him, his arms wrapping around his waist, chin resting on his shoulder.

“I thought you would like it,” he hums, nose nuzzling into his neck gently.

Jungkook leans back into Taehyung's arms, his heart fluttering and his smile widening. "I love it," he whispers, turning his head to glance back at Taehyung.

Taehyung, his handsome boyfriend. His sexy boyfriend.

(Who he's finally about to have sex with. Pretty epic sex, if any of his past life memories are anything to go by. Though... he's probably the least experienced of all his past selves.)

Twisting in Taehyung's arms, he pulls him in for a soft kiss. "So, um, how are we gonna do this?"

Taehyung can feel Jungkook’s nervous energy, so he reaches up to cup his cheeks and kiss him slowly, helping him relax again. When he breaks the kiss, he rests his forehead against Jungkook’s, gazing into his eyes lovingly.

“Well… there’s the backseat of the car,” he suggests. “Or out here in the flowers. We can use my jacket as a blanket for the ground.”

Jungkook's cheeks flush an even brighter red, his breath catching in his throat as he thinks about it.

"There's also the, um... hood of your car," he suggests, his heart stuttering at the idea.

Taehyung hums, his smile growing as he hears Jungkook’s heart flutter at the mention of that. “You wanna do it on the hood of my car, love?” he teases, pulling back to take his hands and start leading him back to his car.

Seeing Jungkook’s cheeks flush red makes Taehyung smile even wider.

“Let’s do it,” Taehyung whispers, picking Jungkook up to set him on top of his car before climbing up and over him. 

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, a shudder ripping up his spine as anticipation settles in the pit of his stomach. "Okay," he whispers, wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck and pulling him closer, nuzzling their noses together.

His heart is racing, his head spinning and leaving him breathless.

"You're so perfect..."

Taehyung presses closer against him, lips hovering over Jungkook’s. “That’s you,” he whispers before kissing him again.

As their lips move together, Taehyung slides one hand down to grip Jungkook’s hip, the other holding himself up over him. He settled himself between Jungkook’s legs, deepening the kiss with his tongue.

“So beautiful,” Taehyung whispers as he breaks the kiss, lips pressing down his jaw slowly. “The most beautiful person I’ve ever laid eyes on in my hundreds of years of life.”

Jungkook sighs, his head tilting back as he makes room for Taehyung's lips to explore. "Really?" he asks, fingers weaving through Taehyung's hair. "Including all the other me's?"

They were all so beautiful, he thinks. Especially the first one...

Taehyung’s lips move down his jaw slowly before leading to his ear. “You get more beautiful every lifetime,” he whispers, nose brushing against his hair.

He pulls back just enough to look down at him lovingly, fingers brushing through his blonde hair.

“Are you worried about how I feel towards you because of past yous?” Taehyung asks gently.

Jungkook's heart flutters as he leans into Taehyung's touch. And even though he's nervous, he's still smiling, looking up at Taehyung like he put the stars in the sky.

"A little bit," he whispers, reaching up to place his hand over Taehyung's. "I know you love me. I'm just... It's stupid, but I'm not as experienced, you know?"

“It’s not stupid,” Taehyung murmurs, cupping his cheek gently. He looks at him sincerely, wanting him to know he means it. “We can take this as slow as you want, Jungkook-ah. I’m in no hurry.”

He nuzzles their noses together and pecks his lips softly, then both of his cheeks.

“I have loved every single you I’ve known, because they’re all parts of you,” he tells him. “But the you in front of me right now — you’re the one I’m

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, his heart racing as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck. "I love you," he whispers, pulling Taehyung in for another kiss. And another. 

And with every brush of lips, he feels his heart beat even harder. 

"And I want you... Here and now."

Taehyung nudges their noses together as he looks down at him, red eyes full of want. “You have me,” he whispers. “Anytime, anywhere, beloved.”

He kisses him again, hand sliding down his chest and stomach slowly, feeling him through his clothes. Taehyung never gets over how sexy Jungkook is, how much he wants to take his time kissing every single inch of his body.

As he licks into Jungkook’s mouth, he starts to work open Jungkook’s jean button and zipper.

Jungkook moans, kissing Taehyung back just as passionately, with just as much (if not more) want. Just feeling Taehyung's hands on his body -- over his clothes -- makes his head spin, and he feels almost breathless with desire.

He loves Taehyung so much.

And wants him so badly.

Rocking up into Taehyung's hand, he slides his fingers down to tug at Taehyung's shirt, wanting it off. Wanting to see him under the light of the moon and stars above them.

Taehyung moans quietly into the kiss, fingers ghosting over Jungkook’s half hard cock over his briefs. He pulls back to tug his pants down and off, leaning over to toss them into the car through the open window.

He takes this moment to remove his own shirt, too, tossing it into the car next.

“Fuck, you drive me crazy,” he whispers as he leans down over him again, catching his lips in a slow and sweet kiss, his fingers wrapping around his cock and giving it a few slow strokes.

Jungkook sighs into the kiss, a low moan slipping past his lips as he rocks up into Taehyung's hand. Taehyung's touches burn him in all the right ways, setting him alight in a way he's never felt before.

(Should it surprise him? That Taehyung knows every inch of his body better than he does himself?)

Sliding his hands down Taehyung's back, he grips his ass tight before tugging at his pants. He wants them off; wants to see Taehyung completely bare on top of him.

Needs it more than he needs air.

Taehyung chuckles against his lips as he pulls back just enough to undo his own belt and drop his pants down to his ankles. He hovers over Jungkook again, lips finding his as he continues to tease his cock slowly.

As their kiss heats up again, he fumbles around his pants still around his ankles to dig into his pocket for the lube he bought on the way here, slowly settling in between Jungkook’s legs, looking down at him.

“You’re so beautiful,” Taehyung murmurs, eyes full of love as he takes in Jungkook’s flushed skin, his kiss swollen lips. “More beautiful than the flowers or the sky. I don’t care to see anything unless it’s you.”

Jungkook shudders, his cheeks flushing even brighter as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and pushes him closer. Using his feet, he pushes Taehyung's pants off the rest of the way as he leans up to kiss him.

His heart is racing, his head spinning with so much desire -- so much love and adoration -- that he isn't sure what to do with it. All he knows is that he's so lucky.

That's never felt so loved.

"You're so beautiful," he whispers, his eyes full of love too as he looks up at Taehyung, bare and beautiful above him. "I love you so much, Taehyung..."

Taehyung smiles, his forehead resting against Jungkook’s. “I love you, too,” he murmurs, eyes sparkling with it, overflowing with it.

Popping the cap to the lube, Taehyung spreads a generous amount on his fingers, running them together to warm it as he slowly pushes Jungkook’s legs apart a little more.

“Tell me if you want me to stop,” Taehyung whispers as he kisses Jungkook again, fingers moving down to tease at his hole.

Jungkook's sighs, his eyelids fluttering closed as he spreads his legs even wider. "Oh fuck," he whispers against Taehyung's lips, a moan bubbling up his throat. The feeling of Taehyung teasing him -- of Taehyung on top of him -- makes him feel better than he ever has.

And they've barely even started. 

Kissing Taehyung even deeper, he rocks up against Taehyung's touch, silently begging for more. 

Taehyung can’t help but smirk against his lips, loving how his body responds to him. Loving how vocal and sensitive Jungkook is. It’s always been a turn on, but now, with nothing but the night and flowers and stars around, everything hits even better.

Circling his finger around Jungkook’s rim, he slowly presses one fingertip inside, licking into Jungkook’s mouth when he moans again.

Jungkook gasps, his back arching off the car as his hold on Taehyung tightens. He feels dizzy with want, his nails digging into Taehyung's back as his toes curl and his thighs shake.

Wrapping his legs around Taehyung's waist, he pulls him closer as he kisses him back just as passionately.

Loving the way that Taehyung feels inside of him.

Taehyung slowly starts moving his finger in and out, his thumb rubbing against his rim as he kisses him harder, sucking on his tongue. He loves how responsive Jungkook is, how his body naturally reacts to Taehyung, how sexy he is.

Fuck, he’s missed this.

He’s yearned for this, to feel this close and whole and happy for so long now that his head is spinning with the euphoria as though he’s drunk on it.

Gently biting on Jungkook’s bottom lip playfully, Taehyung slips his finger out only to slowly press in two.

Another gasp slips past Jungkook's lips, his eyelids fluttering as he rocks his hips, trying to fuck himself on Taehyung's fingers. "Feels so good," he moans, tightening around Taehyung's fingers, pulling them in deeper.

Slowly, his eyes flutter open and he looks up at Taehyung, his breath leaving his lungs at the sight above him. Taehyung, so beautiful and wonderful, practically sparkling under the light of the moon. And Jungkook knows how lucky he is to be here.

How lucky he is to have Taehyung in his life.

“You’re so beautiful,” Taehyung whispers as he looks lovingly down at him. He curls his fingers as he starts to scissor them, stretching him slowly, wanting to make it feel good for him.

He knows Jungkook’s body like the back of his hand, knows just what drives him crazy and makes his toes curl.

“My beloved,” he murmurs as he ducks down to kiss at Jungkook’s neck again, pumping his fingers in and out, teasing at his rim with a third one.

Jungkook tilts his head back, offering his neck to Taehyung as he moans desperately. "Oh fuck, Tae," he whispers, nails digging into Taehyung's back, legs tightening around his waist. "Just like that--"

It shouldn't surprise him how good Taehyung is able to make him feel; how every touch burns through him and makes him shudder. His toes curl with every brush against his prostate, moans slipping from his lips, desperation mounting.

Taehyung’s fangs elongate as he pulls his fingers out, finally pressing three in and immediately curling them to hit Jungkook’s prostate. His own cock is hard and heavy, leaking against his skin, but he pays it no mind.

As his fingers continue to hit Jungkook’s prostate, stretching him out more, Taehyung sinks his fangs into his neck.

Gasping, Jungkook's back snaps off the hood of the car, his eyes rolling back in his head as a low, guttural groan punches its way from his lungs. "Oh fuck, Tae... Tae," he whispers, nails scratching up Taehyung's back as he rocks up into the fingers fucking into him.

It feels so good, but it's not enough. He wants more.

"Love you so much. Want your cock so bad--"

Taehyung moans against his neck, tongue licking up any blood that drops down his skin. He curls his fingers to rub against Jungkook’s prostate again, loving how his body writhes underneath him.

Slipping his fingers out as he retracts his fangs and licks the wound closed, Taehyung looks down at Jungkook with hooded eyes.

“Could spend eternity between your legs,’love,” he murmurs as he grabs for a condom and the lube. “And it still wouldn’t be enough.”

Jungkook looks up at Taehyung, his breath caught in his throat as they lock eyes. A shiver rips through him, his mind reeling as he grips Taehyung tighter, as if grounding himself in this moment.

And he's seen this moment a lot, in the memories he's dreamt about. He's seen how perfectly they move together; felt the ecstasy of Taehyung on top of him.

But nothing compares to the real thing.

"It wouldn't be enough for me either," he whispers, hands sliding up to grip Taehyung's cheeks and pull him in for another kiss.

Taehyung hums as he kisses him back, settling between his legs again, fingers slowly pushing his thighs up toward his chest a little. He rubs his cock against Jungkook’s entrance, moaning at the feeling when the tip catches on his rim, but not pushing in just yet.

“Love you so much,” he whispers heatedly as he finally, slowly pushes into him, pausing to let Jungkook adjust as he goes.

And when he bottoms out, he presses kisses all over Jungkook’s face, fingers brushing his hair back.

Jungkook feels like he can barely breathe, his head dropping onto the car as a breathy whine leaves his lips. He's never felt so full before -- so complete -- and just that is enough to set him alight, shivers ripping up his spine as he tightens around Taehyung's cock.

"Love you so much too," he whispers, melting underneath Taehyung's touch. "Feels so good--"

Taehyung watches him carefully, watches as his expression melts into one of pleasure, his lips parting. Jungkook is so gorgeous and sexy that it makes Taehyung want to ravish him.

Slowly, he pulls almost all the way out before pressing back in, working up a slow bit deep pace as Jungkook gets used to him.

“Fuck,” Taehyung moans breathlessly. “Feels amazing, love—"

Jungkook lets out another shuddering sigh, a low moan slipping past his lips as he feels Taehyung fill him up again and again and again. The pace is so slow, so perfect, every nudge of Taehyung's cock against his prostate making him whine.

But as he adjusts, he wants more.

Wrapping his legs around Taehyung's hips, he pulls him closer, rocking up to meet his thrusts and push him in even deeper. "Fuck, Tae," he groans, gasping with every thrust, warmth flooding through him. "Harder--"

Taehyung moans as he’s pressed deeper into Jungkook, their bodies as close together as they possibly can be. His lips kiss down his neck sloppily, his hips snapping harder and faster.

It’s intoxicating how Jungkook’s body tightens around him, sucking him in deeper. How he gasps and moans and whines and writhes beneath him.

Fuck, Taehyung doesn’t ever want this moment to end.

Jungkook's back arches off the hood of the car, his hold on Taehyung tightening as he rocks his hips back to meet every thrust. With every thrust against his prostate, he moans, his nails digging into Taehyung's back, scratching at his skin.

"Oh-- just like that," he moans, his thighs shaking, his entire body tingling in pleasure. He's never felt this good before; this incredible. And he loves it so much.

Taehyung groans, one hand sliding down to grab one of Jungkook’s thighs and holding it tighter against his hip, angling his cock to hit Jungkook’s prostate every thrust in.

He sucks a mark against his neck, his fangs just lightly grazing over his skin, tongue licking over the blood that drips from the scratches before healing them.

“Perfect for me,” he growls, hips snapping as he thrusts in faster, skin slapping skin. “Made for my cock.”

Jungkook's eyes roll back as he bares his throat to Taehyung, loving the way Taehyung's fangs feel against his skin. Slipping his fingers into Taehyung's hair, he tugs desperately at the silky strands. 

Taehyung's words burn right through him, moans coming out in gasps as he fucks himself on Taehyung's cock. "Want your cock everyday," he whimpers, his stomach tightening, his toes curling. "

I've never-- felt so good before--"

“That’s right,” Taehyung pants, nose and mouth nuzzling against his neck. “No one can make you feel this good. No one’s cock is as good as mine.”

With another growl, he sinks his fangs into Jungkook’s neck as he pounds into him, pushing one of his thighs up toward his chest to fuck his cock in deeper.

Every time Jungkook tightens around him is heaven, and with his blood on his tongue, Taehyung can feel himself getting closer and closer.

Jungkook cries out when he feels Taehyung's fangs sink into his skin, his entire body tightening as intense, mind numbing pleasure rolls through him in waves. He knows he's addicted to the feeling of Taehyung biting into him; loves the feeling of Taehyung sucking his blood.

Just like he knows he's addicted to the way Taehyung fucks him so perfectly.

, Tae," he whines, feeling his gut wind itself even together as he gets closer to his own release. "Love you so much.

Taehyung is euphoric as a blood rush hits, has him seeing stars. His entire body is buzzing with it, tongue flicking across Jungkook’s skin as he fucks him good and deep.

And when he pulls his fangs out, licking the wound half closed, he brings his hand down to wrap around Jungkook’s cock, stroking him in time with his thrusts into him.

“Yeah, baby?” he whispers hotly against his skin. “Come for me. Show me how good my cock makes you feel.”

Jungkook whines, rocking his hips up in time with Taehyung's, his mind delirious with pleasure. Every thrust -- every touch -- gets him closer and closer to the edge, heat building in his stomach until he's sure it'll boil over.

-- Tae, love your cock," he groans, practically babbling as he tugs at Taehyung's hair, fucking up into his hand. "Right there, don't stop--

His orgasm hits him hard, his spine snapping up as he cries out and tightens around Taehyung.

Taehyung is breathless when Jungkook comes, tightening around him and sucking him in deep. Fuck, it’s almost enough to send Taehyung over the edge to.

He groans as he sucks another mark into his skin on his chest. 

And as he works Jungkook through his orgasm, the tight heat of him has Taehyung spilling into him just a few thrusts later, moaning low in his throat as he does.

Jungkook keeps rocking his hips, desperately trying to ride out his orgasm. He's pretty sure he's never come this hard; but he's also never had anyone quite like Taehyung.

(Or anyone aside from Sungmin, really.)

Clinging to Taehyung even harder, he moans with every thrust, pleasure rolling through him until he's sensitive and overstimulated. Collapsing back on the car with a heavy sigh, a few weak moans and shudders rip through him at the feeling of Taehyung still fucking into him. His chest is heaving, sweat clinging to his body as he tries to catch his breath.

And as soon as he locks eyes with Taehyung's, he smiles, completely blissed out and satisfied in a way he's never been.

Taehyung leans down to kiss him as his hips finally slow to a stop, unable to help himself when Jungkook looks so cute and wrecked underneath him.

“You’re so cute,” he whispers against his lips as he slowly pulls out and lets Jungkook’s legs back down.

Tying off the condom to throw away later, he lays down next to Jungkook on the roof of the car, looking over at him in the moonlight.

“How was that?” he asks, smile smug, knowing damn well he just blew Jungkook’s mind.

Jungkook sighs, feeling boneless as he all but collapses onto the hood of the car. He's still panting, the cool air feeling nice against his too warm skin. And when he looks over at Taehyung, his heart skips a beat.

"Incredible," he whispers, his cheeks flushing and his grin widening.

Goddamn, Taehyung's hot. Especially when he's confident.

"I, um... didn't realize sex could be that good."

Taehyung’s fingers come up to gently brush through Jungkook’s blonde locks, his lips tugging up into a wider smile.

“Well, you’ll never have to go with mediocre sex again,” he says softly, leaning in to peck his lips again. “I’ll always make you feel good.”

Jungkook sighs against Taehyung's lips, rolling over to be closer to him. And his heart is racing as he slips his fingers through Taehyung's hair and holds him closer. 

"I hope I made you feel good too," he whispers, but even through the little insecurities tugging at his mind, his heart still feels so full. 

Because he's so lucky to be here, on this earth, in Taehyung's arms. 

So lucky to be loved. 

Taehyung smiles softly at him, bringing one of his arms up so Jungkook can use it as a pillow, the other wrapping around his waist to hold him close.

“Best sex I’ve ever had,” he whispers sincerely. “You made me feel amazing, love. Nothing mediocre about what just happened.”

He kisses him again gently, his eyes half lidded as he looks at him. He knows they should probably leave, maybe go take a shower and climb into bed at his place.

But Taehyung just wants to hold Jungkook a little longer like this.

Jungkook's heart practically explodes, his breath catching in his throat as he looks up at Taehyung with wide, sparkling eyes. His cheeks flush a deep red, bleeding into his eyes as he feels his heartbeat in his throat.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him in for a kiss, deep and loving and warm. And he doesn't want to let go.

Wants to bask in this moment forever.

"I love you so much," he whispers against Taehyung's lips in between kisses. "My soulmate."

“And I love you, my beloved,” Taehyung answers as he kisses Jungkook, gathering him in his arms to hold him close.

They stay like that for a while, enjoying the view and quiet, kissing under the stars. But eventually it gets colder for Jungkook, so Taehyung gets them both dressed and into the car to drive home.

But the entire drive, he keeps his fingers laced with Jungkook’s, basking in the glow of being with his soulmate.

As does Jungkook, who feels as if he's glowing. As if his heart has taken wing and is flying him high above the clouds.

He truly can't believe how lucky he is. To have found Taehyung.

To be loved by Taehyung.

To get to love Taehyung in this life.

And as exhaustion and satisfaction sink into his bones, his smile warm and soft, he knows he has many more days of this to look forward to. Because he and Taehyung will have forever together.

It’s a few days later that Taehyung finds himself alone in his apartment. He’d spent the entire weekend with Jungkook, the two of them wrapped around each other in his bed, kissing and having slow, deep morning sex.

But Jungkook had work today and Taehyung couldn’t distract him.

Not when he has an important deadline coming up.

He’s been waiting with his phone all day for Jungkook to call after finishing work. Call him clingy — he is. And he doesn’t even careful.

He can’t wait to be with Jungkook again.

His phone buzzes and Taehyung doesn’t even look at the number before he’s answering it, already heading for the door with his keys to drive to Jungkook’s apartment.

“Taehyung?” It’s Namjoon’s voice, sounding panicked and out of breath. “Taehyung, there’s — there’s been an accident. It’s Jungkook—“

Taehyung feels dread wash over his entire body, turning him stiff, his heart shattering in his chest.

He can feel his soul crying out — already embracing for the pain that he knows will come next.

The inevitability they've both feared; both been waiting for.

CHAPTER 10 - memories

Namjoon is pacing the hospital waiting room anxiously, Yoongi watching him from a bench while Seokjin talks to one of the nurses. Yoongi doesn't think he's ever seen Namjoon like this before; usually he's unflappable and confident, even in the most nerve-wracking scenarios.

But he can't blame Namjoon at all, because the anxiety curling around his gut is overpowering, rooting him to the bench as his mind conjures every terrible scenario he can think of.

"Joon, c'mere," he says, waving Namjoon over. Namjoon paces in his direction before moving in circles around the bench, chewing his nails. "It's gonna be okay."

"You weren't there," Namjoon whispers, pained. And it hurts Yoongi too. He can only imagine the horrors that Namjoon saw when the car swerved around the corner and struck Jungkook down.  But...

They have to hope it's going to be okay.

Taehyung arrives out of breath having been too terrified to even bother with his car. Careless, as he could have been seen, but he doesn’t care. All he cares about is Jungkook.

“Where is he?” Taehyung demands as soon as he finds the others in the waiting room. “What happened?”

His eyes are wild with panic, his entire body trembling as his mind tries to prepare him for the pain of losing his soulmate once again.

For knowing that it’s his fault it’s happening.

Seokjin immediately steps in, the most calm out of the three of them. Placing a hand on Taehyung's shoulder, he squeezes gently. "He's in surgery right now," he says as evenly as he can, though he can't deny the way his own heart is shattering knowing that Jungkook is hurt.

"He and Joonie were walking and he was hit by a speeding car. The doctors are optimistic though."

Taehyung falters back a step, his jaw dropping and eyes glossing over with tears. He just saw him this morning — just kissed him in his bed, held him in his arms.

He didn’t want to leave, but Jungkook had to work and—

And now, he’s going to lose him.

“It’s gonna be okay,” Yoongi says when he can see the clear distress cross Taehyung’s features. “The doctors are optimistic.”

Taehyung chokes on a sob and shakes his head.

Seokjin and Namjoon share a look, neither of them sure how to comfort Taehyung. They don't know him well enough, but... they both understand the anxiety of having someone you love in the hospital.

They're right there too.

Squeezing Taehyung's shoulder again, Seokjin carefully pulls him in for a half-hug, trying to be as comforting as he can. "He's going to be fine, Taehyung," he says as evenly as possible.

Even Namjoon tries to reign in his own anxiety, putting on a brave face.

"Jungkook's a fighter," Namjoon says with a hopeful smile.

Taehyung is inconsolable, though. Because the others don’t understand — they don’t know that this is not the first time Taehyung has lost Jungkook.

The curse is never ending.

He collapses into a chair in the waiting room, his head down in his hands, trying to take deep breaths. Each one feels like glass is entering his lungs, but he can hardly feel the pain.

The emotional pain is overwhelming.

The waiting is torture.

Jungkook's friends try their best to comfort Taehyung -- and themselves -- even though it feels like a lost cause. Because they have to be optimistic.

If only to keep themselves from breaking down too.

By the time the doctor comes out into the waiting room, it's close to midnight and the four of them look as exhausted as they feel. But as soon as they see him, they all sit up straight, waiting with bated breath.

"Mr. Kim?" he asks, looking over at Seokjin (Jungkook's emergency contact, of course). "Mr. Jeon just got out of surgery and is resting."

Namjoon, Seokjin, and Yoongi breathe a collective sigh of relief, relaxing almost immediately.

Taehyung barely registers the words, having been prepared for death. But when Yoongi reaches out to gently pull him in by the arm, Taehyung can barely stop himself from crying again.

He’s never felt so weak and helpless — still unsure if he’s going to lose him.

“You can go see him,” the doctor continues. “He’ll be sleeping for a while.”

"Thank you, doctor," Seokjin says, bowing appreciatively before taking Namjoon and Yoongi's hands and leading them toward Taehyung's room. Yoongi places his hand on the small of Taehyung's back, bringing him with them.

When they get to Jungkook's room, the sight that greets them is a grim one. Jungkook is asleep in the bed, bandaged up from the surgery, cuts and bruises littering his skin. He looks so small in the bed; so delicate.

But the relief they feel is palpable.

Taehyung takes a seat right at his bedside, fingers delicate as they take Jungkook’s hand into his own. His heart is a mess of fear and panic and worry, but the relief at seeing Jungkook still breathing is enough.

“Poor kid,” Yoongi murmurs as he stands at the foot of the hospital bed. “Can’t believe this happened to him…"

Namjoon takes a seat at Jungkook's other side, looking down at his friend as his heart aches in his chest. "I know. I was there, it was... terrifying," he whispers, looking back up at Yoongi and Seokjin.

"I know. He's a fighter though, he's gonna be okay," Seokjin whispers, placing a hand on Yoongi's shoulder and squeezing.

Yoongi leans into the comfort, his frown deepening as he nods. They have to think positively right now especially. Jungkook needs that.

The hours tick by, and one by one Jungkook’s friends decide who will stay and who will come back in the morning.

Taehyung doesn’t need to play rock, paper, scissors to know that he’s staying.

“I’ll stay,” he tells them when they suggest the game. “You guys go get some rest. I’m fine here with him.”

The three of them share a look before they nod in resignation. "We'll be back first thing in the morning," Seokjin says, gently squeezing Taehyung's shoulder. "Take care of yourself, okay? And call us if you need anything at all."

Namjoon offers Taehyung a small smile, and it's obvious he feels conflicted about leaving Taehyung alone. But he's sure Taehyung can handle himself.

And that Jungkook will be awake soon.

Writing their numbers down on a piece of scrap paper, he leaves it at Jungkook's bedside. "Also, Jungkook's parents will be here tomorrow morning too. They're trying to catch the earliest flight they can back home."

After saying their final good-byes, the three of them leave the hospital to get some rest for the next day. And when the door closes behind them, the room is bathed in silence and in darkness with nothing but Jungkook's heart monitor.

Taehyung doesn’t sleep, but he wishes he could. Passing the hours like this, simply holding Jungkook’s hand and waiting for him to wake up feels like torture.

Every minute feels like an eternity.

He feels exhausted when the sun starts to come up, still haunched over the bed, holding his hand delicately.

Slowly, Jungkook starts to stir in the bed, his fingers twitching as his eyes slowly flutter open.

The first thing he sees is Taehyung, hunched over him. And as a smile tugs at the corners of his lips, the first thing he feels is a deep aching in his body, a flare of pain as he shifts in the bed. "Taehyungie?" he asks, his voice raspier than he remembers. "Where'm I?"

Taehyung’s head snaps up at the sound of Jungkook’s voice, his eyes widening at the sight of him awake. He’s on his feet in seconds, still holding his hand while his other comes up to cup his cheek gently.

“Oh thank fuck,” he breathes out in relief. “You’re awake.”

He presses a soft kiss to Jungkook’s forehead, his eyes burning with tears as he looks down at him. He looks so frail and weak and it breaks Taehyung’s heart seeing him like this.

“You were in an accident. You’re in the hospital.”

Jungkook sighs as his eyes flutter closed, his entire being leaning into Taehyung's touch. "Guess that explains the pain," he mumbles, exhausted as he tries to relax on the bed.

It's hard. Every muscle in his body aches, and he's sure he looks worse than he feels. 

Taking a deep breath, he exhales slowly as disjointed memories from the accident start flooding back to him: him and Namjoon laughing as they walked down the street to grab coffee, the sound of screeching tires, and the pain of being struck by something moving much faster than it should.

Opening his eyes again, he looks back up at Taehyung with a wry smile. Because as much pain as he's in, at least he's still alive. "How bad is it?"

Taehyung’s mouth screws into a frown, thumb brushing over his cheek. “They had to do surgery but they said you’ll be okay,” he says gently.

Brushing Jungkook’s hair back, he sighs.

“Thank you for living,” he murmurs, a few tears slipping down his cheeks.

Jungkook leans into Taehyung's touch, his heart aching worse than his body as he looks up at his boyfriend.

At the love of his life.

Crying and heartbroken.

Reaching up, he winces as he touches Taehyung's cheek. His arm feels heavy and he can see the bandages wrapped around what he can only assume are wounds. But the pain doesn't matter to him.

He just wants to hold Taehyung.

"I told you I was gonna live," he hums, offering Taehyung a small, hopeful smile.

Taehyung loses it then, his entire body crumbling down as he sobs, pressing his face into the crook of Jungkook’s neck. He’s gentle as he holds him, not wanting to hurt him, catching his hand to help him bring it down slowly.

The relief is there, but the crushing weight of fear isn’t far behind.

Taehyung has felt loss — he knows it well.

But this Jungkook… he can’t lose him.

He can’t survive that.

Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung, holding him as best he can. Even if it hurts, he doesn't care.

Because this is all he cares about.

"It's okay, Taehyungie," he whispers, tugging Taehyung closer, wanting to cuddle up against him. "You're never gonna lose me..."

Taehyung’s entire body trembles, wanting to scoop Jungkook into his arms and protect him from everything forever.

“I—I thought I lost you,” he sobs, arms wrapping around him, face buried into his neck. “I can’t—“

When Jungkook tugs him closer again, Taehyung slowly gets into the bed beside him, careful not to hurt him, arms wrapping around him again.

Jungkook sighs, holding Taehyung as tight as he can without hurting himself. And it feels so good, being in Taehyung's arms like this, the two of them curled up together.

"I know, Tae," he whispers, kissing Taehyung gently. "You didn't lose me though. I'm right here and I'm not going anywhere."

Taehyung nods, choking on another sob. He tries to reign his emotions in, but the fear is gripping. 

Getting to hold him in his arms, to hear his heart beating and feel his warm body against him helps. It takes a bit, his body slowly relaxing, his shoulders slowly stop shaking.

“Thank you,” he whispers against his skin shakily. “Thank you for not leaving me.”

"I'm never gonna leave you," Jungkook whispers, running his hand up and down Taehyung's back, feeling himself relax too. It feels so good -- so right -- being in Taehyung's arms. It always does.

But right now, it feels even better.

"I'm gonna spend my life with you. Grow old with you." He blushes at the thought, his eyes fluttering closed and his smile widening. "Marry you..."

Taehyung chokes on another sob, the sound broken and pained, his arms curling around him even more. He presses his face into Jungkook’s neck, inhaling his scent, listening to his heart.

“I want that,” he whispers, just imagining the possibility too painful. “I want that so bad. It’s all I want — I want to grow old with you, to marry you.”

Because he doesn’t get older. Because he’s a monster — a monster that is cursed to lose his soulmate every single time.

And this is just a cruel reminder that Jungkook’s life hangs on by a thread of fate, and there’s nothing Taehyung can do about it.

"I'll give you all of that and more," Jungkook whispers, holding Taehyung as tight as he can. It isn't much, but it's enough for him. And what he can't hold, he makes up for in kisses, pressing them gently against Taehyung over and over again.

"I'm a sore loser, Taehyungie. I'm gonna fight death itself for our future. And until then, I'm not going anywhere..."

Taehyung lets out a watery laugh, lifting his head to look at Jungkook, eyes sparkling with tears and relief at the same time. Gently, he cradles his jaw and presses a soft kiss to his lips.

“Good,” he whispers, letting out a long exhale. “Because I can’t lose you. It would hurt more than any other you I’ve ever lost.”

Jungkook reaches up, brushing his fingers through Taehyung's hair before pulling him in for another gentle kiss. Somehow Taehyung's words make his heart ache and flutter at the same time.

Knowing that Taehyung loves him so much is the world.

But also remembering how much Taehyung's suffered.

"I know, Taehyungie. And I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that doesn't happen."

Taehyung nods, curling almost protectively around Jungkook in the hospital bed. He’s not going

“Okay,” he says, kissing his cheek, right over a scar. “Okay.”

He spends the next hour in bed with Jungkook, holding him, brushing fingers through his hair. Even when the doctor comes to examine him, Taehyung stays right where he is, watching with a critical eye.

When the doctor makes Jungkook groan in pain from pressing a little too hard, Taehyung has to bite back a hiss.

Jungkook laughs quietly when he feels Taehyung tense up, his heart fluttering. "Cute," he says, turning to Taehyung and kissing him gently on the nose.

He loves Taehyung so much.

His perfect soulmate.

It's so easy to relax after the doctor leaves, especially with Taehyung curled up against him. He even takes a little bit of a nap, the exhaustion from the pain and drugs sinking in. He doesn't sleep for long though, waking up when he hears a knock at the door. And when his eyes flutter open, he sees Jimin and Hoseok peeking in, both of them looking worried (and Jimin carrying a cooler that's probably filled with blood bags for Taehyung).

"Hey, how're you doing?" Jimin asks, walking into the room.

Taehyung brushes his fingers through Jungkook’s hair gently, glancing up at Jimin and Hoseok as they shut the door and come in to sit down beside the bed.

“He’s on the mend,” Taehyung tells them, lips quirking up just slightly. “Is that blood?”

When Jimin nods, Taehyung wets his lips hungrily. They don’t taste nearly as good as Jungkook, but since Jungkook is healing, Taehyung won’t drink from him.

Plus, he’s pretty sure it would drug him, too.

“Oh,” Hoseok says as he sits down in the chair and looks at Jungkook. “Wow, hey, congrats on breaking your curse! That’s so exciting for you guys!”

Taehyung furrows his brows and looks at Jungkook.

Jungkook's eyes widen as he looks between Taehyung and Hoseok. Taehyung's still cold to the touch; still looks the same as he always has. "Um, I'm pretty sure Taehyung's still a vampire," he says, smiling at Hoseok sheepishly.

Hoseok sighs, exasperated. "Not Taehyung's curse,

curse," he says, gesturing to Jungkook.

"What?" Jungkook asks unhelpfully, glancing over at Taehyung, confused.

"Wait, you never noticed?" Hoseok asks, his eyebrows furrowing. "You had a big death curse hanging over your head. Like, a massive one. But it's gone now..."

Taehyung looks just as lost as Jungkook does.

“I didn’t know Jungkook was cursed,” he says, eyebrows furrowing. “Death curse? But… but it’s me that was cursed by his mother. It’s my curse that kills him every lifetime.”

Hoseok tilts his head to the side, looking a bit like a puppy. “Your curse is monstrous immortality,” he says. “But his curse was death.”

Jungkook looks between Taehyung and Hoseok, his mind racing a mile a minute. Which is faster than it should be racing with the amount of painkillers currently being pumped through him. "Death curse?" he asks.

And slowly, the pieces start to fit together.

Why he's always died when he gets too close to Taehyung.

It wasn't Taehyung's curse, but his own.

"Why would I be cursed?" he asks quietly, looking over at Taehyung.

Hoseok shrugs. "I dunno. Probably pissed off a witch, I guess."

Taehyung sucks in a sharp breath, sitting up slightly.

“Or your mother a few centuries ago,” he says. “She was a witch. She cursed me, but… I didn’t know she’d cursed you, too. Though I should have

she would — she killed you for wanting to run away with me.”

Jimin sets the cooler down beside the bed. “Well… then does that mean Jungkook isn’t going to die if you guys are together?”

Taehyung feels light headed at the thought.

“H-he won’t?” Taehyung asks, turning to look at Hoseok. “It wasn’t — it wasn’t my fault that he died in all of the past lives?”

Hoseok shakes his head, his smile widening again. "No, you only have an immortality curse," he says, reaching over to squeeze Taehyung's arm. "If he died in the past, it was never your fault."

Jungkook feels lightheaded too, his eyes wide as he sits there, stunned. It's so much to process: the heavy weight of knowing he was carrying a curse; the relief of knowing he's not going to die being around Taehyung.

And the tightening in his gut at the realization that curses can be broken.

"How do you break a curse?" he asks, looking over at Hoseok.

Hoseok rubs the back of his neck, puffing his cheeks out. "Well, all witches are different I guess, but usually you have to, like, reverse the thing that got you cursed in the first place?"

Taehyung wants nothing more than to tackle Jungkook into bed and kiss him until he’s dizzy. The relief in his heart is unlike anything he’s ever felt in his life.

Jungkook isn’t going to die.

They can be together until Jungkook grows old and dies naturally — never alone.

He doesn’t even hear Jungkook’s question, the realization that his lifetimes of suffering are over. That his soul doesn’t have to bear the weight of being alone again so painfully.

“What did she curse you with, Tae?” Jimin asks, bringing his mind back. “Like do you remember? Maybe we can figure out how to reverse it.”

“She said that everyone will see me for the monster that I am,” he recalls. “And then I turned into this.”

Hoseok scratches at the side of his head, rolling Taehyung's words around his head for a bit. "Sounds complicated. I have no idea how you'd break something like that, but, like... all curses are breakable," he says, offering them both a hopeful smile.

And now it's Jungkook who starts to feel dizzy, his breath catching in his throat as he turns to Taehyung with wide eyes. "Taehyungie," he whispers, his heart racing as he grabs Taehyung's hand, squeezing it tight. "We could... break your curse too..."

Taehyung can’t even think of that.

He can’t get his hopes up like that.

“We could grow old together,” Taehyung whispers, his eyes widening. The thought alone sends a pang to his heart.

But how can he break it? He doesn’t even know where to start.

Jungkook's heart flutters again, pounding up against his chest as he reaches up to cup Taehyung's cheeks. "We could," he whispers, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips.

Before he's grinning.

"We're gonna grow old together, Taehyungie..." he whispers, pulling him in for a kiss.

As Taehyung kisses him back, Hoseok coos, which makes Taehyung blush a little bit. Jimin reaches into the cooler to grab a blood bag and toss it at Taehyung.

“You should have something to eat,” he tells him and Taehyung pouts.

It just doesn’t taste as good…

He sighs as he bites into the bag to start drinking it anyway.

Jungkook giggles as he leans against Taehyung, his smile so wide he's sure his face is going to split in half. "Once I'm out of here, you can feed from me," he teases.

Both Jimin and Hoseok makes a face and Jungkook laughs harder.

Taehyung smiles at that, looking forward to it already. His phone vibrates in his pocket, Namjoon’s face filling the screen.

“Hello?” he answers, pulling the blood bag away from his mouth. “Oh, yes he woke up. Hang on.”

He hands his phone to Jungkook, mouthing that it’s Namjoon, before going back to drinking his blood.

“Kook-ah? How are you feeling?” Namjoon asks as soon as Jungkook’s phone is to his ear.

Jungkook's entire face lights up, his smile widening as he cradles the phone in his hand. "Morning, hyung," he says, sounding a lot better than he did that morning. "I'm okay. Sore, bruised, but... doing better."

Leaning against Taehyung, his smile softens. "How are you?"

Namjoon sighs in relief. “Yah! You really scared us,” he whines, pout evident in his voice. “I’m glad you’re feeling better. Me and the hyungs are on our way. Your parents messaged me that they’re on their way, too.”

Taehyung hears that, turning to Jungkook with wide eyes.

“Wait, your mom just messaged again—“ there’s some shuffling on the other end as Namjoon checks it. “They just arrived. We’re bringing breakfast for you, be there in twenty minutes, okay?”

Jungkook doesn't notice Taehyung's change in expression right away, his heart feeling too warm at the thought of his parents coming to see him.

Though he does feel bad about them having to cancel their vacation early... He'll have to make it up to them. 

"Okay. Thanks hyung, I'll see you soon," he says, his heart melting even more. He's so lucky to have so many people who love him. Who want to take care of him. And he hopes he never takes that for granted. 

Hanging up the phone, he hands it back to Taehyung with a grin, which slips the moment he sees the shock on Taehyung's face. 

"What--" he starts, before he remembers. "Oh Tae, it's going to be okay. Neither of them are witches, I promise." Taking Taehyung's hand, he squeezes it tight. 

Taehyung isn’t convinced, eyes darting around to try and find a way out. “The last time I met your parents, I killed them and this mess started,” he says, eyeing the window. “I’m not—“

The door starts to open and Taehyung is gone in seconds, through the window, holding onto the outside of the building.

“Oh my god,” Hoseok says under his breath as the door opens all the way.

“Jungkook! Are you okay?” His mother’s voice is shrill with worry as she rushes around the bed to take his hand gently.

Jungkook's eyes are wide as he looks between his parents and the window. "I'm-- what?" he asks, confused and a little bit disappointed if he's being honest. "I'm okay..."

Turning toward his parents, he offers them a small smile, squeezing his mom's hand. 

"The doctor said you were in surgery," his father says, looking concerned and exhausted. 

"Well, I'm okay now..."

“Our friend Taehyung stayed with him all night so he wasn’t alone,” Jimin tells his parents for him, which seems to put him at ease. “In fact, you

“I’m glad you weren’t alone,” his mother says as she kisses his forehead. “I was so worried about you.”

“We should get out of here and let you rest with your parents,” Hoseok says as he also glances at the window.

Jungkook nods, glancing at the window again with a sigh. "Thanks for coming," he says, offering Jimin and Hoseok a smile. "I really appreciate it."

"It's no problem at all," Jimin says with a grin, packing up his thing (and grabbing the empty blood bag, of course). "Get well soon!"

Grabbing Hoseok's arm, he tugs him out the door, leaving 

"That's nice of your friends to stop by," Jungkook's father says, taking a seat next to Jungkook. "I'm sorry we missed your friend, Taehyung was it?"

Jungkook nods, leaning into his mom's touch. "Actually, he's my boyfriend..."

Jungkook’s mother gasps, grabbing his hand again. “Oh, we didn’t know you were dating again!” she smiles as she looks at her husband then back at Jungkook. “When is he coming back? Our next flight out isn’t for two days, we’ll stay here and wait! I want to meet him!”

From outside the window, dangling by his fingertips, Taehyung puts his forehead against the building in defeat.

Jungkook's smile widens as he squeezes his mom's hand. His heart flutters at her support -- and his father's, who takes his other hand -- and he can't help but laugh.

"I'm sure he'll be back eventually," he says, though he doesn't think Taehyung wants to meet them. "In the meantime, could you both get me something to eat from the cafeteria?"

Jungkook's father nods, squeezing Jungkook's hand as he offers him a smile. "Of course," he says, reaching for his wife's hand.

As soon as they leave the room, though his mother seems reluctant to leave him alone at all, the window slowly opens a little more and Taehyung climbs back inside. His fingertips ache a little from holding his weight for so long on a thin ledge.

“So,” he says, squaring his shoulders as if he didn’t just flee out a window on the 20th floor of a building to avoid this, “I guess I’m meeting your parents?”

Jungkook laughs, glancing over at Taehyung as he relaxes against the pillows his mom fluffed before they left. "If you aren't comfortable with meeting them, you don't have to," he says, though it's obvious in the way he looks down that the thought disappoints him.

"But if you want to stay, they're gonna love you."

Taehyung chews on his bottom lip anxiously. He doesn’t want to meet them, but… he doesn’t want to disappoint Jungkook either. And they’re important to him, have treated him well in this lifetime — and Taehyung doesn’t want them to think that their son is dating someone horrid.

Slowly, he comes over to sit down in the chair beside his bed, resting his hand over Jungkook’s.

“I won’t leave your side,” he says softly. “I’ll meet them, if you’re sure they’ll love me.”

Jungkook smiles softly, his heart fluttering as he takes Taehyung's hand and squeezes it tight. "They're going to love you because I love you," he whispers, lifting Taehyung's hand up to kiss his fingers. "I promise."

They don't have to wait long, Jungkook's parents reappearing with a tray of food from the cafeteria. And when they see Taehyung seated at Jungkook's side, their eyes widen before Jungkook's mom smiles.

"Mom, dad, this is Taehyung," he says happily, squeezing Taehyung's hand tighter. "My boyfriend."

Taehyung stands immediately, bowing politely to them both. He’s never felt this anxious before in front of other people, but it’s probably to do with the fact that it was Jungkook’s parents that started this mess all those centuries ago.

Not that they would know that in this lifetime.

“Hello,” Taehyung greets them. “I’m Kim Taehyung. It’s a pleasure to meet you both, though I wish it were under better circumstances.”

Shinhye steps forward, smile widening as they set the tray of food down for Jungkook on his bed table. “It’s lovely to meet you, Taehyung,” she tells him. “I heard you were here all night. Thank you for taking care of our son.”

Jungkook squeezes Taehyung's hand even tighter, his smile widening. "Taehyungie takes amazing care of me," he says with a laugh, looking up at Taehyung as if he put the stars in the sky.

And that isn't lost on Jihyun, who smiles at Taehyung too. "Hopefully our son isn't too much of a handful," he teases.

Jungkook scoffs, smacking at his dad. "I'm not that bad!"

“Not at all! He’s very kind and polite,” Taehyung says, not realizing that Jihyun is teasing. Shinhye laughs, brushing Jungkook’s hair back lovingly. “He’s perfect.”

Shinhye and Jihyun exchange a look, smiling. “He is perfect,” she agrees with a sigh. “My baby is perfect.”

She hugs his head to her chest, placing a loud kiss right on top of Jungkook’s head. Taehyung feels the corners of his lips tugging up, seeing Jungkook being doted on and loved so much.

Jungkook flushes, squirming underneath all of the attention, which only makes his parents laugh harder. "I'm not perfect," he mumbles, though he doesn't do much to push his mom off of him.

In fact, he may be basking in the attention.

"Nonsense. You're our son, of course you're perfect," Jihyun says with a laugh before glancing up at Taehyung. "Even your boyfriend agrees, which means he has impeccable taste."

Taehyung laughs a little, free hand lacing together with Jungkook’s again. Seeing how happy Jungkook is, knowing that they have a future together — that he gets to see Jungkook happy like this every day for years and years — it brings so much happiness to Taehyung’s chest.

Makes him smile wider than he has in

And now, more than ever before, Taehyung is determined to try and change his life.

To try and break the curse, so that he can truly grow old together with Jungkook.

Jungkook spends another night at the hospital, the doctor wanting to keep him for observation just to be sure.

He spends the rest of his stay curled up in Taehyung's arms, spending time with his parents, and talking with his friends. It's about as relaxing as a hospital stay can get, he thinks, though he's eager to leave.

The next morning, Jungkook is discharged. His parents insist on driving him and Taehyung to Taehyung's apartment, wanting to spend as much time with him as they can. "If you need anything at all, don't hesitate to call," Jihyun says as he pulls up in front of Taehyung's apartment building.

"I know, dad. Thanks," Jungkook says, taking Taehyung's hand as he crawls out of the car. He can't wait to be in a real bed.

Can't wait to be kissing Taehyung in private.

“Thank you for driving us,” Taehyung tells them politely as he slides across the seat to get out at the same side as Jungkook, still holding his hand. “I’ll take care of him.”

Shinhye turns in her seat to smile at Taehyung. “Thank you, Taehyung. We’ll feel so much more at ease knowing he’s with someone.”

He nods, offering them a small smile, too, before he gets out of the car. They wave as his parents drive off, and then Taehyung is sweeping Jungkook up to his building and into the elevator, holding him close.

“What would you like to eat?” Taehyung asks as they reach his apartment, putting in the passcode for his door. Shamelessly, it’s Jungkook’s birthday. “I can order food for you for delivery or pick something up.”

Jungkook hums, leaning against Taehyung as he considers his options. "Something simple. Maybe ramen?" he suggests, squeezing Taehyung's hand.

Just getting up to Taehyung's apartment exhausted him again and he's ready to curl up in Taehyung's bed and take a nap. But his stomach rumbles at the thought of food.

Taehyung smiles fondly at Jungkook when his stomach rumbles, pressing a kiss to the side of his head. “I’ll order ramen,” he says, pulling his phone out as he guides Jungkook to his bedroom. He orders ramen with all the fixings for Jungkook before grabbing comfortable clothes for him to change into.

Seeing the bruises on Jungkook’s skin makes Taehyung sad, so he presses soft kisses over each one that he sees as he helps him get dressed, pulling a silk shirt over his shoulders to start buttoning it up.

“If you want anything, you can tell me,” he tells Jungkook as he finishes buttoning the shirt for him. “I don’t care how silly or small. Anything you want, love.”

Jungkook sighs, his smile widening as he pulls Taehyung close and kisses him on the lips. "Right now, I wanna eat something delicious and then curl up in bed with you," he hums, peppering Taehyung's cheeks with little kisses. "But if I think of anything else, I'll let you know right away."

“Good,” Taehyung hums, smiling as he sneaks another kiss against Jungkook’s smiling lips, his fingers pushing his jeans down for him. When they hit the floor, he helps him into a pair of comfortable silk pajama pants.

His bed is made, clearly unused in quite some time. Taehyung pulls the covers back, fluffs all of the pillows, and then helps Jungkook slowly settle with his back against the pillows and headboard, making sure he’s comfortable.

“I wish I could take your pain away,” he says, pouting as he helps bring the blankets up around him, tucking him in. “I have strength and speed, but nothing to lessen the pain you feel.”

Jungkook sighs, relaxing on the bed as a small smile tugs at his lips. It feels nice to be doted on, especially by Taehyung. He could get used to this.

(Maybe he already has...)

"That's okay. I don't mind a little pain," he says, cuddling up in the bed. "I'll get better eventually."

Taehyung smiles seeing Jungkook cuddle into his bed, looking cozy and adorable. He crawls into bed next to him, putting himself up against the pillows, too, so Jungkook can also lean into him.

“And I’ll take care of you until you are,” he murmurs, kissing the side of his head. “And long after that, too.”

He smiles at Jungkook again before reaching for the remote on the bedside table to turn on the TV while he waits for Jungkook’s food to arrive. He lets him choose what to watch, the two of them cuddled up in his large bed, pressed together despite how much space they have to spread out.

Jungkook sighs as he cuddles up against Taehyung, letting himself really relax for the first time in a few days. It feels so nice -- so perfect -- being in Taehyung's bed.

"My parents really like you, you know," he teases, glancing up at Taehyung with a grin.

Taehyung looks down at him and smiles slightly, a slight flush on his cheeks. “First time for that,” he says.

He presses a kiss to Jungkook’s nose, endeared when it scrunches up slightly. 

“They were kind,” he tells him with a hum. “In most of your lives, they weren’t. Or they weren’t once you fell for me.”

"Maybe that was part of my curse," Jungkook says, smiling up at Taehyung before capturing his lips in a gentle, delicate kiss.

Sighing, he gets comfortable against Taehyung's side with a soft smile. "I still don't understand that. I wonder how I broke a curse I didn't know I had..."

Taehyung wraps his arms around him again, fingers absentmindedly brushing through his hair. He doesn’t quite understand either, if he’s being honest.

And he doesn’t know if he fully trusts it, either.

“I didn’t know you had one either,” he says, cheek resting against the top of Jungkook’s head. “I thought it was all me.”

Jungkook hums, curling up against Taehyung. "I knew you'd never hurt me," he whispers, his hand sliding up Taehyung's thigh and squeezing it gently. The thought of Taehyung hurting all those centuries, his heart breaking each and every time he died...

Especially knowing it was all his fault.

"I'm sorry I didn't know sooner. I could've saved you so much pain."

Taehyung gently taps under Jungkook’s chin, lifting his head so he can look at him. His eyes are full of love, a sparkle to them that wasn’t there the first few times they met in this life.

“You don’t owe me an apology,” he says, tone soft but firm. “The pain… if it brought me to this — to

, this you, who is free of the curse, then it was worth it.”

His thumb strokes lightly over Jungkook’s cheek, his heart broken yet stitched back together, thumps.

Jungkook's smile softens, his own heart racing as he leans up to kiss Taehyung. A sigh escapes his lips as he melts into the kiss, making it last.

And when he pulls back, he looks up at Taehyung, eyes full of love too. "Now we just need to break your curse," he hums, pulling Taehyung in for another kiss.

Taehyung’s curse is the furthest thing on his mind when Jungkook kisses him again, too focused on the way their lips move so naturally together. He hums, licking into Jungkook’s mouth, cradling his jaw gently.

He would be happy like this forever, he thinks.

Just as Taehyung deepens the kiss, his buzzer sounds and he pulls away, leaving one last peck against Jungkook’s lips before getting up to get the door. He sets the ramen and side dishes on a tray before bringing them to his bedroom, setting it up over Jungkook’s lap.

“Eat this so you can get better sooner,” Taehyung says, kissing the top of his head before getting back into bed beside him, arms wrapping gently around his waist. “And so we can kiss more.”

Jungkook laughs, curling up against Taehyung's side again as he looks down at the meal in front of him. "I feel like I haven't had a real meal in months," he says, grabbing his chopsticks so he can dig into his ramen.

He moans almost as soon as noodles hit his tongue. Chewing slowly, he tries to savor every bite and keep himself from devouring it too quickly.

"So, tell me more about past Taehyungie," he says, looking up at Taehyung before taking another bite.

Taehyung smiles, enjoying how Jungkook's cheeks bulge with food. It’s so endearing, especially when he makes cute pleased noises while he chews.

God, he is so in love with him.

“I came from a poor family,” he says. “I was studying to be a scholar when I fell for you. You were arranged to be wed to some noble family’s daughter.”

Jungkook swallows, reaching up to wipe some of the soup from his lips. "Wow, a scholar," he says, his smile widening into a grin and his heart fluttering. Taehyung's so cute.

He can only imagine how they met; how their romance blossomed.

"How did we fall in love?"

,” Taehyung answers with a grin, fingers combing through Jungkook’s hair. “Your family was wealthy, had status. You approached me about a proverb question and then… every day came to me with another.”

Just the memory of Jungkook finding proverbs to ask him about every day makes Taehyung’s eyes turn even more fond. 

“That’s how I fell in love with you. Your determination and curiosity was endearing.”

Jungkook can't help but giggle as he leans into Taehyung's touch, imagining himself going to Taehyung every day with any excuse to talk to him. He probably fell in love with Taehyung at first sight, his breath stolen by the most beautiful man in the world.

"How did we end up together?" he asks, looking up at Taehyung, his eyes shining excitedly. "Who confessed first? What was our first kiss like? Our first time together?"

Taehyung laughs, seeing the same sparkle in Jungkook’s eyes now that he had all those centuries ago.

“I confessed to you, even though it was improper… I wrote you a poem,” he explains, lips brushing over Jungkook’s forehead. “The next day, you came to drop a letter off to me, telling me to meet you that evening at the lake. You kissed me there, under our cherry blossom tree, and it became our place.”

He nuzzles their noses together lightly, holding Jungkook a little tighter.

“Our first time was there, too. When the cherry blossoms bloomed.”

Jungkook lets out a breathless sigh, his eyes fluttering closed as he pictures it, the two of them kissing underneath their tree.

Making love while cherry blossom petals rained down on them from above.

(Briefly, he wonders if they could fuck up against that tree again.)

"Do you remember the poem?" he asks, looking back up at Taehyung, hearts in his eyes.

Slowly, Taehyung untangles himself from Jungkook in bed, climbing off of it. He goes to the closet and opens it, reaching to the top shelf to pull down his box.

His box of memories, of past lives.

He takes it to the bed and settles down behind Jungkook again, having moved the tray and empty ramen bowl to the floor, and starts to dig.

“Here,” Taehyung murmurs by his ear, pulling out a piece of parchment paper. The writing is old and difficult to read. 

“As ethereal as the cherry blossoms,

and just as fleeting.

Love can grow between two hearts

Jungkook flushes, his eyes misting as he looks down at the poem. His heart aches in his chest -- in the best way possible -- and he reaches down to gently touch the paper. "This is so beautiful," he whispers, looking back at Taehyung. "I'm surprised I didn't elope with you that day."

Laughing, he leans back against Taehyung with a grin. And as he admires the letter, his eyes drift toward the box.

"What else is in there?"

Taehyung’s fingers instinctively move to grasp the most important piece in the box, the jade hairpin that he gifted to Jungkook when they were teenagers falling in love in their first life together.

“I gifted this to you as a token of our love,” he hums, remembering how he spent all of the money he earned on it. “You used to pin your hair up with it.”

He smiles as he watched Jungkook’s fingers curl around it, how nostalgic it looks.

“I have many things from our lives together,” he says, pulling the box closer. “They’re our memories.”

Jungkook holds the jade hairpin as if it's the most precious thing in the world. And, in a way, it kind of is, given its significance in their history.

"It's so beautiful," he whispers, holding the hairpin to his chest, his smile soft and his heart aching. "I wish my hair was long enough to use it." Maybe he should grow it out...

Looking up at Taehyung again, he reaches up to touch his cheek. "Tell me more about our memories..."

Taehyung smiles, leaning into his touch and pressing a kiss to his palm before going through the box. There are photos of them from a past life, their clothes dated to the late Joseon era.

“This was so long ago now, but in this life, we lived together,” he says quietly. “We wanted to run away together, because we were in the military. You were a painter.”

He digs through the box more to find a small but thick piece of parchment paper, painted in vivid beautiful colors.

Them, under their tree, dressed in military uniforms.

Jungkook gasps, touching the sides of the parchment paper, careful not to graze the paint. It's beautiful, nothing like how he paints now (and while he is an artist, he can barely call himself a painter). "It's beautiful," he whispers, his smile widening as he looks upon a little snapshot of one of their lives together.

For a brief moment, he wants to ask if they managed to run away together, but something in his gut told them they didn't.

Looking into the box, he grabs another trinket and pulls it out. "What's this?"

“Ah,” Taehyung says as he eyes the gold locket. “You gave that to me in our last life together.”

He reaches forward, hands curling around Jungkook’s to press the button, opening it. There are pictures of Jungkook in it from their past life — his hair dark and pushed back.

Jungkook grins as he looks down at the locket, seeing himself looking back up at him. It's weird, seeing someone who looks exactly like him but isn't him. Even if he understands that it

him from a life he doesn't remember, it's still surreal.

"Wow, past me was sexy," he teases, his cheeks flushing as he looks back up at Taehyung. "Did I ever give you any raunchy pictures to keep too?"

Taehyung snorts, kissing the side of Jungkook’s head. “Present you is sexy, too,” he hums, reaching forward to dig through the box. “I have one raunchy picture. Let’s see…”

He pulls it out, showing the Polaroid to Jungkook and laughing.

It’s a picture of Jungkook unbuttoning his shirt and laughing, looking very cute. Like he just arrived home from work and is about to change into comfortable clothes.

Jungkook laughs as he takes the polaroid, his smile softening at how happy he looked. "Cute," he whispers, handing it back to Taehyung.

Leaning back into Taehyung's embrace, he hums happily. "You know, I could take more of those for you..."

Taehyung laughs again, folding his hands together against Jungkook’s stomach, arms around him. “Yeah? Gonna take naughty pictures for me?” he asks in a whisper by his ear.

Nuzzling his nose into Jungkook’s hair, he smiles when he feels Jungkook shiver slightly.

“I like smiling happy pictures of you the most.”

Jungkook hums again, his cheeks flushing as his eyes flutter closed. "We can take both. Maybe even at the same time," he teases, his heart racing at the thought.

He's never really taken raunchy photos before. (Just a little bit of dirty talk was enough to get Sungmin flustered.) But the thought of taking them for Taehyung is... hot.

Taehyung smiles, fingers coming up to massage at Jungkook’s scalp. “Mm, I would like that,” he hums, lips pressing against his ear. “Maybe once you’re all better. I’ll take some for you, too.”

They look through the rest of the box, and for the first time, it doesn’t hurt Taehyung as much as it normally would. It’s almost a relief, to share these beautiful memories with Jungkook, to tell him about the lives they led before.

How much they loved before.

At the bottom of the box is Jungkook’s comic, signed, from their first time meeting up at the coffee shop.

Taehyung holds it gently in his hands. “I don’t think this belongs in here now,” he says softly. “These are tragic memories… but this is a beautiful one, a happy one. From a life where we don’t have to fear… where the curse was broken.”

Jungkook's heart flutters when he looks down at the comic; when he hears Taehyung's words. Slowly, he reaches down to place his hands on top of Taehyung's, squeezing them gently.

"Maybe we can start a new box," he says, glancing up at Taehyung with the softest smile; with nothing but love in his eyes. "One where we can keep our happiest memories..."

“I’d like that,” Taehyung answers softly, hugging Jungkook a little tighter, hooking his chin over his shoulder. 

He puts everything away carefully before crawling into bed beside Jungkook again and turning out the light so only the TV being on makes their faces glow.

Jungkook sighs as he curls up against Taehyung, his eyes fluttering closed and a smile soft. His body feels heavy, his mind beginning to cloud over from exhaustion. 

But his heart feels warm, beating steadily as he thinks about his and Taehyung's memories together. 

"What else should we put in our box?" he asks quietly, peeking up at Taehyung. 

Taehyung hums in thought as he plays with Jungkook’s fingers. After a few moments, he runs one of his fingers up along Jungkook’s ring finger.

“The raunchy photos you promised me?” he asks with a boxy grin.

Jungkook giggles, cuddling closer to Taehyung. "Sounds good to me," he says, slowly sliding his fingers between Taehyung's and squeezing his hand.

"I wanna make more memories with you. So many that we'll need a second and third box."

That thought makes Taehyung’s heart swell with happiness. The idea of having enough time with him to make those happy memories — to not feel sorrow and fear waiting around every corner.

He holds Jungkook a little closer, pressing soft kisses along his temples, arms around his waist. He feels warm against his cold body.

“I want that too,” Taehyung whispers, eyes fluttering shut. “I want the same thing I’ve always wanted in every lifetime. I want to grow old with you, to marry you.”

Jungkook's heart flutters wildly, his breath catching in his throat. The thought of growing old with Taehyung makes him so happy.

But the thought of marrying Taehyung?

He's never wanted anything more.

He remembers the moment Sungmin proposed to him. How he felt more obligation than happiness. Contrasted with this moment, he feels euphoric elation, his entire body alight with joy, his head spinning and his smile wide.

"I want that too," he whispers, tightening his hold on Taehyung, his toes wiggling excitedly.

Taehyung smiles when he hears Jungkook’s heart flutter, feels his toes wiggling and arms tightening around him. Jungkook is so cute.

Taehyung loves him so much.

“You should sleep, beloved,” he murmurs, pulling Jungkook closer into his arms, laying back so Jungkook can use his chest as a pillow. “You need rest to heal.”

Jungkook shifts a bit to get comfortable, ignoring the dull ache in his body as he relaxes in Taehyung's arms. At Taehyung's words, he feels exhaustion begin to seep into his bones, his eyelids heavy as his body remembers how tired he is.

"Okay, I will," he whispers, nuzzling into Taehyung's chest as he starts to drift off. "Good night, Taehyungie. I love you."

Taehyung kisses the top of Jungkook’s head, holding him closer, hands sliding up and down his back slowly, soothingly. “Good night, my love,” he whispers back against his forehead. “I love you more.”

He stays like that all night, holding Jungkook as he sleeps, smiling when he snores occasionally, watching netflix quietly.

And it’s nice to hold him like this without the fear of losing him looming over his head.

For once, Taehyung’s mind is quiet, letting him truly enjoy this moment.

Jungkook's never felt so frustrated in his life.

It's been weeks since his accident and he's more than made a full recovery. He's even back to work, burying himself in his comic to catch up on the two weeks he missed resting.

For the most part, his life is back to normal. He spends his days in his office with Namjoon, working on their webtoon. Every so often, he gets dinner and drinks with his hyungs.

And when he isn't doing that, he's with Taehyung.

Beautiful, wonderful Taehyung.

Sweet, dense Taehyung.

Said dense boyfriend is currently sitting next to him on the couch, some movie on the TV that Jungkook's been ignoring. Instead, he's stewing in what he can only describe as

sexual frustration. He's been dropping hints about wanting to get fucked until he cries, but apparently he's being too subtle.

Time to kick it up a notch.

Faking a yawn, he glances over at Taehyung before casually stretching across his lap.

Taehyung’s eyes drop from the movie he’s invested in to Jungkook stretching over his lap and smiles, his fingers coming up to massage his head.

Jungkook is so cute and cuddly and Taehyung loves all their time spent together. He loves when Jungkook stays the night with him like tonight, too. 

Leaning down to press a kiss to his forehead, Taehyung hums. “Sleepy, love?” he asks softly, fingers running through his blonde locks.

Jungkook sighs, his eyelids fluttering as he melts into Taehyung's touch. He could easily lose himself to the feeling of Taehyung's fingers in his hair -- so relaxing, so comforting -- but he wants something a little bit more than soft touches.

Looking back up at Taehyung, he bites down on his lower lip. That's a seductive look, right? "Not at all," he whispers with a little head tilt.

Taehyung pauses, furrowing his brows as he looks at Jungkook. His face looks a little pained.

“Are you okay?” he asks, cupping his cheek gently, worried. “Do you need to use the restroom?”

Jungkook's expression flattens immediately, a low groan building in his throat as he kicks out his legs. "I'm fine," he mumbles, trying desperately to keep the pout of his lips.

Taking a deep breath, he looks back up at Taehyung seductively. Again. "You hungry?"

Taehyung resumes running his fingers through Jungkook’s hair slowly and hums. Something seems off about him today.

“Not really,” he answers, tilting his head to the side. “Are you? Should I order delivery for you?”

Jungkook wants to scream. And he almost does when the mention of food has his stomach rumbling. Damnit. 

Sitting up, he flops back against the couch and sighs. "I could use a snack from the fridge," he mumbles, pouting. 

Taehyung doesn’t understand.

He gets up when Jungkook does to get a snack, following after him looking a bit like a lost puppy, frowning. Wrapping his arms around Jungkook from behind, he hooks his chin over Jungkook’s shoulder.

“What’s wrong, beloved?” he asks in a quiet murmur. 

Jungkook grumbles as he bites into his snack. Taehyung's arms around his waist do a lot to calm his growing annoyance, though it's himself that he's mad at. How hard is it to ask your boyfriend to fuck you?

Incredibly, apparently. 

And while he knows that Taehyung would absolutely say yes if he asked, it's still... a lot. Because this isn't a scenario he's been in before. Not to mention he feels so inexperienced. 

Stupid insecurities. 

Still, he shouldn't be taking it out on Taehyung. 

"Nothing's wrong," he sighs, turning in Taehyung's hold to pull him into a gentle kiss. "You wanna get back to the movie?" Or was it a show? He can't remember...

Taehyung pouts, because he definitely feels like something is wrong, but he doesn’t want to push, either. He leans in to kiss him again, trying to bring a smile back to his lips.

“Are you sure?” he asks as they start heading back to the living room.

As they settle on the couch, Taehyung pulls Jungkook close, pressing a soft kiss against his neck, arms around his waist.

Jungkook hums, settling in Taehyung's arms as a small smile tugs at his lips. It does feel better being close; feeling Taehyung wrapped around him, so affectionate and sweet.

But there's an annoying heat in his belly that he really wants to attend to. 

Would it be too much to drop to his knees and suck Taehyung off right now?

As he gets comfortable, he remembers the thing he left buried in suitcase and flushes, his heart racing at the thought. He'd bought it as a joke -- at Seokjin's insistence -- but... would Taehyung like it?

Turning toward Taehyung, he gives him a quick kiss before scrambling off the couch. "One sec, gonna grab something from upstairs," he says, all but sprinting to Taehyung's bedroom.

Taehyung is left confused as he watches Jungkook disappear around the corner. He’s been acting strange all day today.

Perhaps he’s sick?

He pulls out his phone.

Boyfriend acting weird,

he types into naver.

HOW TO TELL IF YOUR BOYFRIEND IS CHEATING

Taehyung closes his phone and scoffs. No way, not his Jungkook.

Meanwhile, Jungkook is practically tearing apart his overnight bag, looking for the thing he'd stashed there earlier. And as he tugs it out, holding it delicately in his hands, he flushes again.

He can't believe he let Seokjin talk him into buying

for Taehyung. He's never purchased or worn lingerie in his

but Seokjin insisted that Taehyung would "love it." And maybe he will.

Maybe it'll give him the courage he's been annoyingly lacking.

Taking a deep breath, he strips out of his clothes before sliding it on.

Standing in front of the mirror, Jungkook admires the way the black bodysuit looks on him, hugging him like a second skin. It's so delicate, the lace so intricately woven, leaving little to the imagination. And even though he thinks it looks weird, contrasted with his thick thighs, toned arms, and broad back, he kind of likes it too.

Exhaling shakily, he grabs one of Taehyung's oversized shirts, throwing it on top before slowly making his way back into the living room.

Taehyung is right where he left him, seated on the couch, whatever program they were watching still playing. And Jungkook smiles shyly as he crosses the room. "Hey," he says quietly, coming to stand in front of Taehyung.

Taehyung’s eyes widen at the sight of Jungkook in front of him, wearing nothing but one of his shirts. He blinks, slowly reaching out for him, tugging him in by the hem of the shirt until Jungkook is straddling his lap.

“Hi,” he breathes, fingers playing with the hem of the shirt before slowly moving up under it. He feels lace and practically moans. “Are you — are you wearing lingerie, love?”

His brain is short circuiting at the image, even if it wouldn’t be the first time he’s seen it. He grips Jungkook’s hips, his eyes flashing from hazel to red, gaze hungry suddenly.

Jungkook nods, his breath catching in his throat as he locks eyes with Taehyung. Seeing the burning red in Taehyung's eyes never fails to send a thrill up his spine, and a violent shiver rips through him as he slides his hands onto Taehyung's shoulders.

"You like it?" he asks, playing with the hair at the nape of Taehyung's neck, arousal pooling in his gut.

Taehyung’s mouth is dry, Jungkook a comforting weight on his lap. Reaching up to the top button on the shirt Jungkook is wearing, he growls low in his throat as he rips the fabric in half, revealing the lingerie on his gorgeous lover’s body.

He moans at the sight, head tipping back against the couch, his cock twitching in interest in his pants.

“Fuck,” Taehyung breathes, barely audible. His long fingers slide up Jungkook’s body from his thighs to his sides and chest, feeling him and the lace slowly. “Look at you. So gorgeous, love, so sexy. This all for me?”

Jungkook gasps, a moan ripping itself from his throat as he arches into Taehyung's touch. The burning heat in his stomach begins to boil, the weight of Taehyung's gaze making him squirm with anticipation and desire. 

"Bought it just for you," he sighs, feeling his confidence grow from Taehyung's compliments and touches. "I've never worn lace before..."

Taehyung’s hands slide back down to rest on his thighs, his fingertips brushing under the lace, teasing at his skin.

“You were made for lace, look so beautiful,” he whispers, leaning up to press barely there kisses along his jaw. “You spoil me. I should return the favor, hm?”

Jungkook shudders, sliding his hands on top of Taehyung's and squeezing them gently. "Please," he moans, his head tilting back as his eyes flutter closed. God, he wants to be fucked

; wants to see what Taehyung can really do with that strength of his.

Is it cool to ask your boyfriend to fuck you into a wall until it breaks?

Sliding Taehyung's hands higher up his thighs, he spreads his legs even wider as he rocks up into the touch.

Taehyung loves how responsive Jungkook is, how his body trembles under his touch in anticipation, his voice breaking with a moan at the simplest of touches. Fuck.

Lips trailing kisses up his chin, he hovers over his lips as his hands slide around to grip Jungkook’s ass tightly. “Anything for my beloved,” he murmurs before kissing him, slow but purposeful, tongue slipping into his mouth and leading the kiss.

Movie forgotten, Taehyung slowly gets up, still gripping Jungkook’s ass, his legs wrapping around his waist. He doesn’t break the kiss as he carries Jungkook to his bedroom, sucking on his bottom lip as he pushes him down into his mattress.

“Mm, wanna take my time with you tonight,” Taehyung says as he pulls away to look down at Jungkook against his black, silk sheets. He starts undoing his belt slowly, eyes eating Jungkook up. “Gonna spoil you rotten, love.”

Jungkook feels dizzy, his heart racing as he sprawls out on the bed. Just looking up at Taehyung, eyes tracking every movement of his hands, is making him feel intoxicated.

"Take all the time you want," he whispers, shifting so he can reach up to help Taehyung with his belt. "But, tonight, I want it... rough. Want everything you can give me."

Taehyung groans, his hips bucking toward Jungkook as he lets his hands take over undoing his belt. He slides a hand down to cup his cheek, slowly moving down to grip his chin and lift it so he’ll look at him.

“You want me to wreck you, baby?” he asks, voice low and deep, red eyes piercing.

Jungkook's breath catches in his throat, his toes curling and his head spinning. "Yes," he whispers, pulling the belt from Taehyung's pants before tossing it on the floor. Shaking hands immediately begin to work at his button and zipper, desperation beginning to curl in his gut as he tries to tug Taehyung's pants off.

Taehyung steps back, letting his pants drop to the floor, stepping out of them and kicking them aside. He smirks as he takes a few more steps back, to his dresser, pulling it open to pull out a silk scarf.

When he slowly crawls over Jungkook on the bed, straddling his waist, he brings the scarf up over Jungkook’s eyes.

“I’ll wreck you,” he hums as he ties the scarf around his head. Fuck, he looks so sexy like this, Taehyung could cum with just a few strokes of his cock. “But I want it to be a surprise for you.”

He pecks Jungkook’s lips, grinning at how he chases after them, slowly getting up from the bed completely, stepping away and removing the rest of his clothes.

Jungkook groans, his entire body flushing as his vision goes dark. "Fuck, Tae," he whimpers, his heels digging into the bed as he settles into the darkness.

He's never done anything like this before, and it's nothing short of exciting. Especially as he hears Taehyung's clothing hit the floor; as he listens to Taehyung moving around the bedroom.

His entire body feels like it's on edge, waiting for Taehyung's touch and not sure when it's going to come. So much so that when he feels a simple graze of fingers on his skin, he shudders.

Taehyung chuckles quietly, dragging one finger slowly from Jungkook’s chest down his stomach to his cock, hard and leaking in the lingerie. He looks so sexy like this, so sinful. Taehyung can’t wait to have him crying around his cock, stretched around him.

Leaning over the bed, he holds himself up with one hand before slowly dragging his tongue up Jungkook’s lace clad cock, his free hand sliding his thighs open a little wider. He laps at the head of it through the lace, humming when he feels Jungkook’s cock twitch, before pulling away.

“Look so pretty like this I almost wanna keep it on you,” he says, lips sucking Jungkook’s earlobe between his pointed teeth. “But I also want to rip it off of you and have you bare underneath me.”

Jungkook moans, his hips arching off the bed as he chases after a touch that is no longer there. His hands seek out Taehyung, arms wrapping around him as his head spins with the thought of the lace being ripped from his body.

The memory of Taehyung tearing open his clothes earlier making him shudder.

Fuck, that would be so hot.

"Do it," he whispers, fingers tugging at Taehyung's hair. "Told you I want it rough tonight... Want you to ruin me."

Taehyung growls as he leans back to run his hands down Jungkook’s body before gripping at the hem of the lace and ripping it in half. Jungkook’s skin looked divine under it, but it looks even more beautiful bare with the moonlight seeping in through the window.

“Fuck,” he whispers, dragging one long nail down his chest and stomach teasingly, just to watch his muscles contract. “So beautiful.”

Leaning down, Taehyung licks a broad strip from Jungkook’s balls to the tip of his cock, then rubs it up his entire body to his neck, fangs extending to sink into his skin. As he sucks, tasting him, he wraps one hand around Jungkook’s cock to tease at the head.

Jungkook's eyes roll back in his head, his back arching off the bed as a shuddering moan leaves his lips. "Oh

" he whispers, the feeling of Taehyung sucking at his neck even more intense with his senses deprived. 

Arms wrapping around Taehyung's neck, he pulls him even closer, urging him to drink more; to drink deeper. Rocking his hips up into Taehyung's hand, he rakes his nails along Taehyung's back. "Fuck, just like that--"

Jungkook is so sexy, so responsive. It drives Taehyung wild.

He pulls back just when Jungkook starts moaning loudly, completely removing himself from him, watching the way his lips turn into a pout immediately. Licking his lips, he slides his hands slowly up Jungkook’s thighs, gripping them, pushing them up toward his chest.

“So perfect,” Taehyung whispers, playfully nipping at the back of Jungkook’s thigh. He reaches up to press his thumb to Jungkook’s bottom lip. “Suck.”

Jungkook obeys immediately, wrapping his lips around Taehyung's thumb and sucking. A low moan builds in his throat, his eyes fluttering closed as his thighs shake in Taehyung's hold.

He wishes he could see the look on Taehyung's face now, but just imagining it is enough to make him shudder as he teases Taehyung's thumb with his tongue.

Wishing it were Taehyung's cock instead.

Fuck, he wants that so bad.

Taehyung feels a flare of arousal at the sight of Jungkook sucking his thumb so eagerly, his tongue sweeping over it. Fuck.

Gentle but firm, he grips Jungkook’s chin and holds his mouth open. “Bet you wish it was my cock instead of my fingers, hm?”

He leans closer, thumb pressing against Jungkook’s tongue, watching the way he sucks his thumb back into his mouth as soon as Taehyung releases his hold on his chin.

Jungkook nods, squirming underneath Taehyung as he sucks almost desperately on his thumb. He should probably be embarrassed at how shameless he's being, but with every touch and whispered word from Taehyung, he only feels more aroused.

And he kind of loves it.

Kind of loves how dirty this is; how sensual it feels.

"Want your cock so bad," he hums around Taehyung's thumb, wishing he could see the look on Taehyung's face. But imagining it is enough for him.

Taehyung groans, kneeling on the bed, his free hand stroking his own cock. “Then take it, baby,” he whispers as he pulls his thumb free from Jungkook’s mouth and leads him to his cock. “Suck.”

When Jungkook’s lips part, he places the head of his cock against his plush bottom lip, letting him take initiative on how far he wants to go with this, letting him have control.

Jungkook whimpers, another violent shudder ripping up his spine as he wraps his lips around the head of Taehyung's cock, sucking on it slowly; teasingly. The salty taste of precum on his tongue makes him moan, his eyes fluttering shut and his toes curling.

Sliding his hands along Taehyung's thighs, he grips them tight as he opens his throat and takes Taehyung in deeper. His back arches off the bed as he feels Taehyung's cock brush up against the back of his throat, and he fights his gag reflex to swallow and suck.

Taehyung moans, his head tipping back and eyes rolling shut in pleasure as Jungkook sucks him off. His mouth is warm and wet, and the filthy sounds of his mouth around him only make Taehyung more turned on.

His fingers tangle in Jungkook’s hair, gripping it tightly. “Feels so good,” he praises, voice low with arousal and pleasure. “Just like that.”

Jungkook's toes curl into the sheets, his entire body flushing from Taehyung's praise. Feeling Taehyung's hand in his hair has him moaning desperately, his grip on Taehyung's thighs tightening.

Bobbing his head at a steady pace, he swallows around Taehyung's cock every time he feels it brush against the back of his throat. As he listens to Taehyung's moans, he draws back, teasing the head of his cock with his tongue, before swallowing it again. And fuck, he wishes he could see the look of pleasure on Taehyung's face, but just picturing it is enough.

“Keep going, baby,” Taehyung moans, his grip tightening and tugging at his hair gently. His hips buck forward slightly, his stomach tightening with arousal. “Fuck, Jungkook. You want me to cum on your face? Want to make me feel good?”

Just the mental image is almost enough to send him over the edge.

Jungkook groans, just the

of Taehyung coming on his face making him shudder. Taehyung hasn't even touched him and he feels like he's right on the edge. Pulling back all the way, he teases at the head of Taehyung's cock before popping off. "Fuck, please cum on my face," he moans, his thighs squeezing together as another shiver rips up his spine.

Wrapping his lips around Taehyung's cock again, he swallows down to the base, nails digging into Taehyung's thighs.

Taehyung groans, letting Jungkook tease and suck on his cock for a few more moments before pulling back, his hand taking over to stroke himself off, until he’s coming with a moan of Jungkook’s name all over his face.

And if Jungkook looked sinful before with the blindfold, he looks like pure lust now, cum dripping down his face.

“So good for me,” Taehyung hums, thumb collecting his cum and slowly bringing it over to Jungkook’s lips. “Suck.”

Jungkook obeys immediately, his neck and chest flushing as he wraps his lips around Taehyung's thumb and sucks. The taste of his own cum is weird on his tongue, but he licks it up anyway, his mind still reeling from Taehyung finishing on his face.

this is the hottest thing he's ever done.

Squeezing his legs together even tighter, he squirms underneath Taehyung, hands touching anywhere he can reach as he teases Taehyung's thumb with his tongue.

“Good boy,” Taehyung breathes as he leans in to kiss him, licking into his mouth, tasting himself on Jungkook’s tongue.

He lays Jungkook back again, kissing him as he trails one hand up and down his body with weather lights touches, teasing him, working him up until his cock is twitching, leaking precum into his belly button.

“Keep being good for me, baby,” Taehyung whispers as he slowly slides off the bed, grabbing lube from his bedside table. When he returns, he spreads Jungkook’s legs again, massaging his thighs as he pushes them toward his chest, exposing his hole to him.

As he settles between his thighs, Taehyung slicks his fingers with lube and prods and presses at Jungkook’s entrance, his lips kissing up his inner thigh.

Jungkook gasps, rocking up into Taehyung's touch as a shudder rips up his spine. "Oh fuck, Tae," he whimpers, reaching down to grip Taehyung's hair, weaving his fingers through the strands and tugging.

The teasing is driving him crazy, arousal burning in the pit of his stomach as he curls his toes into the sheets. The feeling of Taehyung's fingers rubbing up against him -- the promise of being fucked open -- makes him writhe in anticipation, the feather-light touch of Taehyung's lips drawing gasps and moans from his lips.

Taehyung can’t help but smirk with pride at how Jungkook sounds, how he moves as he pleasures him. He sucks a mark into his thigh, fangs extending again.

And as he presses the first finger into him, he sinks his fangs into his inner thigh, moaning as the taste of his blood hits his tongue again.

He starts working his finger in and out, his thumb teasing at his rim stretched around it. He works him open rather impatiently and it’s not long before he’s pressing two fingers into him.

Jungkook moan, his eyes rolling back in his head as his back arches off the bed. His thighs are shaking, squeezing around Taehyung's head as he feels fangs sink into his skin. He doesn't think he'll ever get over how good it feels to have Taehyung drinking for him.

And he knows he's addicted.

He wishes he could see Taehyung, but his lack of vision makes everything feel so much hotter; makes every touch and kiss unpredictable and incredible. So instead, he tugs at Taehyung's hair, his hips twitching as he rocks back on Taehyung's fingers with a low, throaty moan.

love so you so much--"

Taehyung growls, pleased, as he flicks his tongue over the marks on his thigh, closing them but not healing them fully. He turns to kiss up the other side, pressing three fingers into him now, stretching him and scissoring him open as he sinks his fangs into his other thigh.

As he drinks from him, Taehyung curls his fingers just right, rubbing against Jungkook’s prostate.

And if he had to breathe to live, he’s sure he would suffocate between Jungkook’s thighs.

Jungkook's back snaps off the bed, his thighs tightening around Taehyung's head as waves of pleasure roll through him. His cock is aching between his legs, pleasure burning in the pit of his stomach as he tugs on Taehyung's hair desperately.

"M'close, wanna come,

" he begs, rocking up into Taehyung's mouth before fucking back onto his fingers. "Just like that--"

Taehyung sucks on his thigh harder, tongue catching any stray drops of blood. He thrusts his fingers in faster, fucking Jungkook open with them, hitting his prostate every time.

“Come for me,” Taehyung growls, tongue sliding over the wounds on his thigh, moaning when he feels Jungkook tightening around his fingers.

He rubs over his prostate as he buries his face against the base of Jungkook’s cock, licking and sucking along it.

Jungkook's practically gasping for breath as he comes, his entire body tightening as a scream rips itself from his lips. Tugging at Taehyung's hair, he wraps his thighs around Taehyung's head, grinding up against his tongue and lips as he tightens around his fingers.

This is, by far, the most powerful orgasm he's ever had, pleasure ripping through him as he desperately chases after it, trying to hold onto it and ride it for as long as possible.

Collapsing back onto the bed, his chest heaving as he pants, he finally loosens his grip on Taehyung. His lips part to speak, but he's too fucked out to manage anything more than a breathless moan.

Taehyung pulls back, licking the last traces of blood from his lips as he looks at Jungkook. He looks so wrecked with his own cum splattered up his stomach and chest, his chest heaving as he tries to catch his breath.

A proud, smug grin stretched over Taehyung’s lips as he leans over to kiss his lips and cheeks softly, nose nuzzling against Jungkook’s.

“So good for me, love,” he murmurs, running his fingers through Jungkook’s hair as he comes down. “You look so pretty like this.”

Jungkook laughs, his heart fluttering as he reaches up to pull the blindfold from his eyes. Blinking to re-adjust to the light, he grins as he looks up at Taehyung, his cheeks flushed and his eyes unfocused.

"That was incredible," he whispers, still breathless as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck. "I can barely feel my legs..."

Taehyung chuckles, moving closer when Jungkook wraps his arms around his neck, pressing kisses along his jaw.

“Glad to know I’ve still got it,” he hums, pecking Jungkook’s lips with a fond look in his eyes. He wraps his arms around Jungkook, fingers teasing up his sides gently. 

Jungkook giggles as he looks up at Taehyung, his heart racing and his toes curling. Leaning up to kiss Taehyung again, he can't help the fond smile that tugs at his lips too.

" he teases, nipping at Taehyung's lower lip. "Can't believe I'm so lucky..."

Taehyung snorts at that, laughing and resting his forehead against Jungkook’s. “I just know what makes you feel good,” he laughs, nose nuzzling into his. “I’ve known this body for centuries. Every scar and mark… I know them by heart.”

He kisses Jungkook again, slow and sweet, bringing one hand up to cradle his jaw. He can feel a warmth nestling into his chest where his dead heart rests, a love so strong for the man under him that he can never find the proper words.

There simply are not enough words to describe it.

“I love you,” Taehyung whispers between kisses. 

Jungkook sighs, his heart fluttering wildly as he kisses Taehyung back. His cheeks are flushed, his toes curling into the sheets, as he melts into Taehyung, reveling in the warmth and comfort that comes with being in his arms.

Losing himself to the feeling of being loved.

"I love you so much," he whispers in between kisses, his hold on Taehyung tightening. "M'so lucky to love you, Taehyung..." 

Taehyung smiles, his eyes stay closed even as he pulls away, breaking their kiss. “I’m the lucky one,” he murmurs, fingers brushing Jungkook’s hair back. “I have you and you’re not going to leave me now that your curse is broken.”

It’s still hard to believe, but Taehyung’s relief every time he says it makes it easier to relax.

“I can spend your entire life loving you,” he says softly. 

Jungkook grins, his heart racing at the thought of getting to spend his entire life loving Taehyung. That he'll get to wake up every morning in Taehyung's arms.

And fall asleep curled up against him every night.

(One day -- hopefully someday soon -- they'll break Taehyung's curse too. And then they'll get to grow old together too...)

"I can't wait to spend my life loving you," he whispers, fingers brushing along Taehyung's cheeks before he pulls him in for another kiss. 

Taehyung sighs against his lips, kissing him back and pressing closer, his hands sliding down to grip at his hips. He sucks on Jungkook’s bottom lip, losing himself in the kiss, in Jungkook, Jungkook,

Jungkook who he has loved every version of.

Jungkook who he will find a way to break the curse for.

Jungkook moans into the kiss, his grip on Taehyung tightening as he presses up against him. And as he slips his tongue past Taehyung's lips, he finds himself feeling overwhelmed with how much he loves Taehyung.

How lucky he is to be here.

To love and be loved by Kim Taehyung.

As he deepens their kiss, he rolls them over, settling on Taehyung's hips with a sigh.

Taehyung hums into the kiss, hands gripping his hips as his weight settles over his hips. Jungkook on top of him feels just as sexy and familiar as he does under him, and he’s a welcome weight on his lapp.

“Mm, you’re so perfect,” he says, voice husky with want, his cock twitching in interest. “You gonna ride me, baby?”

Jungkook moans into the kiss as he rocks into Taehyung's touch. Sliding his hands up Taehyung's chest, he squeezes appreciatively, fingers teasing at his nipples.

Slowly, his confidence grows as arousal begins to pool in the pit of his stomach. And as pulls back from the kiss to nip at Taehyung's lips, he rocks back against his cock with a low, throaty moan. "Wanna ride you so bad," he whispers, resting his forehead against Taehyung's as he looks down at him, pupils blown.

Taehyung moans, his cock hardening under Jungkook’s ass. His eyes flutter shut in pleasure, his hands sliding around to Jungkook’s ass, gripping it tightly.

His hips buck up, lips parting around a moan of Jungkook’s name as his cock catches on Jungkook’s rim briefly. Sliding it between his cheeks, Taehyung chases after Jungkook’s lips, kissing him again, heated and messy.

God, he’s so hot. Taehyung wants to spend eternity with him — savoring him, cherishing him.

Jungkook shudders violently, moaning as he kisses Taehyung back just as heated and messy. Warmth rolls through him in waves as he rocks back onto Taehyung's lap, gasping every time he feels Taehyung's cock catch on his rim.

And it only makes him want more.

Fuck, he loves Taehyung so much.

Groping around for the lube, he spreads some on his fingers before reaching back to grip Taehyung's cock. Just feeling it hard and heavy in his hand makes him whimper, and as he slicks up Taehyung's cock, his kisses get even messier.

Even more desperate.

Taehyung’s composure is not holding up, his hips bucking up into Jungkook’s fist as he lubes him up, moans spilling from his lips as he sucks on Jungkook’s tongue.

He’s so turned on again, his fingers digging into Jungkook’s ass, spreading his cheeks, his cock slipping between them as he ruts up against him.

“Want you so bad,” Taehyung whispers hotly into his mouth, moaning. “Fuck, Jungkook—“

Jungkook rocks back into Taehyung's hands, moaning at every touch; every slide of tongue and whispered word.

And it feels powerful, being able to reduce Taehyung to

Taehyung, who's lived an eternity. Taehyung, who's been with him so many times...

Taehyung, who makes him feel so wanted.

Gripping the base of Taehyung's cock, he squeezes it gently before lining it up with his entrance. And as he sits back, he groans into Taehyung's mouth, tightening around him immediately.

Taehyung has to fight the urge to buck his hips up into hin, letting Jungkook sink down onto his cock at his own pace, adjusting as he does. He’s so tight and warm around him, squeezing Taehyung’s cock so well.

His toes curl into the bedsheets, fingers digging into Jungkook’s ass. He knows he’ll leave marks, but that only turns him on more, making his cock twitch inside Jungkook.

“So tight,” Taehyung says, lips hovering over Jungkook’s.

Jungkook rests his forehead against Taehyung's, his chest heaving as he sinks down onto his cock. He feels breathless with how full he is; how good he feels. His head spinning as he slides his hands down Taehyung's chest.

"Want you to ruin me," he whispers against Taehyung's lips as soon as he's fully seated, a shiver ripping up his spine at the thought.

Taehyung moans at his words, his body leaning into his touch. “Gonna ruin you,” he echoes in a growl, giving an experimental roll of his hips, making them both moan.

It’s so tight and he feels so good — like their bodies were truly made for each other.

As Jungkook adjusts, Taehyung gives small rolls of his hips, waiting patiently until he gets the go ahead. And when he does, his fingers are pulling Jungkook’s cheeks apart again, his hips slamming up into him, cock pressing deep and hard, hitting his prostate right from the start.

Jungkook gasps, his back arching and his head falling back as a jolt of pleasure rips up his spine. "Oh fuck," he whimpers, rocking back on Taehyung's cock, pushing it in even deeper.

He feels so full, practically delirious with pleasure as he grips Taehyung's chest. "Just like that--"

Taehyung fucks up into Jungkook hard and fast, his hands helping him to lift and lower him on his cock. He wants to press Jungkook down and fuck him so well he can’t walk for the rest of the night.

But he controls himself, also not wanting to hurt him. Humans are delicate, and it would be all too easy to accidentally hurt Jungkook.

Trailing messy open mouth kisses down Jungkook’s neck, Taehyung continues to fuck up into him, every single thrust in brushing his prostate, making Jungkook’s body arch beautifully.

Jungkook digs his nails into Taehyung's chest as he rocks back into every thrust, pushing Taehyung in deeper. Harder. It's hard to keep up with Taehyung's pace, but he tries anyway, his own thrusts sloppy and uncoordinated as he loses himself to the pleasure violently rolling through him.

feels so good--" he whimpers, biting down on his lower lip, nails scratching down Taehyung's chest as he tries to ground himself. "

fuck me-- so good--"

Taehyung feels instinct take over, his nails digging into Jungkook’s skin, his fangs extending again as his eyes flash to red. His lips find the mark on Jungkook’s neck from earlier, fangs grazing over it, tongue lapping up any blood that drips from it.

He pulls one hand back and slaps Jungkook’s ass, eyes watching it turn red, mixing with the fingerprint marks from his grip, mouthing at his neck still.

Jungkook cries out, tightening around Taehyung's cock as his spine bows and his eyes roll back in his head. "Oh fuck, do that again," he whispers, bouncing on Taehyung's cock, his breathing erratic.

The gentle stinging in his ass -- the feeling of Taehyung's lips and teeth along his neck -- roll through him in waves, bringing him embarrassingly close to the edge.

Taehyung chuckles as he brings his hand back and slaps Jungkook’s ass again, groaning when he feels him tighten around his cock like a vice grip. Fucking hell, Jungkook is so sexy like this.

When Jungkook’s back arches again, his chest rising, Taehyung kisses down to his collarbones, letting his fangs graze over that, too, licking away any blood that drips from it as he thrusts up into him harder, hand coming down to slap his ass again.

Jungkook shudders violently, his entire body tightening along with his grip on Taehyung. "

Tae," he whines, his head dropping back, his thighs shaking as he rocks his hips to meet each of Taehyung's thrusts.

It's almost too much, how good he feels; how incredible Taehyung is making him feel. Every thrust punches a moan from his throat. Every slap against his ass makes him shudder and writhe.

And the feeling of fangs against his neck is addicting.

"M'so close," he whimpers, nails digging into Taehyung's skin as he tries to ground himself. "Fuck, Tae-- bite me--"

Taehyung moans, his fingers gripping Jungkook’s ass tightly as he relentlessly pounds up into him, the heels of his feet digging into the bed giving him more power behind each thrust. Licking along Jungkook’s collarbones, he moves back to his neck, his fangs sinking into him.

The blood on his tongue, Jungkook’s moans in his ears, and the tightening around his cock are almost too much, sending Taehyung into a blood lust.

His eyes are bright red as he drinks from Jungkook, growling against his skin and thrusting up into him harder and harder. Practically taken over by animalistic instinct.

Meanwhile, Jungkook is losing himself, his mind clouded by a pleasurable haze. All he can do is bounce in Taehyung's lap, moans punched from his throat with every trust as he fucks himself on Taehyung's cock.

It's Taehyung's bite that sends him over the edge, his moans turning into pleasurable screams as his orgasm hits him hard. His entire body tightens, his nails scratching at Taehyung's skin as he comes all over Taehyung's stomach, babbling nonsense and begging Taehyung not to stop.

Sensing how tired Jungkook is starting to get after coming, Taehyung growls against his neck and lifts him up, pressing his back into the mattress as he continues to fuck him, hard. He sucks at his neck, drinking from him as he fucks into him.

He’s so close and his mind is hazy, full only of Jungkook and pleasure and

Jungkook wraps his legs around Taehyung's waist, holding him closer as he starts to feel lightheaded. His grip is weak, but the thought of not being pressed up against Taehyung makes him feel desperate.

Tae," he whines, finding himself addicted to the pain of Taehyung fucking into him after he's already come. Each thrust inside of him makes him feel even more overstimulated, his cock aching and his mind a mess. "Just like that--"

Taehyung can’t process how Jungkook’s grip starts getting weaker, too focused on fucking into him and chasing his own orgasm. The overstimulated moans and whines have him closer and closer, his fangs sinking deeper into Jungkook’s neck.

As more blood hits his tongue, his stomach coils tightly and he buries himself into Jungkook with one more deep thrust before he comes, working himself through it.

Dizzy from the high of Jungkook’s blood and the smell of sex in the air, he slowly pulls his fangs out from Jungkook, licking over the wounds to close them.

“Fuck,” Taehyung says, lifting his head to look down at Jungkook. His eyes are unfocused, almost like he’s intoxicated from the blood. “Are you okay? Fuck.”

Jungkook nods weakly, his head spinning as he lays back on the bed. He can barely keep his eyes open, his body heavy, his thighs shaking from exhaustion. But he doesn't want to look away from Taehyung, even for a second.

He's never seen a more beautiful sight: Taehyung on top of him, covered in sweat, his hair messy and his eyes unfocused. And as his heart flutters, he lifts his heavy arms and wraps them around Taehyung's neck.

"M'okay," he mumbles, breathless as he pulls Taehyung closer. "Fuck, that was incredible..."

Taehyung goes easily when he’s pulled closer, even if it’s weakly. He presses soft kisses to Jungkook’s face, over his cheeks and nose and lips, nuzzling his nose into his cheek.

He can feel himself coming down from his high slowly, worry starting to settle in.

“You need to get some sugar in you,” he says, gently pulling away. “I—I took too much blood. You need to eat something and drink water and then rest.”

Without another thought, Taehyung stands to go get something for Jungkook, his own body swaying slightly. He hasn’t gotten to that level of a high in

, maybe even centuries. He’s always so careful — but with Jungkook, with how heated things got, he was just a little too careless.

He makes it to the kitchen and gets some water for Jungkook, along with grabbing every single human snack he has in his kitchen — all stocked for his human lover, of course. With his arms full, he heads back to his bedroom to dump them all on the bed, presenting them to Jungkook.

Jungkook barely notices the food, too busy thinking about Taehyung to care about taking care of himself. His mind -- still fuzzy, still fucked out -- feels restless and desperate for Taehyung's touch, the mere minutes they were apart feeling like an eternity.

"C'mere," he whines, wiggling his fingers at Taehyung, a small pout on his lips. "Want you close..."

Taehyung gently lifts Jungkook, settling himself back against his pillows and headboard, pulling Jungkook between his legs so his back can rest against his chest. With his arms around Jungkook, he leans in to press soft kisses along his temples, nuzzling into his hair.

“I’m not going anywhere, love,” he murmurs, reaching for the water and opening it. “Have some water, okay? Gonna take care of you…”

When Jungkook seems unwilling to let go of him to hold the water bottle, Taehyung takes it upon himself to bring it to his lips for him, tipping it back a little until Jungkook’s had a bit, before putting it on his bedside table.

Jungkook relaxes in Taehyung's hold, relief filling his chest as the anxiety of being apart begins to subside. The water helps his exhaustion, but he's still feeling fuzzy around the edges, his mind a mess as he comes down from the high of what they just did.

"That was so good," he whispers, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he tilts his head back on Taehyung's shoulder. "Never felt like that before..." 

Taehyung huffs a little. “I went too far,” he says, pouting. “But aside from taking too much blood… it was good. I’ve never felt like that either.”

Something about Jungkook in this lifetime has Taehyung losing control just a little more than usual. He’s not sure what it is about him — but fuck, if that wasn’t the best sex he’s ever had in his entire hundreds of years of existence.

“I’m sorry for drinking too much,” Taehyung whispers as he reaches for a bag of cookies. People like cookies, right? He opens it and feeds one to Jungkook. 

Jungkook's chest swells knowing that he's given Taehyung -- beautiful, immortal Taehyung -- a new experience. And he can't help the way his smile widens as he slowly chews on the cookie. It feels like such a physical chore to eat, but he does it anyway. Both because he's hungry and to make Taehyung feel better.

"It's okay, I liked it," he hums, looking up at Taehyung, his eyes wide but his smile anything but innocent.

Taehyung’s eyebrows rise as he looks down at him, seeing his goofy, sexy smile, unashamed. And he can’t help the way it makes him laugh, his arms wrapping tighter around him, burying his giggles into his hair.

“You’re gonna be the death of me, Jeon Jungkook,” he teases, still laughing. “Ah, you can’t just say that. It’ll make me want to ruin you again.”

Jungkook's heart flutters, laughter leaving his lips as he leans into Taehyung's embrace. Sliding his hands up Taehyung's arms, he teases at his skin with the tips of his fingers.

"Good, because I definitely want you to ruin me again," he hums, grinning up at Taehyung shamelessly. "And again and again and again..."

Taehyung snorts, both endeared and amused by Jungkook. “You’re a little vixen,” he teases, kissing the tip of his nose. “Finish your water.”

He helps Jungkook drink the last of the water bottle before he allows them both to truly settle back against the pillows, their arms wrapped around each other tightly. Taehyung is comforted at the sound of Jungkook’s heart beating a little more steadily in his chest as he rests, pressing soft kisses everywhere his lips can reach, one hand running up and down his back slowly.

“I love you,” he murmurs into Jungkook’s hair. “Everything about you. I love it all.”

Jungkook's heart flutters again as he settles in Taehyung's arms. He can't keep the smile off his lips as he tightens his hold on Taehyung.

"I love you too," he whispers, tilting his head so he can press a kiss against Taehyung's jaw. "I love everything about you so much." More than he could ever put into words, really.

Because no one's ever made him feel the way Taehyung makes him feel. And no one ever will.

Hugging Taehyung closer, Jungkook's eyes flutter closed, exhaustion settling into his bones as he presses gentle kisses into Taehyung's skin. "Has it ever gotten... boring? Falling in love with me over and over again?"

Taehyung pauses to look at him, seeing his eyes closed, settled comforting against his body. He brushes his blonde bangs back to kiss his forehead, letting his lips linger just a little longer.

“Nothing about being with you is ever boring,” he tells him softly, voice a quiet murmur by his ear. “It’s like watching my favorite movie — I love it every time. It’s why it’s my favorite.”

Jungkook's smile widens as he looks up at Taehyung. Beautiful, wonderful Taehyung, who makes him feel so wanted, so loved.

Who's completely turned his life upside down in the best possible way.

Who's shown him everything beautiful about this world, just by holding his hand and being by his side.

He's so lucky, he thinks, as he pulls Taehyung in for a gentle kiss. So incredibly lucky.

Settling back against the pillow, he lifts his hand to run his fingers through Taehyung's hair, his smile still soft and warm. "In all your lifetimes, has there ever been anyone else?" he asks, his gaze curious more than anything.

Taehyung leans into Jungkook’s touch, his eyes softening and returning to hazel as he looks at him. His expression is nothing short of adoring, hand reaching up to catch Jungkook’s in his hair to hold it against his cheek.

“No,” he tells him sincerely. “I’ve never found romantic or sexual interest in anyone besides you. There’s only ever been you in my eyes.”

Jungkook weaves his fingers through Taehyung's hair, his smile softening even more. He wishes he could say the same thing about Taehyung, but he knows for a fact that his heart didn't feel completely whole until they met.

"I love you so much," he whispers, pulling Taehyung in for a gentle kiss. "I'm so lucky to have you..."

“I’m the lucky one,” Taehyung whispers back, his own lips catching Jungkook’s again in a tender kiss.

He holds Jungkook in his arms, whispering sweet nothings until he can feel him relax even more against him, making him smile. He loves Jungkook so much, more than words could ever say.

And to be loved by such a gentle and wonderful person?

For a monster like Taehyung, it’s nothing short of a miracle.

Usually, Jungkook wakes up in the morning to the sun on his face or the sound of his alarm. But at Taehyung's apartment, where the drapes are closed shut during the waking hours, he wakes up to the smell of breakfast or his phone vibrating on the nightstand.

It's become a routine, one he's easily settled into the more time he spends at Taehyung's apartment. (Truthfully, it's a wonder he hasn't moved in yet, but he works out of his apartment so he has to be there through most of the week.)

That morning, it's a soft warmth that rouses him from his dreams. (Dreams of him and Taehyung in previous lives, wrapped up in each others' arms and deeply in love.) Shifting a bit on the bed, he stretches his legs and blinks his eyes open. When he feels another gentle kiss on his skin, he smiles, curling up against Taehyung with a quiet sigh.

"Mm, morning," he hums, toes wiggling excitedly. "Whatcha doin'?"

Taehyung’s arms tighten around Jungkook when he hears him mumbling sleepily, eyes barely open when he looks up to meet them. Sleepy Jungkook is one of Taehyung’s favorites — his eyes are unfocused, blinking slowly, but he smiles so cutely, half of his mouth upturned a little more than the other.

“Morning,” he answers, pressing another kiss against the scar on Jungkook’s side before kissing his way up to his lips. “Just… thinking. About the past.”

Because Taehyung doesn’t sleep, he’s spent most of the night holding Jungkook, noticing the scars on his body, highlighted by the moonlight coming in through the window. He knows each and every scar on his body like the back of his hand.

“Sorry if I woke you,” Taehyung murmurs as he sneaks another kiss to Jungkook’s lips.

Jungkook giggles, kissing Taehyung back as he wiggles closer. "Mm, that's okay. I like getting woken up with kisses," he hums, nuzzling their noses together.

Stretching his legs again, he stifles a yawn into Taehyung's neck before relaxing again. "What about the past are you thinking about?"

Taehyung hums, fingers sliding up the scar on Jungkook’s side gently. He leans in to kiss the one on Jungkook’s cheek next.

“Mm, just thinking about your scars and marks on your body,” he says softly, resting his forehead against Jungkook’s. “I know how they all happened. It’s strange… that they caused such great wounds in past lives that you died but… but now they’re just apart of you. Part of your body — part of you that I love.”

Jungkook sighs, Taehyung's gentle touches making his heart flutter. He can't help the little shivers that roll up his spine either, Taehyung's lips feeling so wonderful on his skin.

Definitely the best way to wake up in the morning.

"I never noticed that they were always there," he hums, glancing down at his skin. He's had so many of his scars for so long that he can't remember a time when they weren't there. Was he born with them? Or did they slowly fade onto his body with time?

"Tell me about them," he whispers, looking back up at Taehyung.

Taehyung lets his fingers dance over the one on his side again. Barely noticeable, but it once was a wound serious enough to end his life.

“You got this one in our last life together,” he explains quietly. “When you were stabbed to death after leaving my home.”

He slides his hand around to his back, where a freckle is perfectly centered on his back. “This came from an arrow being shot at you during one of our lifetimes many, many centuries ago.”

Next, he kisses Jungkook’s cheek scar again, expression muted in sadness.

“This one came from our second life during the Joseon era.”

Jungkook reaches up to cup Taehyung's cheeks, thumbs brushing underneath his eyes. While he doesn't have too many memories from his past lives, he's seen (and felt) a few of his deaths. But hearing it from Taehyung is different.

Because while he's able to view them from a distance, Taehyung lived through each and every one of them.

He can only imagine the pain of watching your soulmate perish before your eyes. The loneliness that comes with waiting to meet them again.

"We've lived so many lives together," he whispers, fingers combing through Taehyung's hair.

Taehyung closes his eyes, leaning into Jungkook, relishing in the warm bubble they find themselves in. His drapes are closed, but the sun still warms the room, and Jungkook’s naked body wrapped around his is enough to warm him, too.

“We have,” he murmurs in agreement. “But this one is my favorite one of all.”

His hazel eyes open to look at Jungkook again, eyes full of love and dozens of lifetimes worth of it.

Jungkook can't help the way his heart explodes at Taehyung's words, nor the way his smile widens into a grin. He can't believe how lucky he is to be loved by Taehyung.

If they hadn't met -- if he hadn't chased Taehyung down at the lake -- his life would be so different. So empty...

"Why's that?" he asks quietly, leaning in to press a kiss against Taehyung's nose. 

There are a hundred reasons why this life is Taehyung’s favorite, but as he closes his eyes and enjoys this warm moment of love and tenderness, he needs only to say one.

“Because I get to spend the rest of your life with you,” he says softly, tilting his chin up to kiss Jungkook’s nose. “I get to love you for a whole lifetime.”

Jungkook sighs, his heart fluttering even more as his smile widens enough to split his face in half. To know that Taehyung has met him in so many lifetimes -- so many different versions of him -- and that this is his favorite?

It means so much to him.

And to know that he gets to grow old with Taehyung makes him even happier.

"I'm gonna love you enough for a thousand lifetimes," he hums, tilting his head up to kiss Taehyung's lips.

Taehyung likes the sound of that, a smile creeping onto his lips as he kisses Jungkook back slowly, enjoying the soft warm morning.

And he just knows that this lifetime is going to be the best one yet.

Whether that’s because of the curse breaking and Jungkook being safe, or because of this Jungkook — Taehyung isn’t really sure. But he knows one thing.

He’s going to love Jungkook enough for a thousand lifetimes, too.

In his thirty some-odd years of life, he's come out to a lot of people. Some of those experiences have been bad (not everyone is as accepting as his friends and family), but for the most part he's found love and comfort from the people closest to him.

Scurrying around his apartment, he makes an attempt at tidying things to the best of his ability before his friends arrive. Taehyung is seated in the living room while Jungkook tries to keep himself busy.

To ignore how anxious he is.

After all, he's never had to tell anyone he's dating a vampire before...

“Beloved,” Taehyung finally calls in a gentle voice, a little amused as he reaches out and wraps his arms around Jungkook’s waist, drawing him onto his lap. “If you don’t wish to tell them yet, we don’t have to.”

It had been Taehyung’s idea to share that he’s a vampire with the others, if only so Jungkook doesn’t have to feel like he’s lying to his friends or family. Truthfully, Taehyung is worried — nervous that they’ll see him for the monster he is.

He knows Jungkook wouldn’t leave him, that he loves him, but he doesn’t want to be the

for Jungkook to be alienated by his friends.

In all their lives together, Taehyung has never entertained the idea of telling anyone besides Jungkook. But in this one, he knows how important Jungkook’s friends are — and he knows that he’ll be seeing them quite a lot over the years now that Jungkook’s curse is lifted.

“We can always wait,” Taehyung offers, pressing a soft kiss to Jungkook’s cheek, trying to keep his facade cool and collected to not stress Jungkook out more than he already is.

Jungkook relaxes a little bit in Taehyung's arms, his body and mind exhausted from the busy work he's been doing to keep himself occupied. Though a little more anxiety creeps into his heart now that he isn't moving around or focused on reorganizing his bookshelf for the tenth time.

Looking up at Taehyung, he tries to push that anxiety to the side as he reaches up to brush his fingers through Taehyung's hair. "No, I want to tell them," he says, the corners of his lips quirking up in a small smile as he pulls Taehyung in for a kiss.

"I know they're going to be okay with it eventually. And... I want to be open with them."

Taehyung nods, leaning up to press a soft kiss to his lips. It’s cut short when the bell rings for Jungkook’s apartment, and he snorts when Jungkook scrambles off of his lap to fix his shirt and hair as he walks to the door.

Standing up so he can properly greet them, he smiles and bows as Namjoon, Yoongi and Seokjin all step inside.

“Hello,” he says.

“Hi…?” Namjoon replies, turning his eyes onto Jungkook. “It’s clean in here… what’s going on?”

Jungkook immediately flushes, his heart slingshotting up into his throat as he straightens. "What? I can't clean my place for my friends?" he mumbles, his heart racing as he reaches for Taehyung's hand.

Yoongi snorts, rolling his eyes with a playful smile. "No," he teases, stepping inside. "Who are you and what have you done with Jungkook?"

Jungkook huffs as Seokjin laughs.

Taehyung laughs, too, endeared as he wraps an arm around Jungkook’s waist. “There’s something we wanted to tell you,” he says for him, inviting them in. “We ordered food.”

Seokjin, unbothered, struts right over to the table where the food is set up, ready to start eating. Namjoon and Yoongi still look suspicious but slowly follow him to the table.

“You didn’t kill someone or something, did you?” Namjoon asks, eyes narrowing at the two of them.

Jungkook's eyes widen, his lips parting as he struggles to find the words. I mean, how are you supposed to respond to that? "Hyung!" he whines, smacking at Namjoon's arm. "It's nothing like that..."

Yoongi laughs, flopping down next to Seokjin and grabbing something to eat. "Good. I would've been insulted you didn't call me to help hide the body," he says with a small smile.

Which makes the corners of Jungkook's lips tilt up in a smile. "Well, I'll remember that for later," he says before glancing over at Taehyung. "Actually, it's... about us."

“Engaged?” Seokjin asks, no judgement in his voice as he grabs a bite of chicken and pops it into his mouth. “Get it, Kook-ah.”

Namjoon finally sits down slowly, still cautious as he looks at them, watching Jungkook’s cheeks flush even more.

“Ah, not quite,” Taehyung chuckles, squeezing Jungkook’s hip, endeared by his nervousness. He’s nervous, too, but he’s better at hiding it. “Truthfully, it’s about me.”

Jungkook looks back out at his friends, holding his breath as he studies their expressions. Slowly, he exhales as he leans into Taehyung's hold.

"Keep an open mind, okay?" he says with a small, hopeful smile. "And know that we would never lie to you."

Yoongi snorts, quirking an eyebrow as he looks up at Taehyung and Jungkook. "I don't think there's much you could say that would surprise us."

Taehyung can’t help but smirk a little at that, amused.

“I’m a vampire,” he admits, trying his best for nonchalance and casual as he grips Jungkook a little tighter.

Namjoon snorts. “Yeah right,” he says, shoving chicken into his mouth. “Is this a prank?”

Taehyung glances at Jungkook before turning back to his friends who seem to think it’s a joke. He lets his eyes flash red, his fangs elongating.

Yoongi's eyes widen, Seokjin choking on his food. Normally, Jungkook would laugh at Seokjin's expense, but he's too nervous to find this amusing.

Instead, he's watching them nervously, leaning into Taehyung as Yoongi slaps Seokjin on the back.

"It's not a prank," Jungkook says, reaching over to take one of Taehyung's hands, squeezing it tight. "You remember how, after I saw Taehyung for the first time, I knew he was my soulmate? That's because he is... Like, actually."

Namjoon’s jaw is gaping, half chewed up chicken falling from his mouth onto the floor. He blinks, staring at Taehyung who actually

under their scrutiny.

He quickly lets his eyes return to hazel and lets his fangs retract, going back to his usual human look.

“Wh—what?” he asks.

“I’ve lived for hundreds of years, and I’ve met nearly every one of Jungkook’s reincarnations.”

“Holy shit,” Seokjin whispers.

Yoongi looks between Jungkook and Taehyung, his eyebrows furrowed and lips parted. His expression is nothing short of confused, as if his brain is unable to fully comprehend what's going on.

Which does make Jungkook laugh a little bit, even if it's nervously. "Yeah, it's a long story," he says, shifting closer to Taehyung. "Witches and curses and stuff. But... it's true. And I hope you can accept that..."

“How about telling us the whole thing… from the beginning,” Seokjin suggests, motioning for the two to sit down at the table with them.

Taehyung is still nervous, gripping Jungkook’s hand, but he complies and they sit down.

He tells them of the curse, of losing Jungkook over and over — how he tried to stay away in this life to keep Jungkook safe. He tells them about Jungkook’s curse breaking, that he’s safe now.

And when he can’t say the words he needs to, Jungkook does for him, sensing when he needs it.

While eating, Namjoon, Seokjin and Yoongi all listen, and once they finish telling the story, it’s Namjoon that speaks first.

“I thought you were a little crazy to have been so attached to him so fast,” he says, eyes on Jungkook. “I was being supportive but I was thinking like, how did he know? But I guess… I guess your soul knew, even if you didn’t yet.”

Jungkook nods, a small smile tugging at his lips as he looks over at Taehyung. "The moment we met under that cherry blossom tree, I knew," he says, his smile widening a little bit. "Falling in love with you felt so natural and easy."

Flushing, he glances back over at his friends. "I know it's a lot..."

Finally, Yoongi laughs, leaning back in his seat. "Honestly, I shouldn't be surprised you'd end up with a vampire after editing your comics for the last seven years."

“Yeah, honestly,” Namjoon laughs. “Somehow this makes perfect sense.”

“I’m just happy you’re finally getting a dicking that you deserve,” Seokjin says with a shrug, earning groans from Yoongi and Namjoon. “What? I said what I said.”

“Did you have to be so crude?” Namjoon whines, face flushing.

Taehyung just laughs, lacing his and Jungkook’s fingers together, eyes turning to look at him. He can see the relief in his eyes at his friends acceptance, and it lifts a weight from his own shoulders, too.

Jungkook's chest feels lighter, and as he takes a deep breath, he laughs. "Thank you," he whispers, looking over at his friends as he squeezes Taehyung's hand. "I'm... Thank you for being so accepting."

Leaning forward, Yoongi reaches over to squeeze Jungkook's knee. "We're your friends, Kook. That's our job," he says, his smile small and warm.

“Plus you bribed us with chicken,” Seokjin teases, sitting back in his seat.

Namjoon laughs when Yoongi shoves at him. “We’re just happy you’re happy.”

Taehyung smiles, squeezing Jungkook’s hand back.

“I’ll take care of him,” he tells them, eyes adoring as he looks at Jungkook. “I just want him to be happy, too.”

Jungkook's heart flutters as he looks back up at Taehyung, his smile softening. "I am happy," he says, reaching up with his free hand to brush his fingers through Taehyung's hair.

"Cute," Seokjin says with a grin, kicking at Jungkook's leg playfully. "But enough of the sappy stuff. What's vampire life like? I bet the sex is

Taehyung chokes on his own spit, eyes bulging as he looks at Seokjin then Jungkook. Yoongi and Namjoon groan and shove at their friend again for being so shameless.

But it makes them all laugh, and it makes Taehyung happy seeing Jungkook glowing and grinning.

He hopes that this lifetime, their lives will always be this happy.

run out of questions, practically grilling Taehyung as he learns everything he can about vampires. Unsurprisingly, he asks a lot of questions about garlic, which turns into an in depth discussion about "human food."

Jungkook thinks it's cute.

As his friends begin to settle and relax and the conversation fades into something comfortable and amicable, Jungkook jumps up from the couch so he can clear off the coffee table and refill everyone's drinks.

Bustling around the kitchen, he hums as he cleans off the dishes. And slowly, his smile softens and his heart flutters as relief fills every nook and cranny of his body.

“Need some help?” Namjoon asks, stepping up next to Jungkook and picking up a towel to help dry the dishes as he washes them. He smiles softly at his friend, settling at his side when he nods. “You seem really happy lately, you know? You were never like this with Sungmin.”

He takes a plate from Jungkook and starts to dry it off before placing it down to stack the next one on top.

“Like… it’s night and day,” Namjoon adds, bumping his shoulder slightly.

Jungkook's heart flutters, his smile widening as he looks over at Namjoon. "Is it really that noticeable?" he asks, his cheeks pink and laughter on his lips. He's sure it is though.

Because he's never been this happy before.

"I'm really happy though. Taehyung makes me feel... so loved. And I love him more than I ever thought I could, you know?"

Namjoon smiles, taking the next dish to dry from him, nearly dropping it. But he catches himself and they both laugh a little about it.

“It is that noticeable,” he says. “I’m glad he treats you well. Honestly the story from earlier… it’s so tragic. It just made me sad, you know?”

He sets the now dry dish on the stack.

“I hope you guys get a happy ending this time. It’s only fair.”

Jungkook nods, his smile sad as he thinks about everything that Taehyung's endured. Even though they no longer have to worry about

curse, there's still a timeline on how long Taehyung gets to love him for, until he passes on.

"I hope so too," he says, his smile turning optimistic as he looks back over at Namjoon. "I'm optimistic that we can break Taehyung's curse too. I really wanna marry him and grow old with him, you know?"

Namjoon’s expression softens. “I wonder how we can break his curse,” he sighs, running a hand through his hair.

As they finish washing the dishes, Namjoon hums in thought a little more.

“There has to be a way,” he says. “You guys deserve to get married and grow old together.”

Jungkook grins, his heart squeezing as he bumps shoulder with Namjoon. He's so lucky, he thinks.

To have such an amazing boyfriend.

And such incredible friends.

"I think Hoseok said something about... breaking a curse by reversing the action that got you cursed in the first place?" he says, leaning against the counter and scratching at the side of his head. Truthfully, he's still not sure how he broke his own curse.

my shitty parents, but... maybe there's another way."

Namjoon nods, scratching his chin in thought. “I keep trying to think about if this were a comic story line we were working on,” he says, humming. “What was his curse again? Being a monster?”

He scratches his head. “Maybe it’s something to do with that. He believes he’s a monster.”

Jungkook's eyes widen a little bit as he looks up at Namjoon. "That could be it," he says quietly, his mind moving a mile a minute. "I mean, I was cursed that night too, when my parents killed me for running out on an arranged marriage... Maybe I broke it by breaking up with Sungmin instead of running away with Tae."

Truthfully, he can't be sure, but he has a feeling that had something to do with it. Taking responsibility for his feelings was hard, but it was worth it, he thinks.

"I don't know how to get Taehyung to see that he's not a monster though..."

Namjoon frowns, nodding. “Yeah, you can’t exactly change his thought process,” he says. “If that was it then… he needs like, therapy. To learn how to love himself.”

Jungkook nods, peaking out of the kitchen where Taehyung is chatting with Yoongi and Seokjin. Beautiful, amazing Taehyung.

Who deserves to love and be loved.

Who deserves to love himself.

"I'll see what I can do," he says, looking back over at Namjoon with a small smile.

Namjoon returns it with a nod, patting his friend on the back before they return to the living room to join the others.

Taehyung is in the midst of telling them about the Joseon era, and when he spots Jungkook return, he reaches for him and smiles.

Jungkook smiles, taking Taehyung's hand and squeezing it tight as he plops back down on the couch. And as he curls up against Taehyung's side, the conversation resumes, the four of them laughing about something or other.

Jungkook isn't really paying attention. Instead, he's thinking about Taehyung's curse; about the possibility of breaking it.

Their future together -- their happy ending -- seems so close he can almost taste it. And he knows he'll do whatever he can to get that for them.

Because, after everything they've been through, they deserve it.

“So good for me, love,” Taehyung moans, his breath fanning across Jungkook’s ear, his fingers gripping his inner thighs, thrusting up into him.

They’re on his couch after an evening stroll and painting couples class that Jungkook dragged him to, with Jungkook leaning back against his chest, Taehyung’s cock buried deep inside him, holding his thighs open as he slowly trails kisses down his neck.

Jungkook’s skin is already littered in hickies and bite marks,Taehyung’s eyes a deep shade of red, but he finds it so sexy how Jungkook is still always begging for

“Made for my cock—“ Taehyung growls, sinking his fangs into his neck again, eyes rolling back in pleasure as his sweet blood hits his tongue.

Jungkook gasps, his eyelids fluttering as he leans back against Taehyung's chest. Every touch -- every perfect thrust inside of him, every soft brush of lips -- burns through him until he's immolating.

It's addicting and Jungkook wants

In fact, he can't get enough.

Even covered in bite marks, he still can't get enough of Taehyung's fangs. And the lightheaded feeling that comes with this kind of euphoria makes it even better.

"Feels so good," he whimpers, his head tilting to the side, hips rolling to meet Taehyng's thrusts. "Want it harder, Tae--"

Taehyung growls, eyes burning bright red as Jungkook’s blood intoxicates him. Fuels him. His hips piston up into him hard and fast, his fingers gripping his thighs and spreading them a little wider, giving him access to Jungkook’s cock, too.

As his fangs sink deeper into Jungkook’s neck, more blood filling Taehyung’s mouth, he trails his fingers down lower, teasing at Jungkook’s rim stretched so perfectly around his cock.

Fuck, he’s so hot. Taehyung feels like he just wants to

him, make his pleasure build until he’s screaming in ecstasy.

And Jungkook's so incredibly close to being ruined, teetering on the edge of falling apart as Taehyung fucks him so good.

His thighs are shaking, his breath coming out in pants as he tries to roll back into every thrust, pushing Taehyung in deeper; harder. "Fuck,

m'so close," he whimpers, biting down on his lower lip, his eyes rolling back in his head as wave after wave of pleasure rolls through him.

His toes curl in the air, his hands reaching back to bury his fingers in Taehyung's hair, desperate for anything to grab onto to keep himself grounded. "Just like that, don't stop,

Taehyung sucks harder at his neck, his mind going hazy as the blood further intoxicates him, making his more animalistic instincts take over. He fucks him harder, fingers gripping so tightly that they’ll probably leave marks.

His eyes glow red, growling against his neck as he chases his own orgasm, pounding into Jungkook harder and faster and deeper.

Jungkook can barely think straight, his mind a mess as he grips Taehyung's hair and writhes on his lap. He can't do much else than take Taehyung's cock, his muscles aching and his head light.

But he certainly isn't complaining. Not when it feels so fucking good.

, Tae-- right there," he whimpers, his head tilting to the side as he feels the blood drain from his neck. And with a few more powerful thrusts up against his prostate, his entire body tightens as his orgasm crashes into him. Gasping and moaning, he grips onto Taehyung tighter as he comes.

As Jungkook comes, Taehyung continues to thrust up into him, using him as a flashlight to make himself come, his brain drifting as more blood fills his mouth.

He’s so overcome with pleasure that he can’t hear Jungkook’s heartbeat, or how it’s starting to slow down.

A low growl escapes his lips as he keeps going, Jungkook’s overstimulated whines and moans only spurring him on until he’s pressing in as deep as he can, coming inside of him.

Jungkook moans as he feels Taehyung come; as he feels Taehyung filling him up and fucking him until he's done. Using him like a toy.

Fuck, Taehyung's so hot. So perfect. Jungkook didn't know sex could be so mindblowing; so addicting.

But as he starts to slowly come down from his high, exhaustion begins to sink in, curling around his bones and filling his head with fog. Darkness seeps into the corners of his vision and the warmth of his orgasm is replaced by a shiver, the tips of his fingers and toes turning cold.

Before he can say anything -- before he can untangle himself from Taehyung -- the exhaustion hits him hard, and with a quiet sigh, his eyes slip closed and his body goes limp.

Taehyung is so lost in his own pleasure that he doesn’t notice right away. Instead, he keeps rocking up into him, dragging his own orgasm out, until he’s too sensitive to keep going. Slowly, he detaches himself from Jungkook’s neck, licking the wound closed before nuzzling into his neck.

His body is still buzzing, his arms moving to wrap around Jungkook’s middle, holding him close.

“Mm, how was that, love?” he asks, voice low and husky, eyes still glowing. He can feel his own body’s strength tingling from all the blood he consumed.

A quiet sound slips from Jungkook's lips, but other than that, he doesn't move. His breathing has evened out, his lips turning cold as his heartbeat slows down.

He's completely limp in Taehyung's arms, barely even twitching as he breath comes out slower and slower.

“Jungkook?” Taehyung asks, the thrumming in his body starting to make him feel sick as he gently maneuvers him to look at his face.

“Fuck, oh fuck,” Taehyung whispers as panic piercing through his entire body. He carefully lays him down on the couch and immediately grabs a blanket to cover him with to warm him up. “Jungkook? Fuck.”

Running his fingers through his hair and tugging, he feels his entire body starting to shut down from nerves and fear.

He yanks a pair of pants back on as he runs to his door, immediately going to Jimin’s apartment across the hall and banging on the door frantically.

“Jimin! Jimin, it’s me! I need help!”

The door opens almost immediately, Jimin wide-eyed and a little bit panicked. Definitely looking like he just woke up from a deep sleep, not that he's tired anymore.

Seeing Taehyung's own panicked expression has him even more nervous. After all, it's rare when Taehyung ever loses his composure.

"What? What is it?" he asks, running his hands through his messy hair. "Did something happen?" Immediately, he grabs his nurse's bag by his front door, stepping out into the hall and closing his door behind him.

Taehyung is struggling to explain exactly what happened, his own voice cutting in and out with panic as he runs with Jimin back into his apartment and leads him to Jungkook.

“I—I did this to him,” he cries, his nails digging into his own palms as he clenches his fist. “I can’t — I can’t hear his heart,

Jimin's heart stops in his chest when he sees Jungkook laid out on the couch, his face pale and his body too still. "Fuck," he whispers, rushing over to his side and dropping down to his knees. Pressing his fingers against Jungkook's pulse point, he hovers his hand over Jungkook's lips.

It takes a moment, but when he feels Jungkook's breath against his palm -- and his heartbeat, though weak, against his fingers -- he relaxes with a sigh of relief.

"He's alive," he says, looking back over at Taehyung. "He's just faint..."

Opening his nurse's bag, he starts rummaging around inside before he busies himself with putting a pillow underneath Jungkook's legs. "What happened?"

Taehyung is trembling, still feeling the after effects of his blood lust, lips parting slightly as he watches Jimin tend to Jungkook.

You did this to him. You monster.

“I—I drank too much blood,” he whispers hoarsely, regret not even beginning to explain the guilt building in his body.

Jimin glances over at Taehyung, his heart aching seeing his best friend so shaken up. So in pain. And as he looks over at Jungkook and sees the hickeys and marks on his skin, he knows he shouldn't be surprised.

he had no idea these two went so hard.)

"He's gonna be okay, Tae," he says with a small, comforting smile. "He probably just went into mild hemorrhagic shock. You did the right thing laying him down on his back and getting me." 

Digging through his nursing bag again, he pulls an IV bag and line, quickly getting a fresh needle on before handing the bag to Taehyung. After disinfecting Jungkook's arm, he pushes the needle in and releases the valve so the fluid can start to flow.

Taehyung bites his bottom lip, his nails digging so hard into his palms that they bleed. But he doesn’t feel it — doesn’t feel anything besides the paralyzing fear of almost killing Jungkook.

, his mind whispers.

And maybe Jungkook’s curse is broken, but Taehyung’s isn’t.

Once the IV drip is set up, Jimin sighs and stands up so he can turn his attention to Taehyung. Because he can see the guilt and pain swirling in Taehyung's eyes; can see it in his posture and feel it coming off of him in waves.

"Tae, it's gonna be okay. Jungkook's fine," he says, taking Taehyung's other hand and squeezing it tight. "Accidents happen..."

But he just shakes his head, taking his hands back to wrap his arms around himself. How stupid for him to think he could be with Jungkook for this entire lifetime.

He could easily lose control again, and what if it’s worse? What if

“I just — I lost control,” he whispers, eyes burning with tears. “I did this to him. I hurt him.”

Jimin's heart aches as he rests his hand on Taehyung's arm, squeezing it gently. "You didn't mean to, Tae," he whispers, rubbing Taehyung's arm.

“It doesn’t matter,” Taehyung whispers back, lower lip wobbling as he fights to keep his tears at bay. “If I’d of killed him, it doesn’t mean anything if I didn’t mean to. I still would have.”

Running a hand through his hair, stressed, he glances back at Jungkook, his frown deepening, eyes filled with fear.

“I want to keep him safe but I’ve been trying to keep him safe from everyone but me,” Taehyung says. “But I’m the real threat here. I’m — I’m the monster.”

Jimin frowns, looking from Jungkook to Taehyung. What is he supposed to say to that? He knows it isn't true -- he knows Taehyung is incapable of killing anyone,

Before he can say anything, Jungkook slowly stirs on the couch, his eyelids fluttering before his eyes crack open. Taking a deep breath, he glances around before his eyes land on Taehyung. And as a slow smile tugs at his face, he hums happily. "Mm, hey love," he whispers, not quite noticing the fear in Taehyung's eyes yet. "Fuck, that was so good..."

Taehyung is by his side in an instant, moving so fast it makes a breeze blow Jimin’s hair as he kneels down beside the couch, gently taking Jungkook’s hand. He’s never held it so gently, so careful now.

“Are you okay?” he asks, reaching his other hand up to gently cup his cheek, the relief at seeing Jungkook’s open and look at him enough to have him practically collapsing on the ground.

Jungkook sighs, leaning into Taehyung's touch as his smile widens. "Of course I am," he whispers, looking up at Taehyung with love practically pouring out of his eyes. He's still not fully awake or aware -- hasn't even noticed the IV needle stuck in his skin -- but it's hard to notice anything when Taehyung's next to him.

"Did I come so hard, I fainted? Because

that was really hot..."

(Behind Taehyung, Jimin coughs and then looks away.)

Taehyung shakes his head, his lips trembling, gently stroking his cheek with his thumb. “No, I—I lost control, Jungkook,” he tells him quietly, ashamed. “I took too much blood and went into blood lust. I could have

As if for emphasis, he gently lifts Jungkook’s arm to show him the IV needle.

Jungkook's eyebrows furrow as he looks down at the IV needle. As he looks up and sees Jimin standing behind him, his heart lurches in his chest. Glancing back at Taehyung, he squeezes his hand weakly, the smile reappearing on his lips. "Oh, Tae," he whispers, shaking his head before turning it to kiss Taehyung's palm. "It's okay, love. I'm fine. There's no way you would have killed me..."

Taehyung finds himself frustrated, because Jungkook trusts him so much. Too much. He doesn’t even realize that Taehyung is a monster — doesn’t register it. But he is.

And he could easily lose control again and accidentally kill him.

“You — you can’t know that, Jungkook,” Taehyung says, tone quiet but firm. “I’m not safe to you, even if your curse is broken. Mine isn’t, Jungkook, and I

a monster. When I go into blood lust, I run on instinct. I didn’t even

for your heartbeat, all I thought about was getting more blood.”

Jungkook's eyebrows furrow again, a frown tugging at his lips as Taehyung's words sink into his heart, making it ache.

Just hearing that word leave Taehyung's lips hurts him. He wishes Taehyung could see him the way that he sees him: beautiful, sweet, wonderful, kind. Someone worthy of his trust.

Someone who would never hurt him.

Shaking his head, he frowns even deeper as he looks up at Taehyung. "You're not a monster, Taehyungie," he says, also quiet but firm. "You're my soulmate. Someone I've loved in countless lifetimes and will keep loving until the end of time." Sighing, his eyes flutter closed for a moment before he looks up at Taehyung again. "Also, I was there too. Not only was I encouraging you to go harder, I was the one who didn't say anything when I started feeling lightheaded. I could have stopped you, but I didn't."

Taehyung’s eyes are wet as tears well up again, leaning down he rests his head against Jungkook’s stomach, fingers lacing together with his gently.

“It’s not your fault,” he whispers, sighing softly. “You should rest, your body needs rest to recover.”

He turns to look at Jimin and offers a small, nervous smile. “Thank you for helping, Jimin.  Sorry I woke you.”

Jimin offers Taehyung a small smile of his own. "It's okay, Tae. Anytime, you know that," he says, stepping up so he can grab his nurse's bag. "Just remove the IV when the bag is empty. And make sure he rests and eats and he'll be back to normal in no time."

Giving Taehyung's shoulder a small squeeze, he nods at Jungkook before he leaves the apartment.

Taehyung slowly gets up from his spot on the floor by the couch and disappears for a moment, coming back with a warm, wet cloth. He’s gently as he cleans Jungkook up from earlier before settling down on the floor next to the couch again.

“Is there anything specific you want to eat?” he asks, fingers brushing his hair back for him, eyes still red and full of worry and guilt.

Jungkook watches Taehyung quietly, his own eyes filled with concern and a little bit of frustration. "Whatever you have is fine," he mumbles, lifting his free hand to brush his fingers through Taehyung's hair.

Taehyung nods, leaning into his touch, his eyes fluttering shut. His fingers come up to gently hold his forearm, keeping his hand against his cheek.

“I’m sorry,” he murmurs. “I—I’ll do better. I never want to hurt you.”

Slowly, his eyes open as he looks at Jungkook.

“I won’t lose control again. I’m sorry.”

Jungkook sighs, shaking his head as he watches Taehyung. "If it isn't my fault, then it isn't yours either," he mumbles, weaving his fingers through Taehyung's hair, nails scratching along his scalp."I know you'll never hurt me, Tae... But I'm not made of glass either."

Taehyung lets his hands fall back into his lap, looking away. He would never hurt Jungkook while he’s aware, of course.

But when he goes into blood lust — he doesn’t think. It’s instinct.

“I know you aren’t,” he says. “But there is a chance that I could hurt you, Jungkook. Even if it’s not on purpose. I know you’re not afraid of me and I never want you to be, but I

afraid of me. And what I could do when I’m not in the right headspace.”

Jungkook slips his fingers through Taehyung's hair, weaving through the strands as he listens and thinks. His mind is still foggy and he's exhausted, but even through that he knows that, even in the throes of passion, Taehyung could never hurt him.

"I don't want you to be afraid of yourself," he whispers, shaking his head. "Especially because I was leading you into that headspace. Having you lose control... I liked it. It felt so good. So I'm partially to blame, okay?"

Brushing Taehyung's hair behind his ears, he offers a small smile. "Taehyung, no one has ever treated me with such love and kindness like you. No one has ever protected me the way you do. And I've seen enough of our lives together to know that you are nothing less than an angel. My soulmate is the kindest, most beautiful man to have ever walked this earth."

Taehyung feels so torn between his thoughts calling him a monster and his soulmate calling him an angel. His mind is a mess and he feels too anxious and worried about the future and things that may not even happen.

And he just wants to be comforted.

So slowly he sits up and slides his arms under Jungkook to shift him a little, giving himself a bit of room to lay on couch beside him, wrapping his arms around Jungkook, tangling their legs.

As he buries his face into the crook of Jungkook’s neck, making himself small to fit into the small space on the couch, he feels himself start to relax — just a little bit.

Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung as best he can, holding him close, hands running up and down his back. Turning his head, he presses gentle little kisses into Taehyung's hair.

"I love you so much," he whispers, nuzzling his nose into the side of Taehyung's hair. "My beautiful, wonderful soulmate. The love of my life. My angel... I'm so lucky to love and be loved by you."

Taehyung closes his eyes, wet with tears, and presses closer into his neck. He wants so badly to believe his words, to be an angel instead of a monster.

He’s going to have to work hard.

But as he lays in Jungkook’s arms, basking in the affection he had once told himself he didn’t deserve, Taehyung realizes that the only thing stopping him from that is himself.

If he tries harder, if he works harder to control himself — if he communicates and works with Jungkook instead of constantly shielding or protecting or finding fear in everything — then maybe he could.

Maybe he could be an angel instead of a monster.

Waking up next to Taehyung is quite possibly one of Jungkook's favorite things. (Next to kissing Taehyung, falling asleep next to Taehyung, cuddling Taehyung, horror movies, and hanging out with his friends, of course.)

There's just something so comforting about the warmth of Taehyung's (cold) embrace. About the way their eyes connect when he finally blinks himself awake after a long night's rest.

The way Taehyung's hair is all messy and cute, his lips so soft and kissable.

That morning, when he wakes up in Taehyung's arms, the two of them curled up in his bed, his heart immediately flutters, his toes curling and his smile widening into a grin. "Morning," he hums, leaning up to press a kiss against Taehyung's lips.

Taehyung smiles, chasing after Jungkook’s lips when he pulls back, kissing him again. “Morning,” he replies in a soft voice, arms pulling him closer. “Did you sleep well?”

Taehyung used to hate the mornings. He doesn’t sleep and he can’t go out into the sunlight, so for a long time, there was nothing good about them. But getting to watch Jungkook slowly wake up, his eyes blinking open to look up at him, a sleepy smile stretching over his lips — now that alone has turned Taehyung into a morning person.

He’ll never get tired of it.

Jungkook hums, pulling Taehyung in for another kiss. And another.

He can't get enough of Taehyung's kisses. Or Taehyung, really, but that shouldn't surprise anyone. He's just so in love with Taehyung.

And it's a love that only gets stronger every day.

"Slept so well," he hums against Taehyung's lips, kissing him again with a quiet giggle. "Especially since I have the most comfy pillow in the world."

Taehyung chuckles, nose nudging against Jungkook’s. “Glad to know I have my uses,” he teases, leaning down to kiss him again, rolling them over so that he’s hovering over top of him.

But his kisses don’t get heated, only remain soft and playful and sweet.

Ever since their last scare, Taehyung has been too scared to drink from Jungkook

have sex. He misses it, of course, craves Jungkook’s touch and whimpers and moans — but he’s too scared to lose control again.

Jungkook, unsurprisingly, is getting frustrated by the lack of intimacy with Taehyung. Sure, they kiss and cuddle -- and he

being physically affectionate with Taehyung -- but the hesitancy is... disheartening.

While he knows he needs to be more careful with his own life -- and he doesn't have a death wish -- he also doesn't like being treated like he's fragile either. Because he isn't.

Still, now's definitely not the time to bring it up, especially when he has to go to work (his home office) soon. So instead, he wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck and kisses him back, relishing in the closeness and warmth.

(But he really, really wants Taehyung to bite him.)

“Mm, I love you,” Taehyung murmurs against his lips between kisses, hands sliding up his sides. 

Just as he’s about to dive in for another kiss, Jungkook’s phone buzzes on the side table, Namjoon’s face and name popping up on the screen. Sighing, Taehyung rolls off of Jungkook so he can get his phone, laying beside him, propping his head up with his hand.

“Hey, Kook-ah,” Namjoon says as soon as Jungkook answers the call. “I’m almost to your place now. I’m a little early today since I have to leave earlier this afternoon.”

Jungkook sits up, stifling a yawn as he nods. "Okay, I'll start getting ready. See you soon, hyung," he says before hanging up his phone and tossing it onto the bed. Turning back toward Taehyung, he grins as he wiggles back into his arms.

"Mm, where were we?" he whispers, capturing Taehyung's lips in another kiss.

Taehyung laughs as Jungkook curls his way back into his arms, his arms immediately wrapping around him as he reaches for the blankets to pull them up over their heads, lips finding Jungkook’s as darkness surrounds them.

They kiss until Namjoon does arrive, buzzing into the building, only pulling away begrudgingly when it’s time for Jungkook to truly get up and ready for work.

Should Taehyung just offer to be his sugar daddy? Then he wouldn’t even

to work and they could kiss all day long, uninterrupted…

“Morning,” Namjoon says as he steps into the apartment, his eyes widening slightly at the sight of Jungkook brushing his teeth and Taehyung standing in his apartment. “Oh, sorry, I hope I didn’t interrupt anything.”

Jungkook laughs, spitting his toothpaste into the sink and washing out his mouth. "You're good, hyung. Tae just spent the night and is gonna hang out here for a bit," he says, grabbing a comb so he can brush it through his hair.

As soon as he's done, he skips out of the bathroom with a bright smile. "Oh, since you're here early, I could go grab us breakfast. What do you want? Your usual?"

Taehyung momentarily panics at the thought of being alone with one of Jungkook’s friends that he’s not exactly close with. But Namjoon knows what he is and didn’t seem scared…

He’s not sure what they’ll talk about, though.

“Yeah, that sounds great,” Namjoon replies with a grateful smile, setting his bag down at his desk. “Thanks, Kook.”

"No problem, hyung," Jungkook says, grabbing his wallet as he heads toward the door. Of course, he makes sure to stop and give Taehyung a kiss.

"See you both soon."

Blowing Taehyung a kiss, he laughs as he slips out the door. And when it closes behind him, Namjoon and Taehyung are left in the apartment. Alone.

Taehyung doesn’t know what to talk about with humans.

What’s that thing they always do? Big talk?

“So,” he says with an awkward cough, hands stuffing into his pockets. “Nice weather we’re having.”

Outside, thunder cracks as rain pours from the sky.

Namjoon glances out the window and laughs. "Guess it is if you don't like the sun," he says, his grin sheepish. Truthfully, he's not sure if he can playfully rib Taehyung like that. He just hopes Taehyung knows it's not a joke. "I like the rain too though."

Shrugging out of his raincoat, he hangs it up by the front door and plops down on the couch. Looking up at Taehyung, he considers him carefully. He's not really sure what to say either.

And he knows he could easily jump into work mode and leave Taehyung to his own devices. But he isn't one to lose out on an opportunity, especially if that opportunity is getting to know his best friend's partner/soulmate.

"So, uh, I heard what happened," he says, offering Taehyung a small, sympathetic smile. "Are you... okay?"

Taehyung’s eyes widen, a flush creeping up his neck at the mention of the incident. He’s not sure how much Namjoon heard — how truthful Jungkook was about the seriousness of it, too, since he seemed to have

it more than feared it.

But he decides to just be honest.

“Truthfully?” he starts, shifting his weight to his other foot, looking uncomfortable. “Not really.”

Namjoon nods, his expression solemn and thoughtful as he scratches at his chin. With his free hand, he pats the spot next to him on the couch.

"I can imagine," he hums, watching Taehyung with a gaze that could only be described as understanding. "It sounds like it was really terrifying for you. Do you... want to talk about it?"

Namjoon seems like a reasonable person, so Taehyung drags Jungkook’s desk chair over and sits down, looking serious and anxious.

He doesn’t know how to explain to Jungkook how scary it is, or how he should fear him more. Jungkook seems too swept up in the ‘love’ part of it to recognize that he could hurt him — even if it’s an accident.

Maybe Namjoon will have some good words of wisdom.

“I’m just really scared to hurt him again,” he unloads immediately with a sigh. “And Jungkook… he doesn’t understand how dangerous I can be. Not that I’m a danger to him but — but if I lose control, I could hurt him on accident again.”

Namjoon hums again, crossing his legs as he makes himself comfortable on the couch. He almost feels like a therapist and, if the situation weren't so serious, he might even laugh.

"I can only imagine how scary that must have been. Losing control is never easy, but I'm sure it was harder around someone you love," he says quietly. "As for Jungkook, I think he understands the danger, but I think, for him, it's more about trust, you know? He trusts you with his life."

That makes something flutter in Taehyung’s chest, a strange sensation.

“I want to be worthy of that trust…” Taehyung mumbles, pouting. “I want to give him everything he wants and make him happy, but I’m so scared to hurt him now. Seeing him like that just reminded me of the past, except that then it wasn’t something rest could fix.”

Nodding, Namjoon rubs at his chin before reaching up to adjust his glasses. "I bet. From what you told us, having to lose Jungkook over and over again must have been incredibly traumatic. And to know you'll keep living long after... You have every reason to be scared," he says, his expression softening a little bit.

"The thing is... Or, at least, the way I see it, is that Jungkook knows all of that about you. He even knew that falling in love with you could be dangerous to him, but he did it anyway. Maybe that does make him naive and headstrong, but I think it also really speaks to how much he believes you're worthy of that trust."

Taehyung frowns, he hadn’t really thought of it that way.

“I can’t lose him,” he finally says, eyes slowly looking back up to meet Namjoon’s. “Not this Jungkook. I won’t survive it.”

"I know," Namjoon says sympathetically. Reaching over, he places his hand over Taehyung's, giving it a little squeeze. It's not as cold as he thought it would be, which makes him smile a little bit.

"This is just my two cents, but if you live your life waiting for the other shoe to drop, you'll miss out on a lot of experiences. Living is scary and accidents happen all the time, but the best we can do is keep moving forward." Taking a deep breath, he exhales slowly. "When Jungkook told us what happened, it was kind of alarming how unfazed he sounded about the whole thing." He laughs at that, his smile widening as he thinks about how Jungkook seemed to focus more on the "best sex of his life" rather than the near death experience.

"But he really doesn't see it as you hurting him. He sees it as an accident. To be human is to make mistakes, and to learn from those mistakes is what makes us stronger. Happier. You know?"

Taehyung takes in Namjoon’s words and wonders if his own anxieties and fears are going to be the downfall of him and Jungkook. Because even if Jungkook has broken his curse and won’t die — would he stay in a relationship if Taehyung continually doubts himself?

To be human is to make mistakes.

Taehyung hasn’t been a human in a long time, but perhaps he’s also been too hard on himself.

“I hadn’t thought about it like that,” he says. “Thank you, Namjoon.”

Namjoon's smile softens and he leans over to give Taehyung's hand another squeeze. "Anytime. Since you're dating Kook, you're officially part of our weird gang now," he teases, laughing quietly.

"And, for what it's worth... Jungkook thinks the world of you. Words can't even describe how much he shines when he's around you. And, in my opinion, someone who has the unconditional love and trust of one of the sweetest guys in the world can't be anything less than a wonderful person."

Taehyung feels another strange fluttering in his chest, his lips tugging up into a smile as he looks at Namjoon. He thanks him, but before he can truly tell him how much he appreciates his words, the door is opening when Jungkook returns.

He gets up immediately to help him carry the takeout bags inside, watching as Jungkook and Namjoon start discussing their tasks for the day ahead while he goes through the bag of food and hands Namjoon his.

And watching Jungkook, Taehyung feels his chest flutter again, feels his heart growing more fond of him.

Maybe he should have known that someone as good as Jungkook would never love a monster.

And if he loves him this much, then maybe he’s not as much of a monster as he thought.

Jungkook has been planning this date for at least a week, and he wants it to be perfect.

The perfect evening out followed by the perfect dinner and ending with the perfect night in bed.

It's not an especially hard bar to hit for him -- every date he's had with Taehyung, even ones where they've stayed in and watched movies, has been amazing -- but he wants Taehyung to love it. Because he wants to treat Taehyung for once.

He wants Taehyung to feel special and doted on, like Taehyung does for him.

He starts the evening off with drinks at a nice bar followed by a private gallery showing by an artist Namjoon recommended. Now they're headed to the restaurant where Jungkook made reservations. Even though he knows Taehyung can't eat, the place he found has a beautiful view of the Seoul skyline and great atmosphere, which he hopes Taehyung enjoys.

Walking down the street, hand in hand, Jungkook keeps looking over at Taehyung, his smile soft and loving. "I should let Joonie recommend more galleries to me. I clearly don't look at enough art," he teases, squeezing Taehyung's hand.

Taehyung smiles, endeared at how much effort Jungkook has put into this evening. As they walk together with their fingers laced together in the evening, he finds himself wishing that they could do more of this stuff.

“There are some nice ones in Busan, as well,” he says, squeezing his hand back. “Perhaps we can take a trip sometime.”

Jungkook's smile softens even more, his heart fluttering as he thinks about taking a trip with Taehyung.

A romantic trip to Busan. Maybe even Jeju.

He wants to travel the world with Taehyung. Make the most of every second they have together.

"That sounds like a plan," he says, swinging their hands with a grin. "Are there any things you want to do together?"

Taehyung looks at him, his expression softening as he swings their hands together. Jungkook is so cute it makes his heart ache sometimes.

“Hmm, I want to do everything together,” he finally decides with a laugh. “I want to watch stupid movies together and go out for coffee together… I want to fall asleep beside you and make breakfast together…”

He squeezes Jungkook’s hand gently again.

He wants to be human with Jungkook.

“I want to grow old with you, and marry you.”

Jungkook's steps stall a little bit, his heart racing as he looks up at Taehyung. And maybe they've discussed this before, but still -- the thought of marrying Taehyung and growing old with him makes him so ridiculously happy he can't even put it into words.

Slowly, he starts to walk again, his smile widening into a grin as he looks up at Taehyung as if he put the moon in the sky. "I want that too. More than anything," he says breathlessly, squeezing Taehyung's hand.

Taehyung lifts their clasped hands up to press a kiss against the back of Jungkook’s hand.

“Someday,” he says, though he’s not sure if that’s true.

He’s not sure how to break his curse — or if it’s even breakable in the first place. But for Jungkook, he’ll try.

"Someday," Jungkook says, and his impossibly wide smile says he believes it with his whole heart. Because he knows they're going to break Taehyung's curse.

Laughing, he swings their hands a little bit as he leads them toward the restaurant. "Is it sad that I daydream about it often?"

Taehyung shakes his head. “I’ve been daydreaming about it for centuries. It’s all you and I wanted before we were cursed.”

It truly is heartbreaking, that all they wanted was to be together and in every life, they’ve been taken from each other.

Jungkook squeezes Taehyung's hand a little bit tighter. "Well, I'm gonna make our first dream a reality," he says, offering Taehyung an optimistic smile.

Taehyung feels his heart squeeze in his chest, his own lips pulling up into a smile in return. If Jungkook can be optimistic, then so can he.

“Okay,” he says softly. “We’ll make it a reality, then. It’s settled.”

Stopping again, Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck so he can pull him in for a slow, sweet kiss. One containing every ounce of love he has in his heart to give -- and then some.

Because the way he loves Taehyung easily surpasses the capacity of his own heart.

"Deal," he hums, brushing his fingers through Taehyung's hair.

Taehyung smiles at him fondly, eyes only on him, full of love. He pecks his lips one more time, hands holding his waist to keep him close.

And just as Taehyung is about to kiss him again, he hears Jungkook’s stomach rumble.

“Let’s get some food in you,” he laughs, sliding his arm around his waist. “We can kiss all night, but I’m afraid your body will eat itself if we don’t hurry to the restaurant.”

Jungkook laughs, leaning against Taehyung's side. "Sounds good to me," he hums, turning his head to press a kiss against Taehyung's cheek before finally pulling him toward the restaurant.

It's pretty packed for a Saturday evening, a line forming out the door just for a table. Of course, Jungkook made reservations, and as they breeze past said line and head straight in, he can't help the way his grin widens with pride and excitement.

The host is quick to look up their name before pointing them toward the bar where they can wait until their table is ready.

Taking Taehyung's hand, Jungkook leads him deeper into the restaurant. And as they're about to take a seat, he notices someone familiar sitting at the bar. "Sungmin?" he asks, eyes wide and a smile on his lips.

Sungmin turns at the sound of his name being called in a familiar voice, only to spot Jungkook holding hands with Taehyung. A smile slowly grows on his own lips.

“Hey, Jungkook-ah,” he greets, nodding to Taehyung. “Small world running into you here.”

Taehyung squeezes Jungkook’s hand gently, motioning for him to keep talking while their table is set with menus and drink glasses.

Jungkook squeezes Taehyung's hand back as he closes the gap between himself and Sungmin. "Yeah, it's so good to see you," he says, genuine happiness evident in his expression and the way his heart flutters.

"How have you been?" Glancing over at Taehyung, his smile widens a bit. "You remember Taehyung?"

Sungmin nods, smiling a bit wider as he bows to him politely. Taehyung does, as well. “Of course, good to see you again,” he says. “Actually, um—“

“Hope you didn’t order without me, baby,” someone says as they come up behind Sungmin, an arm wrapping over his shoulders. He sees Jungkook and Taehyung and smiles. “Hi. Are these your friends, Min-ah?”

“Uh, yes,” Sungmin says as his face turns red. “Actually, uh, that’s my ex. Jungkook. And Jungkook’s friend, Taehyung.”

Jungkook's eyes widen when he sees Sungmin's date, his eyebrows shooting up before his expression morphs into something warm, his smile widening into a grin. "It's so nice to meet you," he says happily, squeezing Taehyung's hand again.

Glancing over at Sungmin, he laughs as he playfully scrunches his nose, giving him a look that clearly asks,

Is this the interior decorator?

“You, too,” Sungmin’s date says.

Sungmin chews on his bottom lip a little. “Heeyoung is actually my interior designer. I told you about him before.”

Heeyoung looks at Sungmin. “You talked about me?”

Sungmin flushes even more.

“It’s our first date,” heeyoung says with a laugh, playfully pinching Sungmin’s cheek.

Jungkook's smile widens and he can't help the way his heart flutters even more. It's so cute seeing Sungmin look so happy (so flustered). And it makes him happy to know that Sungmin's found someone who sees him for who he is: sweet, kind, caring.

Sungmin deserves that.

"Cute. I'm sure you'll both have a good time," he says, before looking over at Taehyung. "Taehyung and I are on a date too. Maybe... the four of us could get dinner sometime?"

Sungmin smiles and nods. “Yeah, that would be fun.”

“We’ll set something up then!” Heeyoung says with a clap of his hands. “Enjoy your date, nice meeting you!”

Taehyung bows to them as he moves to pull the chair out for Jungkook before taking his own seat across the table.

“You look happy,” he notes with a small smile.

Jungkook nods, reaching over to take Taehyung's hand in his as he gets comfortable in his chair. "I am," he says, lacing his and Taehyung's fingers together, squeezing them playfully.

"Even though I wasn't in love with Sungmin, I still love him, you know? He's an important person to me and it makes me really happy to see him happy..."

Taehyung runs his thumb over the back of Jungkook’s hand. “I’m glad for you both,” he says sincerely. “That you both get to be happy.”

He lifts Jungkook’s hand to kiss his knuckles gently.

“Now, what two meals sound good to you? I’ll eat a little so as not to raise suspicions, but you’ll be eating most of them.”

Jungkook laughs as he looks up at Taehyung adoringly, his smile wide and his heart fluttering. (It's always fluttering around Taehyung, he realizes, and it's surprising it hasn't taken wing and flown away yet.)

"I'm thinking something meaty," he says, squeezing Taehyung's hand before pulling it up to his lips, brushing them across his knuckles too. Suddenly he wishes there wasn't an entire table between them, so he could reach over and shower Taehyung with kisses.

Taehyung smiles fondly at Jungkook, the two of them going over the menu together. Teasingly, he offers to get them the spaghetti to do the bit where they eat the same noodle until they kiss, but they decide perhaps the restaurant isn’t the place to do it.

At home, where Taehyung can ravish Jungkook afterwards.

Jungkook can't remember the last time he had this much fun at a restaurant or eating dinner. It doesn't surprise him though; every date with Taehyung is wonderful in the way that movies and songs describe it.

He just loves spending time with Taehyung. Loves getting to talk with him, curl up against him, kiss him.

Humming happily, he looks up at Taehyung, chin propped up in the palm of his hand, a smile on his lips.

"Do you wanna try a little?" he asks, holding up some of his dish to Taehyung's lips with a playful smile.

Taehyung knows the consequences, but Jungkook is so cute, and he wants this date to be perfect. So he leans forward and takes the bite, slowly chewing as he does.

Food usually doesn’t have much taste for him, but this one is intensely garlicy.

“Mm,” he hums, swallowing. “That’s the first time I’ve not hated eating human food in centuries.”

He’s pretty sure it’s because Jungkook fed it to him, though.

Jungkook laughs, taking a bite as well. "Really?" he asks, washing his food down with a sip of wine. "Does it taste good then?"

Taehyung hums, leaning forward to open his mouth for another bite. “Only one way to find out.”

When Jungkook feeds him another bite, he smiles as he chews, eyes fixated on Jungkook.

“It doesn’t taste bad,” he finally answers.

Jungkook's smile widens, his heart fluttering as he watches Taehyung. He can't look away, mesmerized and lovesick in a way that's making him feel like he's floating.

(He's pretty sure he falls more and more in love with Taehyung everyday.)

"Does this mean I can cook for you sometime?" he asks, reaching over to take Taehyung's hand.

Taehyung laughs, squeezing his hand back softly. Truthfully, even if it tasted awful or made him violently sick, Taehyung would happily eat anything Jungkook prepared for him.

“Of course,” he tells him. “Anytime, beloved.”

Jungkook laces his fingers together with Taehyung's, his smile softening. "Guess I know what our next date is gonna be," he teases, lifting Taehyung's hand up so he can press kisses into his skin.

Nuzzling his nose into Taehyung's hand, he looks up at him, eyes sparkling playfully. And he can't help it when he blurts out, "I love you." Because his heart is just so warm and so full. And he's so in love.

Taehyung’s expression softens even more, so fond and endeared by Jungkook. He can see him doing this in every lifetime — looking at him with those playfully sparkling eyes.

Eyes that hold Taehyung’s entire universe within them.

“I love you, too,” he tells him, standing up so he can lean across the table and kiss his lips. “So, so much.”

Jungkook kisses Taehyung back, sighing against his lips as his eyes flutter shut. "So, so much," he repeats, reaching up to brush his fingers through Taehyung's hair.

Suddenly, he wishes they were at home, so he could pull Taehyung onto his lap and kiss him breathless. Damn past him for wanting to do something romantic.

      “Cute,” Taehyung breathes as he sits back down in his seat. “You wanna take the rest of this to go? Head home?”

Maybe he’s just a little selfish, but he wants nothing more than to go home with Jungkook and spend an entire evening wrapped up in each other.

Jungkook nods almost

eagerly, shoving another bite of food into his mouth before flagging down the waiter to box up their food for them. "Let's go home," he says, turning a playful smile on Taehyung.

"I'd rather be cuddled up with you wearing significantly less clothing."

Taehyung laughs, squeezing Jungkook’s hand, endeared.

When they leave, he pays for their meals and laced their fingers together as they head out into the nighttime air. The ride home is fast, mostly because Taehyung can’t wait to have privacy to kiss Jungkook more.

But he holds his hand the whole drive, their clasped hands resting on the center console.

Jungkook can't help but feel smitten as he watches Taehyung the entire ride back, as if nothing else in the world could possibly exist. And, for him, it probably doesn't.

It shouldn't surprise him, how absolutely head over heels in love with Taehyung he is. Every day, he only falls further, and it certainly isn't helped by the memories he's seen of them together in the past. Hopelessly in love as ever.

When they get back to Taehyung's apartment, Jungkook wastes no time in wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, pulling him in for a kiss. "Fuck, I love you so much," he whispers, nuzzling his nose against Taehyung's.

Taehyung eagerly pulls him closer, kicking the door shut as they shuffle out of their shoes. “I love you, too, beloved,” he whispers against his lips.

When he kisses him again, is tender and sweet, but quickly grows more heated. Taehyung is still nervous about losing control, but he has to face it sometime.

And fuck, he misses Jungkook’s body presses against his, their souls and hearts connected as one.

Jungkook melts into the kiss, his eyelids fluttering and a moan building in his throat. Sliding his fingers through Taehyung's hair, he tugs gently on the strands as he deepens the kiss, giving into the heat settling in the pit of his stomach.

Slowly, Jungkook starts to move them through the apartment, leading them toward the bedroom. At one point, he gives up, pressing Taehyung up against the wall.

"Wanna fuck you tonight," he whispers against Taehyung's lips, his heart racing at the thought.

Taehyung groans, his head falling back against the wall, cock twitching with interest in his pants. “Fuck yeah,” he whispers eloquently, hands already greedily yanking at Jungkook’s shirt to get it off of his body.

He kisses him again, licking into his mouth as he throws Jungkook’s shirt onto the floor, easily distracted by Jungkook’s lips again.

Taehyung’s fingers tangle in his hair, scratch down his back slowly, sucking on Jungkook’s bottom lip and tongue.

Jungkook shudders violently, pressing up against Taehyung as his hands wander as well. Sliding down Taehyung's sides, he tugs at his shirt before sliding his hands underneath.

"You're so hot," he moans into the kiss, breaking it enough to tug Taehyung's shirt off. Sliding his hands up Taehyung's chest, he dips in for another kiss.

Taehyung eagerly returns it, their kissing turning more heated as they pant into each other’s mouths, desperately dragging each other closer, bodies pressing together.

“Says you,” he replies as he tugs at Jungkook’s hair, messing it up. It looks sexy like that.

As he starts tugging at Jungkook’s belt, he moves them toward his bedroom again, walking backwards as he leans in to kiss him again.

Jungkook laughs into the kiss, his heart skipping a beat as his hands explore Taehyung's skin. He stumbles a little bit as they walk blindly toward Taehyung's bedroom, but he can't bring himself to care, too absorbed with the feeling of Taehyung's lips against his.

Their tongues brushing together.

As soon as they're in the bedroom, Jungkook pushes Taehyung down onto the bed. Crawling onto it, he immediately starts tugging at Taehyung's belt too, desperate to take it off; to have Taehyung naked underneath him.

Taehyung lifts his hips to make it easier for Jungkook to remove his pants and belt. His hard, still clothed cock brushes against Jungkook’s and he moans, hands frantic to get Jungkook naked, too.

Jungkook’s skin is warm against his, making him crave more. He wants their bodies pressed together.

“So beautiful,” he whispers as he starts kissing at Jungkook’s neck and ear when he hovers close enough. “My perfect soulmate.”

Jungkook groans, tilting his head to allow Taehyung's lips to wander. Kicking off his own pants, he grinds down against Taehyung's cock, another shudder ripping up his spine.

"That's you," he whispers, his hand sliding down to grip Taehyung's thigh. "So perfect--"

Taehyung groans, his hips chasing after Jungkook’s as he grinds down against him. He lets his teeth graze over his skin, sucking a mark into it, his gums aching with desire as his fangs start to poke through.

He hasn’t fed from Jungkook in so long now, too nervous.

But now, with Jungkook taking the lead, with Namjoon’s reassuring words — he finds that he wants to have that closeness again.

Jungkook shudders again, his breath catching in his throat as he feels the gentlest brush of Taehyung's fangs. Just a hint is enough to make his cock twitch, arousal burning through him as his hips stutter.

"Mm, Tae-- bite me," he whispers, hands sliding up to grip Taehyung's ass and pull him closer. "Please, I need it..."

Taehyung growls before he can stop himself, Jungkook’s whispered words going straight to the pit of arousal churning in his stomach. His breath fans out across Jungkook’s neck before he slowly sinks his fangs into him.

And the taste of his blood is everything.

Moaning as he drinks, his arms wrap around Jungkook to pull him closer, legs wrapping around his waist.

Jungkook gasps, his eyes rolling back in his head as he gives into the euphoric pleasure that comes with Taehyung feeding from him. He's addicted -- loves the way it connects them, the way it makes him feel -- and he wants more.

But this time, he isn't going to lose himself to pleasure so badly that he forgets his limits.

He isn't going to put Taehyung through that again.

Moaning, he slides his hands up to pull at Taehyung's boxer briefs, lifting his hips so he can pull them off. As soon as Taehyung's cock is free, he wraps one hand around it, stroking him slowly -- teasingly -- as his other hand slides up Taehyung's chest.

Taehyung is in bliss, his thighs spreading more to welcome Jungkook between them, hips kicking as Jungkook’s fingers stroke him at a torturously slow pace. And the taste of him on his tongue.

His nails scrape up Jungkook’s back, leaving marks as his eyes flash to red. Blood in a bag has nothing on Jungkook.

"Feels so good," Jungkook moans, his mind fogging over as he presses closer to Taehyung, desperate to have every inch of them touching. His fingers keep teasing Taehyung's cock at a slow pace, thumb circling around the head before pumping him just as teasingly.

His other hand grips Taehyung's chest, fingers pinching and tugging at one of his nipples. 

Taehyung moans, too, his hips bucking up into Jungkook’s fist, wanting more. Jungkooks weight on top of him feels perfect, his arms wrapping tightly around him.

Slowly, he pulls back, licking over the wound to half close it, kissing his way further down his neck.

“You’re so hot,” he whispers against his skin. “Fuck, you’re perfect.”

Jungkook shudders, his breath catching in his throat as he starts pumping Taehyung a little bit faster. "Fuck, Tae," he whispers, pinching Taehyung's nipple a little bit harder, tugging at it playfully. "Wanna fuck you so bad--"

Sliding his hand from Taehyung's cock, he fumbles around for the lube they left under the pillow, trying desperately to open it. His hips grind down against Taehyung's thigh as he coats his fingers, slipping them between Taehyung's legs to tease at his entrance.

Taehyung spreads his legs more, letting one drop from Jungkook’s waist as he grinds back against Jungkook’s fingers. A rush of pleasure courses through him when he prods at his hole.

“Want it, love,” he whispers, pulling him close to kiss along his jaw. “Show me how good you can fuck me.”

Jungkook whines, tilting his head to give Taehyung's lips more room to wander; to kiss, bite. "Gonna fuck you so good, Tae," he whispers, finally pushing his index finger pst Taehyung's rim.

Just the feeling of Taehyung around one finger is enough to make him moan, imagining how it's going to feel around his cock. Fucking his finger into Taehyung, he tilts his head to nibble at Taehyung's ear.

Taehyung clenches around him, sucking his finger in deeper, moaning as he tries to move his hips down against it.

“More, love,” he whispers huskily against his throat, tongue darting out to lick at a drop of sweat sliding down his skin. 

Jungkook slips a second finger inside of Taehyung, fucking both of them in deep. Burying his nose in Taehyung's hair, he curls his fingers, desperately searching out his prostate.

"You like that, Tae?" he asks, rocking up against Taehyung as he fucks him open.

Taehyung moves his hips up to help get Jungkook’s fingers in deeper. He can make himself feel good with his own fingers, but it doesn’t compare to Jungkook’s and how they hit him so deep.

“Fuck, feels good, baby,” he murmurs sucking a fresh mark into his skin, fangs grazing over it. “Harder. Like it hard.”

Jungkook moans, giving Taehyung exactly what he wants as he fucks his fingers into him harder, slamming up into his prostate with every thrust. Every moan and whispered word burns straight through him, heat pooling in his gut as his head spins.

Eventually, he slips a third finger in, scissoring Taehyung open before fucking his fingers in as deep as he can.

Taehyung moans louder, one leg still hooked around Jungkook as he meets his thrusts in each time. And he could come like this, with Jungkook’s fingers buried deep in his ass, but he wants more.

“Want your cock,” Taehyung moans, nipping at his neck playfully. “Fuck me good and hard, beloved.”

He slides one hand down Jungkook’s chest and something to reach his cock, giving it a few teasing pumps, red eyes darkening with want.

Jungkook whines as he rocks his hips up into Taehyung's grasp, his eyelids fluttering and his heart racing. "Fuck, gonna give it to you so good," he whispers, slipping his fingers from inside Taehyung before grabbing the lube.

He fumbles as he slicks up his cock, moaning desperately. Lining the tip up with Taehyung's entrance, he teases him a bit before he finally pushes into him.

The stretch is amazing, Jungkook’s cock filling him up in a way that fingers or toys never could. Like their bodies truly were made for each other.

As he bottoms out, Taehyung breathes out a shaky moan, his nails digging into Jungkook’s shoulders, his legs wrapped around his waist as he pulls him closer.

“Feels good,” he whispers against his skin, lips teasing at his jawline. “Fuck me, love.”

Jungkook groans, bracing his hands on either side of Taehyung as he adjusts to the tight heat around his cock. "Mm, feels so good. So tight," he moans, a sigh leaving his lips as his toes curl into the sheets.

Slowly, he rocks his hips back before fucking up into Taehyung again. He starts slow, making sure Taehyung is used to it, before picking up speed.

Taehyung’s body rises to meet Jungkook’s thrusts, fucking his cock deeper into him. As his nails scratch up his back again, he pulls Jungkook’s head down and kisses him.

It’s messy, both of them panting and moaning as their tongues tangle together and lips meet. But it’s perfect.

Jungkook is perfect.

Jungkook feels himself losing control as he kisses Taehyung back. His desperation is mounting, hips snapping to fuck himself into Taehyung harder and harder.

Moaning into the kiss, he slides his hands down to Taehyung's hips, gripping them tight and using the leverage to push in deeper, angling to hit his prostate over and over again.

The second they part from the kiss, he immediately starts kissing and biting along Taehyung's jaw. "So fucking perfect," he groans, sucking a mark onto Taehyung's neck.

Taehyung throws his head back, giving Jungkook all the access to his neck that he wants, his nails digging into his back as he works his hips down to meet every thrust.

The headboard starts to hit the wall, Taehyung’s body sliding up the bed a bit more with each thrust and he drops one hand down to grip at his sheets, nails extending and tearing through the fabric like it’s nothing.

A growl rips from his throat as he tightens around Jungkook’s cock, wanting to keep him deep inside, wanting to feel his warm cum paint his insides. Just the thought of it has him moaning his name.

Jungkook groans, sucking even harder on Taehyung's neck as he fucks into him harder. Just the thought of Taehyung's neck littered with hickeys makes his stomach tighten, another moan forcing itself from his lips as his head spins.

"Feel so good, Tae," he whispers, teeth grazing Taehyung's skin, his grip on Taehyung's hips tightening enough to bruise. Pistoning his hips, he angles his hips even higher to fuck into Taehyung perfectly.

And when he feels Taehyung's nails on his back, he gasps, biting down hard on his neck.

Taehyung gasps, his back arching as he offers his entire neck up to Jungkook, fingers tangling in his hair to press him closer against his skin. It feels so good, his teeth on his skin sending shivers down his spine.

“So close,” he breathes between moans, letting his other hand move down to grab his cock and start stroking himself in time with his thrusts. “That’s right, baby. Making me feel so good—"

Jungkook bites down on Taehyung's neck even harder, wishing he had fangs so he could drink from Taehyung as well.

just the thought of it turns him on so much, a groan ripping itself from his lips.

Gripping Taehyung's hips even harder, he fucks into him at an almost aggressive pace, loving the way Taehyung's falling apart underneath him. Each of Taehyung's whispered words burn through him, pooling in his gut and bringing him closer to the edge.

Taehyung only lasts a few more thrusts before his jaw is dropping in a silent scream, cum shooting up his and Jungkook’s chests. He clenches tight around Jungkook, his body slowly melting into Jungkook’s hold as he comes down from his orgasm.

“Come for me, beloved,” Taehyung whispers into Jungkook’s ear, tired but wanting to feel Jungkook come inside him. “Show me how good I make you feel.”

Jungkook shudders, a low groan slipping past his lips as he bites down on Taehyung's neck again. Fucking into him harder, he chases after his own orgasm almost desperately, nails digging into Taehyung's hips.

"Feel so good," he whimpers against Taehyung's neck, his mind

from how tight Taehyung is around him. And with how perfect it is -- how good he feels -- it doesn't take him much longer to come.

As his orgasm crashes into him, he groans, biting down on Taehyung again as he fucks himself through it. And as exhaustion sets in, he collapses on top of Taehyung with a quiet sigh. "Fuck..."

Taehyung wraps his arms around Jungkook, holding him close as he basks in the after glow of sex. His fingers brush through Jungkook’s hair slowly, massaging at his scalp.

“Mm, that was good,” he murmurs, sated and happy, his body completely relaxed. He doesn’t even mind that his cum is smeared between their bodies, drying to be slightly sticky. “Made me feel so good, love.”

Taehyung peppers kisses all along Jungkook’s face and hair, letting one hand rub up and down his back in a soothing way.

Jungkook sighs, slipping out of Taehyung as he relaxes in his arms. "Made me feel so good," he mumbles, a smile tugging at his lips as he turns his head to pepper Taehyung's face and hair with kisses too.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung, he hugs him close as his smile widens. "Love you so much, Tae..."

Taehyung’s eyes are permanently fond when he looks at Jungkook, he thinks, gently tucking some hair behind his ear for him. “And I love you,” he murmurs, kissing the tip of his nose. 

He’ll never get tired of loving Jungkook, of having him in his arms.

Taehyung pulls him closer, lips gently kissing along his neck and jaw, sighing softly, contently. “Could stay like this for centuries.”

Jungkook giggles, his eyes fluttering as he nuzzles closer to Taehyung. "I could too," he hums, nuzzling his nose into the side of Taehyung's head. "Don't ever wanna leave your arms."

Just the thought of doing anything other than cuddle with Taehyung makes Jungkook whine. Right now, he just wants to forget the rest of the world and enjoy this peace and quiet with his soulmate.

Nothing sounds better.

Taehyung hums, burying his nose in Jungkook’s blonde locks. “That can be arranged,” he teases, tightening his hold on him.

Taehyung doesn’t want to get up, so he reaches over to his bedside table for some tissues to clean them up as best as he can now. It’s sloppy, and they’ll need to shower, but it’s good enough to spend the next hour holding Jungkook and kissing him.

And maybe having round two before they get into bed for Jungkook to actually sleep.

Jungkook sighs as he rests his head on Taehyung's chest, his eyes fluttering closed and his body relaxing. He thinks he could fall asleep like this, his body sated and warm; his mind floating and happy.

Pressing a kiss to Taehyung's chest, he grins as he looks up at him. "You have fun tonight?" he asks quietly, pressing another kiss into Taehyung's chest.

Taehyung smiles as he leans back against the pillows, his eyes slipping shut. He almost feels… tired. Something he hasn’t felt in hundreds of years.

Must be the relief of knowing Jungkook is safe in his arms, that they have an entire lifetime together this time.

“Mhm,” he answers with a hum. “Best date I’ve ever been on. Did you have fun?”

Jungkook nods, nuzzling his nose into Taehyung's chest with a soft smile. "So much fun," he hums, nipping gently at Taehyung's skin.

His hands slide up Taehyung's sides, fingertips tickling at his skin.

Taehyung can’t help the quiet giggle that escapes his lips, pulling Jungkook closer and rolling them over onto their sides, wrapping his legs around him, too.

“Good,” he murmurs, kissing all over Jungkook’s face. “I wish every day could be like this.”

Jungkook giggles, his heart fluttering as he wraps his arms around Taehyung and pulls him closer. "Why can't it?" he asks teasingly, fingers weaving through Taehyung's hair and tugging teasingly.

Taehyung smiles, fond. “Don’t tempt me, love,” he murmurs as he leans closer to kiss him slowly, letting his tongue tease at Jungkook’s.

When he pulls away, he rests their foreheads together.

“Otherwise we’ll never leave this bed again.”

Jungkook sighs, his smile softening as he curls up against Taehyung's chest. Nuzzling their noses together, his hands slide up and down Taehyung's sides before pulling him in for another kiss.

"I wouldn't complain," he hums, glancing up at Taehyung as his smile stretches into another grin.

Taehyung laughs, slapping Jungkook’s ass playfully. “Somehow, that does not surprise me,” he teases, nipping at his nose before kissing his forehead. “You should sleep, my love. It’s late.”

He holds Jungkook a little tighter, letting his hands press into his warm skin as he sighs happily.

“We can worry about showering tomorrow,” he murmurs, not bothered enough to get up right now. “Mm, maybe even shower together. You know, to save water. I’m

environmentally friendly, you see.”

Jungkook laughs as well, tucking his head underneath Taehyung's chin. Taehyung's so cute; so sweet and wonderful. Always making him laugh and smile. Making all of his days feel fun and alive in a way he didn't know was possible.

environmentally friendly," he teases, kissing Taehyung's neck as his eyes flutter closed. "We'll single-handedly save the environment tomorrow morning."

Taehyung grins, burying it into Jungkook’s hair, letting his own eyes close. With their bodies wrapped around each other so tightly, skin to skin, he feels so warm, so content.

This is the happiest he’s ever been — the happiest he’s been in centuries.

“We will,” Taehyung whispers into his hair, kissing the top of his head. “I love you, Jungkook-ah.”

"I love you too, Tae," Jungkook whispers, kissing Taehyung's neck again with a happy sigh. As his smile softens, his heart flutters in his chest, because he's so happy. So euphoric.

Like this, his life feels perfect.

Friends he adores, a job he loves, a family who supports him.

And Taehyung, who he loves so much. Who he's so lucky to be loved by.

As the night wears on, the two of them swapping sleepy kisses wherever their lips can reach, Taehyung feels his entire body relax.

And maybe it’s the post sex high, or the feeling of being so intimately wrapped up with Jungkook, but Taehyung swears he can feel himself starting to drift off to sleep a little bit.

Jungkook feels himself drifting off too, his eyelids too heavy to stay open; his body sated and his mind a mess of euphoria and exhaustion. Sighing happily, he rests his head on Taehyung's chest as he sinks into sleep.

And he's not sure if it's reality fading into dreams, but he sweats, for a second, that he hears a heart beating inside Taehyung's chest. And the sound is so gentle -- so comforting -- that it carries him into sleep like a lullaby.

When Taehyung opens his eyes, it’s as the last of a dream starts to fade from his mind. A dream of him and Jungkook, under their cherry blossom tree, wearing the hanbok they wore when they were cursed.

A dream where they married under the falling pink blossoms, where they kissed and felt joy unlike any other Taehyung has ever known.

His eyes are wet with tears when he opens them now, finding himself back in his apartment, in his bed, with Jungkook wrapped tightly in his arms. A soft, quiet sob comes out before he can stop it, a few tears slipping down his cheeks.

“Jungkook-ah,” Taehyung whispers, still in disbelief. “Jungkook, wake up, my love.”

Jungkook shifts against Taehyung's chest, a quiet hum rumbling in his throat as he slips out of his dream. His eyelids flutter as he stirs in the bed, legs stretching and toes curling as he muffles a yawn in Taehyung's skin.

It's so warm -- so comfortable -- and he isn't ready to wake up. Especially when his dream was so sweet -- him and Taehyung, of course, sitting underneath their tree. But Taehyung's voice rouses him from his slumber, and as his eyelids flutter open, he can't help the warm, sleepy smile that tugs at his lips.

Because no dream could ever compare to his reality.

However, when he sees the tears on Taehyung's cheeks, his heart lurches in his throat, his eyes widening as he sits up. "Taehyung, what's wrong?" he asks, reaching up to brush the tears from Taehyung's cheeks.

Taehyung lets out a watery laugh, gently holding Jungkook’s hands against his cheeks. He can hardly believe it — he doesn’t know if it’s just a fluke or what.

“I slept last night,” he tells him in a whisper. “Actually

. For the first time in centuries and I — I had a dream. Of us.”

He can’t help it when a few more tears slip from his eyes, trying to hold onto the dream. Trying to hold onto that warmth that he felt marrying Jungkook.

“We were getting married,” Taehyung says. “I was human. And we were vowing to grow old — together.”

Jungkook's eyes widen even more, a small smile tugging at his lips as he brushes the tears from Taehyung's cheeks. Inside his chest, his heart is racing at the implication -- that Taehyung had

in his arms -- but also the contents of Taehyung's dream.

"Oh Taehyung, that sounds like a beautiful dream," he whispers, reaching up to brush Taehyung's hair behind his ears.

It's then that he notices how full of color Taehyung's cheeks are; how warm Taehyung's skin is.

Taehyung can’t stop crying, pulling Jungkook close and holding him tightly. He feels so well rested after centuries of never sleeping, and the dream leaves a warmth in his heart and soul that he can’t remember ever having before.

“It was perfect,” he whispers into Jungkook’s neck, words muffled against his skin. “It was everything I ever wanted.”

Jungkook feels himself tearing up as well, a wet laugh leaving his lips as he wraps his arms around Taehyung's waist, pulling him in closer. And Taehyung's skin feels so warm underneath his fingertips.

"We can have that," he whispers, nuzzling his nose into Taehyung's hair and kissing the top of his head. "We can have that..."

Taehyung hugs Jungkook even tighter, feeling so light and happy in this moment. And he’s with the only person he wants to share this joy with.

“I love you,” he says as he pulls back to look at him. “I want to grow old with you. I want to be by your side until we’re both old and grey.”

Taehyung wants that more than anything.

"I want that too," Jungkook whispers, sliding his hands up to cup Taehyung's cheeks. His thumbs brush at the lingering tears on his cheeks, his smile softening as he tears blur his vision.

"Let's do that then. Let's go old and grey together."

Slowly, he slides one hand down to Taehyung's neck, and when he gently presses his thumb into Taehyung's pulse point, he feels a heartbeat. Letting out a choked laugh, he feels his head spin as tears slip down his cheeks. "My beautiful human soulmate..."

Taehyung feels it then — the way his heart speeds up.

The way his heart is

“Jungkook—“ is all he can manage in a choked voice, hand flying up to his chest, where he can feel it now. A pulse, a heartbeat.

With wide eyes, he looks at Jungkook before he gets up and runs to his windows, throwing the black out drapes to the side, allowing the room to fill with natural sunlight.

And as Taehyung stands in the sunlight, he feels warmth on his skin.

For the first time in centuries, he’s warm — not burning.

Jungkook follows Taehyung, his own heart feeling like it's going to explode as he takes in the sunlight streaming in through the windows.

As he looks at Taehyung's beautiful, honey skin under the natural light.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's waist, he presses kisses against Taehyung's shoulder as his smile keeps widening. His cheeks hurt, but he doesn't care, not when he can feel the warmth of Taehyung's skin underneath his hands and lips.

Not when he can feel Taehyung's heartbeat.

“I’m—“ Taehyung cuts himself off, letting his eyes slide shut as he takes in the feeling of sunlight on his skin. “I’m human.”

He never believed this day would come, never thought he would bask in the glory of feeling alive again. But now, as he looks at Jungkook, the two of them bathing naked in the sunlight, he feels his heart pounding in his chest.

“Marry me,” he says, voice tender, as he stares into Jungkook’s eyes. “Let’s get married and grow old together. Both as humans.”

Jungkook's eyes widen, his heart slingshotting up into his throat as he looks at Taehyung. His breath catches as he cups Taehyung's cheeks, shock fading into happiness as he nods enthusiastically.

"Yes. I wanna marry you, Taehyung," he whispers, but before he can pull Taehyung in for a kiss, his eyes widen again and he scrambles out of Taehyung's hold as he starts digging around in the clothes they'd left strewn around the apartment.

Finally, he returns, holding a small box, which he opens to reveal a set of rings inside. "I... I've been saving these," he says, looking up at Taehyung with a soft smile as tears burn behind his eyes.

Taehyung’s expression softens even more as he looks at the rings that Jungkook bought for them, that he picked. They’re beautiful, every bit perfect for them.

His heart swells in his chest, so overcome with emotions that all he can manage is a choked laugh that sounds almost like a sob. He reaches for Jungkook again, cupping his neck to pull him in and kiss him.

A kiss that feels so different than any before.

A kiss that reminds him of the past, but also of something that they always dreamed of in every lifetime before this.

Jungkook wraps his arms around Taehyung's neck, kissing him back with every ounce of love he has in him. Slowly, tears begin to slip down his cheeks as an overwhelming wave of emotions passes through him.

He doesn't think he's ever been so happy before. Especially now that he knows he and Taehyung have a future together. One where they're going to grow old together. One where, after his time in this world is over, Taehyung won't be left alone.

They'll go into their next lives together.

And they'll live this life to its fullest.

Their kissing turns more heated as they go, breaths mingling together. And it’s not long before Taehyung is pulling Jungkook toward his bathroom with them, the two of them showering and making love under the warm stream of water.

And when they finish and they’re dressed, Jungkook slips the ring on Taehyung’s finger and he does the same for Jungkook.

It’s never felt so perfect.

“I love you,” Taehyung says as he kisses him again, fingers locking with his as he looks down at their rings. “You’re all I’ve ever wanted, and all I’ll ever want in every lifetime we have together after this.”

Jungkook sighs happily, his smile soft as he looks at their rings, sparkling so beautifully in the sunlight still streaming through Taehyung's bedroom windows. "I love you too," he whispers, looking back over at Taehyung before pulling him in for another kiss.

"You're all I ever want too, Taehyung. I've never been so happy or so at home than when I'm with you." Pulling Taehyung in for a deeper kiss, he relaxes as his heart flutters wildly. And when he pulls back, he grins.

"I knew you'd break your curse."

Taehyung is relieved that Jungkook had so much trust in him, because he truly didn’t believe it was possible. And now, he finds himself nothing but grateful that Jungkook in this life refused to let Taehyung get away.

Just as Taehyung goes to kiss him again, his stomach growls loudly, startling him.

And he realizes that he’s

Starving as if he’s never eaten in his life.

(It’s honestly been a few hundred years since he had a

meal last, so that’s probably why.)

Jungkook can't help but laugh as he looks down at Taehyung's stomach. "Cute," he says, looking back up at Taehyung with a grin. "You wanna eat? I'll cook you something delicious."

Taking Taehyung's hand, he drags him into the kitchen, a skip in his step. And as he grabs a few things from the fridge that Taehyung had bought for him, he can't believe how surreal this is. Like a dream he'll wake up from at any moment.

Taehyung's human again...

Taehyung curiously follows Jungkook around the kitchen looking a bit like a lost puppy. He wraps his arms around him from behind and hooks his chin over his shoulder, following him around as he starts cooking.

“It smells good,” he says, sniffing the air. “I haven’t craved human food in so long…”

His mouth is watering, so it’s not really his fault when Jungkook goes to throw some vegetables into the pan that Taehyung leans forward and steals one with his mouth.

Jungkook laughs, feeding Taehyung another vegetable. "Well, I'm gonna cook you all the best meals in the world. And take you to all of my favorite restaurants," he says, tossing the vegetables in the pan as he looks over at Taehyung.

"We're gonna do all the human things you haven't done in hundreds of years... Like go on dates during the day."

It sounds like Taehyung is still dreaming, to be honest.

He grins as he chews on the small pieces he’s fed lovingly while Jungkook cooks for him. This moment is so domestic that it makes his heart squeeze in his chest.

“That sounds perfect,” he tells him sincerely. “I want to do all of that with you. I want to see all your favorite things during the day.”

Jungkook's smile softens as he turns to give Taehyung a kiss. "And I wanna show you everything the world has to offer," he says, leaning back in Taehyung's embrace 

"So, um... now that we're engaged, what do you want our wedding to look like?"

Taehyung smiles, running his fingers over Jungkook’s stomach, under his shirt. Reveling in the warmth of their skin touching.

“Hm,” he says, thinking for a moment. “I want our tree to somehow be part of it. I don’t have a lot of people to invite, but I want you to invite as many as you want.”

Jungkook laughs, a gentle shiver running up his spine from Taehyung's playful touches. "I only want the people who love us both to be there," he says as he tosses the dish again, stirring it around. "My hyungs, your friends, and my parents."

He used to dream about having a big wedding. But now that he's found someone he wants to marry, he wants something small and intimate. Where the two of them can celebrate their love with the people who matter to them.

“That sounds perfect,” Taehyung agrees with a smile, pressing a tender kiss to Jungkook’s neck. “Mm, now that I’m human, I don’t have fangs… I hope you won’t get bored with how vanilla our sex turns.”

He’s joking, but he does worry. He knows how much Jungkook loved when he bit him and fed from him.

That form of intimacy is maybe the only thing Taehyung will miss.

Jungkook grins cheekily as he tilts his head to expose his neck to Taehyung's lips. "Sex with you will never be boring, Taehyungie. And you can still bite me, you know," he hums, his eyelids fluttering closed.

"I might have to start indulging my new kink by going to blood drives..."

Taehyung snorts, playfully biting at his neck with a laugh. “Don’t worry, I’m sure there are loads of things we can do to keep it spicy,” he says, kisses trailing up to his ear.

When breakfast is finished, Taehyung digs in happily. It’s been so long since he’s enjoyed food that every bite has him moaning.

“This is so good,” he says around another big bite. “So much better than blood.”

Jungkook can't help the way his grin widens, nor the way his heart flutters. Laughing a bit, he take a bite of his own breakfast as he teases Taehyung's foot with his own. "You're just saying that because you haven't eaten in, like, a thousand years," he teases, though his smile only continues growing.

"Glad my food's more delicious than blood though."

Taehyung smiles as he finishes the rest of his food too quickly, leaning back in his chair with a slight stomachache. His organs aren’t used to having to work anymore.

“Way more delicious,” he says with a happy sigh as he rubs his belly. “But you still taste the best of all.”

Jungkook giggles as he takes his and Taehyung's plates, dropping them into the kitchen sink. When he looks back over at Taehyung and sees him rubbing his belly, still glowing in the sunlight still streaming through the apartment, he feels his breath catch in his throat again.

Because Taehyung has never looked more beautiful than he does right now. 

Walking back over to the table, he laughs as he leans in to pepper Taehyung's face with kisses. "So, what do you want to do today now that you're human?" he hums, brushing Taehyung's hair away from his face, just so he can admire his honey skin and how warm it feels under his lips. 

Taehyung knows that there are lots of things he wants to do, that he should do now that he’s able to. But right now, with Jungkook kissing him and smiling so happily that his eyes sparkle, and the rings matching on their fingers — all he wants is to stay like this.

So he wraps his arms around Jungkook and pulls him down into his lap, nudging their noses together gently.

“Just wanna stay here with you, enjoying the sunlight with my favorite person,” he murmurs as his lips finally press against his.

Jungkook settles on Taehyung's lap with a happy sigh, his heart settling so warmly in his chest. Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he kisses him back slowly and passionately, every brush of lips sending a thrill up his spine.

The reality of their situation seems to hit him in waves, realization ebbing and flowing as his mind rushes to catch up with the tide. Truly, he can't believe how lucky they are. How perfect everything is. He's not sure if he'll ever really get over this feeling; this euphoric rush that has his heart racing until it's about to burst.

But, all the same, he doesn't think he'll ever stop loving Taehyung more and more every day.

And he'll never complain about that. Not when he's so happy.

Happier than he ever thought possible.

Especially now that he knows they have a new idea of forever. One where they can get married. Grow old together.

Build a life together.

And, at the end of the day, that's all Jungkook wants from this life: to be with Taehyung. The love of his life.

“Are you nervous?” Hoseok asks as Jimin helps fix up Taehyung’s hanbok, making sure everything is perfect. “Got cold feet?”

Taehyung settles him with a look before laughing. “Not a chance. This is all I’ve wanted for centuries.”

He straightens his shoulders as he looks out the window of the building he’s currently in, finishing getting ready before he meets up with Jungkook and the two of them get married under their tree at Seokchon lake. It’s a crisp Spring day, with the cherry blossoms in full bloom and the sun out to warm their skin.

“Yoongi just texted and said they’re heading there now,” Jimin says as he slides his phone back into his pocket. “You ready?”

“I’ve never been more ready,” Taehyung answers sincerely as the three of them start walking toward the tree. 

Despite how busy it is on the walk there, they managed to get part of the lake roped off for the wedding, thankfully directing the foot traffic elsewhere so they can have a peaceful ceremony.While the guest list is small, they pulled out all the stops decorating their little section of the park for the wedding. And while it pales in comparison to more lavish weddings, it's exactly what they wanted.

Beautiful and intimate. A quiet ceremony with the people they love, in a place special to them in every lifetime.

There are no chairs -- the guests choosing to stand -- only flowers lining the pathway to the cherry blossom tree. Standing proudly, its blossoms in full bloom, the names carved into its trunk from centuries ago practically shine in the light reflecting off the lake.

When Jungkook arrives at the park, Seokjin, Namjoon, and Yoongi in tow, he feels his heart lurch in his chest, his smile threatening to split his face in half. Reaching over and grabbing Namjoon's hand, he squeezes it tightly as he swallows around the lump in his throat.

"Ready?" Yoongi asks, taking Jungkook's other hand and squeezing it just as tight.

Jungkook nods, biting down on his lower lip excitedly. "I can't wait," he says. Truthfully, waiting months to marry Taehyung after their engagement has been nothing short of torture, but as they walk toward their cherry blossom tree, he thinks it was more than worth it.

Especially when he sees the sea of pink petals, a beautiful reminder of the memories he's seen and carried with him; of beautiful spring days spent curled underneath the safety of the trees branches, swapping kisses without a care in the world.

But mostly, it reminds him of the day he met Taehyung in this lifetime, a year ago to the day.

Taehyung is waiting by the tree, having arrived just minutes prior to Jungkook. He stands with his hands clasped behind his back, hazel eyes sparkling with unshed tears when he sees Jungkook step onto the path of pink petals on the ground.

Jimin and Hoseok join the others in standing by, all looking proud and happy as Jungkook makes his way to Taehyung.

This is a day that Taehyung has waited centuries for — and seeing Jungkook look so handsome in his own hanbok, with his blond locks pulled back into a bun, pinned up with a jade hairpin — it was every bit worth the wait.

Every heartbreak and ache, every hit that his soul was forced to endure was worth it for this moment.

As soon as Jungkook's eyes lock with Taehyung's, his smile widens until his nose scrunches and his cheeks hurt. And it takes almost every ounce of energy not to sprint toward Taehyung, jumping into his arms and showering his face with kisses like he's wanted to since they parted the night before.

As he walks toward Taehyung, his heart and soul thunder in his chest, breath catching in his throat and tears burning behind his eyes. Because he's so happy.

So euphorically happy.

This moment feels monumentous, and not just because he's marrying the love of his life. In so many ways, this feels like the culmination of their struggles. The moment he's been waiting centuries for, through every lifetime.

He's lived so many lives just to be here with Taehyung, no curses keeping them from forever.

This day is a gift -- not just to himself -- but to the young man from Goryeo who was willing to give up everything just to be with his soulmate.

When Jungkook comes to a stop in front of their tree, he reaches out to take Taehyung's hands, squeezing them tightly in his own. "Hey," he whispers, unable to tear his eyes away from Taehyung's, as if they're the only two people in the world.

Taehyung smiles, impossibly endeared, as he squeezes Jungkook’s hands back. In his chest, his heart beats in sync with Jungkook’s, his eyes sparkling with happiness and tears and pure joy.

“Hey,” he replies in a whisper, unable to keep his smile from overtaking his features.

It’s not a typical wedding, but it’s beautiful, the two of them under their tree to exchange vows. As a slight breeze blows, cherry blossom petals rain down around them, making this moment feel even more magical.

“Jungkook,” Taehyung starts, feeling his throat clench as a swell of emotions threatens to take over. “I have loved you in every lifetime we’ve been through together. My heart and soul belong to you, and only you, as they always have. To be marrying you today, to have you as my soulmate, is the greatest joy of all. My life was so dark until you came to me and shed some light, and I will always be grateful that you refused to give up on me.”

He squeezes Jungkook’s hands again, grounding himself.

“I love you so much, and I will continue to let my love for you grow,” Taehyung says gently, a tear slipping down his cheek. “You fill every crack and hole in my heart and soul with love. It’s a dream come true to stand here with you now, to vow myself to you in this lifetime and every lifetime after. I love you, Jungkook-ah.”

Jungkook bites down on his lip as his smile threatens to split his face in half. His cheeks burn from how happy he is, his nose scrunched and his eyes practically crescent moons. And, in his chest, his heart is beating in time with Taehyung's, fluttering every so often as he listens to the beautiful words spoken only for him.

(Beautiful words that have been building for too many lifetimes to count.)

Slowly, he reaches up to brush at the tear on Taehyung's cheek, caressing Taehyung as if he's the most precious thing in the world. (And to him, he is.) And slowly, he grabs Taehyung's hands again, squeezing them tightly as he takes a few deep breaths to steady himself.

"Taehyung," he starts, his voice already cracking from overwhelming emotion. "I have loved you in every lifetime I've known you, and in every lifetime I haven't. And, every time we've met, I've only loved you more. Sometimes I think my heart is full to bursting, because when I look at you, I swear my very soul itself aches with a love that has spanned centuries and lifetimes."

Taking another deep breath, he laces his fingers together with Taehyung's. "I'm so lucky to have met you. So lucky to love and be loved by you. My soulmate. My Taehyung. And to be here with you, under our tree, finally making our dreams come true... I know this is what happy endings are made of."

Slowly, Jungkook steps closer to Taehyung, needing to be near him as the lump in his throat grows. "But what makes me even happier is that our love is enduring. And that our souls will continue to find each other in every lifetime after this one." He laughs quietly, the tears blurring his vision finally slipping down his cheeks. "I'm going to love you forever, Kim Taehyung. But I'm so happy that I get to love you right here, right now."

Taehyung’s eyes are spilling over with tears as he gently cups Jungkook’s cheeks in his hands. “Forever,” he agrees in a breathless whisper.

He pulls Jungkook in and kisses him tenderly as a breeze makes pink blossoms rain around them. It’s the most perfect moment in all of Taehyung’s long life — Jungkook’s warm lips against his under their tree in the sunlight with cherry blossoms falling at their feet.

And when he pulls away, he rests his forehead against Jungkook’s and smiles.

“I’ll love you as long as our souls exist, beloved.”

Jungkook can't help the laughter that bubbles up his lips, nor the way that tears stream down his cheeks as his heart aches in his chest. Because he's so happy.

Wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck, he nuzzles their noses together as cherry blossom petals rain down around them.

"I'll love you for just as long," he whispers before pulling Taehyung in for another kiss. Around them, their friends and family clap and cheer, but to Jungkook, no one else except for Taehyung exists in this moment.

Life is gloriously, wonderfully ordinary.

Taehyung and Jungkook find their own home — a house just outside of Seoul, with Jungkook’s old apartment still in his name turned into a complete studio for his and Namjoon’s work.

They spend their days enjoying the sunlight in their garden together, dancing under the stars at night, and cooking together. It’s blissfully domestic to get to fall even more in love with Jungkook, the way he looks when he brushes his teeth in the morning with sleepy eyes or how he snores lightly in his arms when he holds him at night.

Taehyung feels so full his heart could burst at any moment, so in love with Jungkook. And it only grows day by day.

And as the years go by, and Jungkook’s career takes off, Taehyung supports him every step of the way, proud of the man that he’s become, of how the world adores him, too.

And Jungkook couldn't be happier.

Because his life feels perfect -- or as close to perfect as humanly possible.

He has a job he loves, where he gets to write and draw horror comics that are enjoyed around the world.

He has friends he adores, who support him and who he supports in return.

He has a comfortable home, a place he returns to at the end of the day where he feels nothing but peace and warmth.

And he has Taehyung, who he loves more and more each day.

As they grow older together, that love only continues to grow. And even when they think it isn't possible to be happier than they currently are, they still find a way.

Eventually, Jungkook retires from making webtoons, going out with bang when he publishes one of his best works yet. And while he's sad to leave his wonderful career behind, he's happy to start the next chapter of his and Taehyung's life together. The two of them travel the world together, seeing all of the beautiful and wonderful sights they can, living out the rest of the days with excitement, love, and laughter.

And when they get too old for traveling and adventure, they sit happily in their garden, fingers intertwined as their grey hair sparkles in the sunlight.

Even when they’re old and grey, bodies breaking down slowly, they wake up with sweet kisses and say good nights with “I love you.”

For once, the universe is kind to them.

Because they spend their last day together happily, enjoying each other’s company, holding hands, and saying quiet good nights and I love you’s.

And when they do pass away, it’s at exactly the same time — their souls leaving together, pressing one last kiss goodbye to this lifetime of pain and sorrow, before parting briefly.

Because they know that they’ll see each other in the next one, too.

It's a beautiful spring day and the cherry blossoms are in full bloom. Waves of pink and green wash over Seokchon Lake, where a sea of people have gathered to enjoy the perfect day and the fleeting beauty of the cherry blossom trees.

Jungkook is, of course, no exception.

Though school just let out and he's exhausted, he's not one to pass up the opportunity to enjoy something beautiful (especially when he just got a new camera for his birthday). 

Still dressed in his school uniform, having come directly from school, he and his friends are strolling around the lake, laughing as they discuss the day. Jungkook's a little distracted, stopping every so often to snap a picture of a cherry blossom tree that catches his eye.

One that looks older than the rest, with two sets of initials carved into its trunk.

It’s while Jungkook is distracted that another boy bumps into him, also distracted looking up at the cherry blossom trees overhead.

Taehyung’s cheeks flush and he immediately bows and apologizes, his hazel eyes meeting a pair of darker ones, making him freeze as warmth floods his entire body.

“Tae, hurry up!” one of his friends, Jimin, calls from up ahead, waving. “We’re gonna be late for academy!”

But academy is the furthest thing from Taehyung’s mind as he stares at the boy in front of him who somehow looks so familiar, so warm.

As soon as Jungkook's eyes lock with the boy in front of him, he feels his breath catch in his throat, his grip on his camera tightening. But before he can open his mouth to say anything, he hears it, crystal clear and loud in his ears: the ringing of bells, like a wind chime dancing in the breeze.

he thinks, his cheeks immediately flushing as his heart flutters in his chest.

He can already hear his friends teasing him for believing in soulmates, but he doesn't care. Not when he's staring at the most beautiful boy in the world.

"Hi," he says (squeaks, really), hugging his camera tight to his chest.

“Hi,” Taehyung whispers, amazed as a boxy grin slowly spreads across his face, turning his eyes into crescent moons.

Everything around him fades out, until only this boy — this beautiful, perfect boy, his soulmate — is in his vision, surrounded by cherry blossoms as wind shakes the trees and makes them rain down around them.

The tree in front of them has an engraving. KTH + JJK.

And Taehyung watches as a pink flower petal lands in the boy’s hair, making his smile soften even more.

“You have a—” he says shyly before slowly reaching up to pick it from his hair, holding it up for him. “Flower in your hair.”

Jungkook's blush deepens, his smile widening as his heart races even faster. He's convinced it'll beat out of his chest at any second, fluttering hard enough to take wing, but he can't really blame it, can he? Not when he feels like he's floating in the clouds.

All because of a simple touch.

"Thanks," he says just as shyly as he reaches up to brush his hair behind his ears. "I'm Jungkook..."

Taehyung’s cheeks flush a pretty pink to match Jungkook’s, flustered by how cute he is. Still holding the flower petal, he pulls his hand back close to his chest.

“I’m Taehyung,” he answers, eyes sparkling with something that looks like fondness.

Exactly like the feeling that’s settled deeply within his soul — the soul that knows Jungkook’s, that sees him.

That greets him with warmth and love from all of their past lives.

And the same warmth has settles in Jungkook's soul, his heart reaching out to Taehyung as if they've known each other their whole lives.

(Which they absolutely have. Every life prior to this one was theirs. And Jungkook's soul knows.)

"Do you... like coffee, Taehyung?" he asks, letting his camera hang from his neck as he brushes his hair behind his ears, which are burning bright.

Jungkook is so cute that Taehyung waves his friends to go on without him, shifting his backpack onto his other shoulder.

“Yeah,” he replies with a big grin. “I know a great cafe that’s near here, if you want to go?”

Taehyung bites his lip hopefully, pointing his thumb in the direction of the cafe, shuffling back a step in hopes that this is the start of something.

Of another lifetime spent together.

Jungkook nods excitedly, taking a step toward Taehyung as his grin widens and his blush deepens. His friends look on in a mixture of confusion and amusement, before quietly taking off. 

Jungkook doesn't even notice, his attention fully on Taehyung as if they're the only two people in the world. 

"I'd love to," he says, before boldly holding out a hand for Taehyung to take. 

Because his heart and soul want the same thing. Another lifetime together. 

Taehyung doesn’t even hesitate, his hand reaching out to hold Jungkook’s, marveling at how perfectly them seem to fit together. He goes the extra mile and laces their fingers together, shyly look at Jungkook from under his dark, curly locks before leading them away, toward the cafe.

The cherry blossom tree with the engraving sits at the lake, its flowers swirling in a light breeze that blows through both boys hair, almost like an echo of the past.

A promise that this life will be one of happiness for them both.

And a beautiful love in full bloom.

