“Now feast your eyes upon the glory of my spellwork!”Holding the teapot in one hand, Constance elegantly raised her other hand in front of her, conjuring up a magic circle to focus her powers into the correct spell. A combination of well-chosen words left her lips in a whisper, and from the tips of her fingers, a barely discernible ray of light shot out and hit the surface of the tea as she poured it into one of the delicate porcelain cups. Before their eyes, the color of the tea changed from a dull brown into all the colors of the rainbow, gently rippling through the liquid in sync with the movement of her fingers.The Imperial princess and head of the academy’s Black Eagles house hummed appreciatively; not quite the reaction Constance might have sought after, but the gasps of awe from the other students around the table at least lifted her spirits somewhat.“Incredible! How did you do that?”“The colors change even as the tea is being poured!”“It’s… It’s spellbinding!”Constance laughed. “Well of course it is spellbinding, I did it with a spell! One of my own, in fact. I daresay I exceeded even my own expectations!”“Whatever do you mean, Constance?” Edelgard asked calmly, though Constance could discern a hint of amusement in her voice. “Did you not expect your spell to work?”Constance blinked, lowering the teapot even as her right hand continued to manipulate the surface of the tea in the cup from a distance. “Er—that is, um…” She cleared her throat. “Of course I did. I was merely being humble.”She watched Edelgard and her retainer, Hubert, exchange a look and felt her cheeks warm. The man standing by the princess’ side always kept such a dark and brooding expression, and even though Constance had tried to make herself ignore it, she couldn’t help but feel a tad undignified by his apparent lack of trust in her skills. Did Edelgard think the same as her retainer clearly did?She wanted to defend herself, but she knew it would be ill-befitting in the present company.“Well,” Edelgard sighed, “it is true that I have never seen anything quite like this before.”Constance perked up. “Hm-hm!”Perhaps she had been hasty in her judgment; the Imperial princess had never been anything but fair to her, after all.“However,” Edelgard continued. “I do not mean to be disrespectful, Constance, but I fail to see the use of this particular spell.”“Ahaha! I suppose it may be difficult for you to properly understand its potential—” She caught a dark look from the princess’ retainer, quickly adjusting what she had been about to say. “—at this point in time. However, I assure you, a Nuvelle spell is never without use!”Edelgard smiled, inclining her head in what Constance could only interpret as assent. Her delicate hand reached for the cup, then hesitated.“Is it drinkable?”Constance couldn’t help scoffing. “Of course it is drinkable!”“It is merely a play of light, Lady Edelgard,” Hubert said matter-of-factly in his usual noble lilt. “An illusion, one might say. It does not affect the taste or composition of the tea itself.”Oh, how she wished she could have proved him wrong. She sent a silent prayer to the goddess, then lowered her right hand and interrupted the spell, hoping that the tea would retain its new coloring. As soon as her hand fell to her side, however, the rainbow dissipated, returning the liquid to its ordinary hue.The students that had gathered around the table whispered to each other, then left when they realized there was nothing more to see.“Ah,” Edelgard said. “I see. Well, you still went to all this trouble to prepare tea for me. Let’s have a taste, shall we?”Constance smiled and bowed, then seated herself opposite the princess and smoothed out any wrinkles in her skirt.“I am certain it shall be to your liking! I chose one of your favorite brews.”Edelgard raised the cup to her lips and drank as Constance did the same with her own cup. The princess swallowed with a smile, nodding in appreciation.“The Hresvelg blend, hm?” she asked, her voice taking on a happy cadence. “You really are attentive.”“But of course! I strive for perfection and elegance in all things. The mere thought of inviting you for tea without careful preparation is abhorrent, and would be a disgrace not only to me and my family name, but to the concept of tea time itself!”“Let’s not blow this out of proportions.” Edelgard set the cup down and tilted her head to the side, as if studying her. “Now, did you invite me here for any particular reason?”Constance took a too large sip of tea, yelping when she burned the roof of her mouth.“Ah! That. Well, it has to do with what we spoke about last moon, if you recall.”“About seeking my assistance in restoring your noble house to what it once was? Yes, I recall. I also seem to recall telling you that my current circumstances impede me from accomplishing any such feats. I am merely the Imperial princess; I do not currently have such power.”“I’m aware, I’m aware,” Constance hurried to say. “But surely you see the advantage of having such an extraordinary spellcaster by your side from as early on as possible?”Hubert cleared his throat, causing Edelgard to hide a smile behind her hand and Constance to blush.“I—I didn’t mean to imply—”“It’s quite alright, Constance. There is no doubt that you are a remarkably skilled mage; even Hubert can see that.”Constance glanced at the retainer, who smiled grimly. She sincerely doubted that was true. Just a week ago, that very retainer had confronted her late at night outside the library, demanding that she stopped wasting Lady Edelgard’s time with worthless spell demonstrations. Constance, flabbergasted and annoyed to no end, had argued fiercely. Her magic was far from worthless, in fact it was infinitely useful, and if  the Lady wanted to be rid of her, she could very well say so herself!Since she had then stridden away and slipped into Abyss before he could utter another word, she did not know whether he had found her arguments sound or not. Not that it mattered. She could not care less for the opinions of a petulant servant.“However,” Edelgard continued, “I cannot imagine rainbow tea to be of much more use than as a mildly entertaining party trick.”“Oh,” Constance exclaimed, following it up with a gleeful laugh. “That was merely a sample of my repertoire, you know! I am constantly seeking to develop and learn new magic; just imagine how far ahead of your adversaries you will leap with each new discovery I make!”Edelgard took another sip of the tea, humming thoughtfully. “That may be so. I shall keep your request in mind, but as things stand, there is not much I can do at present.”Constance laughed contently. “That is all I can ask!”Filled with new determination to prove her usefulness, Constance made her way to the monastery’s library in search of new magic books to peruse, making sure to return last month’s treasures before heading for her favorite shelves. The library rarely received new works, but she had not yet made her way through the entirety of the magic collection. She tried not to think of the day she would run out of texts to study; she would cross that bridge when she came to it. Fortunately, there were so many books left that she had a difficult time choosing which ones to read next.She murmured the titles to herself, running her index finger along the spines of the books. Now, what subject to study first… The last book she read had covered the basics of faith, hence the recent experiment with light magic. She had focused on black magic for most of her life, so faith had brought with it a fresh breeze of new perspectives. While she was eager to continue down that path, she nonetheless longed to go back to familiar territory. Black magic was where she excelled the most, after all; it was where she had the most potential for breakthroughs. Perhaps to dabble in some wind magic?Or perhaps, she thought as her finger came to a stop on a book named  The Compendium of Light and Dark, perhaps she ought to go back to the basics and make sure that she had covered it all, and hadn’t forgotten anything vital.She pulled the book out of its place and carefully flipped it open. A man’s laugh rang out nearby; she glanced to her left to see two students from the Blue Lion house—Sylvain Gautier and Annette Dominic—sitting by a table some ways off. Annette was a sweet girl, competent in magic as well as in singing, but Sylvain’s reputation as a hopeless and relentless flirt had made Constance steer clear of him. Even now, he was most likely trying to sweet talk the poor girl.As if he’d heard her thoughts, he turned his head and met Constance’s gaze. Still smiling, he sent a wink in her direction. She gasped quietly, turning back to her book with indignation. That was no way to behave as a noble! He should be ashamed to abuse his gracious title so.She could feel his gaze burn into her side for another moment before he finally returned his attention to Annette. Constance relaxed her shoulders, trying to distract herself from her anger by perusing the contents of the book.It was separated into three parts: one introduction to magic in general, followed by one part that covered faith magic, and lastly, a third part on reason magic. The third part apparently included a chapter on dark magic, which was interesting. She had never studied dark magic, since texts on the subject were few and far between, and it was generally frowned upon to delve into it. As she let her gaze slide across the chapter names for the fifth part of the book, she quickly realized that it was noticeably more sparse than the others. She browsed to the first page of the chapter on dark magic.In reason, dark magic is without question the more insidious of the two types of magic, as implied by its common name. Only a rare few know how to wield dark magic, and the most prominent examples of such spellcasters have come from cultures with little or no faith in the Goddess Sothis. As such, dark magic represents a magic wielded first and foremost by heathens. Those on the record for learning the dark arts have been noted to go through mysterious changes in both personality and appearance, losing sight of their own soul and being driven to evil as a result of the unknown forces at work in dark magic. While there has been the occasional exception to the rule, these exceptions have never been fully explored, due to their rarity. Readers are cautioned to avoid dark magic except under exceptional circumstances and with supervision from an experienced caster or other expert in the arts.She swallowed, browsing back to the table of contents again. Yes, she had heard of the risks with dark magic. She knew that some of the students at Garreg Mach could wield it—her good friend Hapi was one of them—but as far as she knew, those were cases where the dark magic had manifested itself naturally. It wasn’t outright forbidden to cast dark spells, but the subject was only taught—and sparingly—to those who had already reached a certain degree of skill. None of the professors knew any dark spells, as far as she knew.Well, there was no need to dabble in the dark arts, and she suspected the book didn’t teach much on the subject either. That was alright, though; she still had a long way to go in the other fields of magic. This book seemed interesting, and while she had heard of the title before, she had never read it. It was worth a gander.She closed the book, then took a couple of others that seemed interesting as well. She eyed the table where Sylvain and Annette sat. Sylvain was still going strong with his flirts. With a sigh, Constance made her way past them to a free table closer to the furthermost bookcases. Lorenz stood by them, speaking to one of his classmates in the Golden Deer house; when Constance approached, he smiled and inclined his head to her.“Miss Nuvelle,” he said.Holding her pile of books under one arm, she brought the other to her chest and bowed fully. “Lord Gloucester! A pleasure to see you today.”“Oh, I assure you, it is my pleasure,” he said, his smile growing more assured. His gaze slid down to the books she now dropped onto the table. “The Compendium of Light and Dark,  hm? A classic.”“Yes, this was quite the find. I imagine it is highly sought after, since this is the first time I have seen it in the monastery library. Have you read it?”“Ah, no, not yet I’m afraid.” He made an elegant hand wave. “Lysithea likes to quote it verbatim, however. Is it not a required read at the Royal School of Sorcery, then?”“It is not, unfortunately; although I have heard about its merits from several of my peers since. I do not think I shall be disappointed!”“Well then, I shall leave you to it,” he said with another small bow. “I wish you a pleasant afternoon, Constance.”“You as well, Lorenz.”She smiled and inclined her head as he turned around to face his classmate again. Not wanting to eavesdrop, she turned to the table and sat down, opening up  The Compendium of Light and Dark. Lorenz Gloucester might only be an Alliance noble, but he certainly knew how to carry himself. She had not yet had the opportunity to speak with him at length since they were in different houses and therefore classes, but from what she had gathered, he had the right ideas about the duties of the nobility. She couldn’t quite shake the feeling that those ideas somewhat affected the way he interacted with her, however. While she’d once been a noblewoman, Lorenz might see her as nothing more than a mere commoner now.She shook her shoulders in an attempt to rid herself of the cold anxiety creeping up her spine. No matter. She would return to nobility in no time, and when she did, he would know to respect her as a peer.She turned the page to the first part of  The Compendium —the introduction—and began to read. The murmur around her faded the more engrossed she became in its contents. She read quickly, recognizing most of it from her previous studies, but slowed down as she came to an interesting passage a couple of pages in.In the olden days, staves used to be the only way for humans to channel magic. This can likely be attributed to the fact that magic was once a highly revered and therefore largely unexplored field. When one Fódlanese researcher by the name of Nicolas finally gathered the courage to research the subject in earnest however, the possibility of channeling magic through advanced formulae became a widely accepted theory. This eventually led to our modern day use of magic, where staves usually merely fill the role of magic vessels with which to strengthen or focus spells.The formulae allow the natural energy around the caster to be drawn in and immediately discharged without the need for staves to act as vessels. The drawback of this is that the intricacy and complexity of the formulae will drain the caster of their energy more quickly than staves, which can store more energy more efficiently. Thus a lesser number of spells may be cast within one single battle by a mage using formulae. This amount usually increases as the caster further hones their skill.Even without formulae, small effects can be created by those who natively possess great magical abilities. Without a formula or staff to properly channel the magic however, the caster will be drained of energy nearly instantaneously.Formulae can be used for all kinds of magic, although the workings behind the formulae differ between reason and faith. In the black and dark arts, the caster uses formulae to construct the fine strands of primal magic around them; here, the formula can be described as a direct command which will fail or succeed only depending on the caster’s own skill and innate abilities. As regards light and white magic, while the caster still has to summon these raw strands by themselves, it is the Goddess who shapes those threads into the spell. The formula is a manifestation of the prayers of the caster, and its success depends not only on skill level, but also on their level of faith in and connection to the Goddess. Faith magic, as its name suggests, therefore builds upon asking for and being offered help by the divine powers. For this reason, faith magic is sometimes viewed as a less complex art than reason magic, which requires great precision and skill on the caster’s part. Faith magic possesses its own complexities, however.Constance paused, sitting back to think for a moment. Naturally, this was not the first she had heard of the history of staves versus formulas. The basics of channeling were taught to the very beginners. However, the distinction between faith and reason was new to her. No one had ever explained to her that formulas had such different applications in the two fields.While she had only just begun to learn light magic, she had already noticed the distinct difference in power and accuracy levels in comparison with black magic. Light magic rarely—if ever—seemed to miss its mark. If a spell worked, it landed. However, it seemingly did not allow for the same might as black magic did.Ideas and thoughts flourished in her mind as she kept reading, leading her to go and fetch a quill and some ink so that she could take notes. Before dipping the quill, she cast a basic spell on the ink to make whatever she wrote with it easily removable. This was a classic book on magic; she couldn’t possibly ruin it with her scribbles, however beautiful her handwriting was. She would transfer the notes to her own notebooks later.She dipped the quill into the ink, then leaned in to underline the sentence about faith magic being less complex than black magic before adding a quick note in the margin next to the paragraph.

The might of a light spell may also depend on the caster’s level of faith. Could the might be improved by use of more concise prayers as well?

It made sense to her, at least, that the goddess would be able to more faithfully recreate the caster’s wishes and prayers the clearer said prayers were. Up until now, Constance had only replicated the faith formulas created by others; perhaps if she tweaked them slightly, her results could improve?A loud yawn from the other table brought her out of her thoughts. Sylvain had just wrapped an arm around Annette, who was still deeply engrossed in her books.“Hey, what do you say we go get some sweets together? Just the two of us?”Before Annette could answer, Constance stood up so quickly that her chair fell over. Sylvain turned to her with raised eyebrows, watching as she righted the chair, closed the book and grabbed all of her things before stomping over to their table.“Excuse me for interrupting you so brusquely, but your attempts at charming this clearly uninterested woman are so painful to behold that I simply cannot stand idly by any longer. Can you not see that she is attempting to use her valuable time to submerge herself in her studies, and that you are making it unreasonably more difficult for her?”Sylvain stared at her. His arm slowly unfurled itself from Annette’s shoulders. “Um—”Constance scoffed. “Oh, how eloquent! Truly befitting of a noble—and a descendant of the Ten Elites, no less! You should be ashamed of your behavior. To be so fortunate as to be the heir to a prominent house, yet possess no respect for your peers whatsoever! Shame on you!”“Uh, I was just—”“Annette,” she said, speaking over the poor excuse for a man. Annette’s head jerked up. “Shall I accompany you outside?”The girl looked incredibly uncomfortable—and no wonder, with such a disrespectful creature still hanging at her side.“That’s alright,” she said quietly, stroking a loose strand of hair behind her ear as she glanced down at her book. “I’m fine, really. I can handle Sylvain. But thank you, Constance.”Constance nodded tightly. “As you wish.” She gave the obnoxious man a glare, at which he quickly held up his hands in defeat.“Hey, sorry,” he said, though a smile tugged at his lips. “Guess I can’t help it, huh?”“Do not bother making excuses with me,” she said indignantly. “We both know that it is not a question of capabilities.”She turned and left before he could say anything else. Better to study in her underground haven, Abyss, where it was calm and silent—and usually free from bullheaded men.By the time Hapi showed up in their quarters in Abyss, Constance had skimmed through the rest of the introduction and skipped the first parts in favor of chapter XIV, on lightning magic. She had continued to scribble little notes in the margins as she went: potential uses for spells here, possible combinations of them there, or just whatever idea popped up in her head while reading. Even the things that weren’t completely new to her sometimes drew out new theories, and she was experienced enough in studying by now to know that no thought was worth forgetting. She had notebook after notebook full of her previous scribbles. Which reminded her: she should probably transfer the notes to one of them before the end of the day. She was just so engrossed right now!“Hey Coco,” her friend announced as she entered. “Whatcha reading?”Constance barely looked up from the page, where she was just scribbling down a remark about how, in contrast to what the author stated, two vastly different variables might be possible to combine in one spell if she tightened the formula slightly.“The Compendium of Light and Dark,” she said automatically, glancing at the previous page so she could view the author’s formula again. Perhaps she could even exchange the  change  sign for the one representing  strength … Might that lead to a spell with both higher accuracy and might?“Sounds great.”Even while distracted, Constance could hear the sarcasm in Hapi’s voice. She looked up with a frown.“You sound as though you beg to differ.”Hapi stood on her tiptoes and stretched her arms up toward the ceiling, opening her mouth in a big yawn.“Auuw jush know it fauw its incowwect—”“Will you please wait until you have finished yawning? I cannot for the life of me understand what you are trying to convey.”Her friend smiled, but finished her yawn before landing on her heels again. “I’m sure it’s a great book. I just think some parts of it are… a little prejudiced. But you’re smart enough not to fall for that.”She moved to her bed and lay down on her side, resting her head on her arms as she blinked tiredly at Constance over by the desk.“Prejudiced? Care to elaborate?”Hapi yawned again, although this time, she didn’t attempt to speak until the yawn had passed.“Eh, I haven’t read it myself. I’ve just heard rumors. It’s probably fine. Has it given you any ideas for cool new spells yet?”Constance forced down the questions she wanted to ask, noting the way Hapi had quickly changed the subject. Even if they were only rumors, it wouldn’t do to take false information at face value. She would have to keep it in mind as she continued reading. But for now, she pushed it aside and allowed herself a triumphant smile.“Certainly I do! Believe me, my dear friend, this next spell shall be marvelous. The author discusses a formula for a lightning spell with which to create a small light source that can be maintained for up to a minute. I am confident, however, that with a few tweaks to the formula, I shall be able to prolong the effect as well as heighten its strength.”Hapi blinked slowly. “Why not use a fire spell instead? As a torch?”“Ahaha! A cunning question indeed, one which the author does not neglect to ask in the text itself. Had the creation of a light source been my only aim, then yes, a simple fire spell would certainly suffice. However! My intentions are not to create light, but life!”Her smile widened as she saw Hapi frown in confusion. “Life… but… how?”Constance couldn’t stop a gleeful giggle from slipping out between her lips. She leaned in toward the bed.“Do you recall the half-dead rodent that we found last week?”Hapi nodded. “Sure. You used a spell to put it out of its misery.”“Indeed I did; a lightning spell, in fact. And do you remember what happened to the rat?”“Um… It died?”Constance laughed again. “Oh, Hapi! I mean afterward.”She brought out her fan, slowly waving it in her face in practiced movements as she waited for Hapi to finish pondering the question.“It… hm… Yeah, its legs jerked, right? Like it was trying to run away.”“Exactly! Even in death, its muscles held a final burst of energy, which it expelled through movement. I have pondered on that interesting display ever since. Imagine if I had used a fire spell, or ice. Would the rodent have moved?”“I guess not?”“All magic is an expulsion of energy, for all magic requires energy in order to be cast. That is why we can only cast a limited number of spells within a brief period of time; we need to rest and recharge between battles. However, none of the other types of magic create energy in the way that lightning does. Fire consumes energy; ice preserves it; wind stirs it. But lightning creates energy! That, dear Hapi, is why the rat’s legs moved. My lightning spell created energy where there ought to be none!”“Huh. I’ve never thought about it that way. But what does that have to do with creating life? Life and energy aren’t the same thing.”“I should clarify my previous statement; I did not mean life in natural beings, but rather raw mechanical life. Just imagine! If a lightning spell can create movement in the muscles of a deceased animal, it can certainly be used to bring the same kind of life to objects. The author’s spell is much too weak; it would fizzle out too quickly to matter. If I can improve the formula—”“Not to be the rain on your parade, Coco, but lightning magic and formulas have existed for thousands of years. If there was a way to make dead objects move, wouldn’t someone have figured that out by now?”Constance snapped her fan closed and pointed it at Hapi. “Ahaha! Formulas may have existed for thousands of years, but I, Constance von Nuvelle, have only been alive for a mere eighteen!”Hapi smiled softly, her eyelids clearly growing heavier and heavier for each passing minute. “That’s my Coco.”

“Why, if it isn’t my favorite spellcrafter. Slept well, milady?”At the sound of the velvety soft voice, Constance spun to face the door, scowling at the figure leaning against its frame even as she felt her cheeks warm. “Yuri! These are the women’s quarters!”The unofficial leader of Abyss made a show of peeking inside, letting his gaze move between the empty bunk beds. He could barely keep his amused smile contained, and she did not care for it.“Then where are the women?”“Ugh,” she exclaimed, reaching behind her own back to grab her bag from the desk before starting toward the useless fool in front of her. “Kindly bring your so-called humor some place else. I shall not miss my class.”She stopped in front of him and glared up at him in an attempt to get him to leave. He smiled down at her, black-lined eyes gleaming beneath his bangs as she pointedly eyed the shoulder he rested against the doorframe, effectively blocking her path.“Forgot something?”“Step out of the way, you—”“Now, now, none of that,” he cooed, straightening enough that her forehead became levelled with his throat. “I don’t want you to forget anything important for your class, and that book there looks awfully lonely on your desk.” He lifted his gaze above her head.Constance turned her neck to follow his gaze.  The Compendium of Light and Dark  lay by itself near where she had been packing her things. Letting out a disgruntled huff, she turned and stomped back to tuck it in her bag. Yuri followed, mumbling its title to himself like an incantation as she picked it up.“Light and dark, hm? Are you experimenting with new kinds of magic?”She scoffed. “What kind of a question is that? If I am to restore my house and return the name of von Nuvelle and our mastery of magic to everyone’s lips, then naturally I shall have to constantly strive to better myself and my craft!”“Mm-hm,” he sang, extending his left arm past her side to carefully brush his fingertips against the front of the book. “Even going so far as to study the dark arts. I suppose I’m going to have to make a habit out of calling you Shady Lady, huh?”She swallowed down her annoyance at hearing the pet name he’d given her as of late, trying to instead focus on the contents of his comment. “I never said a thing about dark magic. While it is not out of the question that I might one day explore that path, I intend to first deepen my current knowledge in faith and black magic.”“Ah,” he said as his hand reached the book’s spine, lightly brushing against her fingers. “And here I thought that black licorice magic was your greatest achievement. I suppose you have yet to explore the spicy magics.”She jerked the book to her and tucked it into her bag. “Ha-ha,” she said as she stepped away to create some space between them. “Hysterical. Perhaps if you dedicated your time in Garreg Mach—one of the most prestigious academies in all of Fódlan, mind you—to studying some of the finer arts instead of loitering down here all day long, you wouldn’t feel the need to resort to such crass ridicule. I would ask you to join me in class, but then I am certain I would quickly grow to regret it.”Yuri made a mock bow. “Thank you for the gracious invitation milady, but I must respectfully decline.” He winked. “I’m a lone wolf, after all.”With that, he turned and left the room with his usual precise, silent stride. Constance sighed and closed her bag as she started toward the doorway. A lone wolf, indeed.After class, Constance packed up her things painstakingly slowly, registering out of the corner of her eye how the other students steadily trickled out of the room. Except for Linhardt, who was sleeping in his seat with his hair flowing out over his books, and Ferdinand, who had immediately walked up to the professor after class to supposedly ask him questions about its contents as usual, the classroom eventually became empty enough that Constance dared to make her way toward the exit. She stopped beneath the roofing right outside the classroom, looking this way and that to make certain that no one was currently watching her. No one seemed to have their eyes on her at the moment; however…Perhaps if she pretended to read while walking, she would not stick out as a sore thumb as she feared. Relieved that she had thought of it, she opened her bag and reached inside. She was just about to bring out one of her books, when she realized that something was off. Pulling the bag in front of her, she peered down into it to make certain that she had not simply imagined it.There were only two books in there.And neither of them was  The Compendium. She glanced back over her shoulder, but no book lay where she had been seated. Surely she had brought it with her this morning?A picture of a smirking face enveloped by long, lavender-colored hair appeared in her mind’s eye. Constance clenched her jaw. Even Yuri wouldn’t stoop so low as to steal a book from her, would he? Oh, that rascal!Before she could think twice, she stomped out into the harsh sunlight, making her way toward the secret entrance that would take her to Abyss. She would find that scoundrel, and she would confront him, and then she would…Then... she would…Her steps sagged somewhat as a feeling of dread began creeping up on her. What if it wasn’t Yuri? What if it was her own fault… What if she had lost the book somewhere, and someone had stolen it? Or even worse, what if it had been ruined by nature? What if she had dropped it in a puddle of water? While the sun was out now, it had rained all night, and she had noticed such puddles on her way to class...What if it was the monastery’s only copy…? And of such a vital, fundamental book! Ah, and she had not even remembered to transfer her notes last night! All of her work, lost. Well… Knowing her, it was likely wasted time at any rate.Oh, she was such a useless, hopeless creature. To think that she had even dared to borrow such a crucially important piece of literature from the library! Her! Clearly she didn’t know better. She had a knack for ruining things, after all. And why anyone would ever trust her with any book from the monastery library… It was beyond her. Her puny intellect could not even begin to fathom how someone could make such a mistake—although surely no one else could be blamed but her.She would be expelled from the academy, as she deserved. Left to struggle in the mud, where she belonged. How could she ever have thought that anything good would become of her—“Coco! Hey, let’s get in the shade. I’m sweating pigs here.”A steady arm tugged her to her right, and a moment later, the sharp light from the sun faded into the background as roofing once again shielded her from its ruthlessness.Constance blinked, taking in the face of Hapi in front of her. She looked concerned, but there really was no reason for that, was there?“Hapi!” she exclaimed, glad to see her friend out and about. “Have you finally decided to join a house and begin your studies as well? Were you heading for the Black Eagles classroom? I believe the professor might have already left, unless Ferdinand is still keeping him prisoner—”“No, nothing like that,” Hapi said, shaking her head. “I was just taking a walk. But it’s way too hot and I chose the absolute worst time to go out. Look at all the people around here!”Constance did as she said. There were indeed quite a lot of students in the area.“It is lunch break, is it not? Speaking of—shall we go together?”Hapi cringed. “Uhh, nah, I think I’ll just return to Abyss, actually.”“Abyss,” Constance murmured, recalling what she had been intending to do just a moment ago and feeling her anger return. “Indeed! Have you seen Yuri in the past half hour or so?”“I think he left a little while before me, actually. Why?”Constance huffed indignantly. “I believe he stole something from me.”Hapi looked skeptical. “Yuri-bird? You really think he’d steal from one of us?”“That is simply the only explanation I can think of. I must find him! That book is invaluable!”“Well, if it’s true that he took it, don’t you think he’d know to take care of it? Maybe he even found it somewhere. Could you have dropped it?”“No,” Constance said, shaking her head firmly. “I would never. Yuri was the last person except me to see the book.”“Okay,” Hapi said slowly. “I’m just having a hard time seeing him steal something from you. Unless it’s important for some secret reason…” She paused. “Yeah, okay, I could see him do that.”Constance sighed deeply. “He always believes himself to hold the one and only truth. Agh, when I find him…!”She looked around; if Yuri wasn’t in Abyss, where could she most likely find him? Perhaps he had gone for lunch? Her gaze paused by the entrance to the dining hall. No lavender-colored hair in sight, though he could already be inside.“I shall see you later, Hapi.”“See ya,” Hapi said quietly, and if she added something else after that, it was drowned out by the murmurs of the crowd around them.Yuri was not in the dining hall; neither was he in the entrance hall, by the fishing pond, in the greenhouse or on the training grounds. She briefly considered searching for him in the cathedral, but no, she knew that she would not find him there. While Yuri had studied faith magic, she knew that he had little actual faith in either the goddess or the Church of Seiros.She had been tempted to give up several times along the way—mostly, she had to confess, due to the abhorrent sunlight bathing her in anxiety—but the book was simply too important to allow herself to lose hope.In the end, she returned downtrodden to Abyss, hoping to find the trickster there. He did not return until after dinner, however. At that point, her anger had mostly drained away. She found him in the Wilting Rose Inn, drinking away with other Abyssians, but she kept her calm when walking up to him, even as he faced her with his usual self-assured smile.“Shady Lady! You look beat. Can I buy you a drink?”“You shall do nothing of the sort,” she said with a sigh, feeling a small measure of content as his smile faded slightly.“Something amiss?” he asked, a wrinkle of concern appearing between his brows.“You could say that!” she exclaimed, crossing her arms over her chest and ignoring the eye rolls from Yuri’s drinking buddies. “Did you steal my book this morning?”He blinked at her. “Your book?”“Oh, don’t play coy, Yuri! The book!  The Compendium of Light and Dark!  Surely you don’t mean to suggest that you already forgot?”Understanding dawned in his eyes, and the wrinkle smoothed out. He picked up his glass of wine and took a slow sip without breaking eye contact with her. Constance felt her patience begin to trickle out, but she would not let him have this one; she waited while he drank, staying silent even as he set the glass down again.“I didn’t steal your book. Thief’s honor. Have you checked the library? Maybe you lost it somewhere, and someone returned it.”As soon as he said it, she felt incredibly stupid. Returned it… to the library. How had she not come to think of that on her own?She pursed her lips. “Of course I did.”His smile returned. “Oh, you did, hm? And was it there?”“No,” she replied curtly. “But I shall look again.”She spun on her heel, trying to ignore the musical laughter ringing out behind her as she left.The sun had set behind the rooftops of Garreg Mach when Constance made her way to the library, but students still mingled about, talking and laughing as though they had no care in the world. Constance had one ‘care’ however. She needed to find the book.The library was nearly empty aside from Linhardt, although he was practically part of the furniture at this point. He leaned so far in over a book that she was unable to judge whether he was reading or sleeping. Knowing him, it was likely the latter.Constance walked straight up to the section on magic, taking a moment to search for the title of the book. And there. There it was.Feeling her heart slow in relief, she took out the book from its shelf and carefully flipped it open. While she absent-mindedly browsed through the first couple of pages, she considered how she might have lost the book and who might have found it. She could not remember having even put down her bag on the way to class, and she had definitely had it in there when she left Abyss… hadn’t she?Come to think of it, hadn’t she brought out some of the books during class? Had  The Compendium been one of them? Then where had it disappeared to after that?Her mind came to a halt at the same time as her fingers did. She stared at the page she had opened the book to. It was the introduction in part I, and while she had expected to see her own handwriting next to the printed text—she really needed to transfer the notes posthaste—there was something else there that caught her completely off guard.Someone else had made a note in the margins.A firm, steady script below her cursive one.And this note was clearly in response to hers.

The might of a light spell may also depend on the caster’s level of faith. Could the might be improved by use of more concise prayers as well?

What would disprove the faith level theory?

Constance stared at this note for a long moment, attempting to wrap her head around the question. The faith level theory… the theory about the success, and possibly also the might, of a faith spell depending on the caster’s faith and connection to the goddess… What would disprove it?And more importantly, why was the other note taker asking her this question? There could be no doubt that it was addressed to her, seeing as it had been written right beneath her own comment. Had whoever it was left any more notes for her?She browsed further into the book, and lo and behold, several of her notes had now been joined by replies from the unknown other reader. There were comments adding to her own spell ideas—either refuting them or giving her new insight into how a spell might be crafted—as well as more questions that were seemingly rhetorical.The other reader seemed especially intrigued by her notes on lightning magic, seeing as this was the one section where they had left the longest replies.With the below formula, it is possible for a black mage to create a small source of light; a feat ordinarily reserved for faith casters. The disadvantage of the black version of this spell is that the light source will flicker unsteadily, and that it cannot be maintained for longer than a minute before the magic collapses. As with all spells, a higher skill level equals a higher might and longer duration; however, as of yet, no mage has been recorded as able to maintain this particular spell for more than a minute at a time.

This formula may not be enough, but what about another? See p. XXXV; acc. to the author, vastly different variables cannot be combined. Is this true? Could the celestial entity for ‘strength’ make a difference? Attempt this spell on machinery.

Consider my curiosity piqued. What do you hope to achieve by attacking machinery with an insignificant ball of unstable light?

Regardless, formulas are mere tools, and so they are not rigid. You can view them more as… let's say, guidelines for the uninitiated. A simple recipe for the following kind. Why do you think the author argues against combining opposite variables? What does he gain from it? If you want the answer, look to the elder arts.

Constance paused with the next page between her thumb and forefinger, reading the last note again and again. This one short note held so many new ideas and questions, she didn’t quite know where to begin.Her thoughts stuck to the term she didn’t recognize.  The elder arts.  If that was an established denomination, it was not one Constance had been familiarized with. It sounded like it could possibly be referring to older versions of formulas, although she couldn’t remember having read about anything of the sort.And then the question about what the author would gain from stating that opposite variables cannot be combined… The real question was, what did this other reader stand to gain from asking her all these things? Why would a stranger contact her in such a way?She looked up from the book. Linhardt was firmly asleep now, and the only other person in the library that she could see was Tomas, the old librarian. He stood hunched over by a bookshelf some ways off.Closing the book and holding it against her chest, she walked with soft but determined steps up toward the man.“Excuse me.”He jumped slightly, turning his head more quickly than she would have expected him to be capable of. When he saw her, his posture relaxed again. He turned to her fully, and as he did, he closed a book of his own. With the way in which he was holding it, however, she couldn’t make out the title.“Yes?” he asked, offering a benevolent smile as he rested his free hand on top of his cane. “Can I help you, young lady?”She smiled back. “Possibly, yes. I read a passage which mentioned something called ‘the elder arts’. May you know what that term could be in reference to?”For a moment, he simply smiled at her. His gaze crept down to the book against her chest.“The elder arts, you say? Which book is that you have there?”She was surprised to find that she felt reluctant to show him the title. What if he took it and saw that there were notes in the margins?“Ah, this?” she laughed in order to buy herself some time. “This was not it. I read it in another book, although I cannot quite recall its title. If you wish, I can attempt to find it again?”Tomas shook his head. “No no, that won’t be necessary. I was simply surprised to hear those words. I know most books here in this library, and as far as I know, none of them mention the elder arts. Perhaps I’ve... missed one.”He glanced at her book again, causing her to squeeze it subconsciously. To mask her sudden unease, she widened her smile into a grin. “Perhaps so.”“Sadly, I do not have any books in particular to recommend on the subject. You see, elder magic is another term for dark magic, which, as I’m sure you know, is sparsely taught here at the academy. Our library has been carefully curated by the Church to make sure that no one comes to harm.”“Dark magic?” she breathed, smile having faded the instance he mentioned the art. “Why… why the alternative name?”“Dark magic was discovered thousands of years ago by an ancient people sometimes referred to as the Elders. This is not something widely known, however. Are you certain you read it in one of my books?”“Ahaha!” she laughed nervously. “I must simply have misread it. How very peculiar that something akin to that name turned out to exist after all!”“Indeed,” he said softly, tilting his head slightly as he watched her.“Well! Thank you for your assistance,” she hurried to add, already turning to leave.“Miss von Nuvelle, is it?”She stopped, pausing to give him an uncertain look. “Ah, yes. Excuse my manners. Constance von Nuvelle; pleased to make your acquaintance.”“A fair warning: be mindful of whom you mention the Elders and their arts to."With that, Tomas turned back to the shelves, effectively ending their conversation.Constance didn’t waste even a second. She spun on her heel, then half ran out of the library, accidentally bumping into Linhardt’s table so that his head flew up in a sleepy daze. She mumbled a quick apology but didn’t stop to hear his reply.If anyone said so much as hello to her on her way back, she didn’t register it. Her brain led her automatically to the hidden path down into Abyss, and only when she stood by the end of the final ladder with both feet planted firmly on the floor did it allow her to regain control.She looked to her right, which presented her the shadow library. A library she rarely visited, knowing full well that many of the books there had been banned from the monastery’s own library. She could never bring a book from the shadow library above the surface, and she could never reveal the secrets those books held to anyone from the Church. Up until now, she hadn’t seen the appeal of scouring a banned section when there were still books in the monastery’s library that she had yet to read.But now…Look to the elder arts.She lowered  The Compendium  from her chest to stare down at its title. Who was this other reader? What did they hope to achieve by advising her to learn about dark magic?She had better tread carefully; take anything that the other reader said with a grain of salt. Dark magic brought with it risks she had never been taught how to mitigate. Still… That didn’t necessarily mean she should ignore the stranger’s advice completely. She was a von Nuvelle after all; it wouldn’t do to turn away from an opportunity to develop her magical prowess!Once again embracing  The Compendium to her chest, Constance took a deep breath and stepped into the shadow library. This library was much more cramped and untidied than the one in the monastery, but she had long ago learned to look past the dirty corners and messes of the Abyss; it was part of the charm of her underground haven, much like Hapi, Balthus and even Yuri were.To think that the library would be the part of Abyss she was the least familiar with. It was shameful how lost she felt here. Fortunately, the other visitors didn’t seem to pay her any mind, as it usually was down here. People took care of their own business and expected others to do the same.Except for Yuri, she thought with a sigh as she began to peruse the shelves. Yuri, the unofficial Abyss leader who feigned nonchalance, yet worked harder than anyone to make certain that his catacombs remained a safe space for the outcasts of the surface world. If he could show that side of himself more, perhaps she wouldn’t have to constantly feel annoyed at the sight of his face.Attempting to find something when she didn’t quite know what she was looking for turned out to be more complicated than she had expected. Some naive part of her had perhaps believed that simply walking into the shadow library would give her the knowledge she needed. The truth was, however, that merely knowing the words ‘elder arts’ was unlikely to yield results at this point in time. Even if she found a book on dark magic, she wouldn’t know what to look for more specifically.Backing away from the shelf with disappointment rising in her chest, she flipped open  The Compendium and read the note from the stranger again.

Why do you think the author argues against combining opposite variables? What does he gain from it? If you want the answer, look to the elder arts.

Come to think of it, there seemed to be a pattern to the notes left by the other reader. Cryptic questions intended to make her doubt what she had been taught at the academy. She needed only look to his note in regards to faith magic.

What would disprove the faith level theory?

She carefully seated herself on a pile of books in one corner, reading the faith note again and again. The faith level theory stated that someone with higher faith in—or a closer connection to—the goddess would produce more successful and perhaps even stronger white and light spells. Naturally, then, the theory would be disproven if… if someone with low faith successfully cast faith magic, or if someone with a close connection to the goddess had a weakness in such magic. Had she heard of anyone like that?She ran through a mental list of all the magic users she knew of at the academy. There were the ones with a high faith level, such as Mercedes and Marianne, and those with an incredibly strong connection to the goddess, such as the Archbishop herself, who were highly proficient in the magic. Then there were the faith magic users who were less avid believers, yet still faithful to the Church. She supposed she could count Linhardt, and perhaps herself, to that group. Neither of them had any trouble with faith magic, although she may have to acknowledge that she was not yet among the very best.But then who  did have trouble? Well, she knew there were some who had an outright weakness in faith magic. Foreigners, mostly, which would explain their low faith level and thus be in line with the theory. None of them disproved it yet.So what did the other reader mean by their question? Was there someone at the academy, or perhaps in its history books, who could disprove the theory?She gazed up at the nearest bookshelf. The shadow library didn’t have a Tomas, but perhaps Yuri could—Her thought hitched together with her next breath.Yuri.Yuri was a skilled user of faith magic.Yuri was, perhaps apart from Hapi, more resentful toward the Church and its actions than any other person she could think of.Yet he was incredibly skilled at the goddess’ own game!In her excitement, Constance nearly pushed over a nearby stack of books, making it wobble so dangerously that it was a miracle it didn’t collapse. She couldn’t remember a time when she had been in more of a rush to see the obnoxious man.Yuri could disprove the faith level theory!She ran straight for the inn, assuming he would still be there, but there was no lavender hair in sight. Letting out an exasperated sigh, she turned and headed for the men’s quarters instead. She hadn’t kept track of time; he might have already gone to bed, but if so, this was certainly a good enough reason to wake him up. While walking briskly past bumbling rogues laughing with their companions and night merchants just opening up their stalls along Burrow street, she mentally rehearsed what she would say to the male guards posted outside his quarters.‘Let me in at once! I need to see Yuri; my very future is at stake!’Perhaps she should say ‘our very future’ instead? After all, what was a tiny white lie in comparison to the importance of her errand? Yuri would be proud of her.So preoccupied was she with these mental images, that she ran straight into a man just turning a corner. She yelped in alarm, intending to spin to the side so as to avoid completely crashing into the other person, but steady hands gripped her arms and caught her full weight against their owner’s chest. He stumbled slightly before catching his balance, but apart from that, the force of the impact was effectively nullified by his grip.She looked up and met two cat-like eyes lined perfectly with black.“Yuri!” she exclaimed breathily. “Just whom I wanted to see!”He let out an incredulous sound, blinking at her in apparent surprise. “Did you manage to curse yourself or something?”Had this been a mere hour ago, she might have scoffed at him. As it was, she was too excited to care.“Tell me!” she commanded. “You resent the Church, yes?”He glanced around, still holding her arms in a tight grip. “Cursed by the Archbishop then, is it? What an honor.”“Yuri! This is serious. Answer me.”“Or you’ll turn me into licorice? Tell you what, if it’s a taste you want—”Goddess, she wished she could have zapped him with a lightning spell right then. Instead, she settled for stepping on his foot, earning herself a surprised yelp.“Fine, fine,” he said, finally releasing her arms. “I wouldn’t say I resent the Church so much as disagree with their ways.”“But you are faithless, yes?”He smirked secretly, causing a glimmer of mischief to spark to life in his eyes. “I have my own faith.”“A faith unconnected to the Church of Seiros, yes? Yet you’re a skilled faith caster. How do you go about casting a spell, Yuri?”Yuri sighed, closing his eyes for a moment as he ran a hand through his hair. “Ah, so that’s where the knife plunges. Can we do this tomorrow? Truth be told, I’ve had one too many glasses of wine—”“It cannot,” she urged quietly, knowing that it would catch his attention. Sure enough, he paused and leaned in, waiting for her to continue. “Someone is… challenging me. I need to get ahead. Surely you must know what that is like.”Her fingers squeezed the book automatically, and judging by the way in which Yuri’s gaze lowered and darkened in understanding, he must have noticed.“Challenging you,” he repeated, voice now devoid of all humor. “Someone giving you trouble?”Well. Yes, they were, in a way. But she doubted that was the kind of trouble Yuri was referring to.“Nothing which I cannot handle,” she said confidently.Yuri raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. “No? Can I have my beauty sleep then?”“Ugh! No you cannot! Not until you have enlightened me on your spell casting methods.”He smiled and shook his head. His right hand casually came up to rest against the wall, allowing him to shift his weight as he leaned into it. The other hand went to his hip, fingers grazing the hilt of his trusted sword.“I know better than to say no to the Shady Lady herself,” he began, smirking contentedly when she scoffed and rolled her eyes at the pet name. “I’m not as well read as you are, so I apologize if this comes out as… rudimentary. But when casting a spell, I gather my magical energy and channel it through a formula that reflects what I’m trying to achieve, then top it off with silent prayers in my mind. Is that what you wanted to hear?”She considered his answer for a moment. Nothing in his description seemed strange, but how could that be? If Yuri—faithless Yuri—could cast faith magic just the same as any believer, what did that say about the magic itself?“Hello?” Yuri sang after she had been silent for a long moment. “You still there?”Constance blinked at him. “Of course I am. I was merely pondering your answer.”“How do you cast faith magic yourself?”“About the same as you, I wager,” she said with a sigh. “Which confounds me. The faith level theory states that the closer the caster is to the goddess, and the stronger their faith, the more successful their faith magic will be.”He tilted his head to the side, as he always did when considering a puzzle of any sort. “Hm,” he said. “Well. Either your beloved books are lying to you, or I am just that good of a trickster.”She scoffed. “You mean to say that you are fooling the goddess herself?”Yuri shrugged, an amused smile playing on his lips. “It’s all just smoke and mirrors in the end, isn’t it?”He pushed off from the wall and took a few leisurely steps past her. She turned to follow him with her gaze.“Smoke and mirrors?” she asked. “Whatever do you mean?”“The Church has a habit of trying to bury truths they don’t want to accept; that’s why the shadow library exists in the first place.” He stopped and looked back at her over his shoulder. “It makes you think, doesn’t it? If I can trick the goddess just by going through the motions, either she’s not as all-knowing as the Church makes her out to be, or she isn’t watching at all.”Constance watched in shock as he turned forward again and left her to ponder the ramifications of what he had just said.Or she isn’t watching at all.Did Yuri understand what he was suggesting? Surely he must. Surely he must understand that he had just proposed that the Church was lying about the existence of the goddess. How could he just say that with a straight face and walk off as though he hadn’t just committed grave blasphemy?Yuri was highly skeptical of the Church of Seiros; she shouldn’t take his words at face value. But if he was correct, it would invalidate not only the faith level theory, but also the faith syntax itself. Were the prayers even needed to cast a faith spell, or were they simply a facade? Smoke and mirrors, as Yuri had put it?No, she told herself as she turned and started toward her quarters, book clenched tightly in her hands. No, she needed more information before she could pass judgment. Besides, if the faith level theory was invalid, then how come all of the most avid believers excelled in faith magic? And why did all of the foreigners at the academy struggle with it? There must still be some truth to the theory. Was this simply an exception to the rule, then? If so, what did the mysterious stranger in the margins of  The Compendium  gain from drawing her attention to it?She must dig deeper into this, and she knew just where to turn the first sod.

Despite working on less than four hours of sleep, Constance was near ecstatic.It was in no way an easy ecstacy. Her thoughts were disordered and hectic, her sense of time severely distorted, and she couldn’t for the life of her focus on the professor’s lecture.All she could think about was the book.The book that she had returned as soon as the library had opened in the morning, hoping that the other reader would be as eager as her to continue their conversation. Hoping that they would find the time to reply to her notes before the end of the day, so that she could get back to researching in the evening.After her conversation with Yuri last night, she had headed straight for her quarters, where she had spent hours reading various passages of the book and replying to the notes left by the stranger in the margins. She believed that she now had a better idea of what they had intended with their comment about ‘turning to the elder arts’ for answers. It was clear that this other reader was skeptical of the Church in a similar way to Yuri, and while she hadn’t yet had the time to find books on dark magic in the shadow library, she was fairly certain that the other reader wanted to sow a seed of doubt in her concerning what she had been taught about faith magic.For a moment, she had been hit by the possibility that Yuri might be the other reader. It hadn’t taken her many minutes however to brush that theory off. He may be a trickster and an excellent liar, but his reactions last night had seemed sincere. Besides, she couldn’t see what Yuri would stand to gain from communicating with her through a book—and on magic, at that! He’d never been much for that kind of research, and if he wanted to talk to her, he would do it directly.Constance, however, lived for this kind of research. It was in her blood. And thus it was that she spent the entirety of her day ecstatically thinking about the book, the other reader, their notes and what secrets she might uncover if she kept writing to them.There were more people in the library this evening. Some students she didn’t recognize at all; some were from the Golden Deer however, and then of course, there was Linhardt. He sat—or rather, slumped—in his usual place, browsing through a book on top of a pile in front of him.Constance came to a halt as she saw the book. Was that… Was that a note in the margin of the page he was currently reading? Before she could think, she took a step closer, causing Linhardt to register her presence and look up. His gaze was as bored and weary as ever, although she knew better than to doubt his earnest curiosity at this point. Someone who spent half of their time sleeping and the other half devouring books couldn’t possibly be anything but driven to learn and uncover new truths.While this must be true, however, Constance had never really talked much to Linhardt. They may share their interest in research, but the way they went about it differed enormously. She never quite knew how to talk to him.This time, however, he was the one who initiated conversation.“Constance,” he said, followed by a yawn—which he, to her pleasant surprise, hid behind a hand. “You’ve been here quite frequently lately. Found a new subject to research?”“Yes,” she said distractedly, trying to gauge whether he was reading  The Compendium  or not, but it was difficult to judge from this distance without being obvious about it. “I suppose I have. And you? What is it that you are reading today?”Linhardt peered down at the book. “ Crestology XI ,” he replied in a monotone voice.“Oh.” She exhaled. “You shouldn’t defile a precious book in such a way, you know.”The words were out before she could think. She searched her mind for a way to smooth it over, but Linhardt just shrugged.“This is Professor Hanneman’s personal copy which he lent to me. He’s had it for years and years, and it’s filled with all kinds of scribbles.”Constance felt her cheeks warm. “I see. How fortunate you are to have such a generous mentor.”“Mmm… I guess,” he said with another yawn. “Bye now.”“Good bye,” she said indignantly, forcing herself to ignore his rude nature. At least he hadn’t stolen her book.She found it in the same place as usual. Her heart fluttered as she pulled it from its shelf; would the other reader have had time to leave any new notes for her? Flipping open to the first page where she knew she had left a reply, she felt a surge of excitement as she saw that there were indeed new scribbles in the margins.

What would disprove the faith level theory?

There are non-believers who can successfully cast faith magic, but no rules are without exceptions. Why would I wish to disprove it in the first place?

As a lesson not to take things for granted. See p. CCXL.

She had already begun to head for the exit while reading, and was about to turn to page CCXL, when she walked into someone. She dropped the book to the floor, stumbling back in surprise.“Ah! Do watch where you—”Her reprimand was cut short when she raised her gaze and came eye to eye with Lady Edelgard’s personal retainer. Positioned next to the doorway with his hands behind his back, he gazed down at her with the narrow gaze that had always reminded her of a lizard; there was just something about the angles of his face and the narrowness of his eyes that made him look nefarious regardless of what expression he wore. The fact that his right eye was completely hidden by black hair only emphasized the look.While he regarded everyone around him with that same gaze—perhaps except for Edelgard—Constance had never before had it so absolutely and strongly focused on her. It caught her off guard, completely eradicating whatever she had been about to say from her mind.“Er,” she said intelligently, hoping that the rest of the words would flow out on their own, but there was no such luck.“I believe you were the one who walked into me,” Hubert pointed out, his lilting tone ever so polite, although it carried the same sinister undertone as everything else about him. Constance could understand very well why he had been chosen as the Imperial princess’ right hand.“Well,” she said indignantly, because she couldn’t come up with anything better. “I suppose I did.”Hubert glanced down at the book on the floor, which reminded her to crouch down and pick it up. Thankfully, it had closed as it landed. She didn’t want to think about what could have happened if he had seen all of the notes in the margins.“Must be an intriguing read,” he said above her.

Her fingers stilling just above the book, Constance’s gaze fixated on his boots as her mind processed what he had just said. An intriguing read! What was he suggesting? Had he seen the notes after all…?Before she could spiral further into her theories, he continued, “You looked quite engrossed.”At that clarification, she gripped the book and stood hastily. “If you so clearly saw me heading straight toward you, you could have stepped to the side!”If she hadn’t known better, she would have sworn one corner of his mouth was tugged up into a smirk for a fraction of a second.“Better that you walk into me than trip and fall down the staircase further on. You should pay more attention to your surroundings.”“Thank you for the advice,” she said, fuming. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have somewhere I need to be. Please give my regards to Lady Edelgard.”“You can give them to her yourself,” he said, inclining his head to a bookshelf further along the wall.Constance followed his gaze and noticed for the first time since arriving in the library that Edelgard stood in the corner, currently browsing a book from the historical section. Hearing her name being spoken, she had lifted her gaze, and now her eyes met with Constance’s.“Constance,” she said with a smile as she nimbly closed the book and returned it to the shelf. “How is your research faring?”Constance looked from the princess to her retainer—who now quite clearly had an amused smirk on his lips—before returning her attention to the former again.“Lady Edelgard! Please excuse my rudeness!” she exclaimed with a deep bow. “I was so engrossed in that very research, I failed to register your presence.”“Oh, there’s no need to worry,” she assured her, closing the distance between them with graceful steps befitting someone with her title. “I was doing a bit of research myself; I know how it can be.”Constance straightened from her bow again. At this point, both her face and her neck must be bright red. “Regardless, I must apologize. I should have been more attentive.”“You should,” Hubert added to her right. “If not for your own sake, then for that of others. Be glad that you walked into me and not Lady Edelgard.”Constance couldn’t be certain whether he meant it as a threat or not, but nevertheless, she had to suppress a shiver.“I apologize for that as well,” she said, offering him a quick glance.“Apology accepted.”Edelgard laughed; a beautiful, musical laughter that managed to relax Constance’s tense muscles somewhat. “Oh, Hubert. There’s no need to be so stern. After all, Constance’s research is for the good of the Empire.” She smiled at Constance. “I admire your tenacity. I wish certain others could take inspiration from you.”At this, she glanced meaningfully toward Linhardt, who seemed completely oblivious to their conversation. Ah, yes. Constance was aware that Linhardt refused to focus his concentration on anything but that which excited him, and that Lady Edelgard had tried in vain to talk to him about his bad habit to fall asleep during class.Constance felt a small confidence boost at being so highly regarded by Lady Edelgard, head of her class and future Empress. She couldn’t stop a grin from taking over her face.“Ahaha! You flatter me, Lady Edelgard! I am honored to be in your house, and I shall never cease to strive for excellence in your name!”Edelgard gave her a warm smile. “Thank you, Constance. Rest assured that I have not forgotten your request.”Constance beamed. “I am ever so grateful!”“Well, I believe I must be on my way,” Edelgard continued. “Take care, Constance.”“You as well! I wish you a good night.”“Good night.”The princess looked toward Hubert. He bowed, then waited as Edelgard moved past him and walked out the door. Before going after her, he gave Constance one last look.“Good luck with your research. May it prove... enlightening.”“Thank you,” she said cautiously.He nodded, then left the room with precise, determined strides. Constance took a moment to calm her thoughts as well as her breathing. That went well, all things considered, but who knew what Hubert would say about her to Lady Edelgard after the accident with the book? She should have just apologized to him straight away, regardless of how she felt about it. But that something about his gaze… It was both unnerving and revealing, as though he had put her under a truth spell.She remembered the book still clasped against her chest—a place it seemed to inhabit almost automatically these days—and ordered her feet to move. She had more important things to do than ponder on the piercing gaze of the princess’ retainer.

Consider my curiosity piqued. What do you hope to achieve by attacking machinery with an insignificant ball of unstable light?

Regardless, formulas are mere tools, and so they are not rigid. You can view them more as… let's say, guidelines for the uninitiated. A simple recipe for the following kind. Why do you think the author argues against combining opposite variables? What does he gain from it? If you want the answer, look to the elder arts.

Why are you asking me these questions? I understand that you are… skeptical, but what do you stand to gain from attempting to spark doubt in me as well?

As regards my intention with casting the lightning spell on machinery, I choose to withhold that information until I know who you are and what your own aims are.

You asked whether it is true that vastly different variables cannot be combined. I answered your question. If the faith level theory is false, it shows that formulas—and as a result, the faith syntax—are not as rigid as the author claims. Have you attempted to manipulate the syntax yet?

As for my comment on the elder arts… If you want me to spell that out, we need a more secure line of communication.

My aim is to aid you in your magical research. If you need a name, you can call me Crow.

Constance let the name roll silently on her tongue as she looked up from the book sprawled open on the dining hall table. She had already had her suspicions that the other reader was male, based on their handwriting and phrasings, and this particular choice of nom de plume only strengthened that thesis in her eyes. Didn't "Crow" sound distinctly male, after all? Or was that simply her own prejudice clouding her judgment...? Either way, it would surely be easier to assume that she was correct for the time being. She could always adjust her theory at a later date if necessary. With that issue sorted, she quickly moved on to the next. To her great discomfort, the comment about her magical research indicated that he knew who she was. He must have seen her with the book, and he was apparently close enough to her that he knew about her research.Then again, she hadn’t exactly been secretive about that part. Most people in the academy, especially in her year, likely knew that she was researching magic.And he wanted to aid her in that research… but why? He had clarified his aim, but it was still veiled in darkness. She doubted that he had purely innocent reasons for wanting to aid her; she would have to keep that in mind. Still, he had already managed to lead her in new directions. He had already helped her plenty. Perhaps there was nothing wrong in allowing him to continue.Yet if she wanted more information, it seemed she would have to find a safer way to communicate with him. Apparently whatever he wanted to say was not something he wanted the Church to get a hold of; that implied that he held forbidden knowledge and/or wanted to encourage some kind of blasphemy. That very fact in itself was strangely titillating.Although perhaps it wasn’t strange at all. The darkest secrets were usually also the juiciest, and if Constance wanted to achieve her aims of becoming one of the most innovative and skilled mages in Fódlan—of restoring house Nuvelle to its former glory—she would have to dip her toes in the dark pond. There was something intriguing about that whole ordeal; about exploring the darkest corners of magic. Whatever this Crow could teach her would likely be rare knowledge that she might have difficulties with finding elsewhere.What did she have to lose?Now she just had to find a secure way to communicate. Her first thought was to find a new hiding place for the book, one that only the two of them knew about, but that could easily backfire. Someone could happen upon the book, and depending on what notes it contained at that point, it might spell bad news for both Constance and Crow.The only safe way she could see was to hide the notes themselves in plain view. Certainly there had to be a spell, or she could invent one, which could make ink invisible and then visible again at their will.The question was, which types of magic did Crow know? And what level of difficulty could he be expected to manage?“Lady Constance von Nuvelle,” a warm, smooth voice called from the end of the long table. “If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.”Even before looking up, she felt annoyance bloom within her. Sylvain Gautier slid into the opposite chair, lazily running a hand through his bright red hair as he smiled the same smile she had seen him aim at hundreds of other women—and he wasn’t even in the same house as her. She couldn’t even fathom how fed up Annette and the other girls in the Blue Lions must be with him at this point.“Pray spare me your lines,” she said dryly, “and leave me in peace.”“Sorry, sorry,” he said, even as he leaned his elbows against the table, getting comfortable in his chair. “That was dumb. Honestly, I came here to apologize for that time in the library. I can be real dense sometimes, huh?”She scoffed. “Is this another attempt at swaying me to your side?”His forehead wrinkled in concern. “No. I swear. I’ve been thinking of what you said, and…” He paused. “Eh, it’s not important. I just wanted to apologize. I don’t expect you to be ‘swayed’ or anything, I just don’t want bad blood between us.”She glared at him, hoping that he would give up and leave her be, but when he just kept looking back at her with pleading eyes, she eventually sighed and rolled her eyes.“Apology accepted.  Now can you leave?”“Aww, Constance, your words sting worse than a lance!” he exclaimed, taking on an almost playful tone as he gestured dramatically with his arms; first opening them up wide, then clutching at his heart. “Give me a chance? I really want to make it up to you. Maybe you could tell me about that book?”“It’s  The Compendium of Light and Dark,” she relented, although she closed it defensively.His gaze went to the front of the book. “Just some light reading, then,” he said. “I think Annette has mentioned it before. It’s pretty comprehensive, right?”“Yes. So far it has shed light on quite a few things.” Although she had to admit that it was mainly Crow who had shed his light on them. “It also poses questions I have yet been unable to answer, however.”Sylvain leaned forward further, resting his chin on top of the backs of his hands. His eyes—fully focused on her—gleamed in tandem with his smile.“Yeah? Like what?”She scowled at him. As though he would understand any of the in-depth knowledge contained in this book. Well, he would soon realize that little fact himself, she supposed.“I am searching for a way to conceal ink,” she said. “I already have some experience with light magic, and so I know that it can be used to manipulate what the naked eye can see. However, so far, I have yet to come up with a spell that has a lasting effect even after the mage has finished casting it.”“Hm,” Sylvain said. “Is it for a diary or something?”Constance couldn’t help but smile wryly. “Something along those lines. It needs to remain invisible until a corresponding spell is cast.”“You working on a new formula then?”She paused. Then she reached for her notebook and turned it around so that he could read her notes. It was mostly just different formula variations; nothing sensitive. She watched Sylvain scan the page, mumbling something below his breath as he did.“I mean this with the utmost respect,” he began after just a short moment, raising his gaze to meet hers. “But aren’t you over-complicating things just a little?”Constance frowned. “Excuse me?”He turned the notebook back around and pointed at the last variant of the formula. “This is incredibly strong magic,” he said. “Not that I’m surprised, I mean, you’re amazing at this. But sometimes a simple solution is better than a complicated one, right?”She blinked at him, feeling as though her grip of the situation had begun to slip. “Such as?”Sylvain leaned back in his chair, considering the notebook from a distance. “What if you looked at it the other way around? Instead of using a spell to hide the writing, maybe you could use a spell to reveal it?”The uncomfortable feeling kept growing the more he kept talking. She hadn’t expected him to actually give useful advice. What was this? Why did Sylvain Gautier know anything about magic?“I mean, what do I know?” he continued with a small laugh when she didn’t reply. “I’m not a mage.” He stood from his chair. “Can I get you something? Tea, maybe?”She looked up at him, considering the offer. “I would much prefer coffee,” she said, then sighed. “However, I’m afraid it is a rare brew that isn’t offered here.”To her surprise, he smirked and gave her a wink. “I’ll see what I can find. Be right back.”Constance watched him move along the rows of tables in the dining hall, but soon returned her attention to her notebook.If she looked at it the other way around, like he said… He was correct in that she wouldn’t need as complicated a spell then. If she could make the writing invisible by design, she would only need a spell to reveal it, and that wouldn’t demand nearly as much energy as a spell to keep the writing hidden. It only needed to be visible for long enough that she and Crow could read the other’s notes; in other words, a few seconds at a time would be enough. That would definitely be manageable.All she needed was a way to create invisible ink, then, and a spell to reveal it. A spell obscure enough that no one but her and Crow would think to attempt it on the book. That should be no object; she had created so many custom spells at this point that she could do it in her sleep.By the time Sylvain returned, she was already nearing a solution; in fact, she had come to the conclusion that she was in no need of a custom spell after all. She had an idea for a special kind of ink with ingredients which would allow the ink to darken if exposed to electrical currents, and lightning magic should do the trick. Even if Crow knew little or no lightning magic, this would require only a very simple spell that he should be able to learn without much struggle.“Coffee for the hard-working lady?”Constance’s eyebrows shot up underneath her bangs as she lifted her head and saw Sylvain placing a cup of the dark, steaming liquid in front of her.“You—how—”He laughed. “I went to fetch some from my room. I received it as a gift, but I’m not a huge fan of coffee.”“Not a fan of coffee?!” she exclaimed. “But it carries such a striking, deep flavor—it is unlike anything else!”“Precisely,” he said, wrinkling his nose as he sat down in the other chair again. “I’m more for sweets. This is way too bitter. I’m glad you like it, though. Means it’ll come to good use.”Her cheeks warmed. “Well,” she said. “Thank you. I suppose you aren’t completely useless after all.”He smiled. “Nah, I’m still pretty useless. Without the coffee, I’m just an obnoxious flirt.”She couldn’t help but feel shame at his reply. She certainly had treated him as though he were just that.“Thank you for your advice on the spell,” she said sincerely. “I had a breakthrough thanks to you.”“It was nothing,” he assured her, smile fading. “Though I’m glad I could help.”She lifted the cup, bringing it to her lips. It was the perfect temperature; hot but not enough to scald. She closed her eyes as she enjoyed the round, deep flavor of the beverage, making the most of the moment. Returning the cup to the table, she let out a content, relaxed sigh.“Marvelous.”“If you say so.”She opened her eyes again to regard him. He sat leaned back in his chair with his gaze fixed on an invisible spot on the table, his expression completely humorless.“I’ve been thinking,” he began slowly as she took her next couple of sips, his voice so low now that she had to lean forward to hear him. “About what you said in the library… About how I’m just making excuses, and how my behavior has nothing to do with what I’m capable of.” He raised his gaze; it was uncertain. “What did you mean by that?”Constance set the cup down. She had told him that when she was upset, but she supposed that it held its truths.“For one, you are clearly more competent than you pretend to be,” she said, inclining her head to her notebook. “Your behavior is simply an act. You pretend to be incompetent, for whatever reason, when in fact I believe you are quite clever. What I simply do not understand is why you abuse your noble title in such a way! You are fortunate, you know, to be a part of noble society. One day it might all come crumbling down.”One corner of Sylvain’s mouth quirked upward into a smirk, all uncertainty gone from his eyes. “Heh. You’re probably right. We’d both be houseless then, yeah?”Her muscles tensed. He said that so easily, so simply, as though losing her noble status hadn’t been the most traumatic experience of her life.Sylvain’s smirk slowly melted off as he watched her reaction. “Uhh… Sorry. That was unusually tactless, even for me.”He leaned forward, offering her his hands with his palms facing upward. She just stared at them, but he didn’t withdraw them.“If I could, Constance,” he said lowly, gazing into her eyes with sincerity, “I would trade with you. I’d do it in a heartbeat, believe me.”She felt a strange surge in her chest at that comment, or perhaps at the almost hypnotizing tone of his voice. She nearly took his hands—before she remembered that this was what he did. This was how he did it; how he lured all those women to follow him wherever he went. She knew his type. He and Yuri both were the kinds to plaster coy smiles on their faces but scowl in disgust as soon as their mark turned their back on them. Well! He wouldn’t make a fool out of  her! She raised her chin defiantly, looking down at him. “Do you expect to charm me with such crude methods? How utterly disappointing. Nobility is surely wasted on you, Sylvain Gautier!”His smile wavered somewhat as he pulled his hands back. “Your words are as sharp as your intellect, my lady.”Her eyes nearly rolled out of her head. Before she could respond, however, he stood and pushed the chair closer to the table.“Well, this has been lovely, but I have a date with my self-loathing.” He eyed the cup on the table, half empty now. “Enjoy your coffee.”With those final words, he turned on his heel and strode away, heading straight for the nearest doorway. Constance scowled in his direction until he was out of sight. Then she looked down at the cup, and a small sliver of remorse went through her.As soon as she had finished making the special ink and had written a note for Crow which she tucked in-between two pages in  The Compendium, Constance set out to attempt Crow’s challenge: adjusting the faith syntax.‘If the faith level theory is false, it shows that formulas—and as a result, the faith syntax—are not as rigid as the author claims. Have you attempted to manipulate the syntax yet?’Coming up with new ways to use magic was perhaps Constance’s favorite activity ever. From a young age, she had been complimented for her ability to see new possibilities in even the most mundane. She fondly remembered having surprised her parents by using lightning magic to reheat a meal when she was eight years old; a memory which was only somewhat tainted by the burns she had ended up giving herself on her fingers as a result. Today, a few of them were discernible as faint scars, reminding her that she could accomplish anything if she set her mind to it. So what if it burned her? As long as the end result was a net positive, it had to be viewed as a success.However, she had never thought to manipulate any of the syntaxes before; a fact which, now that she considered it, was quite surprising. If anything, that should have been one of the first things she considered, no?Magic syntaxes were the rules of their respective field; the language in which to correctly phrase a formula. Constance’s field of expertise was black magic, but since she had recently begun to dabble in faith magic as well, she knew very well that the syntaxes of the two fields were different from each other. They were not as different as she suspected that the dark magic syntax would be, but for one, black magic did not require prayers in order to complete a spell—while faith magic was shaped around said prayers. Considering what she had recently learned about the faith level theory however, she was beginning to suspect that perhaps that was not the entire truth.She decided to focus her attempts on this very part of faith magic: the prayers. They were what Crow had explicitly referred to in his notes so far, after all.Finding a secluded space in Abyss, Constance set to work.The faith syntax had a pattern of threes: from the outside in, it consisted of three prayers, six celestial entities in two sets of major and minor, six channels of divine essence, and 18 ancient glyphs divided in three groups. These parts were then connected by a string of operators which specified the relationship between them. The major celestial entities were connected to everything else through cross section; the minor ones were connected only to each other, the divine essence and the glyphs; and the prayers were what sealed everything else into a spell.At least, that was what she had been taught during her years in the Royal School of Sorcery.She had also been taught that all of the variables in the syntax, for example the channels of divine essence or celestial entities, could be changed. This was what formulas were for, and ultimately determined what spell would be cast. However, no one had ever said a word about adjusting the syntax itself. In fact,  The Compendium had gone so far as to outright declare it as impossible to even combine vastly different variables with each other. In other words, there were groups of celestial entities which could be considered to ‘belong together’, and combining two entities from groups that were very different was simply not viable according to the author. Constance had questioned that conclusion even before Crow came into the picture, but now, it seemed as though there were bigger, more vital questions to ask.What would happen if she completely excluded the prayers in a faith spell? That must be the first step in her research. She opened up  The Compendium  and turned to the part on the faith syntax, letting her gaze quickly skim over the first few paragraphs until she reached what she was after.Indeed, the prayers are what complete the syntax, binding the strands of magic together and sending them off to the Goddess, who shapes said strands into the correct spell. As explained in Chapter I, faith magic builds upon asking for and being offered help by divinity. Unlike reason magic, where the formula itself is the basis of the spell, thus requiring some measure of analytical prowess from the caster, the success of faith magic depends on the clarity of the formula as well as the caster’s connection to the Goddess and her teachings.Since the output of the spell is the result of divine interference, the faith syntax allows for more precise magic as well as an array of spells which would otherwise exist out of our grasp. Faith magic gives us a taste of the divine for ourselves; a gift that should not be taken for granted.To her great surprise, Constance noticed that there was a note from Crow in the margins; one that she had apparently missed before.

What if the opposite is true? What if the prayers are what lock our own powers away? The faith syntax was created by the Church; has anyone ever dared to question it?

Constance had to read his note over several times, her mouth hanging open as her gaze flicked across the scribbles. He was treading dangerously close to heresy with this comment. But she could see that there was truth to these questions: blindly trusting the inventor of the faith syntax to tell the truth regarding its workings, when that very inventor clearly stood to gain from keeping things to themselves, was naive at best.Although, was that not what she had been doing up until Crow asked his first skeptical questions about faith in the margins? Had she ever before questioned the truths of faith magic?No, she thought with a measure of disappointment in herself, but on the other hand, faith magic had never been her specialty.Dipping her quill in the new special ink, she thought to scribble out a reply to Crow, but caught herself with the quill hanging in the air. Invisible ink dripped down onto the page as she paused to consider what she had just learned.Crow’s notes were definitely forming a pattern at this point. There was no doubt that he was skeptical of the Church, and that he knew secrets about dark magic, but apart from that, she was beginning to see what he neglected to say between the lines.‘Formulas are mere tools, and so they are not rigid.’

‘What if the prayers are what lock our own powers away?’

‘Have you attempted to manipulate the syntax yet?’

‘Look to the elder arts.’There was only one logical conclusion she could draw from his notes so far; a conclusion which he had been hesitant to spell out for her where anyone could read it. And now she could see why. It was a conclusion which, if it came out, could mean serious repercussions from the Church; perhaps even the punishment of death.The conclusion… that the creators of dark magic had somehow managed to cast faith magic without prayers.And that it had unlocked some kind of unmatched power.The quill dropped from her hand and rolled into the middle of the book, leaving a thin trail of invisible ink in the wake of its tip. Constance jerked her hands to her, holding them close to her chest in an attempt to stop them from trembling.Was that what dark magic was? Was that why some called it the magic of heathens?And if that was the case, could she possibly practice such magic?She stared down at the last note she had found from Crow. 'What if the prayers are what lock our own powers away?'Yes, what if? If her assumptions were correct, this was only a rhetorical question; a question which Crow already knew the answer to, and which he expected Constance to figure out on her own. If her assumptions were correct, the prayers did indeed lock away her powers. And in that case... Well...Hadn’t she sworn that she would unravel the mysteries of magic? That she would restore her house and become known as the greatest sorceress throughout history?Indeed she had. And if she turned her back on this opportunity to develop herself and her magical prowess—to access previously unimaginable powers—then was she really worthy of the name of Nuvelle?Constance let out a long, shivering breath, her shoulders dropping markedly. No, there really was no alternative. She simply had to continue exploring this path, wherever it might take her. It would be idiotic to refuse aid from Crow when he so willingly shared his knowledge with her; this chance might never come again.Gripping the quill and turning to the page where Crow had first challenged her to manipulate the syntax, she rapidly scribbled down her assumptions about what he had intended for her to learn from the challenge. She didn’t expect she needed to do an actual attempt at this point; and besides, she was now anxious to return the book to the library so that Crow would reply and tell her whether she was correct in her assumptions or not.As soon as she had finished, Constance returned the book to the library, along with a cryptic note on how to hide and reveal their notes which she hoped Crow would be able to interpret correctly. She had even managed to make their old notes invisible retroactively, with some clever spellwork together with the completely transparent ink that she had created.She really had outdone herself this time; when allowed sufficient time to dry, no one would be able to tell that there was any ink in the margins. In the unlikely event that her magical prowess didn’t reach the potential she was striving for, she could always go into chemistry instead. In the  very unlikely event, that was.

There, our communication is secure, which means that you can now be open with me. I do hope the lightning spell didn't prove too draining for you.

I set out to experiment with the syntax, as you suggested. However, I never came far enough to actually attempt it; I didn’t need to. I can read between the lines, and I see what you are trying to tell me. Dark magic—the kind that you call ‘the elder arts’—stems from faith magic. Someone manipulated the faith syntax and, in doing so, invented an entirely new kind of magic. Correct?

Well, aren’t you clever.

This little trick with the ink is secure enough for our purposes, I suppose. However, if this ends up taking me down, you're going with me, Constance von Nuvelle.

As for the lightning spell itself: In magic, there are always more ways than one to accomplish a single desired effect. In other words, I didn't need to use your spell.

Now, as for the faith and elder syntaxes: You are indeed correct. Long, long ago, an ancient people turned their backs on the goddess. They adapted and developed faith magic into a new art for their own benefit, incorporating reasoning and technology into it. Then they utilized this amalgamation of magics to challenge the goddess and her followers, ultimately leading to the devastation of Fódlan.

The elder arts are more similar to faith magic than what is generally taught to students such as yourself. Black magic is channeled from the outside and in; it draws its power from nature, and binds that power by help of the glyphs within the formula. Faith magic is channeled from the inside and out, with prayers binding the energy instead. Elder magic flows in the same direction as faith magic does, yet here the prayers are excluded completely. Instead, complex algebraic formulas bind the power of a spell.

Elder magic is a twisted and adapted form of faith magic. While the Church’s magic is based in faith in the divine and its mystical powers, elder magic is rooted in knowledge. Practitioners of elder magic throughout history have generally been scholars with a deep seated need to explore the unknown. In other words, one might view elder magic as the antithesis to faith magic; a kind of magic with the aim of taming the power of the divine for our own. We use complex formulas to bend that power to our will. And because of that complexity, it offers a greater measure of control to the caster—leading also to greater risks.

I must say, the way that you describe dark magic is intriguing. A deep seated need to explore the unknown… Are you aware that you are describing me?

The spell you use to uncover our communication, is it dark magic?

I've always been told—warned—that dark magic threatens to consume any who dare try to tame it; that to use it, one must invite darkness itself into one's soul. You clearly practice it, however… what does that say about you?

I do know about your thirst for knowledge. I believe that thirst will aid you greatly in your studies of the elder arts; that is part of why I initiated contact with you.

I did indeed use elder magic to uncover the invisible ink. The elder arts are especially well suited for revealing secrets. But to use a lightning spell for the same purposes… I must admit, I am impressed.

It is not the magic itself that is "dark". Elder magic can be used for good just as well as for evil. Although I must acknowledge that historically, practitioners of elder magic have often had nefarious aims. This can ultimately be traced back to the origins of the arts.

As to where I fall on the spectrum between “good” and “evil”... I’m afraid you’ll have to determine that for yourself.

With all that said… Are you afraid to learn more?

Me? Do you even know whom you are addressing? I am Constance von Nuvelle—I do not shy away from danger!

Regardless, darkness has always been a safe space for me. If there’s anything which threatens to swallow me whole, it is the light.

The light? And why is that?

Oh, never mind that. Tell me more about the elder arts. Who were the people that betrayed the goddess? What do you mean by “the devastation of Fódlan”? Clearly it is not presently devastated! Are the history books on the War of Heroes not to be trusted?

And perhaps most importantly: Are you positing that the goddess does not exist at all?

Certainly the goddess has once existed, and supposedly still exists. But do I believe that she is the one who binds the power of a faith spell? Hardly. The Church wants you to believe that their magic is a mysterious, arcane power the truth of which lies beyond the grasp of ordinary human beings. In reality, magic is a science. It can be studied, it can be grasped, it can be manipulated. Surely you of all people should be aware of this.

I cannot tell you more about the history of the elder arts at this point in time. What I can do is teach you the syntax. You will not find that information in any of the monastery’s books, and while I challenged you to manipulate the faith syntax, it isn’t quite so simple as merely exchanging the prayers for algebraic formulas. While the general idea and the direction of the magical energy are the same, elder magic utilizes other kinds of signs and entities that you might be unfamiliar with. You will need to dedicate much of your time to studying the elder syntax and formulas, including the arithmetics, before you can reliably cast elder spells.

In an attempt to achieve at least some sort of structure, I will continue this in the chapter on “dark” magic - see p. CCXL.

“Ugh! I do not have time for this! I assure you, I would  never kidnap someone—and especially not someone affiliated with the Church!”“Ma’am, please, we’re just exploring all possibilities—”Constance huffed in indignation, refusing to listen to any more of the nonsense spouted by the knight currently blocking her path. Had she truly wanted to, he wouldn’t have presented much of an obstacle, but the audacity with which he accused her of such heinous acts without any grounds could not be allowed to pass by unremarked.“Exploring all possibilities, hm? Oh yes, us Abyssians are always the first suspects, are we not? How very convenient!”“What’s going on here?”Constance turned to see Yuri walking with precise steps toward them from the shadows in the nearby tunnel, cape swaying behind him.“Yuri! Am I ever glad to see you. This knight from the surface is questioning Abyssians as to the whereabouts of Flayn. He is blocking my path, demanding that I tell him about my alibi since last night. Once again, the Church shows just how much faith they have in us!” She turned back to glare at the knight. “I assure you that I am just as worried as everyone else, but we have it all under control here. Right, Yuri?”Yuri cocked his head to the side, sizing up the knight—who was beginning to squirm under his gaze. Constance noticed with a flash of satisfaction that the way in which Yuri had calmly placed a hand on the hilt of his sword had not passed the knight by unnoticed.“That’s right,” Yuri said. “We’re doing our own hunting. I’ve had some of my people search for her throughout the underground, but to no avail. You’re welcome to search as well, but please leave the Abyssians out of it unless you have just cause to question them.”The knight moistened his lips, gaze moving between the two of them. He was clearly considering whether to follow his orders or do as the underground leader asked of him; a choice that, in Constance’s eyes, should have been easy.When he didn’t reply, Yuri silently raised his eyebrows, causing the knight to finally step to the side.“I’m sorry, ma’am,” he said before turning fully toward Yuri. “I’ll tell the others to keep to the tunnels and abstain from questioning civilians, if possible.”“Thank you,” Yuri said, pulling one of his most pleasant smiles—which Constance instantly saw was faux. At least it did the trick; the knight scurried away around the corner, leaving them alone at last.Constance exhaled a long breath, turning to Yuri in exasperation. “I grow weary of this, Yuri. As soon as something happens, the knights burst into Abyss… Do we really stand so low in their eyes?”He shook his head, then wrapped an arm around her shoulder and started leading her down the tunnel toward Burrow Street.“Abyss is the town of fugitives,” he said. “You may not be among the shadier ones, milady—forgive the pun—but we do have all kinds of criminals here. Besides, Abyss is a sprawling underground world that the Church is—for the most part—locked away from. Who knows how many hidden passageways exist down here… or anywhere around the monastery, for that matter. It makes sense to check them, yeah?”She supposed there was some truth to his words. The moment that Flayn—sister to the Archbishop’s second-in-command, Seteth—had disappeared, a monastery-wide alert had gone out. All gates out of the monastery had been firmly shut, and knights swarmed even the surface in their search for the girl. Half a day had passed since then, but Constance had barely even caught word of Flayn’s disappearance before the knights had rumbled in through one of the few passageways remaining into Abyss. Yuri had found and blocked most of them soon after they’d made this their home, but the Church naturally knew about the main one.“I suppose,” she relented. “However, we  do have an agreement with the Church, correct?”Yuri nodded slowly while they walked. “We do. They won’t interfere with our affairs so long as we don’t interfere with theirs. But I’d say this is an acceptable exception to the rule. And in fact, some of the people I’ve talked to today have admitted to seeing strange things.” He paused. “Well… unusually strange things, for Abyss. Someone mentioned an old guy with a staff; someone else a masked man carrying a sickle. Something weird’s definitely going on.”They had now reached the edge of the main street. Here, Yuri slowed their pace, stepped in front of her and gently gripped her shoulders.“You should go see what you can do to help. Show some good faith.” He looked over his shoulder, briefly scanning the people walking along Burrow Street. “Myself, I’m going to check on Hapi. I’m worried this whole thing brings back bad memories for her.”He glanced back toward her for a moment to flash her a quick smile, then patted her shoulder before starting to stroll toward the street. “Good luck with the search.”“Thank you,” Constance replied before sighing and going after him, although she steered her steps toward the main entrance instead.She felt slightly ashamed that she wasn’t more worried about Flayn’s disappearance. Constance had yet to even speak with the girl, and so while she knew that she was incredibly important to the Archbishop and Seteth, feelings of worry or fear did not come naturally to her. In truth—and this was not something she would ever confess if confronted about it—the whole ordeal was an annoying distraction from her elder magic studies.Finally, Crow had begun to teach her the fundamentals. It was slow in the beginning, since she had never even touched on the subject before, but the more she learned, the more she realized just how similar elder magic was to faith magic. Perhaps if she had studied faith magic for as long as she had studied black magic, she might have had an easier time with it.Or possibly not, considering that the most difficult part of elder magic so far had turned out to be the algebra. Her black magic studies had introduced her to some basic arithmetic concepts, but this… This was on an entirely different level. Crow spoke of things she had never even heard of before: square roots, exponents, equations… And whenever she complained, he reminded her that the algebra was the very part of elder magic which enabled the caster to unlock true power. Without it, there was no purpose in attempting to use elder magic.‘Naturally, this leads to a considerably higher complexity compared to the other two magic types,’ Crow had told her in the margins. ‘Faith magic and black magic utilize a higher level of abstraction, while elder magic is tied very closely to the primal sources of magic. However, this complexity is also what allows us to go straight to that source and take advantage of the full extent of its power.’Of course, Constance was not a quitter. She was rather the opposite, in fact; so much so that she had lost quite a lot of sleep in the past two weeks.Not that the algebra was the only perpetrator in that matter. Oh, no. When she wasn’t lying in her bed at night thinking about algebraic expressions, she was kept awake by thoughts of Crow and what his true identity might be.She could already exclude the rest of the Ashen Wolves, her comrades in Abyss. For one, she had determined that it couldn’t be Yuri; he had little interest in this kind of research, and there was nothing whatsoever in his manner these days which suggested that he was keeping such a gigantic secret from her.Besides, Yuri knew about her affliction with sunlight, but Crow had asked her what she meant when she referred to it. That also excluded Balthus as well as Hapi—even though Hapi did know a fair bit of dark magic. Constance knew that Hapi used her powers begrudgingly; she would never dig this deeply into something which brought her so many painful memories.No, it had to be a surface dweller, or possibly someone she didn’t know in Abyss. Due to Crow’s clear dismay with the Church, it was highly unlikely that he was one of the Church’s supporters. That excluded most faith mages, except for the ones who were in it for entirely different reasons—such as Linhardt, whose two main purposes in life seemed to be research and naps. Yes, Linhardt had not yet been eliminated from her list of possible identities. Neither had Sylvain; he clearly knew more about magic than he was letting on, and he didn’t seem too infatuated with the Church either. There could definitely be something dark hiding beneath that flirtatious exterior.Apart from that… she was still in the dark. Until she knew more about Crow, she wouldn’t be able to figure out his true identity. Which, while slightly aggravating, was something she could live with for now.Exiting the hidden entryway to Abyss, Constance caught sight of Professor Byleth. He was striding purposefully toward the entrance, but stopped as their gazes locked. Constance walked up to meet him; it wouldn’t do to converse at length right outside such an important secret.“Professor,” she said. “Are you searching for Flayn, as well?”Byleth nodded. “Have you seen anything out of the ordinary lately, Constance?”Constance sighed dramatically, taking out her fan and extending it with a flick of her wrist before slowly beginning to fan herself. “If by ‘anything out of the ordinary’ you mean ‘a herd of Seiros knights falling over themselves to accuse us of the disappearance with little regard for either our integrity or rules of evidence’, then yes, I have seen it!”To her aggravation, the professor smiled. “I understand why that would be annoying, but I’m sure they don’t mean to put any blame on you. We are all just doing our best to find Flayn.”“Yes, yes, I know,” Constance relented, suddenly grateful for the cool breeze created by her fan. “We do have our fair share of shady characters coming and going…”“Professor!”Constance raised her gaze at the same time as Byleth turned toward the voice. The hotheaded boy in their house, Caspar, had come to a halt in his run just a few feet away. It wasn’t foreign to see the boy running around from time to time, but this once he was panting so hard that his nostrils fluttered, and if Constance hadn’t known better, she would have said his eyes were glowing red.“Caspar?”“You need to hurry! I heard a scream from Professor Jeritza's room! Edelgard and the others are already on their way!”Before he had even finished speaking, the professor had taken off in the direction of the teachers’ quarters. Caspar wasn’t far behind. Constance hesitated for a second—should she get involved or not?—before quickly deciding that whatever they would find at their destination might require her magical prowess. She tucked away her fan and began to run.Since she usually went to battle on top of a pegasus, Constance was not nearly as physically fit as Byleth or Caspar. She lagged behind more and more for each second, and when she finally arrived outside Professor Jeritza’s room, the others had already had more than enough time to take in the scene. All of the Black Eagles were there, blocking Constance’s vision inside the room; she tried to stand on her tiptoes to at least catch a glimpse, but to no avail.“Is she injured?” Byleth asked, sounding perfectly calm and not at all out of breath. It was entirely unfair.“She's unconscious,” Edelgard’s serious voice replied from inside the room. “Someone clearly attacked her.”“Look at her hand,” she heard Hubert’s voice say next. “It looks as though she is pointing at something... There.”“There's an opening behind that shelf. Perhaps a secret passageway…”“Does this mean Professor Jeritza did it?” Caspar whisper-shouted. “Could he also have kidnapped Flayn?!”“We need to take Manuela to the infirmary,” Byleth said firmly. “Edelgard. Will you help me carry her?”“Understood. I’ll support her head.”Constance moved out of the way together with the rest of the Black Eagles as Byleth and Edelgard carried an unconscious Professor Manuela out of Jeritza’s room. From what Constance could see, there were no visible marks on her, but she looked as pale as a ghost.“What in the world?” Constance breathed.“We will be back shortly,” Byleth said, pausing outside the room for a moment to give them all a serious look. “Be careful. Don’t do anything rash.”Before they left, Constance saw Edelgard send a significant look toward Hubert. What it meant, she could only surmise; as soon as the princess and the professor were out of sight, Edelgard’s retainer immediately took command.“We need to investigate this passageway,” he said, striding further into the room.The group of students had dispersed enough that Constance could now walk inside and see the scene for herself. The room was in a disarray, with a bookcase knocked to the side and all of the books sprawled on the floor. Behind where the bookcase had been was a gaping hole leading downward into darkness.“Sh-shouldn’t we call for the knights?” the perpetually anxious Bernadetta asked.“We don't have time,” Hubert said. “It would be on us if the culprit escaped. It is also likely that we will find Flayn at the end of this path. If she has been taken hostage, she should be alive; at least for now. There would be no point to abducting her if simple murder was the objective. However, the longer we dawdle here…”“That settles it!” Caspar exclaimed. “We’ll take the offensive. Here we come, you monsters!”With that, he ran straight into the opening in the wall, his steps echoing off the walls all the way down the path. Ferdinand and Petra ran in right after him; Linhardt yawned before following. Bernadetta looked as if she was ready to faint, but Dorothea locked arms with her and gave her a few words of courage, and then they walked together into the darkness.All Constance could think was, did that path lead down into Abyss? Had the perpetrators used her place of refuge for their nefarious deeds all this time? Was Yuri aware of this entryway into his city of misfits?Hubert watched as they all entered the dark entrance. When only he and Constance were left, he turned his piercing gaze toward her.“Shall we?”Constance blinked at him. If this did indeed lead down into Abyss, then as a citizen of that town and as the right hand to its leader, she had a responsibility to clear her fellow Abyssians from any suspicion—and protect her class from any dangers that might lurk in the shadows.Straightening subconsciously with these conclusions, Constance found herself smirking at Hubert, whose gaze was still locked to hers.“Indeed we shall!”As she watched him, a crooked smirk slowly grew on his lips. He scoffed and turned to the hole in the wall. “Come on, then.”As the other Black Eagles took in the dusky underground chamber in awe, Constance swallowed down an uncomfortable lump of anxiety. She knew this terrain; this was definitely a part of Abyss. Yet she had never before seen this place, and she doubted that Yuri had, either.She let her gaze move across the dark stone panels on the floor; she recognized one of them as a warp panel, others as healing panels. She came to a stop when her gaze reached Hubert, however. While he was looking around just as the others, something about his facial expression made her pause. He didn’t look speechless or awe-inspired; he simply looked… perplexed.“I never would have imagined… This place is—”“Look! There’s Flayn! And… Is that another student?”Constance looked where Ferdinand was pointing, only to notice for the first time that part of one of the walls was decorated with a long row of bars, offering plenty of sight into the smaller room on the other side. Peering through them, she could see that two figures were indeed lying unconscious on the stone floor on the other side, next to a group of crates, a long table and chairs that looked as though they had been haphazardly placed along parts of the table. One of the unconscious figures had light, almost greenish hair in thick braids; if that wasn’t Flayn, she didn’t know who it could possibly be. The other student she couldn’t recognize however; she was too far away.Something moved in the corner of that room, and the other students seemed to notice it around the same time as she did, for they all crouched down in an attempt to hide from the line of sight of the man on the other side of the bars. Constance held her breath as she watched Death himself stride toward a horse as black as his armor, expertly wielding his long scythe even as he mounted the stallion. He glanced toward the unconscious girls, revealing a face covered by a dark skull mask with horns.Constance could feel Bernadetta trembling beside her. She reached out in an attempt to reassure her, but it had the opposite effect; the girl shrieked and jumped several inches in the air.The Death Knight’s head snapped around to locate the source of the noise, and for the longest moment in Constance’s life, the red gaze from his mask locked with hers.She saw him raise an armored hand, and in the next second, a purple glowing magic circle appeared on the ground below him. Even though her muscles were frozen, her mind rapidly took in the algebra along the outer parts of the circle.

“Constance!”Something hard and heavy shoved her out of the way a fraction of a second before the dark spell zinged past where she had just stood. She let out an involuntary grunt as her back hit the hard stone floor, squeezing her eyes closed at the sudden pain. A hand shook her shoulder, causing her eyes to flutter open again. Ferdinand was crouched above her, his own eyes wide and searching.“Are you alright?!”She blinked up at him, mind in a strange kind of haze. “I… yes,” she said. “Thank… you.”Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that the others had moved away further into the chamber, where battle had begun with a group of unknown enemies. Sounds of swords clashing and spells whistling through the air already filled the chamber, bouncing off the walls.Ferdinand stood and extended a hand to her. She stared at it, mind still reeling, until he grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet. She groaned as her back protested slightly. But she knew this kind of pain; it would not last for long.“Who are you?” Ferdinand asked, searching her face intently.“I…” She parted her lips, grasping after something in her mind. “I am… Constance von Nuvelle.”Apparently that was the correct response, for his eyes filled with determination. “Exactly! So show them the might of your magic!”With that, he was off to join the others, pulling an axe off a holster on his back as he ran. Even without his trusty steed, Ferdinand von Aegir was a force to be reckoned with.And so was she.She could consider the implications of the elder magic-wielding death knight later; right now, she needed to stay on the alert and get her classmates through the catacombs safely.Taking a deep breath, she ran after Ferdinand. She passed Bernadetta and Linhardt first; they were both taking cover behind two pillars, though neither of them shunned their responsibilities. Bernadetta—while panting in fear as she gathered her courage—soon leaned out from her hiding spot to fire several well-aimed arrows toward another archer. And Linhardt didn’t even have to peer out behind the pillar to cast his healing spells; he could do it with his eyes closed.Caspar was the furthest ahead, along with Ferdinand, who just now came to his rescue by using his axe to block a lance aimed at Caspar’s head. Petra was duelling another sword fighter, and Dorothea stood further to the right, covering the others with her black spells. Constance headed toward the left side of the room.Only to be stopped by an arm shooting out right in front of her.“Stay back,” Hubert commanded her while raising his other arm to cast a fire spell at one of the archers currently bothering Linhardt. “Get behind cover.”Constance would have argued with him, were it not for the lethal attacks raining down all around her. An arrow landed just beside her right foot; she dodged to the left and quickly gathered the natural strands of magic around her to channel a lightning spell that she fired back at the archer. He stumbled back with a yell before falling over in spasms, no doubt meeting a painful electrical death.Hubert gave her a quick glance. “A fine display, I’ll readily admit.”She nonchalantly flipped her hair, although she couldn’t help but smile. “Peerless, as usual!”His gaze moved away again. “Now get back. You’re too fragile.”Constance scoffed as he stepped in front of her and fired another magical projectile toward an enemy. Fragile? Really now!She nearly pushed him aside again, but then thought better of it. She may not agree with Hubert’s sentiments, but in the absence of Edelgard and the professor, the tactician of the Black Eagles was also their commander.So instead, she stepped back into the cover of a pillar, throwing out her arms to gather more magic strands from her surroundings. She closed her eyes and let the sounds of battle fade as she concentrated on the targets she could feel nearby, lightning magic already sparking in her open palms. Her classmates had the closest ones under lock and key, so she could safely focus on one further ahead.She locked on to another mage; from this distance, few could counter her attacks. With a smile, she channeled the magic into the correct formula for a bolting spell. Feeling the magical energy surge through her body, she leaned her head back and raised her hands up straight toward the sky, forming the magic into a focused orb of electricity. She clapped her hands together, throwing her arms out with a yell as she sent the magic toward its target several rooms away.Even from such a distance, she could feel the familiar tingles throughout her body as the spell hit home and fried the mage through and through. She opened her eyes with a smirk, letting the sounds around her return with full force.“A worthy death,” she said, although the spell had taken a toll on her, and she had to shoot out a hand to support herself against the pillar. The strongest lightning spells she knew were so powerful they could drain her completely unless she paced herself, and that absolutely wouldn’t do in a situation as lethal as this one.There was one advantage to allowing herself a short break, however; she had the time to consider how to go about the battle. While Hubert was both their tactician and their commander in this instance, Constance was without a doubt the most knowledgeable about their surroundings. While her classmates busied themselves with fighting off the nearest foes, she carefully scouted the area.Up ahead, and where Hubert was likely leading them, was a firmly closed gate. Through its bars, she could see what looked like a narrow corridor leading to more gates. Knowing Abyss, these catacombs could very well be labyrinth-like in their design. If their foes knew which paths led where—which they likely did—that would spell an enormous disadvantage for the Black Eagles. Not to mention that the gate, as of right now, was likely locked—meaning that the mages on the other side could keep safely casting spells at them while they attempted to unlock it. Was there any way that they could overcome that disadvantage, and surprise the death knight somehow?She looked to her right, from whence they had come. She had seen two warp panels so far—one in this room and one in the room they had first entered—but only the first one looked active. Trying it would be risky, especially since it might very well be a trap. But in the slight chance that it wasn’t…Turning to look around the other corner, she sent a harmless spray of ice toward the floor in front of Hubert, hoping to catch his attention. Even as he kept firing spells, his head turned and his gaze snapped to hers. His eyes, which so very much reminded her of those of a reptile, asked her a clear question:  What? “I recognize the traps and devices around here,” she called, back pressed against the pillar. “I believe I know an alternate path.”He dodged to the side, closer to her, just as an arrow was fired straight toward his chest. Retorting with another blast of fire, he merely glanced at her as the opponent fell.“Do it,” he said. “Take Petra with you.”“What? But she is the only one who can pick locks—”“Exactly,” he interrupted while casting another spell, his gaze fixed on the enemy. “And you might need her.” He called for Petra’s attention. “Macneary! Go with Constance!”The other girl nodded firmly, sheathed her sword and her bow and began running toward them. Trusting the tactician to have a solid reason for his choice, Constance led the way, dodging spells and arrows on the battlefield as she guided Petra back to the very first room. She didn’t stop running until she stood by the stone panel in the innermost corner. It glowed with a faint pattern that she recognized from the ones she had seen in Abyss. Which, considering that these chambers were likely  part of Abyss, was to be expected.Petra eyed her warily. “How am I knowing that I am not running into a trap?”Constance briefly considered reaching out with her magic to search for targets, but it would be of little help, since she had no way of knowing where the warp panel led.“I'm afraid you don’t,” she said simply.Then she stepped onto the panel, readying a spell even as she felt the familiar feeling of ancient magic envelop her. As it covered her eyes in temporary darkness, she had the stray thought that perhaps the warp panels were crafted with elder magic.She sprang forward as soon as she found herself in a new chamber, locking eyes with an armored knight who jumped as she appeared. As she fired the first ice spell she could think of, freezing both feet of her foe, she had the thought that if this was a trap, it certainly wasn’t a well-planned one. After ending the man’s life with another spell aimed at his head, she reached out with her magic to sense her surroundings, but could feel no immediate threats around her. Had they posted a single man to guard this room? How far away had they warped? She couldn’t even sense her housemates anymore.For a moment, the room was eerily silent, now that the single foe inside of it lay dead at her feet. Then Petra appeared behind her, stumbling to the side and catching herself against the wall. She stared at the dead knight for a second or two before her gaze flickered up to meet Constance’s.“That was fast,” she said.“I expected a surprise attack,” Constance replied, placing her hands on her hips. “Apparently he didn’t!”Petra looked like she was about to say something, but then one of her hands shot up to grab at her head as a grimace twisted her features. Constance considered giving her a moment, since she knew firsthand how disorienting the first time using a warp panel could be, but the thought of the ongoing battle made her decide to push on.The room narrowed into a long corridor lit by wall-mounted candelabras. Constance gestured for Petra to follow her before moving into a half-run down the corridor, hands ready to fire if needed. The corridor made two sharp turns to the left, hiding no more foes, before eventually ending with another warp panel. Petra made a small huff in displeasure.“The first time is always the worst,” Constance assured her before stepping onto the panel.This time, she barely had time to gauge her new surroundings before an arrow flew straight toward her face. She yelled, throwing up a barrier of ice in front of her without thinking. The arrow helplessly bounced off the ice and plinked off into the wall beside her. A sharp breath and the sound of an arrow being pulled from a quiver behind her told her that Petra had arrived sooner this time, and so she stepped to the side and started on a new spell while her housemate fired three arrows in rapid succession. Their opponent dodged out of the way for the first two, but Petra must have anticipated the movement, for the third arrow buried itself in the other archer’s upper arm. As he screamed and stumbled to the side, a trembling hand going to the arrow lodged in his flesh, Constance let out a gleeful laugh.“That shall do nicely!”Just for good measure, she fired an attack of her own; a lightning spell that made quick work of the opponent, who fell to the floor in spasms. She much preferred to take lives with lightning rather than with ice, since the former tended to be much less gruesome than the latter.Letting her ice barrier melt into water and wash away into the floor drains along the wall, Constance strode over to the archer and carefully used her magic to sense for any life signs. She couldn’t sense any from him, but there was another figure somewhere nearby.“We are not alone,” she told Petra.The other girl nodded before walking over to the gate at the end of the corridor. She tried the handle, but it didn’t seem to budge. Getting down on her knees, she pulled out her lock picking tools from a pouch and got to work on the lock.“Cover me.”“I shall take it from here,” she assured her with a smile.She had been able to narrow down the location of the figure she sensed now; it was on the other side of the wall, probably in the next room. From the feel of it, it must be another archer, for it made a movement as if drawing arrows from a quiver on its back.As Petra stood and tucked her tools away, Constance leaned in and lowered her voice.“Archer in the next room. I’ll distract them as we enter.”“Alright,” she said, tugging the gate open.Together, they made their way through another corridor and defeated the remaining archer, and after another locked gate that Petra picked in a few seconds, they arrived in a large open chamber much different from the narrow corridors they had come from. She could sense no one else in the room, but the first thing Constance saw was a large lever nearby that she recognized as the kind of contraption that would enable or disable traps in the more dangerous parts of Abyss. Other than that, there were several inactive warp panels along the walls; she could count to six all in all, tucked into neat little pockets between walls that jutted out just a few feet.“If I were to make an educated guess, I’d wager that switch will activate the warp panels,” she mused aloud.Petra made a move toward the switch.“No!” Constance exclaimed, causing the other girl to freeze halfway there and turn to her in confusion.“But this will make the others able to come to us, yes?”Constance’s gaze flickered between the warp panels in the room. “Yes,” she allowed, “but the same will be true for our opponents. If this switch activates all of the warp panels, we could quickly be swarmed by foes from all directions. Not to mention, we have no idea which panels lead where.”Petra hesitated, then nodded and took a step back again. “Yes. What do we do?”Constance took a deep breath and tried to think. Should they just risk it? Judging by the actions of their opponents so far, they didn’t seem to have planned for any of this, or they would have been better prepared for her and Petra. It  could be that none of them would know what to do when the panels activated…On the other hand, the fact that they had stationed a handful of foes in the corridors leading into this room told her that they were aware of both the panels and the switch. They couldn’t possibly have neglected to take them into account. And if the death knight had managed to kidnap Flayn and another student completely unnoticed, then he must be intelligent; intelligent enough to plan for the event that someone would find them and attempt to use the warp panels.But they had come this far, and there was no alternative. They needed to activate the switch. The question then was, what could they do to mitigate the risks?She gathered the strands of magic around her to prepare a spell.“I close off all of the paths except two,” she said. “We activate the switch, and take one path each. If they are a dead end, or if we run into enemies on the other side, we warp back and close off those paths before trying new ones. If one of us finds the room where our housemates are, we tell them to use the warp panel so we can reunite in this room and try the next panels together. Surely one of these panels must lead somewhere past the first gate!”“Agreed,” Petra said, drawing her sword. “Which path am I taking?”Constance shot out her hands in front of her to build a large and thick ice barrier in front of one of the paths, making sure to block it off completely before moving on to the next one. After three of them, she had to take a moment to breathe, leaning against a wall for support. She wasn’t used to expending so much energy in so short a time, but it was absolutely crucial that no mere sword or arrow could break through the ice. If another ice or fire mage entered the room, the barrier would be water in an instance, but at least it was better than nothing.As she recharged, she pointed toward the very first panel from the left. “I take this one,” she said, then pointed to the one beside it, “and you take that one. We have no clues to tell us which panel goes where, so we’ll simply have to try them in order.”Petra walked up to the panel she’d been assigned. “Ready when you are.”Constance pushed off from the wall and gathered more strands of magic from around her to create one last barrier of ice. She was panting when it was over, but there was no time to rest now. They had no idea how their housemates were doing; for all she knew, they could be about to be defeated any moment.I’m a Nuvelle, she thought to herself with a decisive nod as she walked up to the switch. I can do this!With a grunt, she pulled the switch toward her. It made a satisfying clicking sound, and then all of the warp panels around them lit up all at once.“Go!” she called to Petra, who immediately stepped onto the warp panel in front of her. Hopefully the third time wouldn’t be as disorienting to her as the first.Constance ran toward the first little nook and onto her own panel, closing her eyes as the familiar darkness enveloped her. She had learned through the years that it helped somewhat with the motion sickness.When she opened her eyes again, two other pairs of eyes met them. She quickly gauged her opponents: two mages, already readying their spells. This was a new room, nowhere close to her housemates it seemed, and her only options were to stay and fight or to step back onto the panel.But as she did the latter, she quickly realised she had forgotten one vital piece of information.The warp panels needed at least a few seconds to recharge before they could be used again.She threw herself to the side, more clumsily than she would have liked, just before two sets of spells shot out toward where she had just stood. Her gaze was drawn to the circles beneath the mages’ feet. Elder magic.To say that she was inexperienced in fighting this kind of foe would be an understatement. She might have fought many mages in the past, but never before one who knew elder magic. She allowed herself a quiet curse word over how stupid she had been to never practice fighting with Hapi. She’d fought Yuri many times, but for some reason the idea of practicing with Hapi had never hit her.In the end, though, elder mages couldn’t be much different than faith or black mages, right?Too worn out to dodge a second time, she brought up a thin ice barrier instead, but it was shattered in less than five seconds. Casting a second one, she pushed herself to her feet and stumbled back toward the warp panel. Just… a few… more steps…Of course, she might just run into even more foes back in the warp room, but she had to do  something.  She couldn’t fight in this sorry state. What had she been thinking? Certainly she was one of the strongest mages at Garreg Mach, but even she had her limits!Spells bounced against the walls around her, her ice barrier keeping her safe from harm for now. As she stepped onto the panel and felt the magic begin to envelop her, however, she heard the terrible crash of ice shattering, and in the moment that the panel began to transport her, something hit her clean in the back of her right thigh. She opened her mouth to scream, but the sound was completely swallowed by the magic as it wrapped around her body, drowning everything out but the pain.

Constance screamed out, staggering forward blindly as the magic released its hold and she arrived back in the warp room. Disoriented by the pain in her thigh, she stumbled into another body, hands immediately locking around her upper arms like vices. She was just about to form a spell to protect herself when a familiar voice called out nearby.“Constance!” Petra.  She wasn’t the one holding her however, and judging by the concern in her voice, Constance might very well have stepped right into the arms of another elder mage. Her hands crackled with electrical energy, ready to attack, even though all she wanted to do was curl up on the floor and whine at the sharp pain in her thigh.“I,” she gasped, trying to catch her breath, “I will not go down so easily—”“Save your energy,” a male voice commanded above her. Gritting her teeth, she looked up at the face of the man who had locked her in place with his hands.Two light green lizard eyes stared down at her from a face framed by curtains of dark hair.  Hubert. All at once, she let go of the magic and allowed her muscles to go slack. It wasn’t so much a conscious decision as it was an attempt by her body to save itself from burning out completely. Hubert’s grip was strong enough to stop her from collapsing to the floor; instead, he carefully lowered her down until she was lying on her back with her legs straight.“Linhardt,” he demanded. “The back of her leg.”“On it.”Constance let out a trembling breath as Linhardt crouched down beside her and she felt his white magic begin to warm her thigh. She didn’t know how bad it was, and she didn’t  want to know. She trusted that Linhardt would be able to heal it.Her mind already a bit clearer, she blinked up at Hubert, who had his gaze focused on the warp panel she had just come through.“I can close it off,” she offered weakly, causing his gaze to return to her.“Don’t be reckless,” he snapped. “You’ve depleted your energy. We’ll take it from here.”Before she could answer, he turned his head to bark commands at what she presumed to be the rest of the Black Eagles. Constance sighed and closed her eyes; she didn’t like being told she couldn’t go on, but this time she simply didn’t have the energy to argue. Instead, she listened as Petra explained what Constance had said about the warp panels earlier, then let herself be carefully pulled back to her feet when Linhardt had finished healing her.It was a strange thing, being healed by magic; while she could somehow sense the memory of pain clearly, she knew that it was just a ghost and not real. No agony shot through her when she shifted her weight onto the right leg.Hubert let go of her and took a step back to gauge her strength. She smiled and straightened her back, hoping it would give off the impression that she could continue fighting, but it clearly didn't fool him.“We don’t have time to get you back to safety,” he said, “but you need to stay out of danger for the rest of this battle. And that's final,” he added when she opened her mouth to argue.She promptly closed it again. Fine. She would stay behind the others, but if he thought that she would just watch from the sidelines, he was sorely mistaken.Hubert made as if to turn, then paused and glanced back at her. “You did well.”As he turned away fully this time, Constance silently huffed in exasperation. She did  well?  Without her, they would still be stuck in front of the very first gate!Hubert melted the barrier to the next warp panel, giving Constance one last glance before stepping onto it. She watched as the others followed suit, and was fully prepared to go last, but then Ferdinand stepped behind her in line.“I’ve got your back,” he assured her in that confident voice of his, and she didn’t have the energy to bother arguing, so she simply accepted it and stepped onto the panel before him.This warp panel turned out to lead into another large room filled with enemies. Acknowledging that her energy reserves were low, Constance dove in behind the nearest cover and kept watch over her housemates as they fought. Led by Hubert, the other Black Eagles managed to defeat all of the remaining enemies and push through to the other end of the room. Using her lightning magic, Constance determined that Flayn was in the next room; only a locked gate in solid wood stood in their way.“I can have it be opened,” Petra offered helpfully, pulling out one of her lock picks. Hubert waved for her to lower her hand.“Don’t go near the gate. There may be traps waiting for us.” He looked over his shoulder. “Bernadetta.”“Eek!”Constance watched as the tiny archer slipped behind Dorothea, trembling in fear of the tactician. Whatever Hubert had wanted to ask of her, the look on his face now showed that he was quickly reconsidering his alternatives. As his gaze moved across the group, Constance took a step forward, drawing everyone’s gazes to her.“Fear not!” she exclaimed with a triumphant smile, even as she threw out her arms to begin a bolting spell. “I shall cast one of my mightiest spells directly at the knight. Grant me but a puny five seconds, and I shall cause his heart to beat its last in my magical grip.”Only a handful of sparks had gathered in her hands when Hubert strode up to her and clasped her arms to her sides, interrupting her spell. She glared, about to scold him, but the fury in his face stopped her. His eyebrows were tightly knit together over his eyes, his upper lip twitching almost as if he was about to growl at her.“Are you mad?!”His fingers dug painfully into her upper arms, causing her to let out an involuntary whimper in pain. He released her then, but his anger did not falter.“What part about ‘you’ve depleted your energy’ is it that you don’t understand? If you cast a powerful spell right now, you may very well die from the exertion!”Perhaps she should have stepped down; right now, he was their commander. And yet something about the way he spoke to her made her want to challenge this mantle of authority he had so easily clasped around his shoulders. Something about the way he assumed things about her made her even more determined to disprove him. Instead of backing down, she raised her chin defiantly.“Thank you for your concern,” she said coldly, “but I believe I know my limits.”She already felt like she had regained much of her power; perhaps she was not at her very best, but she was certainly strong enough to cast one spell!His nostrils flared. “Are you so stupidly stubborn that you are willing to risk your own life—”“Watch out!” Caspar called.Constance’s gaze flicked to the gate behind Hubert’s back just as it burst off its hinges, flying straight toward them. She reacted on pure instinct, throwing her arms out and calling on the magic around her to create a barrier of ice around the two of them.The gate crashed into the barrier and shattered the ice before continuing straight into Hubert’s back, sending him flying into her. They slammed into the wall on the other side of the room; pain blasted through her back and air whooshed out of her lungs, and if she had been able to scream, she would have, as the agony was so intense that everything around her went dark.  I’ve broken every last bone in my body. I must have.  In the distance, sounds of battle could be heard, although she had no way of determining how her housemates were faring.A voice called her name from far away; then Hubert’s name. She tried to move, but aside from the pain shooting through her spine, another body weighed her down as well, crushing her lungs inside her chest. Was he…?“Relax,” the voice said, nearer now, and she could recognize it as Linhardt. “It will all be over soon.”She whimpered as the tingling warmth of white magic touched her skin a second time before digging deeper, reaching for her bones, and she forced herself to do as he said and relax. Slowly, the agony unfurled and diminished, Linhardt’s magic bringing back her other senses as it relieved her of the worst pain. A low groan sounded near her ear, and then she felt Hubert move. He carefully pushed himself up onto his hands above her, allowing her to draw new oxygen into her lungs; and although it still hurt to move, the relief of being able to breathe freely was without comparison.She looked up and met a gaze that was as hard and cold as ice, before it softened somewhat as Hubert let out a sigh—and then a pained groan, with his face twisting into a wince.“You’ll be fine,” Linhardt said. “Just try not to move too much. I need to…”His magic faded together with his voice as he left them to themselves once again, no doubt running to heal someone else in the midst of battle. One glance to her left told her that her housemates were still holding their own against the last couple of enemies, but who knew how long that would last?Hubert sat back on his knees beside her and offered her a hand. Her first instinct was to glare suspiciously, but she had learned her lesson—they were still in the midst of battle, and she couldn’t afford to be petty. She took his hand and let him pull her up, first into a sitting position, and then all the way to her feet. When she wobbled slightly, he reached out to grab her left elbow with his other hand, steadying her.“Thank you,” she mumbled as she pulled back, letting the gentle press of his hands fade as they fell from her.Her gaze was drawn to the remains of the gate spread out around them. It had seemingly split in two larger parts before splintering further after the first impact. Hubert must have taken a horrible hit to his back.“You likely saved our lives with your ice spell,” he said, as though he had heard her thoughts. “I can appreciate that… Even though this wouldn’t have happened if you had stayed in line and not given in to your hubris.”She scoffed. “If I recall correctly, you were the one who turned your back on the enemy.”“Yes, how thoughtless of me,” he drawled, his noble lilt making it sound as though he had dipped his words in viscous sarcasm before uttering them. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I believe I’m needed elsewhere.”He raised his right hand and, with a well-practiced flick of his wrist, warped himself away from her and into the thick of battle. Never having mastered such arts herself, Constance ran toward the others, wincing at the remnants of pain flashing in her body as she did. She stopped well out of range of any of the enemy attacks, knowing that she would never survive a hit in this state. From outside the final room, she could not see how many enemies were left undefeated; she would need to resort to her sixth sense.Closing her eyes, she tried to gather the strands of magic around her into a spell; tried feeling around for the knight, to see whether he was still alive. It drained more energy than usual to simply channel the magic, but after several painful moments, she had gathered enough magic that she could identify each of the bodies nearby. There was Hubert, and the other Black Eagles, moving quickly as they dodged attacks and fired their own in return… And there was another figure, only one, unidentified but shining bright with power. It must be the death knight. She zeroed in on his shape and prepared to send a last bolt of lightning toward him, even if it would mean her death—when something else caught her attention.She could sense  Edelgard in the chamber.At first, she thought that perhaps it was just a hallucination of sorts, or a misinterpretation. Her lightning magic was strong, but it could not reliably identify someone to a certainty of one hundred percent. Instead, it relied on simple cues which Constance had learned to interpret and which usually gave her more accurate readings the better she knew the target. If her target was a housemate, then the fact that she had fought alongside them and learned their quirks would usually mean that she could estimate their identity even through her magic. Edelgard was one of the easiest to sense, since Constance had studied her in more detail; and thus…The sounds around her were always dampened when she went into this mental state, but now everything was eerily silent. She opened her eyes, expecting everything to rush back to her, but all she could hear was muffled speaking. She half-ran, half-stumbled the last distance until she reached the doorway where the wooden gate had been. Between the backs of Dorothea and Bernadetta, she discerned Hubert and the knight, as well as a third figure, who was clad in black and red garbs and a masked helmet with a long, red plume extending backward from its top and falling in an arc toward the floor.As Constance watched, the Death Knight made a similar gesture as the one Hubert had made earlier, then disappeared as he warped himself out of sight. The garbed stranger turned toward Hubert, who took a step back into a prepared stance, but no attack came. Instead, the stranger began to speak in a distorted voice which cut through the silence like an arrow.“We will cross paths again,” the stranger said. “I am the Flame Emperor... It is I who will reforge the world.”Hubert extended a hand as if to cast a spell, but before he could gather enough magic, the Flame Emperor warped away just as the dark knight had done a moment earlier. The students squirmed, some of them whispering amongst themselves. Now that the immediate danger had passed, Constance pushed her way through her classmates and walked into the middle of the room, gauging the surroundings. Caspar was kneeling near the unconscious Flayn and the other girl, and judging by the blood seeping through parts of his clothes, he must have been the one to take the worst hits from the knight. The others seemed shaken but not visibly harmed. She looked around for Edelgard, but the princess was nowhere to be seen. Then… had it been her imagination? Or was it the Flame Emperor who had confused her, somehow reminding her of Edelgard’s aura?Swallowing, she turned to Hubert, who calmly met her gaze.“Flame Emperor,” she said, tasting the name. “They seemed to be working together.”“Yes,” he agreed. “There is clearly more to this kidnapping than simple hope of extortion. We shall have to report this to the professor.” He looked past her toward the unconscious girls. “Our first order of business, however, is to get Flayn and the other girl to the infirmary.”“Let’s carry them,” Ferdinand called. “Caspar, are you—”“I’ll be fine,” Caspar said. “You take Flayn, I’ll carry this one.”At their return to Jeritza’s room, they were met by the professor and Edelgard, who were both clearly relieved to see Flayn alive and well. Constance excused herself before they could ask any questions, ignoring the looks she received from some of her classmates as she hurried out of the room. Flayn was alright; there was nothing more she could do here now. She had far more important matters to take care of.Climbing the ladders down to Abyss took much too long. She jumped off halfway down the last one, catching herself against the wall before running on toward the Wilting Rose Inn. There were a few rogues drinking in one of the corners, and she could see Balthus by the bar, but the person she most of all needed to see was nowhere to be found. Cursing beneath her breath, she ran on down the stairs to Burrow Street, elbowing her way through the crowd and to the other side. If he was here, she wouldn’t find him anyway. Better hope that he was in his quarters or in their old make-shift classroom.He wasn’t in the former, and as she walked into the latter, she was met only by silence. With a sigh, she stepped slowly into the middle of the room, letting her gaze rest on the blackboard as she considered her options. What should she do now? Simply wait him out? This was surely more important than whatever he was currently doing, but how was she supposed to tell him if she had no way of locating him?Discouraged, she focused her attention on something she could actually solve instead: a formula for a spell, written out on the blackboard. It wasn’t one of her own formulas, although the handwriting might have fooled her. The spell, however… It was black magic, but something was off with the order of things. She studied it with a furrowed brow, wondering whether it would even work in that state. Had she been the author, she would have exchanged some of the variables with each other and used another context to wrap it all together, but she couldn’t swear this formula was completely erroneous either.If she didn’t know better, she would have guessed this was Yuri’s work. Sometimes after he had used the blackboard for plotting his schemes, he liked to wipe it clean and write out unimportant strings of text or formulas instead, just to deflect anyone who wasn’t clever or patient enough to look beyond the surface of things. But she couldn’t remember having seen him use a formula for a black spell before; as far as she knew, he had little to no knowledge of the black syntax. On the other hand, that might explain the strange order of the variables...“Did I make a mistake?”Constance shrieked and spun around, stepping back into a prepared stance with her hands raised and ready to fire. Expecting to see someone in front of her, she was momentarily dazed when she found the room just as empty as before. Where did—Her heart almost jumped out of her chest when something moved in one of the dark corners next to the door. A finger snapped and a light orb came to life, revealing Yuri on top of the dusty old pile of crates.“You absolute scoundrel!” she exclaimed, glaring at him as he snickered at her reaction. “I’ve been looking for you, you know!”“Have you, now?” he replied with a soft smirk. “You’re lucky I didn’t mind being found.”He turned to sit on the edge of the crate, then dropped down to the floor without a sound. On his way to her, he reached out to place a book on the nearest table. Constance took in the title almost subconsciously:  Rumors of a Mockingbird. “What do you need, milady?”Her gaze snapped back to him, forcing herself to ignore the smug look on his face. “We found Flayn. She had indeed been kidnapped; it is likely that professor Jeritza was behind it all, for we found her in a secret chamber below his room.”Yuri’s expression grew serious at once. “Below his room?”Constance nodded. She quickly looked around to make certain that none of his goons hid in another corner before continuing in a whisper, “It was clearly part of Abyss, Yuri.”She could almost see the calculations going on behind his eyes; his gaze became distant, as though he saw right through her, but the tight clench of his jaw told her that he was far from unfocused.“Below Jeritza’s room,” he repeated in a murmur, seemingly more to himself than to her. “Southward, then. There are no paths that I know of—unless…”His gaze refocused again, and he swiveled in the direction of the doorway, his cape fluttering behind him as he strode toward it.“I need to investigate this,” he said before pausing to look over his shoulder. “Thanks for the heads up.”She nodded tightly, then watched him disappear around the corner. Yuri was many things, but stupid was not one of them. He knew as well as she did—perhaps better—what it could mean for them if it came out that someone had utilized Abyss to kidnap the sister of the archbishop’s right hand. If worse came to worst, the Church could retaliate by shutting down their entire underground haven. And even if it never came to that, the mere idea that such nefarious acts were being committed in the tunnels and chambers of Abyss turned Constance’s stomach. Could she still feel safe down here? Or should she worry that next time, she could be the target?With a deep sigh, she sank down in one of the seats, letting her fingers absent-mindedly tap against the back of Yuri’s book as she thought back to the battle. The knight—Jeritza, supposedly—had cast elder magic. Yet she was fairly certain he had only ever taught sword classes. Could it really be that he had kept his magical prowess a secret all this time?Then again, she knew that elder magic was taboo in the eyes of the Church, so it made sense that he would keep it to himself. However, that in turn made her wonder whether there were more people at the monastery—professors or students—who secretly knew how to cast elder magic. Whether Crow was one of them.Whether Crow was… Jeritza.Constance’s heart dropped into her gut.He  couldn’t be…Could he?No, he had attacked her; surely Crow wouldn’t want to hurt her? Unless he hadn’t recognized her. Or had cast the spell before he did.She hid her face in her palms with a groan. If Jeritza was Crow… If he was, she couldn’t possibly continue to communicate with him. She had to draw the line after researching the magic of heathens; her conscience simply wouldn’t allow her to learn from someone who kidnapped and knocked out young women.But how could she find out who he really was? What questions could she ask? If she asked directly, would he lie to her, or would he be honest?She forced herself to get up and make her way to the women’s quarters, where she sat down by the desk with  The Compendium and a bottle of her invisible ink. She turned to a page where they had yet to make any notes and set the tip of her quill to the top of the margin, right next to a section on wind magic.I know that Crow is a fake name, and I can accept that you need to keep your true identity from me, for your own safety. However, before I learn any more from you, I   need  to know—are you in any way involved with Flayn’s kidnappers?For the longest moment, she simply stared at her own scribbles, absent-mindedly noting that ink from the quill dripped down onto the page. She didn’t want it to be true. She didn’t want Crow to be Jeritza. But she had to know.She had to know.Hubert made himself known with three quick raps on the double doors, waiting until a decisive voice asked him to enter before he silently slipped inside. Perhaps no one would have batted an eyelid at the sight of the Imperial Princess’ vassal entering her dorm room, even at such a late hour, but he could never be too careful. In truth, he would have preferred to teleport himself directly into her room, but he did respect her privacy enough to abstain from such measures.She turned to him as the doors closed, the candlelight by her sideboard coloring her face in warmth and accentuating her fine features. He bowed deeply, his gaze reverently lowering to the ground.“Your Highness.”“Hubert,” she said, skipping over the pleasantries entirely. “You were hurt today.”He raised his gaze to meet her worried frown. To think that such an insignificant thought would be at the forefront of her mind at a time like this…“It’s of no consequence,” he assured her. “We have a skilled healer.”Her expression softened somewhat. “And yet…”“Your Highness, if I may,” he said. “While it is my responsibility to ascertain that you come to no harm, you have no such responsibility toward me.”“I know, Hubert, I just…” She turned abruptly, supporting her palms against the sideboard as she lowered her head. He waited for her to continue, but when she didn’t, he elected to ease her mind of what he assumed must be haunting it.“Please do not blame yourself for what happened in the catacombs, Lady Edelgard. You had no way of knowing the full extent of their plans.” He on the other hand… He had successfully implanted Empire soldiers and spies throughout the ranks of the Church of Seiros, meaning that he had eyes and ears at practically every corner. With all that intelligence at his beck and call, he should have been able to anticipate Flayn’s kidnapping, and yet somewhere along the line, his precautions had failed.Lady Edelgard sighed deeply. “I wonder every single day whether I made the right choice in allying with… with those people.”The anxiety was clear in her voice. It was his duty to relieve her of it as best he could.“It is a necessary evil,” he said, repeating the words he so often told her. “We need their power for now. However, there is no need for you to bother with the gritty details. You can leave those to me. Whatever you need me to do, I will do it, even if you are not yet aware of your need.”Lady Edelgard straightened and turned to face him again. “Are you implying that you keep secrets from me, Hubert?”He allowed himself a small smirk as he bowed again. “Respectfully, Your Highness, you need not trouble yourself with the mundane details of my actions. All that matters is results, and you can always trust me to act in your best interests.”She tilted her head to the side and narrowed her eyes, as she always did when she attempted to figure him out. He simply waited it out, confident that she would be as unsuccessful this time as every other. If there was anything he’d learned from all the years by her side, it was how to successfully keep her in the dark. Never concerning anything that might harm her, of course, but just the little bits and pieces that weren’t vital for her to learn. She sincerely didn’t need to know about all the things he did to serve her interests; it would only bring her more suffering.Fortunately, she seemed to grasp the necessity of this as well. Eventually, her shoulders relaxed, and she gave him a small nod. “I suppose I will have to accept that answer. For now.” She glanced toward her desk; following her gaze, he could see that her drawing materials were out. “You can leave. I have other business to attend to.”He bowed. “As you wish, Lady Edelgard.”After closing the door behind him, Hubert paused for a moment to consider his next move. It was clear that his security measures were not enough. Perhaps he had underestimated his opponent; he rarely did, but these were no ordinary people he was dealing with. He would have to adjust his beliefs and view of the world according to what he had learned from the events in the past few days.Their so-called ‘allies’ had reasons for everything, so surely the kidnapping was no mere chance occurrence. A quick and subtle examination when no one was looking had revealed a familiar puncture wound in Flayn’s right arm; a wound that, without his prior knowledge of the slithering foes, might have been easily overlooked. He could only guess that her blood was somehow important in order for them to achieve results with their recent experiments. It was certainly cause for more investigation into Flayn’s background.Thus, he had already given Linhardt the assignment of figuring out the secret of her blood. While the other mage could be hopelessly difficult to motivate, Hubert had found that he was extraordinarily driven when it came to his interests. And his spies in the monastery had informed him that Linhardt had an interest of his own in Flayn; more specifically, her Crest. It hadn’t been difficult to convince him to dive deeper into the subject of her blood.He had asked why, at which Hubert had told him a near-truth: that the answer could allow them to get ahead of their mysterious enemies, potentially leading to a quick and decisive victory. Apparently that hadn’t been enough for Linhardt.“If I do this, it’s going to take valuable time from other activities. Such as doing other research, sleeping, eating… Battling…”Hubert had already seen where he was going with it. “You are utterly hopeless,” he’d said while shaking his head in disappointment.“You want me to give my all in this research, right? But I don’t think I have the time for it right now.”“I can get you out of one practice battle every month,” he’d proposed. The professor wouldn’t like it and neither would Lady Edelgard, but Hubert was confident that he could come up with a convincing excuse.“That’s fair I suppose, but one battle is just a few hours… I don’t know how much I can do with so little time.”Truly a charmer in disguise, that one.“One practice battle each month and one seminar each week,” Hubert had said, “and that is my final offer.”“Hm. I guess I can work with that.”At least Linhardt had then proceeded to give him what knowledge he already possessed about Flayn, and while it didn’t answer all the questions, it had proven to be illuminating enough.“I learned from Hanneman’s records that she carries the major Crest of Cethleann, which is beyond rare even among nobles. I possess the same Crest, but only the minor one. I think she may have some kind of connection to Saint Cethleann.” Here, Linhardt had paused for a few seconds. “Maybe looking into Seteth would shed light on the matter. Hanneman might have records on him as well.”“Good. Then get on that.”“Yeah, yeah…”A connection to Saint Cethleann was promising, if not enough to explain on its own why Flayn’s blood would be of special interest to their foes. But he would have to wait for Linhardt to dig into it more deeply; there was no use in pondering on it further at the moment.There was, however, something else he could do. Something where, at least, he still had the upper hand.Assuming that Constance’s pattern stayed the same, she would have returned the book by now. The library closed in half an hour, leaving him plenty of time to go and fetch it. After today’s events… It was probably safe to assume that she had questions. Questions that might be uncomfortable to answer, but that needed answers nonetheless.He made his way to the library, carefully ensuring that no one followed him or watched as he slid  The Compendium  out of its nook. After checking the book out, he returned to his room and sat by his desk, easily channeling the elder magic required to reveal the ink in the margins before flipping through the pages to search for new notes. As he reached the end without having found any, he began to doubt. Would she really have returned it to the library without a single new note? No, he must have missed something. He browsed through the chapter on elder magic more carefully, but still there were no new notes.Only after he had browsed through the rest of the book as carefully as the last chapter did he finally find it. In Chapter XII on wind magic, beginning in a completely blank margin with no connection to the page’s contents whatsoever, was a short new note for him.I know that Crow is a fake name, and I can accept that you need to keep your true identity from me, for your own safety. However, before I learn any more from you, I   need  to know—are you in any way involved with Flayn’s kidnappers?Hubert considered the note for another moment, feeling a slow smile tug at one corner of his mouth. Perhaps he should have expected this: Constance had a tendency to get straight to the point. His gaze moved down along the page, taking in the blotches of ink that had no doubt dripped down from her quill as she considered her own note. Had she felt hesitation? Regret? Fear? He believed he could discern worry in her words, but that was to be expected. She may not have shown much during the battle, but he had seen the way she had frozen at the sight of Jeritza’s elder spell.She had not written it explicitly, but it was clear as day that what she really wondered was whether ‘Crow’ was Jeritza. That fact was somehow amusing to him; that she had been hooked on the idea that Jeritza was her secret tutor after seeing a single elder spell, yet she had never questioned how it could be that Hubert knew a warp spell even though he never cast any other faith magic. Perhaps she simply wasn’t as attentive as he’d believed her to be.Now for what he should answer her. He could always outright lie, but he would prefer not to. There were ways that he could sidestep the truth instead; ways that would be beneficial further down the road. And he needed to think ahead.Besides… This was as good an opportunity as any to drip feed more details to her. Show some good faith and give her more reason to trust him. Seeing how certain events were progressing, perhaps he didn’t have as much time to gain her trust as he had planned. Perhaps the recent occurrences were exactly what he needed to speed things up.Uncorking his ink bottle, he dipped the quill and carefully inked out a response below her note.

Ah yes, I heard about that… A professor turned out to be a masked kidnapper wielding forbidden magic. Even if I were that callous, do you truly believe I would be so indiscreet about it?

The short answer is that I did not know of his plans, nor was I a part of them. But you deserve more than the short answer. As a token of good faith, I shall tell you a well-kept secret of elder mages.

Most wielders of elder magic are connected in one way or another. We are so few, so rare, and there are so few resources on the arts, that it is quite simply impossible to learn elder magic without intervention by an experienced elder mage. If you continue down this path, you will soon come to learn that there is only so far you can advance on your own. Even my guidance won’t be sufficient if you truly wish to master the arts. The power is channeled through algebraic formulas, but without an elder ritual, you can never unlock the most powerful spells.

The truth, then, is that while I have little interest in what other elder mages do with their powers, it would be false to say that I am “in no way involved” with them. You see, I have gone through the elder ritual. Thus, we are connected.

You are as cryptic as ever! No, in the event that you had been the Death Knight, I do believe that you would have gone about the abduction quite differently... would you not?

Now tell me, what does such a ritual entail…?

It is a dangerous ritual, and until you have reached the limits of what you can achieve with complex arithmetics, I advise you not to delve into it further. If the day comes when you seek even more power... Then I will tell you what the ritual entails. Until then, you shall have to pace yourself.

Pace myself? It appears you still have much to learn about me.

Yes… That is becoming more and more clear.

“Linhardt has been much more active lately, don’t you think?”Hubert stopped his index finger on the spine of one of the books on the shelf in front of him—Advanced Arithmetics IV—and pulled it out to inspect its table of contents.“Perhaps he has found a new calling,” he replied as his gaze moved across the page, closing the book with a quiet sigh when he realized that it was solely focused on black magic.“I don’t know about that,” Edelgard called from where she stood in front of the blackboard, going over the notes from the most recent seminar. “But I certainly appreciate the change. Do you think it might have to do with Constance?”He paused with one hand on the book, having just returned it to the shelf. “How so?”“Well, there has been a definite increase in her visits to the library lately. I was wondering whether they might be studying together. She would be a good influence on him, don’t you think? What with her fantastic work ethic.”Hubert smiled to himself. “That is an astute observation, Lady Edelgard. You may be right. Constance’s passion for her craft could inspire even the most uninspired.”An incredulous laugh flowed his way. “That’s high praise coming from you; although I suppose you’re right. She is exceptionally driven.” As are you,  he opened his mouth to say, but instead let out a gasp as a wave of dizziness washed over him. He gripped the bookshelf so hard that his knuckles whitened, leaning his forehead against the books as he waited for it to ebb out.A crash sounded behind him. Defying his dizziness, Hubert spun around, one hand still clenching the shelf as he tried to focus on the room in front of him. Edelgard had fallen over, knocking writing materials and ink bottles alike from the table nearest the blackboard in an attempt to keep herself from sliding down to the floor.“Lady Edelgard!”He stumbled forward, catching himself against a column before hurrying over to the table. Just as he reached forward to help her up, she pushed herself up by her palms and waved him away.“I’m fine,” she forced out breathlessly.He clenched his jaw but said nothing as he pulled back, glancing outside toward the oblivious students out on the grass before turning his head again to watch her stand up with some effort. His own lightheadedness still lingered; Lady Edelgard was doubtlessly faking it for his sake when she straightened and placed a confident hand by her waist, raising her chin proudly as she gazed up at him.“Don’t look so concerned,” she said. “It was just a dizzy spell.”“No,” he argued, causing her to raise an eyebrow. “This was not a coincidence. You know that as well as I do.”“Lower your voice,” she said quietly, glancing toward the classroom’s entrance. “Or better yet, do not speak of it at all.”Hubert exhaled softly. He could understand her unwillingness to discuss the topic at hand, but fleeing from the truth was not an activity she could afford in her position.“You can’t change the past,” he said in a lower voice. “For now, all we can do is use it to our advantage.”“I know that,” she said sharply, avoiding his gaze. “You do not need to remind me.”Recognizing that he had overstepped, Hubert simply nodded. Perhaps she did not need the reminder itself, but he knew how much she had struggled to accept the past. Not that he could fault her; his words had been meant just as much for himself as for her.“I also know that I need to steel myself for what’s to come,” she continued. “How are the preparations going?”“As planned and on schedule, Your Highness.”She nodded, then sighed as she crouched down to tidy up the mess caused by her dizzy spell. “Good. We can’t waver now; please make sure that we haven’t forgotten any vital pieces.”Hubert bowed deeply. “Yes, Lady Edelgard. I will see to it personally.”Those on the record for learning the dark arts  have been noted to go through mysterious changes in both personality and appearance, losing sight of their own soul and  being driven to evil  as a result of the unknown forces at work in dark magic. While there has been the occasional exception to the rule, these exceptions have never been fully explored, due to their rarity. Readers are cautioned to avoid dark magic except under exceptional circumstances and with supervision from an experienced caster or other expert in the arts.

Crow… I have learned something extremely disturbing.

I returned from a mission less than an hour ago, together with the rest of my class. We were ordered to investigate a strange occurrence in Remire Village, where some of the villagers had become wild and erratic, fighting and killing their own friends and families in brutal apathy. I was shocked to find out that the monastery librarian—Tomas, if you recall—was behind it all. He was a dark mage in disguise; his real name is Solon. He must be in liaison with the Death Knight, for he used blood stolen from Flayn to curse the villagers. Did you hear? Do you have any theories regarding why they would need her blood?

After seeing what elder magic can do, I must confess that I am beginning to harbor certain… doubts about the arts.

Yes, I heard about it. Blood magic is a prominent part of the elder arts, although I cannot say why that girl’s blood would be different from anyone else’s.

What doubts do you have?

I understand that you disagree with the Church’s teachings, and that as a rule, you do not care how other elder mages act. But I need to ask you, Crow: do you condone the kind of actions committed by that man Solon and the Death Knight? They are killing innocents simply for their own vicious experiments! If this is what it means to be an elder mage, I wonder whether I should cease my studies.

This again… I do   not   condone their actions.

Do you not remember when I told you that elder magic can be used for good just as well as for evil? It is a neutral magic just like any other. It would be remiss of you to cease your studies simply because someone else is using magic for evil deeds, don’t you think?

There is truth to what you say. However, I have never heard of an elder mage who used their powers for good. Have you? See underlined text above.

Oh, please. You should know by now that   The Compendium’s section on elder magic is laughably fraudulent, and what you “have heard” is about as reliable as mere hearsay. But in the case that you do need more convincing, here are some uses for elder magic that are clearly at least neutral in nature:

create vivid and/or pleasant dreamstrace remnants of powerful magic

teleport oneself and others

Certainly all of the above can be used for evil deeds, but they could just as well be used to do good. The same can be said for a number of faith spells. You know some light magic; surely you are aware that it can be used to blind targets. With a strong enough spell, I am certain that such an affliction can be made permanent.

Faith magic builds on faith in the mysterious. Elder magic builds on thorough research and shining a light on the unknown. If any magic has “unknown forces at work”, it is faith magic. Do  not  believe what has been written about elder magic in the books you find in the monastery library.

Is the Church truly just hiding accounts of instances where elder magic was used for good? I do know that you are an experienced wielder, and supposedly a benevolent one, and I do want to believe you; however, I am reluctant to go from one misconception to another. Do you have evidence? Or am I supposed to take your word for it?

Reversing time sounds incredibly powerful… and dangerous. Do you know how to cast such a spell? Or any of the others you listed, such as the tracing spell?

I know some of them and have heard or read about others. The spell that reverses time works only on smaller targets and is temporary; anything affected goes back to its temporally correct state within a day at most.

I can attempt to teach you the tracing spell, but I suspect it’s one of the spells for which you would need to go through the elder ritual. Perhaps there are simpler variations that you can learn in its stead. I have attached an excerpt from an article on source spells. It was written by M. Geradius, one of the few elder mages whose works are still somewhat widely available. (Although you would never find one of them in the Church’s library.) It may point you in the right direction. See also the notes I made for you on the back of the excerpt.

As for evidence… I’m sure you already know that the monastery library is heavily curated by the Church. There is a reason why the only book that dares to even dip its toes into the subject of “dark magic” also insists on arguing that anyone who attempts to wield such power is doomed to fall into evil. In due time, I am certain that you will see the evidence of everything foul the Church has done for yourself. Until then, there is nothing I can tell you that will convince you if you insist on doubting my allegiance. The only exception I can think of is my own history, and that of those dearest to me, but I’m afraid I cannot tell you such things in the margins of a library book—regardless of how discreet your invisible ink may be.

However. While I haven’t yet had the chance to make a visit, I’m aware the Abyssians have a library of their own. Rumors say that is where all the books banned by the Church tend to end up. I’d wager you can find all sorts of buried treasures among its shelves. Why don’t you take a look for yourself, and see what evidence you can find? Perhaps then you’ll be able to draw your own conclusions, and we can finally make some headway.

I would not go so far as to say that I doubt your allegiance—although it is true that I know little about you. I simply value the weight of evidence in my magical research. And alas, if you will not tell me the details of why you have come to despise the Church so, I suppose I shall have to consult other sources.

Constance kept her gaze to the ground as she hurriedly zigzagged between the other students in the courtyard. She tried not to think about the bright sunlight streaming down over her, drowning her in light, pushing her down toward the ground and threatening to swallow her whole, but even so, her pulse kept rising the further she walked.She was not safe here. She was out in the open, weak, frail, inattentive, and the beast could strike at any moment, clasping its gigantic jaws around her body—She veered to the left as she saw two black riding boots coming her way, but they stepped in the same direction just as she did, causing her to walk right into another person. She stumbled back, whining as she dropped her books to the ground.“I am so sorry,” she said, anxiety filling her to the brim as she crouched down to collect her books. The other person crouched as well, reaching out to give her one of them. Glancing up at their face, she came eye to eye with Lorenz.“Ah! Lord Gloucester,” she cried, casting down her eyes again. “How absolutely reckless of me. Words cannot properly communicate how deeply sorry I am to have burdened you in such a way.”“No worries, Miss von Nuvelle,” he said lightly. “Here, let me help you.”She quickly took the book from him. “Please, my Lord, do not mind me; surely I am keeping you from an appointment of greatest import. My own troubles are of no consequence. They are my own to bear, for they are no one’s fault but my own.”She kept her gaze down, but she could see Lorenz hesitate.“No, I… It was as much my fault as yours,” he said, voice now slightly more insecure. “Were you going to the library? Please allow me to accompany you.”“Oh,” she breathed, shaking her head profusely, “I cannot possibly occupy any more of your valuable time—”“Nonsense,” he insisted, offering her his hand. “It’s no trouble. Come now, take my hand.”She stared at his hand, then realized it would be rude to refuse, so she did as he said. He closed his delicate fingers around her and pulled her to her feet, carefully helping to steady her with his other hand reaching out to touch her elbow. His hand slid out of hers, and before she could argue, he had stolen the books from her.“I’ll carry these for you. Come, this way.”“But Lord Gloucester—”“Call me Lorenz,” he said.She carefully peered up at him, meeting a warm smile that nearly made her shoulders relax; but his head was surrounded by a halo of light, and she had to wince as she turned her head away.“L-Lorenz,” she mumbled, feeling as though this honor was too much to bear, but knowing that it would be disrespectful to keep calling him Lord Gloucester when he had so generously offered her his given name. “I thank you, my Lord.”He firmly hooked her arm in his and began leading her toward the library. The pace was anything but brisk, but she would never be so rude as to inform him of it.“I was just on my way into town to procure some last minute details for the accessories for my evening wear,” Lorenz said while they walked. “Finally I will have an opportunity to showcase my exquisite skills on the dance floor. These skills were ingrained in me when I was still merely a boy; my hands and feet move on pure instinct.”“To be sure, Lord Gloucester will not be in want of willing dance partners tonight,” Constance replied quietly. “I could only dream to be one tenth as skilled.”“Now now, I’m sure you can hold your own in dance,” he said. “Perhaps if I get a free moment, I might even ask you to dance with me at the ball.”Constance cast down her eyes. “You shall have to forgive me, my Lord, but I do not think I shall attend the ball tonight.”“What? Nonsense! How could you willingly miss such a fantastic event?”“What could I possibly do at a formal ball?” she asked, wincing at how rude of a phrasing that was. “Apologies. What I mean to say is... I’ve no status, and I’m not much of a dancer. I think it would be best if I stayed put underground, far from view of anyone.”“But Constance!” he said, stopping abruptly to turn toward her. “The ball is an excellent place to find new connections. I was of the impression that you wanted a chance to return to nobility?”She avoided his gaze, carefully studying his boots instead. “Please excuse me, my Lord,” she said. “Although your words ring true as ever, I would much rather stay inside and devote myself to my magical studies… although I am afraid I am not making much progress there, either.”Lorenz sighed, but began to walk again. “Very well. I have noticed that you have been reading quite a lot lately. Is there any subject in particular which has managed to catch your fancy?”Constance swallowed. She could see the entrance to the building from here; just a few more moments, and she would be safe. “Ah,” she said quietly. “I am… exploring the library’s resources on magic. Slowly, mind you,” she added.He chuckled. “Slowly? I beg to differ. Each time I see you, you seem to be carrying a fresh pile of books.”She did not know what to say to that; she just wished that he would cease with these compliments. She didn’t think that she would be able to bear them for much longer.“You truly are an inspiration,” he continued. “I wish I had the time and patience for such involved studies. Alas, my title as an Alliance noble carries with it responsibilities that I simply cannot afford to neglect.”They had now finally reached the shade right outside the entrance, and as the strong light faded behind the building, Constance tore her arm out of Lorenz’s.“Your title as a noble, is that it?” she asked sharply. “Oh, I see; because I have time to study, you consider me to be beneath your status. Had I been a noble like you, I simply wouldn’t have the time!”Lorenz stared at her. “I… That is not what I—”“Hmph!”She held out her arms toward him, hoping that he would take the hint. In silent confusion, he transferred the pile of books into her arms.“You have my gratitude,” she said, each word a perfectly summoned shard of ice. “Now if you’ll excuse me, this low-life has some more studying to do.”“Constance, please allow me to—”Whatever he had to say, she wouldn’t hear a word of it. She stomped into the building, up the staircase and toward the library, fuming from the conversation she had just had. How dared he insult her in such a way? As if her own crippling self-doubt weren’t enough!After returning the pile of books, she strode over to the shelves on magic—in particular, the section where  The Compendium would be—but to her surprise, she was met only by a gaping hole. Gripped by a sudden fear, she spun around, scouring the floor and then the surrounding tables. Was it possible that Crow had only just returned the book…? Or that he hadn’t yet returned it at all?Her gaze moved across the room—until it stopped on a figure hunched over a book nearby. Linhardt. Heart pounding, she stepped closer to see if it was the—She froze.The book.He was reading  her book. Just as she was considering backing away and hiding behind a shelf, Linhardt raised his head and looked her way, meeting her gaze straight on. Millions of thoughts rushed through her mind.

Is he the one who has been teaching me?

Is he the one who—“Are you looking for this?”She blinked at him. “Err—mm?”He glanced at the book, then looked back at her. His face opened up in a big yawn. “You can have it,” he said then. “It’s time for my second morning nap anyway.”Closing the book— her book!—he stood from his chair and offered the good to her. She took it with trembling hands.“Th-thank you,” she mumbled.She wanted nothing more than to open  The Compendium and find out whether there were any new notes for her, but Linhardt kept looking at her as though he expected her to continue; or perhaps he expected to find something in her gaze. That thought made her even more nervous. Had he managed to reveal the notes in the margins?With another yawn, he left her standing in the middle of the library, exiting the room without looking back over his shoulder. Constance lowered her attention to the book. After sending two quick glances to her sides, she quietly cast the revealing spell and flipped to the page where she had written her last note to Crow.Her heart almost stopped.There was a reply.Nothing crucial, just a reply to a question she had asked concerning arithmetics in elder magic; but still…She whispered the spell again, flipped the book closed and held it close to her chest. She could reply to his note later. At the moment, she had more pressing matters to tend to.When the idea hit her, she felt incredibly stupid for not having thought of it before. If she wanted to find out who Crow was, all she had to do was compare handwriting!Thus, that was what she set out to do—and her first order of business was to find something written by Linhardt. Much as she hoped he wasn’t Crow, he was her main suspect so far. Why would he have been reading  The Compendium of Light and Dark ? Why had he so casually asked if she was looking for it? It made no sense, unless he was Crow and enjoyed toying with her.However, she couldn’t be too rash. She needed hard evidence; if she simply went with her intuition, she was no more a researcher than she was an elder mage.She went to the Black Eagles classroom first, hoping to find a leftover note on the desk where he used to nap during classes, but to no avail. Chewing thoughtfully on her bottom lip as she looked around the classroom, she considered her alternatives. She obviously couldn’t simply walk up to Linhardt and ask him for a handwritten note; if he truly was Crow, she would reveal her knowledge of it then and there, possibly leading to him pulling away from her or worse, and if he was not… he would think her crazy. If he truly was Crow, she needed to find out without his knowledge. Having the upper hand over such a mysterious figure could surely be of use.What other places could he have left a note?Well…She didn’t appreciate the idea, but there was one other place she could think of.The sunlight was still strong when she left the classrooms and headed in the direction of the dormitories, but this time, she kept her gaze raised high enough that she didn’t have to run into anyone else, and she made her way there without incidents. She exhaled a long breath in relief as she reached the shade again.Linhardt’s room was on the first floor, in the middle section of the dormitories. She took a moment to place her ear against the door and listen for any signs that he was in there, but quickly realized how futile that was. If he was inside, he would either be sleeping or reading, and neither of those activities made any sound. She could either hope that he wasn’t there, or try another day when she was certain that he wasn’t.Constance had never been the patient type.She tried the door. No luck; it was locked. Did she know any spell that she could use, that wouldn’t burn the door to a complete crisp or leave a suspicious-looking hole in the middle? Or would she have to resort to other means?Reaching into her hair for a hairpin, she crouched down in front of the door. This couldn’t be too difficult; she had seen Yuri do it plenty of times. Damn her for never asking him to teach her, but… no matter, she could teach herself!She was just about to fiddle the hairpin into the lock when a shadow darkened her vision.“Would you mind telling me why you are attempting to break into the dorm room of a fellow Black Eagle?”Constance immediately pulled out the pin and stood up straight, catching herself against the door as casually as she could. Hubert stood just a few feet away, watching her as she hid the pin behind her back. His demeanor was as calm as always, yet she could discern a quirk at one corner of his mouth that wasn’t usually there.“What! Me? I am doing no such thing!” she exclaimed, quickly fastening the pin to the back of her dress so that she could show him her empty hands. “I simply wanted to… er… examine the door knob. It was a little too loose; Linhardt might hurt himself if caught unawares.”“Surely it is not your responsibility to repair broken door knobs.”She glared at him. “I was merely trying to be a good samaritan.”He smirked. “Mm-hm.”She fiddled with her dress; that intense gaze of his was starting to make her uncomfortable.“However, you are of course entirely correct that this is outside the boundaries of my responsibilities,” she said. “I shall inform monastery personnel about this hazard. If you’ll excuse me,” she said, turning to leave.“How is your progress coming along?”She paused, turning back to face him. “I beg your pardon?”Hubert held her gaze steadily as he spoke. “Your progress in becoming the greatest spellcaster in all of Fódlan,” he clarified. “I haven’t seen you practice any new spells in a while.”“Oh!”He was correct; ever since finding  The Compendium , she supposed she had kept mostly to herself. She didn’t yet know enough elder magic to practice any actual spells. To Hubert, Edelgard and the other students, however, it might seem as though she had given up on her aims completely.“I am making good progress,” she said with a confident smile. “Such good progress, in fact, that I am certain that Lady Edelgard shall be quite satisfied with my latest achievements!”What was she saying? She didn’t have  anything  new to show the Imperial princess! And here she was, spouting lies directly to the retainer of that very princess?Her smile faded somewhat; she took a step back. “Er, that is, when I have finished weaving my newest spell. It shall be grand, I assure you.”“I don’t doubt it,” he said, the smirk still present in the corner of his mouth.What was it that was so amusing to him? Would he just stop looking at her like that? It made her feel as though he knew something she didn’t; as though he could see right through her lies.What if he could? What if he could see not only  that  she was lying, but  what she was lying about? What if he knew that she had been experimenting with elder magic… What if he knew, and was considering going to the Church?If he did… There would be nothing she could do to stop him. She would be totally, completely helpless; inadequate, worthless, unable to do anything but watch as her entire life was stripped away from her once more—“Constance.”She looked up abruptly and realized that Hubert’s smirk had faded. And somewhere along the line, she must have backed away down the small staircase separating the dormitories from the ground, for the shade above her had been exchanged for blistering sunlight.She took another step back, and no, she clearly hadn’t backed away far enough yet, for she stumbled on the last step of the staircase and fell backward helplessly. Letting out a surprised yelp, she reached back with her hands just in time to catch herself against the ground. She winced as her palms scraped against gravel and looked up, seeing how Hubert towered above her. He was looking at her like she was a threat that needed to be dealt with, like he was coldly calculating the best way to get rid of her. She crawled backward until her back met with a brick wall.“I, I,” she gasped, blinking against the harsh sunlight, but by now, Hubert was just a dark silhouette against the open sky, and her throat was closing.“Are you feeling unwell?”She shook her head violently, hoping that it would make him leave. “Please,” she croaked—almost sobbed—out. In a weak attempt to guard herself from the sun, she raised a hand above her eyes. “Please, spare me! I am nothing; I pose no threat to you. Spare me, and I shall never again be of trouble to you, I swear, please,  please— ”“I am not going to hurt you,” he said.She whimpered and jerked away when he crouched down beside her, reaching for her arm.  No! She wasn’t quite sure how, but somehow, she managed to escape his all-consuming presence and get to her feet, and then she was running; running toward shade, toward safety, toward anything other than the looming feeling of dread. With her breath burning in her throat, she stumbled up the stairs to the upper part of the first floor dormitories, then ran all the way to the entrance to Abyss. Only when she had dropped down the very last ladder, and the sun was so far above her that it was impossible for its beams to reach her, did she stop and exhale.Slowly, her senses returned to her; she was holding her arms crossed tightly over her chest in defense, and now that she was becoming more aware of her body, she realized that they were trembling. Leaning against the nearest wall, she revelled in the cold and dark of her haven, letting it seep through her clothes and into her skin.What had just happened was… worse than anything she could remember having experienced at the monastery before. The pure dread, the complete helplessness, the utter conviction that she was facing her death…It was almost comparable to that day five years ago. The day that she had lost everything.With a sob, she sank down to the floor, wrapping her arms around her knees to shut herself into a safe cage created by her own body.Of all the people to see her like that, it had to be  Hubert.  Would he tell Edelgard? Would he tell the princess that the last Nuvelle alive was an unpredictable weakling who couldn’t be trusted?She sniveled, leaning her head back against the wall. No. Even if he did, she could rise to the challenge. She wasn’t always weak; she would just have to work even harder to show him, to show Edelgard, to show  everyone that she was a force to be reckoned with. She would learn the elder arts, and become an incomparable elder mage, just as Crow had said.Crow…Crow believed in her. He believed that she was strong, even though he knew who she was. He might never have seen her in sunlight, but… Even if he did, she was certain that his trust in her wouldn’t waver.It was a strange thing, to have such faith in a complete stranger; a stranger whose identity was still a puzzle. It wasn’t likely that it was Linhardt after all, so perhaps she still didn’t have a clue. And perhaps that was alright, for the time being.With another snivel, she pushed herself to her feet and reached into her bag. The familiar shape of  The Compendium  helped ease her mind further. Crow would be there, would believe in her. He could bring her spirits back.The women’s quarters were empty. Constance seated herself by the desk, brought out her special ink and  The Compendium, and cast the spell that revealed the notes in the margins. All at once, the book came to life before her, and the straight, precise lines of Crow’s words brought stability to her mind.She turned the page to an empty space. With the quill resting in the air right above the paper, she took a moment to consider how to phrase what she wanted to say before she began to write.

Do you have something to fight for, Crow? Something keeping you afloat even in the darkest of times? I do; I have a singular drive that pulls me out of bed each morning and keeps my spirits high even when the world around me threatens to drown me in sorrow. Usually, this drive is strong enough to hold me together and keep me on pace. Sometimes, however, the struggle is true and harsh. At those times, it can feel as though I shall never succeed; as though I shall remain at the bottom, powerless and weak, and die in the mud as a failure. Alone.

I am not writing this to receive your pity. I am writing this because, as odd as it may sound, you are becoming part of what drives me forward. I simply wanted you to know that; to know that I appreciate everything that you do for me. You have opened up a new and incredible world to me that I would never have delved into if it weren’t for you.

She set the quill aside as she read through her words, already feeling much better. Perhaps she’d just needed to remind herself why she kept fighting, every single day, to unravel the mysteries of magic—whether it be black magic, faith magic or elder magic. Her journey may be a lonely and hazardous one, but she needed to stay on the path!Sniveling softly, she turned her head toward the doorway. Distant battle cries and clashes of swords could be heard down the corridor, as usual in the evenings. By now, the nobles up top should be preparing for the grand ball. Perhaps she would have enjoyed swivelling around on the dance floor, reminiscing about the olden days as a noble… But she had more important things to do. Crow had urged her to find evidence for herself, and even if she was still hesitant to take his every word at face value, she at least owed him some thorough research into what he was telling her.Apart from another mage in one of the furthermost corners, the shadow library was empty and silent as always. Constance let her gaze move across the abundance of overflowing shelves with a deep sigh. This library wasn’t nearly as perfectly curated as the one in the monastery; a gift as well as a curse. While it meant that she could potentially stumble upon diamonds, it would also be quite burdensome to sort through all of the worthless forgeries and unintelligible notes in the hope of finding something worthy of her time. As far as she could tell, the sections weren’t even sorted; one book might cover ancient botany, only for the one next to it to go into depth on rumored relationships between the noble families of Faerghus.Anything she picked up could prove to be invaluable, however, considering that books on the elder arts were highly restricted in the monastery. Even  The Compendium , which boasted with its incredible depth on the other magical fields, had a dark magic section that spanned a mere handful of pages. But since there was no order whatsoever in the shadow library, if she wanted to find anything of value, she simply needed to begin with one shelf and continue until she—hopefully—struck gold.Lighting a candelabra in one corner with the flick of a wrist, she set to work.She knew very well that the monastery library held questionable information. Some of the resources detailing the history of her very own house were in fact gravely mistaken, so in truth, Crow’s words had not come as very much of a surprise to her. However, there had been no reason for her to doubt any particular pieces of information before, and especially not anything detailing the deeds of the Church. While she held no particular affection for the Church of Seiros, the archbishop  had allowed her and the rest of the Ashen Wolves to stay in Abyss when they had nowhere else to go; she had given them a safe haven amongst all the chaos. Despite this, she knew the other Wolves were less than excited about being indebted to the Church, but Constance had probably been the most neutral of them.Now, however, that was beginning to change. She wanted to believe Crow—if only she could find something unconnected that would prove him correct!Not that she would look only for evidence that  confirmed  his thesis, of course; that was the most heinous of crimes in research. And so after two shelves and over three hours of meticulous searching, Constance had little to show except for an angry note accusing a cardinal of some petty monetary crime and a diary describing in loving detail the many wonders of the archbishop—both of dubious nature. It was with little excitement that she started on the next shelf, and rifled through several more utterly uninteresting titles, before she stumbled on something that caught her attention.Its title— Encyclopedia of Fódlan’s Insects —gave her little hope, but as soon as she opened it and noticed how easily the pages came apart from the spine, a spark of curiosity came to life within her. A false cover was intriguing indeed.Its contents were sparse, and at first she did not completely understand what she was reading, but then came a catalogue that quickly engrossed her. It spoke of foreign things such as distance viewers, flammable black water, metal-mold printing machines and human autopsies, along with reasons why the archbishop had supposedly prohibited all of them for various reasons.  ‘Would lessen the mystery of the goddess’... ‘Could be used tactically by those lacking magical ability’... ‘Would destabilize the foundation of the Church’...  If Constance interpreted this correctly, it seemed that various objects and inventions that could theoretically be highly useful to nobles and commoners alike had been forbidden by decree of the archbishop, for no other reason than that it might otherwise lead to negative consequences for the Church of Seiros and practitioners of faith magic.This was promising, and it made Constance wonder what the world might have looked like if those things had been allowed to be used, but was this what Crow wanted her to find? She doubted this alone would make someone turn so utterly against the Church, so she continued her search.In the next shelf, she found the burnt remnants of some kind of report, supposedly from one of the wars. A few passages had survived the fire and were at least partly legible, and one item in particular spoke of claims that the Knights of Seiros had been behind the incident in Duscur, and that members of the Western Church strongly criticized the Central Church. Mildly interesting, but still not quite enough, and put simply, it could just be a baseless claim at any rate.It took over an hour until she found another point of interest. This time, it was the documentation of a priest’s findings regarding Heroes’ Relics. Many parts lost to the passing of time, there was little left to try to interpret, but the priest seemed to have found something disturbing concerning their composition. Based on the composition of … it can be surmised that … likely a massive creature akin to a wyvern. However … strength is beyond compare to that of wyvern bones. They are more durable than all materials other than crucible steel, making them ideal for crafting weaponry, and absolutely … inhabiting … difficult to conceive, but one theory … It is possible that … the goddess’s … have potentially…... Heroes' Relics have been found that are not linked to the 10 Elites. … Could it be that others were gifted this power by the goddess as well? Perhaps the disturbing … that the Relics were not gifts from the Goddess … Additionally … the same Crest Stones … Many of my hypotheses … I am desperate to find the truth of it all.… I daresay the goddess would not wish for me to learn more than I already have.It was unclear what exactly the priest had found, but judging by how it had stirred them, Constance had to assume that it was controversial in some way. The idea that there were Heroes’ Relics not linked to the 10 Elites suggested, as the priest seemed to propose, either that the goddess had granted relics to other people as well, or that someone else had managed to reproduce weapons with similar attributes. If the latter was true, what did that say about the mysterious powers of the goddess?She was all alone in the shadow library now, and with only the eerie silence as her company, Constance was beginning to feel something that could almost be described as dread. This was not what she had expected to find, and she didn’t think it was what Crow had had in mind either; how was she supposed to interpret these findings?Now unable to stop searching, she went on with more vigor than before, until finally, she found a torn-up journal, with many pages either ripped out or scrubbed off so that the scribbles were completely illegible. A few fragments remained, however, and as Constance’s gaze moved across the last couple of pages, she felt the uncomfortable feeling grow in her chest. This… this was supposedly the journal of someone having experienced the War of Heroes first-hand—on the side of Nemesis, it appeared—and now described what events occurred afterward.… It has been several months since King Nemesis was defeated, and the tides of war have turned from bad to worse… All that is left for us is to disappear into the muddy waters Seiros has created…… I somehow escaped with my life, but I fear the end is near... My life, along with my sacred weapon, will unquestionably be forfeit...… Why does Seiros despise us so? What did King Nemesis do to incur such unyielding wrath...There was little detail left in the intelligible text, but what could still be surmised was concerning. What was this about ‘muddy waters’ that Seiros had created…? And what could the Saint have done to the author and her companions that merited being described as ‘unyielding wrath’...?Constance carefully closed the journal, staring blindly at its front. This was still too little to go on. Was there truly nothing more definitive than this? What she had found so far was incriminating to say the least, but many of the texts were so old that they could hardly bear any significance to Crow’s personal history… Could they?Growing more and more uncomfortable, Constance scanned the shelves ahead, considering whether she could defensibly step back and let all of this sink in before continuing at a later time—but something two shelves away caught her attention.Slowly getting up from the stool where she had sat while reading the journal, she placed said journal back on the shelf before walking over to grab a folded piece of parchment that stuck out slightly between two books. In stark contrast to the other documents she had found so far, this one was almost pristine; it couldn’t be more than a few months old, at most.Half hoping it would simply be a recipe for porridge, Constance unfolded the parchment and winced as she began to read. No, this was clearly no recipe.05/31 — Victim renounced by AB, stated death was divine punishment for wielding HR without being “worthy”. When asked whether the subject would share the same fate, AB denied it: subject is worthy. Subject told to keep event under wrap to avoid unrest. Remaining son now carrying HR.She read the note several times over. The end of Verdant Rain Moon… That was when the Black Eagles had gone on their mission to take care of Sylvain’s older brother. He had been consumed by the relic of House Gautier, and they had been forced to kill the beast he had turned into. Was the eldest Gautier son ‘the victim’? And if so, was AB… the archbishop?The note was very short; just a few, precise sentences that gave the impression that it had been intended as a report. A spy’s report that was never delivered, or a report that had simply found its way here after it no longer had a use...It was signed with a small scribble which reminded her of a Crest symbol. However, she had no idea which Crest it was; the only ones she could recognize decisively were her own, the Crest of Macuil and the Crest of Seiros. This was none of them.Constance cast a furtive glance over her shoulder. This was a recent note, especially in comparison to the other texts she had found tonight. Seeing that it cast a bad light on the archbishop, it made her wonder…She folded the parchment and tucked it in one of her pockets as she left the shadow library, heading back toward her quarters. The note immediately went into the bottom of one of her drawers, hidden beneath her own notebooks and journals which were filled to the brim with old notes on spells.Relieved to have it out of her sight, Constance sank down onto the chair, staring unseeingly at the toes of her shoes. She had found nothing conclusive tonight, but several pieces of a puzzle that she did not know what to do with. If the spy’s report was to be believed, the archbishop cared little for the lives of those with no Crests—at least if they dared to wield a holy relic. A relic, which—according to that other text she had found—might not have been bestowed by the goddess after all, but created in some other way that was disturbing to the priest who had found out about it… A secret which the Church wanted to bury, together with the fact that a relic in the wrong hands could be catastrophic, according to the cryptic note.Was that why the warrior from the War of Heroes had been so afraid of Saint Seiros? They had mentioned a sacred weapon in the journal; had Seiros hunted them for wielding a Hero’s Relic without carrying a Crest? Then there was the question of the muddy waters, which still made little sense. She had heard nothing of the sort before, so it could just as well be a metaphor.She considered writing another note to Crow, since she hadn’t returned  The Compendium  yet, but ultimately decided not to. She needed to think about this on her own for a while. And if he had somehow left that note for her to find…Needless to say, she needed to be absolutely certain of his allegiance before she entrusted him with what she had found this time.This was all so exhausting to think about. She wished she could have shared the burden with someone—be it Hapi or even Yuri—but she knew that she couldn’t. Not yet.However, there  was something she could do to momentarily distract herself from all of these revelations. Something that, truly, was more than well deserved.Constance stood from the chair and went to open her wardrobe. There, neatly tucked into the farthest end, hung her evening wear; the same model offered to all the students at Garreg Mach. She had spoken the truth to Lorenz earlier, but… Why shouldn’t she enjoy herself? She was a rather excellent dancer if she may say so, and perhaps if she went to the ball, she might even find an opportunity to speak to Lady Edelgard about her latest thoughts regarding the reinstatement of House Nuvelle. The future Empress was bound to be there.She held the evening wear up at arm’s length. It wasn’t quite her style—and she would never understand how the academy could have the stomach to force the same outfit on each student for something as important as a ball—but perhaps she could dazzle it up a bit with some magic? Just a tad; she didn’t want to outmatch Lady Edelgard. She weaved a quick spell over it just to see how it would look, and as she took in the results, a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. Well, perhaps it wasn’t perfect, but at least it was suitably discreet.She would show Lorenz and everyone else who dared doubt her that she could be both the most talented mage Fódlan had ever seen  and a competent and beautiful noblewoman, all at the same time. And if that ended up distracting her from… well, other things, who was she to complain?

When Constance arrived at the ball, it was already well underway. The center of the large ballroom was dedicated to students twirling around under large, decorative lanterns swaying to the live music streaming from the furthermost corner; students currently taking a break from dancing stood socializing at the edges of the dance floor or by the refreshment tables along the walls. As a servant walked past with a plate full of  hors d'oeuvre , Constance nabbed an appetizer and stopped to take a bite, shifting her weight onto one leg as she took in the room. A furtive glance to the right, then the left, to check whether anyone’s attention had yet to focus on her—but alas, everyone seemed too distracted by other things to notice.As she tucked the last bite into her mouth, she brought out and extended her fan in order to have something to do with her hand as she waited. Still, no exhilarated gasp could be heard anywhere. She glanced down at her clothes, and to be sure, they still glimmered discreetly in all the colors of the rainbow. Perhaps  too discreetly, then? She had wanted to be noticed, but not steal the attention away completely; but this result was a definite failure.She looked back in the direction of the dance floor, eyes searching for the straight and confident gait of the Imperial princess. It didn’t take long to find her; the benefit of being a house leader was that she was allowed a unique set of evening wear, emphasizing the red and gold of the Empire and Golden Eagle House both. She was twirling around on the dance floor with a man Constance did not recognize.Moving her gaze along the people standing just at the outskirts of the dance floor, it eventually landed on a familiar face somewhat further back—but still close enough to the dancing couples that he could keep a watchful eye over both them and the rest of the room. Constance felt what could only be described as dread rise in her chest as she watched him look from one side of the room to the other, and then straight at her.She quickly looked away and turned in another direction—and promptly came face to face with Linhardt.“Eek!” she exclaimed, throwing a hand over her mouth and immediately jumping back a step to widen the distance between them. He blinked at her impatiently.“Good, you’re here,” he said unceremoniously.Having overcome her initial shock, Constance started fanning herself as she looked at him in suspicion. She had still not quite decided whether to consider him a suspect or not, but she figured that it made more sense to be on the safe side rather than be sorry later.“Yes?”“I wanted to ask you something.”She instantly froze.  Oh no. Goddess, if you exist, please let it be something inconsequential… Please, oh please, do not let it concern  The Compendium  ! “According to the monastery’s records,” he continued rather impassionately, “you bear the Crest of Macuil. Macuil was one of the four Saints, so I was hoping you might have some inside information on the rest of the Saints?”Constance’s eyes narrowed. While this was in no way related to  The Compendium , it did nothing to silence the alarm bells in her mind. What in the world did he want with that kind of information…?“Certainly not,” she said, hoping that her voice didn’t reveal too much. “Aren’t those records meant to be access restricted?”Linhardt’s gaze darted away for just a moment. “Eh, I took on an apprenticeship under Hanneman. It’s all in the name of research.” He looked back at her. “So you don’t have anything for me?”The question ‘why do you ask?’ was on the tip of her tongue, but she stopped herself in the last second. The last thing she needed was for him to be intrigued by her defensiveness; she did not, could not,  would not discuss her Crest with anyone, much less Linhardt. Who knew what conclusions he would draw?So instead, she put on a smile. “No, I’m afraid not. I do not know much about either my Crest or Saint Macuil, and I am utterly disinterested in learning more.”Perhaps that had been a touch too defensive after all, she realised when Linhardt’s eyes narrowed slightly. But then he broke into a large yawn, and her muscles slowly relaxed.“Fine,” he said tiredly. “I guess I’ll have to keep looking for books about the Saints. So far I’ve been unable to find anything substantial. I know Seteth curates the library, but I don’t understand why he would remove texts about such holy figures…” He trailed off with a frown.“Who knows what the Church’s end goals may be,” Constance said with a weary hand wave. “I’d not put it past them to censor even the most harmless of information, were such censorship the slightest in their favor.”Only when Linhardt tilted his head to the side in curiosity did she realize what she had just said. She tensed up again, blinking at him as she tried to come up with a way to salvage the situation.“Er—and by that, I mean to say—”“I think you may just have a point,” he said, nodding in something that might be described as excitement. “They say history is written by those who hold the power. Although the Church rarely involves itself in our politics directly, I’d argue it’s one of the most powerful institutions we have in Fódlan. They might have their reasons for editing historical texts.”Constance paused. She had worried she might have been all too forthcoming with her views, but apparently Linhardt was unaffected. Could that mean…?Crow wouldn’t be so obvious about his dismay for the Church out in the open, would he?“Either that,” he continued, “or Tomas—I mean, Solon—removed texts from the library. That might have been why he masqueraded as a librarian in the first place; to get close to the monastery’s resources.”Would Crow attempt to backpedal in case he said more than intended?“You know, Constance,” Linhardt said, causing her to snap back to attention. “I used to think I would be comfortable with all manner of experiments, so long as they provided useful results. But when I heard of Solon’s work… Well, I realized I’d not considered the moral and philosophical boundaries of what ‘all manner of experiments’ might mean.”She blinked at him as she processed what he had just said. Experiments? What was he hoping to achieve with this line of reasoning?Perhaps she was being too suspicious of him, but the mere possibility that he might be Crow was enough to make her question everything he said. Was this a test? Was he attempting to evaluate her moral stance on what Solon had done with Flayn’s blood…?But then, she had already made crystal clear what she thought about it all. He wouldn’t ask her something he already knew—would he? Unless he wanted to see her reaction...On the other hand, what other reason could Lindhardt possibly have for speaking to her about this? They were certainly not close; all they shared was the Black Eagles house and their interest in research, at the most.“Urk… Sorry,” he continued when she didn’t reply. “I’m not great with blood, even when I’m just thinking about it. I feel a bit ill now.”And with that, he left her standing alone, exiting the ballroom in a haste and slightly bent over. Constance looked after him for a moment. Well, that was odd, but perhaps she gave it too much thought. Linhardt was known to be… different.She sighed as she turned back to face the dance floor again. Edelgard was still dancing, this time with a different man—and Hubert was still keeping watch.Well… She wasn’t exactly excited to see him again, but if no one was going to compliment her on her magical clothing, and Edelgard insisted on being occupied dance after dance, perhaps Hubert at least had a clue whether the Imperial princess would be available soon.She took a deep breath, grabbed a glass of wine from a nearby servant’s platter and made her way toward Hubert with a secure smile on her lips. If last time he had seen her had been colored by her anxiety, this time, she would dazzle him with her confidence.He was dressed in the standard evening wear, which fit him strangely well considering that he seemed like the kind of person who had been born to wear a dark hooded cape; something akin to what the more sinister of the Abyssians used to wear when they wanted to melt into the darkness. But then, despite Hubert’s more sinister undertones, she supposed he was ultimately a noble—and as such, he knew how to carry himself in formal wear.Subtly taking place beside him, she turned to look at the dancing couples again, not greeting him with so much as a word. She could feel his gaze on her for a moment, but he did not speak either.She would not be the first to speak.To distract herself, she fixed her absolute attention on Lady Edelgard. The band was currently playing a waltz, and the princess danced with utmost precision and grace; she was smiling beautifully as she spoke with her dance partner, but there was little true happiness in her eyes. The smile stayed the same even as she thanked her partner for the dance, even as the next person sidled up to her with a request; yes, even through the next dance, and the one after that, and the one after that as well.Edelgard’s footwork was quite elegant—which was to be expected, of course. Her dancing looked smooth and effortless, reminding Constance of the balls held by her family when she had still been just a young girl. How blissful those days had been, twirling around in joy, playfully rejecting the young men asking her to dance in favor of trying to get her brother to dance with her… Even so, she had had her fair share of being invited to dance, when she was still a noble. Since then… Well… There were very few balls held in Abyss.Constance pouted as she watched the princess move elegantly across the floor in the arms of yet another man. Why were they all so adamant to dance with Lady Edelgard? Granted, Her Highness was remarkably beautiful, a competent dancer and a wonderful conversational partner, but so was Constance, and where was her line of suitors? No one had asked  her to dance yet.She glanced furtively at Hubert. He stood completely still with his hands behind his back, gaze alternating between watching Edelgard and systematically taking in the ballroom. Even now, at a leisurely event such as this, he was keeping an eye out for trouble. She understood that he took his responsibilities as the princess’ right hand and protector seriously, but could he never relax?After a moment, his head turned slightly, and his gaze slipped down to look at Constance. One eyebrow quirked up in a silent question. She clenched her jaw, hoping he hadn’t noticed her staring at him.She wasn’t supposed to be the one to speak first, but...“Do you never do anything for yourself, Hubert?” she heard herself ask.One corner of his mouth twitched slightly, yet his expression remained serious. “I beg your pardon?”Constance rolled her eyes as she flicked up her fan with a practiced movement and began to slowly fan herself with it. Hubert’s eyes followed the movement with disinterest.“This ball is held in one of the most secure locations in all of Fódlan. Lady Edelgard is in the middle of a room filled with seasoned warriors and military officers-to-be. And yet I doubt that she has left your sight for more than a few seconds at a time. Have you even asked anyone to dance yet?”Hubert let out a huff as his gaze returned to Edelgard, who smiled the same gentle smile as before as she conversed with her dance partner.“You are mistaken,” he said. “I am not here to dance, nor to enjoy myself in any way. I am simply here to shield Lady Edelgard from unworthy suitors and other annoying distractions. There is little risk for anything more serious occurring tonight.”Constance sighed. “Yes,” she muttered. “There is little chance of  anything interesting occurring.”She didn’t know for sure whether he heard her or not, but he gave her another quick glance before returning his attention to Lady Edelgard—who was dancing with  another stranger now.“Ugh!” She tucked away her fan and crossed her arms over her chest. “What a waste of time to come here. I hoped for a distraction, or at least to get some work done, but clearly I expected too much!”Hubert leered. “And what  work, exactly, did you come here to do?”She raised her chin defiantly at his tone. “I came here hoping for a moment of Lady Edelgard’s time, to discuss matters of great import with her.”“I see.” He inclined his head in the direction of the dance floor. “You may indeed have come here in vain, then. Lady Edelgard has a long line of suitors waiting to dance with her tonight. I suspect there will be some time before she can spare a moment to speak with you—if that moment comes at all.”Constance sighed heavily. “Yes, I’ve noticed.”They fell silent again. At least he hadn’t brought up their last meeting. She had to assume it was a conscious decision on his part, since there was no way it could have slipped his mind. It surprised her that Hubert of all people would show such restraint—but perhaps it was for some nefarious reason of his own, rather than out of respect for her. Either way, she felt grateful for it.And perhaps that gratefulness, in combination with her annoyance at being completely ignored by everyone around her, was what ultimately tipped her over the edge and into asking the strangest question she might ever ask Hubert von Vestra.“Shouldn’t you ask me to dance?”At that, he didn’t just glance in her direction; he turned his head and all but stared at her. His gaze was so incredulous that she almost regretted having spoken up. Why would he be so shocked that she wanted to dance at a ball? Fine, neither of them had much interest to be in the other’s presence, but Hubert didn’t exactly have a  line of suitors  waiting to ask him for a dance, and neither did Constance, so what was the harm in making use of each other for a single dance?“I told you,” he said slowly, as if measuring each word on a scale, “I did not come here to dance.”“Yes, yes, I heard you the first time,” she said, rolling her eyes. “But you also said that nothing serious is expected to occur tonight. Well, a beautiful and elegant young lady is standing beside you. Will you stay here and watch over the princess like a dusty old statue, or will you take the opportunity to  enjoy yourself  with a capable dancer?”Hubert clenched his jaw. “She is no mere princess—”“I know,” she sighed. “She is the Imperial Empress-to-be. And I am about-to-leave-you-be unless you ask me to dance.”He was silent for a moment, returning his gaze to Lady Edelgard. “What makes you think that I wish you to remain here?”It was a long shot, to be sure. “I think,” she said, forcing herself to sound more confident than she was, “that my presence entertains you a great amount more than you deign to confess. In fact, I think that you are infinitely more entertained with me here than you were without me.”After all, when she found him, he had been standing alone. Surely having a capable conversational partner by his side was preferable?When he said nothing in response, she mustered the courage to glance up at him. To her surprise, she found him smirking. He turned, meeting her gaze, and gave a shallow bow.“Fair enough. Will you grace me with a dance, Miss von Nuvelle?”She turned to him in surprise, blinking at the hand he now extended toward her. That had  worked? “Err—I suppose, yes…” She cleared her throat and put on a confident smile as she looked up at him. “I can grant you one dance, Lord von Vestra.”

As he smiled grimly, she took his hand, gloved as always, and swallowed as he led her out onto the dance floor. The music was slow, the couples around them dancing almost solemnly, and when Hubert’s other arm wrapped around her waist with his hand coming to rest against her back, Constance wondered whether it had really been such a good idea to agree to a dance with him after all. She held her gaze level with his chest as he began their dance; she didn’t even glance at any other couple, afraid to find them staring. She imagined all eyes were on them—and not in the way she had wished they would be when she first entered the ballroom.To her surprise, Hubert’s steps were sure and steady, and he led her confidently through the dance. Did he and Lady Edelgard dance together from time to time? Or had he learned how to dance simply because, as a noble, he was expected to know the craft?When little over half a minute had passed, and Constance was reassured that none of the other couples had stopped to stare at them, she raised her gaze. Hubert’s flicked over to meet hers.“If I had known that asking you to dance would cause you to fall silent, I would have asked sooner,” he said, a smirk growing on his lips.Constance felt her cheeks warm. “Hmmph,” she muttered, looking away.“However, we might as well make use of this occasion,” he continued. “What matters were you hoping to discuss with Lady Edelgard?”She scoffed. “Oh, please. You have no interest whatsoever in either my woes or my grand plans.”He guided her into a steady twirl, catching her safely at the end and holding her still both in his arms and with his gaze as he said, “Try me.”Constance looked up at him with a scowl as she considered his offer. So far, Hubert had done little to show that he was sincerely interested in what she had to say. There was a definite risk that anything she said to him would die there, never to reach Lady Edelgard… But seeing that said Lady had been incredibly busy lately, perhaps this was her only option for the time being.She raised her chin and took on a confident smile, hoping that he would see the dedication in her eyes as she looked up at him.“Five years have passed since the fall of House Nuvelle,” she said with as much feeling as she could muster. “During this time, I have been hard at work dedicating myself to advanced magic studies. As you have already seen with your own eyes, I excel in both battle magic and spell creation—for every day that passes, I grow more and more powerful, more and more valuable as an asset to the Empire. Not to mention, I am ever loyal to the Imperial household. Surely you of all people must recognize the value of loyalty!”Here, she paused to give him a knowing look, at which he smiled tersely.“My dedication and constant strive for betterment are qualities scarcely found anywhere else! At the moment, I am researching methods to grant life to inanimate objects or deceased animals; just last month, I succeeded in transferring my magical energy through lightning into a deceased bird, causing its wings to flap for several seconds at a time. With a few more resources at hand, I believe I…”She trailed off, noticing how Hubert’s attention had returned to Lady Edelgard.“You could at least feign interest!” she exclaimed. “Are you even listening?”At that, his mouth quirked somewhat, and he met her gaze once again. “Of course. These are matters of great import, after all.”“Yes? And what are your thoughts?”Whatever smile had lured at the corner of his mouth faded. “You bring up several fair points. However, while reinstating you as a noble will certainly be taken for consideration, it cannot be a priority. There are rather more important tasks that need to be accomplished first.”A flare of annoyance hit her. She had known that he would dismiss her—but to do it so decisively!“And restoring a House that is deeply loyal to the Emperor, in one of the most strategic locations in the Adrestian Empire, is not one of them?”“I am questioning neither the historical loyalty of House Nuvelle nor the strategically beneficial position of its territory,” he said calmly. “I am merely stating the fact that upon taking the throne, Lady Edelgard will have her hands full with issues of far more urgency.”His calmness angered her; especially the fact that, despite their current debate, he was still leading her calmly through the dance. Was he so completely unaffected?“If this is about the Dagda and Brigid War, I’ll have you know that the books in the monastery library do not tell the whole truth about what occurred in our territory,” she said dryly. “My family did not ‘permit’ the Dagda-Brigid forces to make landfall on our coast! The ruling noble houses used us as a sacrifice in the war. We resisted, but with no allies on our side, there was naught to be done. Had the Emperor stepped in—”“I am fully aware of what happened to House Nuvelle,” Hubert said, raising his voice just enough to make her fall silent, “and by no means do I condone it. However, your house’s unwillingness to mingle with the other noble houses in the Empire played a vital part in its downfall, and that had nothing to do with what the Emperor did or did not do. House Nuvelle prioritized keeping its bloodline as pure as possible over forging connections with the other noble houses in the Empire. As much as I despise the social etiquette of noble society, even I can see that a house without connections is a house that is doomed to fall.”Constance swallowed. She forced her feet to continue moving, even though she wanted nothing more desperately at the moment than to escape Hubert’s calculating gaze. A house without connections, doomed to fall… What was he saying?“You speak of grand plans,” he continued. “What plans do you have to avoid repeating the same mistakes committed by your ancestors? You boast about your magical prowess and how much time you have dedicated to your studies in the past five years, but what about taking the time to find new allies?”“I do have allies,” she said, but when she tried to rack her brain, all that came up were the faces of the Ashen Wolves.Hubert let out an unimpressed hum before looking away.“I do,” she said more firmly, causing him to glance back at her with disinterest. “I spend my time where it matters most. Are you implying that Lady Edelgard is not worthy of my time?”It was a futile attempt to rile him up, she knew that, but she couldn’t help getting defensive after such a low blow.“You know very well that I am implying no such thing,” Hubert replied calmly as he fully returned his gaze to her. “But Lady Edelgard is currently busying herself truly forging connections with other nobles; and here  you are, wasting your time on attempting to convince her lowly vassal that you deserve to have your noble house rekindled. Is this how you spend your time most effectively? Or perhaps it is your idea of socializing?”Constance looked away, hoping to mask her feelings enough that he wouldn’t be able to read them plainly on her face. The music ended, and she pulled out of his arms.“Unlike Lady Edelgard, you are not here to forge new connections,” he said when she didn’t reply. He gestured to her clothes, still glimmering with her magic. “You are here to bask in meaningless attention from the nobility. Well, let me be frank: I may have a noble title, but you will receive no peerage from me. Speaking with me— dancing with me—is a complete waste of your time.”As the silence was exchanged for a new music piece, and the people around them began to dance again, Hubert and Constance remained still on the dance floor. Constance’s heartbeats pounded in her head.  Is he correct? Am I dedicating my time to the wrong things…? Even Lorenz had said something similar; how he’d expected her to be eager to attend the ball, since it would offer a perfect opportunity to find new connections.But could connections with other nobles really be all there was? Could that really be all that Lady Edelgard valued?It was certainly not all that  Constance  valued; although, considering her recent behavior, could she truly say that with honesty? Had she not gone to the ball to garner the attention of other nobles? No,  she reminded herself. She had gone to distract herself from the confusing, dizzying results her research and her communication with Crow was leading her to. She had gone in search of a single lighthearted evening amidst all the chaos. While she may not have found what she was looking for, it would be untruthful to say that she had attended the ball for vain reasons. Even her ambitions to speak with Edelgard once again were a crucial step on her way toward enlightenment; without resources, how could she ever make reality of her most advanced and demanding spells?No. She was not wasting her time. Not even speaking to Hubert was a waste of time—if anything, it had made her  more determined to reach her goals, not less.Allies were important, yes; but they were not the only thing that mattered.“You are wrong,” she said quietly.“Pardon?”Drawing in a deep breath, she raised her gaze to meet Hubert’s. He watched her intently, waiting for her to speak.“You are wrong,” she repeated, more firmly now. “I am not here to bask in noble attention. My exact reasons for being here are none of your concern, but know this: I am not just some vain, second-rate mage with pointless ambitions and little patience. My magic will change the Empire—nay, the whole of Fódlan—for the better. It is up to you whether you want  me  as  your ally on that journey.”She spun on her heel, starting to leave the dance floor, then paused.“And for your information,” she added over her shoulder, noting with slight surprise that Hubert was smirking again, “the connections  I am forging are so far from mere noble acquaintances that your suggestion to find new allies at a formal ball is, quite frankly, laughable. My connections have true power, and they are more than willing to share it with me.”With that, she finally turned away from the retainer and strode decisively off the dance floor, her steps feeling more light and sure than they had in a long time.On her way back to Abyss, Constance noticed an open window on the second floor of the dormitories, revealing laughter and chatter from what sounded like a surprisingly large group of people. Strange—had the ball not been enjoyment enough? She considered ignoring it, but the Nuvelle curiosity got the best of her.Coming up to the second floor, two giggling students swiveled past her so quickly that they nearly toppled her. She let out an indignant sigh before walking onward. Students were standing around the corridor chatting, some with glasses of wine in their hands. If a teacher caught wind of this…As she walked on down the corridor, music reached her ears. It sounded like a guitar and someone singing, and during certain parts other people jumped in and sang along as well; greatly out of tune, to say the least. She followed the music, elbowing her way through a group of loud Golden Deer students who didn’t even seem to register her presence, and arrived at last at the source of it all.Naturally, it turned out to be Sylvain’s room.He sat on his bed with an arm wrapped around a girl’s shoulders, laughing and gesturing with his other hand as he spoke, a wide grin plastered onto his face. True to form, he had unbuttoned the jacket on his evening wear, showing the white of his shirt beneath. He was clearly putting on a show for the spellbound girl, and Constance was just about to turn on her heel and leave—when she realized that the girl in question was Hapi.Her best friend smiled up at Sylvain, more engaged than she had seen her in a long time. Did she not know of the boy’s awful reputation?She stomped up to the pair, hands by her hips as she fixed them with a stern gaze. Sylvain looked up first—attention always drawn to whatever female presence came near him—and he gave her one of his wide womanizer smiles.“Constance! A pleasure seeing you here. Grab a drink, why dontcha?”At the mention of her name, Hapi looked up as well, though her smile faded instead of grew. “Hey Coco, everything ok?”Constance stared at her friend. “What are you doing, Hapi?”Hapi frowned and looked around at the people standing around them, many of which were now singing along to the tune played by the student with the guitar. She shrugged.“Partying.”Sylvain laughed, squeezing Hapi to him. Constance registered with dismay that she seemed to enjoy it.“Why don’t you join us?” he asked, eyes glimmering.“Ha! Certainly I have better things to do than…” She trailed off as she saw the hopeful look Hapi was sending her way. “That is… What I mean to say is…”Well, perhaps it would be a good idea to stay and keep an eye on Sylvain? She seemed to be the only one immune to his charms, and she could never forgive herself if he were to do something to her beloved Hapi. She had already returned  The Compendium  to the library, so there wasn’t much else to do…She sighed and sat down next to her friend on the bed. When Sylvain offered her a drink, however, she waved him off. If she was to watch out for her friend, she needed to stay away from whatever nefarious substance he wanted to give her. She couldn’t very well knock Hapi’s own glass out of her hand though, so she hoped whatever was in it wouldn’t be all that effective.“I’m so glad you stayed,” Hapi said with a smile aimed at her even as Sylvain squeezed her close again. “You’ve been studying way more than usual lately. Maybe you need a night of fun?”Constance almost laughed. Her idea of fun  was studying, as long as the focus on said studies was magic. And especially when she was joined by the silent presence of Crow in the margins… But she hadn’t told Hapi about that.“Yes, perhaps,” she said, smiling back warmly before shooting Sylvain a look of warning as he leaned in to hear them over the singing and chatter in the background. He seemed to catch her meaning, because he withdrew his arm from Hapi’s shoulders.“How’s your research going? Did you manage to come up with a spell that reveals hidden writing?”“Ah, yes,” Constance replied, having forgotten that he had been the one to give her the idea for the spell in the first place. Surely he only brought it up to make her view him more favorably? “Not that I get much use for it, mind you. It was just a simple little thing to distract myself with.”“Mm,” he said, nodding. “I bet you get up to all sorts of crazy things in private.”“Excuse me?!” she exclaimed, not quite believing her ears.He quickly back-pedaled, his eyes wide and terrified. “Umm, err, I didn’t mean like—I meant with magic! I meant with your spells! When you’re really serious about it, y’know? Ahh damn it, I really didn’t mean to insinuate anything. I’m sorry.”“It’s fine,” Hapi said, giving her an intense look. “Right, Coco?”She didn’t quite know how to interpret that. Was Hapi admonishing her for standing up for herself? Or did she simply want to avoid a conflict? Either way, something sank within her.“Yes,” she replied. “Apology accepted.”She stayed mostly silent after that, not really in the mood for ‘partying’, as Hapi had put it. As Hapi and Sylvain kept chatting and laughing, Constance mainly daydreamed herself off to her magical research and the help Crow was offering her. Her research in lightning magic had been slower ever since she began studying elder magic; perhaps it was time to pick up that thread again. If Crow knew black magic, perhaps he could help her with that as well. If she hadn’t already returned the book, she might have asked him.Looking around the room, she had a sudden realization that he might very well be here tonight. Had he been at the ball? And if so, was he the type to go to an ‘after party’? If hardpressed, she would have to say no, but then again, how well did she really know him? For all she knew, he might be the one with the guitar, or one of the oblivious Golden Deer, or even…Even Sylvain.She glanced in his direction and almost gasped out loud when she saw that his and Hapi’s faces were mere inches apart, and his hand was reaching up toward her cheek. Before she could think, she grabbed Hapi’s arm and jerked her toward her. Her friend let out a surprised sound and blinked at her in confusion.“What—what did you do that for?”Constance held Sylvain’s gaze steady as she replied, noting how he didn’t smile or try to excuse himself this time. “It is growing late. Perhaps we should withdraw.”Hapi tore out of her grip. “You go home. I’m perfectly fine right here.”At the sharpness of her voice, Constance moved her gaze from Sylvain to instead look into the eyes of her friend. They were unexpectedly cold and hard, though perhaps she could read a bit of hurt in there as well, and it made her pause. Did she truly not see what this useless boy was doing?“I think you should come with me,” Constance insisted.“I’m not tired,” Hapi said impatiently. She leaned back toward Sylvain, right into his open arm, which he now wrapped around her shoulders again with a soft smile. “I’m having fun.”Constance gaped at her. Was this some sort of call for help, or did she truly enjoy being in Sylvain’s presence? Well, that was a stupid question; of course she enjoyed his presence, that was exactly what his charm did to girls. But she would have thought that Hapi of all people would see through his facade.“You truly want me to leave?” she asked quietly.Without even a second of hesitation, Hapi nodded decisively. Constance’s gaze flicked to Sylvain, who shrugged and gave her an apologetic smile.“Have a safe walk home?” he offered.She looked away, already feeling her cheeks burn in indignation. “Thank you.” As she rose from the bed, she caught Hapi’s gaze again. “If you aren’t home in two hours, I’ll send Balthus.”At that, Hapi actually laughed. “Oof. Fine. I’ll see you later, Coco.”Constance nodded. “You will.”

As Constance passed by below Sylvain’s window on her way back toward the entrance to Abyss, she could not help but glance up and try to discern the words spoken by the various voices flowing out from inside his room. She thought she could hear laughter that sounded distinctly like Hapi’s, but it might just as well have been her imagination. With a sigh, she turned her gaze forward again.What was she supposed to do about Hapi? Was she simply supposed to place her trust in the Gautier heir? He had proven to be of some worth by aiding Constance in her studies, so perhaps the rumors about him demanded a closer examination. If he could treat her Hapi well, no one would be happier than Constance to admit being wrong. Still, it seemed a folly to trust someone when all the evidence weighed against him…Perhaps she should consult Yuri. She felt herself smile somewhat bitterly at the thought. To think she considered going to  him  of all people. But it was true that he was a rather excellent judge of character; he knew how to separate the wheat from the chaff. It wouldn’t be pleasant to ask for his help, but… for Hapi, she would do anything.She was so deeply engaged in her own thoughts that it took her several minutes to realize that she had walked quite far past Abyss’ secret entrance, drawing to a stop just as she reached the bridge leading to the cathedral. She huffed quietly at herself as she moved to turn around—then let out a shocked yelp as something cold touched against her throat. Before she could raise her hands to conjure a defensive spell, an arm wrapped around her torso, locking both of her arms to her sides and leaving her defenseless.That was a blade pressing up against the underside of her chin, she was certain of it; and if she screamed, her assailant might very well slit her throat. She was completely locked in against their chest with no way to get loose.“Who—who are you—what do you want?” she gasped out as she tried to struggle free to no avail.“Nothing,” a low voice replied right by her ear. “This time.”Constance exhaled sharply, feeling her body go cold all at once. She recognized that voice.The assailant released her and took a step back, leaving her with plenty of room to spin around and face him. And face him she did—with a vengeance.“What in the world would give you the right?!” she exclaimed, feeling her clenched fists become wrapped in the force of her magic without much effort on her part. “I could have fried you through and through! You do not simply sneak up on someone in such a crude way!”Hubert had the audacity to roll his eyes as he crossed his arms over his chest. He still had the evening wear on from the ball, just as she did.“Be thankful that it was me and not someone with less…  pure intentions. I already knew full well how inattentive and reckless you could be, but so completely oblivious to my presence as you have been for the past several minutes… I am beginning to wonder whether you will do more harm than good in the Black Eagle House.”Constance let out an offended gasp. “Excuse me?! Do you suggest that I should foster skepticism and doubt as to the allegiance of my own house mates?”“I could have been an enemy spy or assassin. Do you really think the monastery’s defenses are impenetrable? If so, I have given your intelligence too much credit in the past.”“I—I could have taken you—if you had not resorted to such crude strategies—”“Oh really?” Hubert asked, a glint appearing in his eyes. “Without the element of surprise, you could have taken me?”“Doubtlessly!” she replied with confidence, raising her chin in an attempt to be able to look down on him. To her chagrin, he was much too tall for her to succeed.Hubert let out an amused huff. “Well, in that case…”He raised his right arm, traces of magic gathering around his hand. Constance only had time to widen her eyes in the half second that passed before he swiped his hand to the right. In the next moment, the bridge and its surroundings were gone. In their place were tall pillars framing a completely barren square of ground below an open sky. Constance took a step back as she tried to regain her bearings. He had teleported them… to the training grounds?“Show me,” he said without a trace of amusement remaining in his voice. “Defeat me in a fair battle.”Her mouth fell open as she stared at him, trying to discern whether he was truly serious. The area was dark, only dimly lit by the stars and moon above, but she could see his face well enough to know that it could just as well have been that of a statue. What could he stand to gain from this…? Was he out to humiliate her even further?“Prove to me that you are worthy of fighting side by side with the future Empress,” he goaded her. “Prove that you are more than a clumsy, reckless, inexperienced—”Willing him to be silent, Constance raised a hand and fired an ice spell toward his chest. It was just a simple spell, nothing that would truly hurt him.Sporting his quick reflexes, Hubert made an elegant sweep of his hand just as she fired, redirecting the spell toward one of the pillars instead. It plinked off the surface with little impact. He didn’t even glance in its direction, instead staring her down with his dark gaze.“Is that all? Do you think that would have stopped me?” He shook his head. “How disappointing.”Constance gritted her teeth as she clenched her fists again. “So you wish me to show my true power, then? You wish me to destroy you?”“You can try,” he taunted her, letting his arms seemingly hang limp at his sides. She knew better, though; even in the dark, she could imagine him flexing his gloved fingers, readying to deflect another spell.Was this some kind of trick? She couldn’t rule out the possibility.“What would Lady Edelgard say? Surely she would be disappointed if I killed her retainer on the night of the grand ball.”Hubert sighed deeply. “As you wish.”She felt her shoulders relax somewhat. Good. Fighting Hubert would be a mistake; with her magical might, she may unintentionally fry him through and through.“Yes,” she said, “I believe that is for the—”This time, she didn’t even see him lift his hand. Something cold but immaterial slapped against her front, sending her flying back several feet in the air. Her reflexes kicked in automatically with a basic wind spell, allowing her to right herself enough that she could dig her heels into the ground and stop Hubert’s magic from knocking her into the pillar behind her. But he left her no respite: another spell quickly came toward her, this time from her left, and while she could barely discern it with her naked eye, her magical senses warned her of it just in time. She dodged to the right, only to duck from a third attack, and then again from a forth. Something isn’t right.  She snapped her head in his direction just in time to see him fire his next spell, and the sight of a magic circle beneath his feet made her freeze in place long enough that the spell managed to singe the bottom edge of her skirt as she finally threw herself out of the way.Elder magic—Hubert knew elder magic?!But there was no time to consider the significance of that now. It was clear that he was not going to stop; she needed to protect herself and find a way to fight back.Pushing out a barrier of pure ice in front of her gave her enough time to form a plan. Unlike him, she knew no teleportation spells, but the wind magic she had recently studied up on would keep her agile enough. As Hubert’s next spell dissolved into a cloud of dark dust against the ice, she used a gust of wind to push herself up and forward above the barrier, then fired a burst of sharp icicles toward him mid-air.Hubert deflected them with his left hand, sidestepping her next attack as his right hand sliced quickly through the air. Before she could even land on her feet again, she was hit so hard from the side that she didn’t even have a chance to right herself this time. She was slammed into the ground, feeling the gravel scrape against her arm even through the fabric of her clothes. Glancing up at Hubert, she could see that he was already preparing another spell. He was completely relentless!Another gust of wind pushed her to her feet, then away from his follow-up attack. A second ice barrier, then a third, as she ran in circles around him. She shouldn’t waste her energy reserves like this; if she let her attention slide for one moment, Hubert could kill her. Was that truly what he wanted? To win against her no matter what?As she was about to round him a second time, he managed to get a spell in right between two of her protective barriers. Once again, she was sent flying backward, and this time, slammed hard into a pillar. She should have known he would learn her pattern eventually.While she had her eyes closed, groaning against the sharp pain in her back, Hubert lost no time in stalking up to her. She opened her eyes, raising her hands to push him back with a wind spell, but before the magic could form, he grabbed her wrists and locked them in place against the pillar: one above her head, the other next to her thigh. Separated, so she wouldn’t be able to cast her strongest spells. Strangely, when she tried to gather magical strands for even a simple spell, she didn’t seem to be able to tap into her energy reserves at all. Was it one of Hubert’s tricks…?“I thought you said you could take me,” he said in a low, taunting voice. “And yet here you are, disarmed and at my mercy. Is this the famed Nuvelle power you insist on boasting about?”Constance scowled at him. In that moment, with his fingers steadily locked around her wrists and his gaze staring her down intently, she hated him. After what he had said to her at the ball… After he had cornered her with a knife against her throat… She hated him with all of her heart.Not to mention what had happened outside Linhardt’s dorm room. He had seen her at her weakest, and the fact that  Hubert  was able to hold that over her head made her absolutely  boil with anger.“It is late and I am tired,” she pressed out between her clenched teeth.“Excuses,” he retorted. “Won’t work against an actual enemy.”No, she thought, perhaps not, but do you know what does?A good old kick to the groin.She forced her knee upward with as much power as she could muster, and as all air seemed to empty out of Hubert’s lungs, she silently thanked Yuri for having taught her that trick.He released her and staggered back, giving her the perfect opportunity to unite her hands together in front of her chest and cast an intermediate lightning spell. Credit where credit is due; despite his pain, he raised a hand and managed to shield himself from most of the damage, but not all. Lightning met with his skin and forced his muscles to work against him, causing him to drop to his knees and lose the tension in his arms.“ This is the power of Nuvelle!” she called victoriously as she fired off another of the same spell.Before it hit, however, dark tendrils of magic quickly snaked their way up along Hubert’s arms, then enveloped his entire body. When her spell reached him, he was gone. He phased into existence again a couple of feet to the side, then disappeared a second time when she tried to fire her spell toward his new position. They went through this cat and mouse dance several times, and each time he appeared again he had regained some more control over his body, until finally, he didn’t appear at all.Constance paused then, hoping for a moment that he had fled the scene entirely.  That if anything would prove her merits—having Hubert von Vestra flee from her in fear!But her hope was short-lived. As a call-back to how he had taken her by surprise by the bridge, Hubert came up from behind and gripped her wrists. He didn’t lock her arms behind her back or even hold her that tightly this time; instead, his thumbs smoothed against the insides of her forearms while the rest of his fingers splayed out along the backsides.“You think  that is power?” he spoke near her ear. “I’ll show you the true meaning of power.”Constance tried to struggle free, but despite the strange way in which he held her, she couldn’t get away. For a moment, as her wrists began to tingle in a distinctly magical way, she was convinced he was truly going to kill her.But then she began to feel a strong surge of power. She gasped, knees threatening to give in as raw magical power seemed to flow directly from his hands and into her body, pushing up through her arms and toward her core. Any weariness or lost energy evaporated in a heartbeat; her muscles felt relaxed and tense at the same time; her mind cleared. She felt as though she would be able to freeze the entire world over thrice with her ice magic—as though she could reach out with her lightning magic and identify every single individual within a 100-mile radius—and the sensation of pure power was so immense, so overpowering, that she altogether forgot how to breathe.Then Hubert released her, and the incredible surge of power drained from her body as quickly as it had stormed into her. Her knees finally gave way and she fell forward, only just managing to catch herself on her palms and avoid face planting into the gravel. She drew for air; nay, gasped desperately for it, and for a long while, all she saw was stars.“What—was—that?” she croaked out as soon as she was able.“That,” he said somewhere above her, “is how you might be able to feel if you dedicate yourself to mastering offensive magic rather than empty showmanship.”The sensation of possessing so much raw power was already beginning to fade, but Constance knew that she wanted to feel that way again. She  needed to.Pushing herself up with a wholly unladylike grunt and staggering to her feet, she tried to regain some semblance of her pride as she faced Hubert once again. Silent, unfazed Hubert. His eyes bore into her like the beams of the sun.“Teach me,” she demanded, gritting her teeth.“No,” he said simply.“Yes,” she tried, taking a step toward him. “Tutor me.”“No,” he repeated.Constance took two more steps, until she was so close that she had to lean her head back in order to stare up at him. “Yes. You need to teach me.”“I  need to, is that it?” he asked in a low voice full of restrained amusement.She nodded. “It would benefit you.”A smirk materialized on his wretched mouth. “How so?”She hesitated. What did Hubert want that she could give him? She had no noble title to speak of, no money, no particularly interesting contacts… except perhaps…“Through me, you would have a direct channel to Yuri,” she offered confidently. “He deeply respects my opinion. You would benefit from a connection to the Underground Lord, yes?”Hubert scoffed, smirk disappearing immediately. “If I need something from Yuri, I know how to get it. If that is all you have to offer, find another teacher.”“No!” she said desperately. She needed to learn, she needed to feel that power again! “I—I can—There is still—”Hubert shook his head and started to turn away. “Good night, Constance.”“We could be lovers!”He stopped abruptly, becoming completely still and silent in the darkness. Constance held her breath.She was uncertain whether she wanted him to say yes or not. Her offer had been something she blurted out in panic. For what else did she have to offer him? She had nothing! Nothing except her own flesh.“No,” he said again. “And that is final.”Before she could even think to give him another offer, he teleported himself away and out of sight.Constance’s shoulders dropped. She had certainly made a fool of herself, hadn’t she? If Hubert told anyone about this… about her last, desperate offer… Certainly there wasn’t much she wouldn’t do to restore her house, but to do  that?  What had she been thinking?Hubert carefully pulled his doors closed, then turned the key in the lock. Staring into the wooden material, he extended a hand behind his back and sent a burst of flame toward the handful of candles he knew stood by the window. They lit the room in an eerie glow.‘We could be lovers!’He sighed and closed his eyes.Whatever he had expected her to offer him in her desperation to have him tutor her,  that had not been it. If he had agreed, would she have gone through with it? He doubted that even Constance von Nuvelle, with her distorted idea of worth and success, would seriously consider prostituting herself in the name of her magical research. Was it a test, then? To see whether he would bite?Or was she  truly that desperate?Either way, he had to update his idea of her character. Counting the occurrence outside Linhardt’s room, and the moment where she had demanded he ask her to dance, this was the third time in a single day that she had truly surprised him. The mere experience of surprise indicated that something he believed was not true. In his line of work, surprises could mean death.In other words… If Constance continued to surprise him like this, she could quite literally be the end of him.On the other hand, if her outburst was evidence of her desperation to learn what he had shown her tonight, that was a very good sign. While  Hubert  could not tutor her,  Crow  certainly could—and the more vital differences that Constance perceived between the two, the better.Of course, after his display tonight, he knew there was a very real risk that Constance might suspect him to be Crow. Indeed, he would be surprised if the theory did  not find its way to her. Even so, she had no concrete evidence, and he counted on her being clever enough to realize that there was nothing she could do to confirm it as of yet. So he would keep her just enough in the dark to be able to continue tutoring her as Crow while remaining a thorn in her side as Hubert.And so he would remain exactly where he wanted to be; hidden in plain sight, in the margins of her story.Hubert knows elder magic.He knew elder magic.As Constance walked briskly toward the entrance into Abyss, she considered this apparent fact with a good amount of incredulity. How could she have missed it? She could  swear she had only ever seen him cast black magic before!Except… for his teleportation spell, she realized with a twinge. She hadn’t given it a second thought before, but she now recalled Crow mentioning something about elder teleportation spells… Somehow, Hubert could apparently teleport without revealing an elder magic circle beneath his feet, and that had been enough for him to be able to conceal himself as a regular mage.What does this mean?She winced as she climbed the ladders deep down into the earth. She knew full well what it meant.She had a new suspect for Crow’s identity.But would Crow really be so reckless as to reveal himself to her in such a way…? He had been  so careful with the ink, and with taking care not to give away any little bits of superfluous information about himself; the idea that he would throw all of that away by suddenly revealing his identity to her without a good reason was strange, to say the very least.Why would  Hubert  do such a thing? If he had taken care to hide his knowledge of elder magic from everyone for so long, why reveal it to  her,  and why  now? It did not make any bit of sense!Not to mention that she couldn’t think of a single reason why Hubert would want to tutor her. He had been very firm in his rejection just now, as expected. He never did anything if there wasn’t something in it for him or Lady Edelgard, and he had made  extremely clear  that he did not consider Constance a boon to their cause. In fact, he had crushed her so completely during their dance at the ball that she had momentarily been forced to face the idea that all she had done since the loss of her house and her family might have been in vain.Crow might be harsh at times, but he had never even come close to insulting her the way Hubert did almost routinely.But what was she supposed to think…? Was she supposed to accept that there were hidden elder mages at Garreg Mach that had nothing to do with Crow at all…?Well, there  were the elder mages down in Abyss, of course… Hapi among them. None of them were very eager to show their powers on the surface.Perhaps it was good that she had already returned  The Compendium to the library, and that said library had closed. Otherwise, she might have written a firm note to Crow asking whether he and Hubert were the very same. As it was, she was forced to wait until early morning at the very least.Knowing full well that trying to sleep would be impossible, and realizing that Hapi had yet to come home from Sylvain’s party, Constance decided to give the shadow library another go. Besides, perhaps she could find information in the shadow library on how to gain the same kind of power that Hubert had momentarily bestowed on her?Just as earlier that evening, Constance wouldn’t risk missing valuable knowledge simply because of impatience; she carefully considered each little note she found along the way. And so it was that she stood in front of the shelves of the shadow library until early in the morning, blinking more and more frequently throughout the night in an attempt to get rid of some of the burning sleepiness in her eyes. At one point, Yuri came to visit her—perhaps to check on her, perhaps to relieve her with a moment’s entertainment—and while she would prefer to continue scouring the shelves, she had to confess he proved to be a welcome recess in her avid search for something valuable.“So how was the ball?” he asked from where he was currently balancing on the railing for the staircase up to the second floor of the library. “Was it on par with your noble expectations?”“It was alright I suppose,” Constance replied even as her fingers kept running across the backs of promising books in front of her. “Personally, I was not quite in the mood. Plenty of other people seemed to enjoy themselves to the fullest, however.”Yuri sighed deeply. “I hear you. Not even the tragedy in Remire Village will stop the surface dwellers from getting jazzed about a party,” he said. “I get that they’re probably seeking a distraction, but it still feels pretty damn selfish if you ask me. To insist on arranging the ball even after all of that...”“Well, what can I say? It’s the Church. Tradition and rules come before everything else; even human lives.”She paused, wondering whether she had blurted that out too carelessly. But to her relief, he just let out an incredulous scoff.“Really rubbed off on you, have I? It almost makes me feel bad,” he said in his annoyingly melodic lilt, “to sully something so pure.”She smiled ruefully. If he had known that she was learning elder magic from a stranger, would he still call her pure?Realizing her mistake too late, she winced.  Do not think about that. Not now! She could hear Yuri jump down from the railing and onto the floor with a low thud. If he’d wanted to be silent, she wouldn’t have heard even a creak of the floorboards.“I’m just messing with you,” he said as he sauntered up to her by the shelves, perhaps mistaking the cause of her wince. Lifting one boot onto a stack of books—causing Constance to give him a sidelong glance—he leaned in toward her with one forearm resting on his thigh. “I don’t call you Shady Lady for nothing.”She just rolled her eyes, at which he smiled before studying her face closer. Then, the smile was exchanged for a concerned frown.“Though you’re looking anything but shady right now. Maybe you should call it a day, yeah? Stop pushing yourself so hard. You’ll have a new chance to restore your house tomorrow.”“I am close to treasure, I can feel it,” she muttered as she scanned the next shelf, which was full of books and notes in chaotic disarray. This library would have needed a Tomas… The  real Tomas, not some deceptive intruder posing as him.“Suit yourself,” Yuri said with a sigh.With a snap of his fingers, a small ball of light came into being by the shelf. Constance had to admit it shed some much needed light onto the pages she had just been peering down at in her dim little corner, but his ‘help’ was still completely unnecessary.“I  do know how to cast a basic light spell, thank you very much,” she said. “And oh, please be so kind as to remove your dirty boots from those books. It’s incredibly disrespectful to sully valuable sources of information in such a way.”He smiled again, but at least he straightened and moved his boot from the pile of books. “I’m hitting the sack. See you tomorrow, milady.”“Good night,” she said distractedly, barely noticing when he left.She kept scanning the shelves in search of diamonds, and when the clock began to close in on half two in the morning, the library had been silent but for her careful rustling of pages for over an hour.It was at that point that she found a torn page that piqued her interest. The text on the page itself had been printed, but the title at the top was scribbled in loopy handwriting:  Romance of the World’s Perdition. After quickly skimming its contents, she was about to discard it as fiction when something stopped her. Perhaps it was due to overexhaustion, because she wasn’t certain exactly what made her pause, but something about the loose paragraphs pulled her in and told her to pay attention.In the land of Thinis, where the old gods are said to live, the False God has awakened. Its looming, heteromorphic vessel was resurrected to sink the world to the depths of the ocean. It will bring extinction to all children of men, and salvation to all beasts of the land, sky, and sea. For the children of men who spilled too much blood of life, it promises only cruel retribution.The False God must be defeated before the world sinks into a watery grave. To this end, the children of men have erected pillars of light upon the land. Thinis, Malum, Septen, and Llium were utterly destroyed. Those lands have vanished from this world. Yet even still, the False God stands. And soon, a flood aptly named Despair will drown this world.The children of men fled to the depths of the earth, beyond sight of the False God, beyond the embrace of the sacred sun, and beyond the reach of the waters of Despair. They swore a fervent oath of revenge against the surface world, ruled by beasts, and against their tormenter, the False God.The page, old and frayed and clearly torn from some kind of book or notebook, certainly didn’t look like much. The text, however… While it was cryptic, and while she couldn’t quite grasp the meaning of it, she still felt that she had found something worth keeping. At least for the moment—at least until she had slept a full night, and some of her senses had returned to her.Perhaps, she thought bitterly, it was the last paragraph that had struck a chord with her. Fleeing to the depths of the earth, beyond the embrace of the sun… It sounded an awful lot like her fleeing down into Abyss to escape daylight. The part about the beasts and false gods however… She had no clue what they were supposed to refer to.Nonetheless, she tucked the note into a pocket in her dress, then decided to call it a day. With a yawn, she stepped down from the small ladder she had spent the last two hours standing on. Her legs wobbled, and she had to grip the nearest bookcase to keep herself from collapsing.Perhaps, she thought as she stumbled her way to her quarters, she had gone  slightly overboard.Having expected to find Hapi asleep in her bed, she had to stop and let her brain catch up for a moment in the doorway to their shared quarters. Hapi was indeed in her bed, but she was not asleep: she was crying, sobbing silently into her palms. Constance felt a rush of red hot adrenaline shoot through her body.  That savage Gautier swine! She rushed over to the bedside and sank down on her knees, uncaring whether her dress got dirtied by the floor as she leaned in to touch her friend on the shoulder. Hapi jumped, her sobs stopping for a moment.“Co… Coco?” she sniveled, carefully parting her fingers to peak between them.“Yes,” Constance said softly. “I am here.”Hapi sobbed again but let her hands fall to the pillow, revealing a wet and mushy face. Constance stroked away a sling of hair that had stuck to her cheek.“I am such a monster,” Hapi whined.“What? You? Of course you aren’t! You can’t blame yourself for what happened!”Her lip trembled. “Who else could I blame?”Constance stared at her in incomprehension. “Why Sylvain, of course!”Hapi whined and pushed her away before burying her face in her hands again. “Of course you would think  he  did something! You’d never think  I’d be the one to screw things up!”“Now hold on a moment,” Constance said, reaching for her friend’s wrist to pull one hand away from her face. “What are you saying?”Hapi immediately tore her wrist out of her grip. She waited while Hapi spent another couple of seconds crying, then wiping her nose on the back of her hand. When she calmed down again, she met Constance’s eyes in shame.“He was… We were… And I, I…”“It’s alright,” Constance said softly, stroking her hair to calm her. Whatever had happened had clearly riled her up, and if it wasn’t Sylvain, then…“It was perfect,” Hapi whined, pausing to sniff. “Everything was great.  He  was great. He… He kissed me, and I…” She sobbed. “I  sighed .”Constance’s hand froze.“It was a happy sigh!” Hapi exclaimed in frustration. “I didn’t think!”“Are you unharmed?” she asked quietly, not wanting to make things worse.Hapi nodded, her eyes cast down as her fingers started to fiddle with the pillow. “Yeah… It was only the one, and Sylvain had quick reflexes. H-he…” She squeezed her eyes closed. “He managed to fight it off with just a few scrape marks, but oh my god Coco, I’m so embarrassed. Can you  imagine  how awkward it was? I fled before he could really say anything, because I’m sure he’ll never want to see me again!”Constance exhaled, relieved to hear that no one had come to harm. She half hoped that Hapi was right and that Sylvain would stay away, but… That was clearly not what her friend needed to hear.“If so, he is clearly not worthy of you, my dearest Hapi.”Hapi looked up at her with glossy eyes. She sniveled, and then a small, trembling smile tugged at her lips. “Thanks, Coco,” she whispered. “But I honestly think it’s the other way around.”Constance bit down her impulse to throw dirt on Sylvain. If it was true that he had protected Hapi from the monster she had unwillingly summoned, then perhaps he wasn’t  quite  so worthless as she had believed.“Can you please sleep in my bed tonight?” Hapi whispered weakly, causing Constance’s heart to just about burst with love.“Of course,” she said, squeezing her hand. “Anytime.”As Constance lay next to a sleeping Hapi in bed later that night, she allowed herself to once again consider the possibility that Crow and Hubert might be the same person. Now in a slightly calmer state of mind, she could judge that possibility more rationally. And she realized that if they  were indeed the same, she could still do nothing to confirm it at this point in time.She could see four alternatives, all of them equally bad.If she was correct about his identity, and she asked Crow in  The Compendium  whether he was Hubert, it might endanger him greatly. She had enough faith in her invisible ink to feel comfortable discussing elder magic with him even though he had written out her full name several times, but to be fair, she had no way of knowing what situation  he  was in. He had been very careful not to reveal too much about himself. If there was a risk that  The Compendium  was being read by a third party in secret, and that the third party in question could find out his true identity by reading it in the book, she couldn't possibly take that risk. She might not be on the best of terms with Hubert, but she did not wish him harm—especially not if he really was Crow. There was also the possibility that Crow might decide to end their communication if she figured out who he was, which brought her to the next point…If she was correct and confronted  Hubert about it, well… He might decide then and there that the risk outweighed the benefit, and kill her. She held no doubt whatsoever that he was capable of such a thing, and if he wanted to kill her, it was clear that he would be able to. His demonstration tonight had been proof enough of that. If keeping his identity a continued secret was important enough for him—and his secrecy so far had implied such were the case—it would be much too dangerous to reveal her suspicions to Hubert as of right now.Again, if she was  wrong and confronted Hubert, she might put Crow at risk. Hubert was resourceful and clever; if she accidentally revealed too much about Crow, he might decide to go after this other elder mage and eliminate him. In fact, Crow might already be hiding from Hubert—how would she know?So the last alternative was if she confronted Crow, and turned out to be wrong. That in itself might not lead to any risks, except if Hubert was the third party that read their communication; that could put  her in great danger. And even if it wouldn’t, the possibility that she was correct about Crow’s identity was too high, and so she was back at square one again.So there was little she could do, as long as all of these risks remained. All she could do was wait for an opportunity, for Crow to reveal himself willingly, or try to bait him into doing it. Perhaps now that she had her firm suspicions, she could tailor her messages more thoughtfully for that purpose… That is, if she was right about his identity. If she wasn’t… This was as good a distraction as any.If Hubert was indeed Crow, she had to admit that he had plotted this well.

Do you have something to fight for, Crow? Something keeping you afloat even in the darkest of times? I do; I have a singular drive that pulls me out of bed each morning and keeps my spirits high even when the world around me threatens to drown me in sorrow. Usually, this drive is strong enough to hold me together and keep me on pace. Sometimes, however, the struggle is true and harsh. At those times, it can feel as though I shall never succeed; as though I shall remain at the bottom, powerless and weak, and die in the mud as a failure. Alone.

I am not writing this to receive your pity. I am writing this because, as odd as it may sound, you are becoming part of what drives me forward. I simply wanted you to know that; to know that I appreciate everything that you do for me. You have opened up a new and incredible world to me that I would never have delved into if it weren’t for you.

I… certainly did not expect a note like this, but I appreciate your sincerity. As a matter of fact, I do have something singular to fight for as well, which is why I can understand—and admire—your tenacity.

However, “I” am nothing but scribbles in your margins, and so I must caution you not to grow too fond of me. It will only lead to disappointment.

Are you suggesting that I would be disappointed at learning your true identity?

Forgive me for yesterday’s note. I was not in my right mind; although I did mean everything I said, it was inappropriate of me to get so personal.

It’s not that I necessarily mind personal. It’s more that my “personal” tends to scare others away. I wouldn’t want that to happen here.

And why is that, Crow? Have you perchance grown fond of your elder magic apprentice?

About as fond as one can grow of any kind of project. I would hate for all my hard work to have been for nothing.

Ha-ha. In that case, I should see to it that I reply to the rest of your notes on elder spells, hm? I’m afraid that shall have to wait until tomorrow, however. I have managed to accrue some very exclusive coffee beans, which I shall grind and share with a dear friend of mine.

Coffee, you say... Most people consider it an overly bitter brew.

Folly, if you ask me! I assume from your reply that your tastes are more refined than that? Perhaps one day we can meet in person and discuss elder magic over a pot of freshly brewed coffee… For today, however, it shall have to be handled within the margins.

Before I reply to your former notes, there is something I would like to ask you. The night of the ball—the night that I wrote you that note—I ran into a mage in my class. He challenged me to a battle, and at the end, he did something I have never before experienced. With his hands wrapped around my wrists, he somehow granted me more power than I have ever felt before. It was immense and overpowering; I felt that I would be able to burn the entire monastery to a crisp with a snap of a finger. Have you any idea of what he might have done? As it turns out, this mage knows elder magic, so I suppose it could be an elder spell—what do you think?

I asked if he could tutor me, but he firmly refused. There was no swaying him.

That sounds like elder magic, yes. Powerful elder mages can learn magic that allows us to share magic reserves with other mages. That includes transferring power from ourselves to another mage or draining other mages of their power in order to temporarily gain more power for ourselves.

Do you mean to suggest that he drained his own power and transferred it to me…? That seems quite dangerous, especially with someone he does not fully trust.

I cannot know his motives, only that what you described sounds like elder sharing. You are correct in that it’s dangerous. If you truly felt such overwhelming power, that would imply that he drained most all of his own reserves and transferred them to you. If you wanted to, it would have been extraordinarily easy for you to turn his own magic against him—and snap him in two like a dry twig. Are you certain that this mage does not trust you?

I believed that I was… It might simply be that he is confident in his own abilities, no? He has shown no signs whatsoever of trusting me. In fact, whenever we interact, he always seems to have something new to berate me for or insult me with. Do not think that I could care any less than I do, however; he is an unpleasant being if there ever was one. I am glad that he refused to tutor me. Especially since I have you.

Very well, but this is one of the things I cannot teach you until you go through the elder ritual.

And there is no hope of that in the near future, I suppose…?

Correct. The ritual is irreversible and may have unexpected consequences. You need to be more experienced, and above all, fully aware of the risks.

And when I am, will you be able to perform the ritual?

Not the exact one that was performed on me, but a lighter version, yes. I will. For now, keep practising the fundamentals.

And Constance... stay wary of the other elder mage.

Oh, no complaints on that point, I assure you!

“Sit! No, sit! No—yes, good boy. Now sit still.”With one hand still raised in front of her, palm facing the irrationally happy dog, Constance leaned forward to read through her notes again. They were scribbled out between Crow’s notes on the back of M. Geradius’ article,  On Source Magic . She’d brought the article with the notes to the courtyard, together with a stray dog she had found on the way. On sunny days, the courtyard tended to be full of people, but on a cloudy Sunday morning such as this one, she was completely alone. She could hear chatter from passersby on the other side of the hedge from time to time, but it was nothing too distracting.Now if only she could figure out this spell! She was still struggling with the elder syntax, although at this point, it was no longer because of the algebra.A magic syntax could be best explained as a set of rules for a particular magic field. It declared the combinations of signs that were considered to be correctly structured statements or expressions; it was based on the spatial layout and connections between signs. The syntax generally consisted of three different levels: variables, grammar, and context. The variables and grammar corresponded to a spell’s content and form; put simply, if elder magic was a language, the variables and the grammar would be the  words  and  the rules  for how to correctly form them into sentences.Context, lastly, determined what the variables referred to and how they fit together. Comparing it again to a language, context would be what decided the meaning of a word, such as “dog”, and in which situations that particular word would be possible or suitable to use. As such, in magic, it comprised the fundamental building blocks of the syntax. For this reason, context was often overlooked by mere practitioners of magic, but was of great import in magical research and development. If one were to invent a new spell, for example, one needed to have fully grasped the context. And this was what Constance was now struggling to learn in regards to elder magic.That might not have been an issue, had Crow handed her the exact instructions for an existing elder spell. However, this was simply not the case; instead, he had given her bits and pieces and suggestions for how they might be combined in various ways to make up the spell. He’d said he couldn’t swear that it would work at all, since the variant he used relied on much stronger elder magic, but this was the only possible way for her to achieve anything even close to the results she wanted, so she had to bear with the uncertainty.While she had yet to fully grasp the syntax, that did not mean that she had made no progress at all. She had managed to cast a version of the spell several times; however, there always came a point where it fell apart for no reason apparent to her. Certainly a reason  existed , but the next step was figuring out exactly what it was. She had to assume that she had somehow misinterpreted or misused a variable in some way. The magic circles she had managed to conjure had seemed mostly correct, but there had to be a mistake somewhere. The magic circle was a visual representation of a given spell within the framework of the syntax, so if something was wrong with the syntax, she would be able to see it with her own two eyes if she just studied the magic circle closely enough. This meant that the current issue was keeping the failing spell up for long enough that she could find the mistake.Constance looked up from the notes and returned her attention to the dog, who seemed just about ready to jump up into her lap. She’d learned that as long as she held her hand up, the animal could be fairly attentive.“Now then,” she said, grabbing the antique clasp beside her with her right hand and transferring it to her left, “let us make another attempt, shall we?”Focusing on the dog, she raised her right hand and began the spell anew. Just as Crow had taught her, she pulled from her inner magic reserves, trying to weave that energy through the complex formulas the spell was built upon. At first, nothing happened at all; but then a faint purple glow started beneath her feet. Exhilarated, she continued to painstakingly twist the strands of magic into the right shape, all while staring the dog in the eyes. Casting elder magic took much longer than any other magic she knew, but then it was much more complex than black and faith magic combined.After a moment, she saw the dog still and move its gaze to the antique clasp with an almost glassy look in its eyes.  Yes! Yes, focus on the clasp. Feel its scent… Can you feel it? With no warning at all, the animal jumped up and took the clasp in its jaws. Constance gleefully watched as it started walking away from her; had it worked?But then the dog lay down in the grass and started playing with the clasp. She let out an exasperated groan. Was this animal simply stupid?Two figures entered her cone of vision from the right, and she glanced up to see Edelgard and Hubert walk by. Not wanting them to see her, she immediately cast down her eyes and pretended to read from her note; but out of the corner of her eye, she could see Edelgard stop and look at the dog in the middle of the courtyard. And then… her gaze moved over to—“Constance,” the Imperial princess called. “I didn’t see you there.”Constance took a deep breath and lifted her gaze, a smile plastered on her lips. Edelgard was walking toward her now, with her retainer close behind. She avoided his piercing gaze, still not quite sure how to act in his presence.“Your Highness,” she greeted, getting up from the bench to give a bow. At the same time, she discreetly tucked the article in a dress pocket. “Good morning. I hope I didn’t disturb you on your walk.”“Don’t worry about it,” Edelgard assured her, coming to a stop a couple of feet away. She glanced back at the happy dog in the grass. “Are you training one of the stray dogs?”“Something along those lines,” Constance admitted, then forced herself to sound more confident. “I am attempting a new kind of spell; my intention is to strengthen the dog’s smell, in a way, so that it can seek out near impossible things!” She pointed to the jewelry currently soaked in dog drool. “Professor Byleth found that clasp in the pond, but he has as of yet been unable to find the correct owner. I asked if I could make an attempt with my magic.”Edelgard nodded slowly as she took this information in. “That’s interesting. And how are you faring?”Still ignoring Hubert completely, she gave a short laugh. “Ah, I am making very good progress! Very good indeed. I just have a few adjustments to make.”In the short pause that followed, the sound of the dog’s heavy breathing as it played with the clasp became almost unbearably loud.  Please don’t ask me to demonstrate, please don’t ask me to— “Would you care to show me?”Constance grinned. “But of course! I thought you’d never ask.”Trying to remember the crucial parts from her note, she strode up to the dog, not bothering to take the clasp from it. Perhaps the spell would work better if it already held the thing in its mouth, anyway.Fully aware that Lady Edelgard and Hubert were both watching her every move, Constance nervously raised her hands in front of her, focusing on the dog’s head. Once again, like she had done so many times this morning, she gathered the energy from within and tried to channel it through her body and out through her hands, the fingers of which she moved almost imperceptibly as she attempted to weave the spell through the correct formula. For a long moment, nothing happened at all, but then just as Edelgard glanced down at the dog a few feet away, the faint purple began to glow around Constance’s feet again, and the outline of a magic circle started building below her.“Look!” she exclaimed happily. “Look at my feet!”But something strange happened as Edelgard turned to look. The very moment that she moved her gaze from the dog and over to Constance’s feet, the magic circle evaporated, and the beginning of the spell fizzled out without explanation. She startled, staring at her own hands. That… had never happened before. It was as though something had drained her all of a sudden. A silencing spell…? But there was no faith mage nearby!She gave Hubert a sidelong glance. Was this somehow his making? Had he drained her power with the elder sharing spell? But she had thought that he would need to at least touch her for that…“I am looking,” Edelgard said slowly. “What am I supposed to see?”Disappointed and humiliated, Constance lowered her hands to her sides. “I… Er, I think the dog is simply tired. I shall let it rest for a moment.”Edelgard looked up to meet her gaze with her own. “I see,” she said. “Well, what is it they say? Back in the saddle? Perhaps you can use another dog. There are quite a lot of them around here, after all.”“Thank you, your Highness. I will consider it,” she said with another forced smile.Edelgard smiled and nodded. “I have somewhere I need to be. See you around, Constance.”“Have a good day, Lady Edelgard.”She watched as Edelgard left the courtyard. Strangely, however, Hubert remained where he was, studying the dog in silence. Or was he perhaps examining the clasp from a distance? Either way, the fact that he had said nothing so far and made no move to leave was beginning to unnerve her. Was she supposed to just ignore him and get back to what she was doing?Thankfully—or perhaps regretfully—Hubert solved her conundrum after another moment. When Edelgard was safely out of sight, he lifted his gaze to look at Constance. Something a little different was behind his gaze this time, although she couldn’t place her finger on what it was.When he finally spoke, he did it in a low voice.“You should be more cautious about practicing such magic out in the open,” he said. “Someone less… sympathetic, let’s say, might not be so understanding.”Constance tried her best to keep her expression calm. She looked at him, thoughts racing over the fact that he had pointed out her use of elder magic; but he simply blinked back at her, completely unfazed.“Such magic?” she asked quietly. Perhaps she could lure him into revealing more...?He made a displeased sound and started to turn away. Before leaving, he gave her a short reply over his shoulder.“Dark magic,” he said simply.Constance pursed her lips, watching in silent thought as Hubert walked toward the courtyard’s exit. Dark magic, he had said. Not elder magic.“Wait,” she called out.He stopped, but did not turn around or even glance in her direction.Crow had warned her to be wary of Hubert—well, of ‘the other elder mage’, to be exact—and considering what he’d told her about other elder mages, she supposed that she could follow his logic. But Hubert was in the same house as her, and he was undyingly loyal to Lady Edelgard. As long as Constance’s interests aligned with those of the Imperial princess, he should have no reason to interfere or try to harm her. Judging by his warning alone, it was unlikely that he would tell anyone what he had seen in the courtyard.He had however made it quite clear that he did not consider Constance’s magic very useful to the future Empress. Even at her rather desperate offer to him on the night of the ball, he had refused as though it was the simplest thing in the world. Just thinking about it made her cheeks burn. But she couldn’t let her own pride come in the way of magical achievement, could she?Having made her mind on at least giving it  one more try, she strode up to Hubert, watching as he turned to face her. He looked down at her with mild disinterest.“We both know what just occurred,” she said in a hushed voice, staring up at him intently. “I do not know how you did it, but somehow you silenced my spell. We also both know that you are a…” She paused, silently debating with herself which word to use. “A dark mage, and that I am attempting to cast a spell of such magic. Now, you already said ‘no’ once before, but—”“My answer remains the same,” he said.“But why?! Surely there is no harm in simply giving me some pointers?”“I do not owe you a reason,” he began with a pointed look, “but I shall grant you one nonetheless.” He lowered his voice. “Seeing how knowledgeable you are on the subject, surely you should know the risks of getting involved. To be frank, I have no interest in putting both myself and my liege at risk for your sake. That is why you will not ask me to assist you again.”The direct, rather impassionate way that he uttered the last sentence did nothing to soften the meaning carried by the words themselves. Constance knew better than to keep arguing with him.“I understand,” she said simply, somewhat deflated.He nodded, then turned on his heel and left her alone in the courtyard.The dog growled happily behind her, reminding her of its existence. Well then, alone with a useless animal, she supposed. She glanced over her shoulder. It was still playing with the antique clasp, now shuffling it around in the grass with its paws. Constance sighed deeply.Perhaps she should rest and have something to eat, to replenish her energy reserves.She was fully prepared to have lunch on her own, but as she scoured the room for a place to sit with her plate, she caught sight of Hapi. Her best friend sat alone at the end of one of the long tables, hair hanging down into her face as she picked at her food. Constance’s face soured with the memory of how she’d found her crying in bed a little over a week ago now. The scoundrel Sylvain hadn’t even talked to her since that night; a fact which had made Hapi even more self-conscious about her unwanted powers.Constance strode over to her friend with decisive steps and placed her plate and  The Compendium on the opposite side of the table, catching Hapi’s attention as she sat down with a smile.“My dear Hapi,” she exclaimed. “How fortunate I am to find you here! I was prepared to dine alone, but alas, sharing a meal with a friend is always preferable.”The other girl gave a weak smile that faded immediately. “Hey Coco.” She eyed  The Compendium.  “Any new breakthroughs?”“Ah,” she sighed, picking up her utensils. “Not today, I’m afraid. Perhaps I need a new dog.”“Or a wolf,” Hapi suggested.Constance considered it as she cut into her boar steak. A wolf… Yes, perhaps a wild animal would be less inclined to toy with the item.“Yuri would probably be able to find you one,” her friend continued before sticking a forkful of food in her mouth.“Ugh,” Constance said with an eye roll. “I’d rather go out into the woods and capture one myself.”“‘Ees nodat vad,” Hapi munched.Constance arched an eyebrow. “Hapi, you know I can’t understand a thing when you speak with your mouth full.”Hapi huffed but took a moment to finish chewing before repeating herself. “He’s not that bad,” she clarified, then paused to look down at her plate. “He came to check on me after Flayn disappeared, you know. He didn’t say why, but I have a pretty good idea.”“I am aware that he is capable of being pleasant,” Constance said with a sigh as she cut her next bite. “Especially when he wants something. As a general rule, however, he is simply infuriating.”Hapi studied her for a moment as they both chewed. Thankfully, this time she waited to speak until she had swallowed her food.“He has a weak spot for you,” she said.Constance paused with her fork halfway to her mouth. “Excuse me?”Her friend shrugged. “With everyone else, he’s either empathetic and nice in his own way, or he swindles them for everything they have. But with you? He gets this playful gleam in his eyes. He loves to press your buttons and see how you react, just for the heck of it.”Constance grimaced. “I fail to see how that would signify—”“It means he thinks you’re  interesting ,” she emphasized. “That’s like, the highest compliment you can get from Yuri-bird.”Interesting, hm? Perhaps that was true. He had called her both strange and unique at several different occasions. But the idea that he felt anything more for her than for the other Ashen Wolves… That was preposterous.“If he wishes to court me, he can do it properly like any gentleman,” she said, sticking her fork in one of the grilled vegetables. “That aside, I sincerely believe that you are mistaken.”Hapi shrugged again, picking at her food. “Maybe I am. I’m useless at love, anyway.”Constance winced. She needed to change the subject now, before Hapi sank too deeply into her depressed state. Perhaps she could suggest they go bake some kind of sweet treats together, to cheer her up? Her magic studies weren’t going anywhere today anyhow, and she needed a break. Besides, she could sweeten any dish to Hapi’s liking with the use of magic! And spending time with Hapi was always—“Well  he-llo ladies!”

She looked up from her plate to locate the direction from where the sickening voice had come and quickly located Sylvain Gautier as he sauntered toward their table, smile wide and the top buttons on his shirt unbuttoned as usual. One glance at Hapi told her that she had recognized the voice as well and was currently staring in terror at the bite of food resting on her fork.“Two girls as beautiful as you shouldn’t be allowed to spend time in the same place. I was almost blinded when I entered the room.”“Sylvain,” Constance said dryly, hoping to signal to him that he wasn’t welcome. If he noticed, he didn’t care.“Constance,” he lilted smoothly.He shifted his weight and leaned in toward the table, supporting himself with both palms against its surface. Then he smiled down at Hapi, who had lowered her head so that her face was completely veiled by her hair. Constance considered telling him to go drag something old and foul-scenting over his head, but while he was as annoying as always, he hadn’t yet overstepped any actual boundaries.“Hey Hapi,” he said, leaning in slightly more toward her and lowering his voice. Constance could still hear him just fine, however. “I’m sorry I haven’t come talked to you yet. My father was… Actually, never mind. Anyway, I wanted to tell you how much fun I had with you last time. It was really great.”Anyone who didn’t know Hapi might not even register her reaction. But Constance saw the way in which she stilled, her gaze flickering up to Sylvain before promptly fixing itself to the table. Her cheeks were already dusted with a warmer color.“Y-yeah,” she said weakly.At Sylvain’s angle, he likely couldn’t see much of her expression at all, so he only had her uncertain reply to go on. Still, he continued.“And so I was wondering whether you’d let me treat you to dinner tonight?” He paused and glanced at Constance before firing off a dazzling smile toward Hapi. “Nothing would make me Hapi -er than if you agreed to go on a date with me.”Constance groaned quietly and leaned forward against the table, resting her chin in her right palm. “Truly, the eloquence of the Gautier heir is unmatched,” she muttered below her breath.

To her great chagrin, she could hear Hapi giggling in response. Hapi  never giggled. Constance’s hand fell to the table with a thud as she stared at her friend, but she and Sylvain were so preoccupied with each other that neither of them seemed to notice or care.“What do you say?” he asked.Hapi smiled beneath her veil of hair. “Y-yeah, sure.”Sylvain’s face lit up instantly, his smile widening. “Really? I—I mean…” He cleared his throat. “Meet you around here at, let’s say, seven?”Hapi nodded quickly.“Great,” he said, smiling at her for another moment before he straightened again. “See ya later.”He looked to Constance, who immediately looked away. She could not help but feel disappointed at her friend’s eagerness to please this insincere man; she refused to give him the pleasure of her own cooperation.“Have a lovely day, girls,” he said happily as he started in the direction he had come from.When she was certain that he had left, Constance lifted her gaze with a sigh—only to meet Hapi’s intense gaze. Her eyes were wide as dinner plates, her cheeks nearly as red as her hair.“Did… did you  hear that? ” she whispered forcefully.“Oh yes,” Constance drawled. “Every single word. You are aware of his reputation, yes?”It took a moment before Hapi seemed to register the question. Her dumbstruck smile slowly faded, being exchanged for a frown at first, and then a scowl. If it meant she would come down from her high of being approached by Sylvain, then so be it; she could scorn her all she liked.“He’s actually really, really nice, you know,” she said.“Indeed,” Constance replied dryly, “he is just as pleasant to all the girls that he hunts—until he loses interest and philanders his way over to the next one in line.”“You don’t know that,” Hapi argued, stabbing her fork into the remaining piece of meat on her plate without breaking eye contact. “Who would go to that much trouble just to get another trophy?”Constance shook her head. “You are a challenge, Hapi. A riddle for him to solve.”Say what you will about Sylvain Gautier, but he had certainly proven that he wasn’t stupid. Not that it was much consolation in this case.Hapi stood up from her seat abruptly, tossing her cutlery onto the plate with a sharp clatter. “Why are you so mean?” she asked. “Why can’t you accept that someone might actually like me for who I am?”Constance stared at her, mouth agape. How in the world had she managed to draw  that conclusion? To think that her best friend would sincerely believe that she meant her harm—“Hapi!” she exclaimed in dismay when the other girl spun on her heel and stomped away from the table, toward the exit. Constance fervently grabbed  The Compendium  and stumbled after her, but came to a stop when Hapi held up a hand in warning without even looking over her shoulder. Constance was left standing in the middle of the dining hall with what seemed like the eyes of every single student at Garreg Mach silently fixed to her.Was this truly her fault? Had she been too severe in her judgment of Sylvain, or was it simply that Hapi couldn’t see him for what he was?She cleared her throat and plastered a smile onto her lips, pretending as though nothing of import had happened. Then she calmly went back to the table to retrieve both her own and Hapi’s plate. As she made her way toward the kitchen, the soft murmur of the room had returned to its regular state, and she breathed a sigh of relief.If not for Sylvain’s sake, then perhaps for Hapi’s sake at least… she could give him another chance.Hubert was running out of time.After the assassination of Byleth’s father, the Knights of Seiros had spread out all around Garreg Mach in search of his killers. This had the unfortunate consequence of leaving the monastery’s fighting strength depleted for the time being, which might very well have been their enemies’ real objective. Or it might not be. The truth was that however much he wished he had all the answers, he still had a long way to go in finding them.His investigation so far had only turned up meager information. Perhaps that was to be expected, considering the slithering nature of his enemies. There were still so many unanswered questions; regarding their numbers, their plans, their base of operations… But perhaps most importantly, their powers. Even though he had been granted some of that power for himself, he had barely scratched the surface of the iceberg that was elder magic.But he had no time to dig more deeply into such things at the moment; he had to trust that Linhardt would do his job and find something useful for him. Now that the end of Lady Edelgard’s little play-pretend was drawing nearer, Hubert found himself having much less time for anything that wasn’t crucial to the plan. He had to prioritize hard.And that was why, instead of continuing his search for their true enemies, Hubert had made his way to the monastery graveyard.A woman stood by the mound, looking out over the view beyond; looking for all the world like any other Knight of Seiros. He calmly strode over to her side, gazing off toward the horizon. A mist seemed to be coming in from the South, along with large clouds forming on an otherwise blue sky.“Lord von Vestra,” the knight said by way of greeting. She surreptitiously slipped him a folded piece of parchment, which he immediately tucked into one of his pockets.“We can expect foul weather this afternoon,” he said.“Better wear a warm overcoat,” the knight agreed. “Might even get snow.”Hubert sighed. “It’s that time of the year, hm.”When he later unfolded the parchment in private, he found a map of the area around the monastery grounds, with a mark and a short note at one specific spot. As insinuated by the knight, they could expect an ambush in the woods. The enemy’s movements were suspicious, to say the least.With this information in hand, he walked back to meet Lady Edelgard in the courtyard. She stood by the gazebo, hands locked behind her back as she seemed to ponder on something particularly important. This part of the courtyard was empty but for two other students in a corner, chatting away their morning break between classes.He approached Edelgard from behind. While he had found during his time in the academy that most people tended not to appreciate him doing so, Edelgard had an incredible ability to register his presence long before she should be able to. It was a skill even he could not fathom.“Hubert,” she greeted him today, glancing over her shoulder to watch as he drew closer.“Your Highness,” he said with a bow.“Any news?”“I have located the enemy forces. They have been spotted close to the monastery, in the Sealed Forest. The Archbishop has gathered her knights to begin a search in secret.”“Hm… She must be afraid that a thirst for revenge will compel our professor to seek them out.”“Excellent theory,” he said. “Will you tell him?”She considered this for a moment. “... I believe there is no feasible alternative. He may be struck by grief after the recent loss of his father, but we cannot wait any longer.”“It’s likely even he would like to see his father’s assassins fall,” Hubert said. “It might serve his interests as well as yours. We all possess the capacity for wanting revenge, don’t we?”“Yes,” she agreed. “It would be ruthless to keep such an important piece of information from him.”Hubert simply nodded, knowing that this was all Lady Edelgard needed at this point.It was highly unlikely that the sighting in the Sealed Forest was anything other than a trap for Byleth, but that didn’t change the fact that they needed to go on this mission. Their enemies were up to something, and whatever it was, they had to be stopped.

The mist had enveloped everything but their immediate surroundings in a gray haze, the clouds on the sky veiling even the sun from view. A gust of wind blew through the trees, whistling quietly as it passed between the Black Eagle students. While Constance normally appreciated such dusky weather, in the wake of the commotion a mere few seconds ago the silence made the scene in front of her almost surreal.A red haired woman lay motionless on the stone clad ground. Not five minutes earlier, they had been struggling to dodge her lightning fast sword arm as they attempted to land any hits of their own. Only a minute ago, that same arm had reached desperately for their professor, begging to be saved, as an unidentified object unlike any heart Constance had ever seen had been torn out of the woman’s chest by way of magic and crushed in a tight fist. Now the arm was slack and lifeless, pointing toward the robed man standing a few paces away, where the professor had stood until a short moment ago.The man, smirking, turned from where the sparks of ancient magic had just begun to evaporate in the air, and toward the group of baffled students by the forest to his right. Edelgard lowered her shield slightly, staring at the man in shock.“You… What…”Solon’s smirk grew until it could nearly be called a grin; a twisted, wicked kind of grin that made Constance’s stomach turn.“Poor girl,” he taunted the Imperial princess. “So distraught by the idea of losing your dear Professor.”The other students squirmed in silence. Losing? Surely he could not mean—“Your beloved mentor has been swallowed by the mystical darkness of the forbidden spell of Zahras. Now he shall spend an eternity wandering in a void of darkness, never to return to this world…”Edelgard shook her head vehemently. “I refuse to believe that my teacher is gone,” she said in a low voice, barely loud enough to reach Constance. She raised her shield again. “Hubert.”The princess’ vassal came up from behind her, his gaze fixed on Solon. Already, his hands were wrapped in the beginning of a spell—noticeably not an elder one.“It seems unlikely that our professor would be so easily defeated,” he agreed. “He would not die without a gruesome fight. This must be some kind of trick.”“Oh,” Solon replied with a dark laugh, “but it is not. It is possible that death has yet to find your friend, but there are worse things than death. Drifting through the darkness with no chance to escape... Overwhelmed with hopelessness…” He trailed off with another smirk. “It must be torturous.” Overwhelmed with hopelessness…  Constance shivered involuntarily. She knew a thing or two about that.“You’re already boasting a victory,” Edelgard said, her voice decisive now, “but know this—if you did use such devious tricks to stop our professor... I swear that you will regret it.”Solon scoffed. He raised his hands in the beginning of an elder spell. “I will not forgive such arrogance,” he said. “If you prefer it so, you shall also be added to the ranks of the dead!”Constance moved into a prepared stance just as the other students, but before a single spell or arrow could be fired, the place where professor Byleth had evaporated into thin air just now sparked to life again. Solon’s smirk disappeared, his eyes widening as he turned back to face the sparks, where the tip of a brightly shining sword sliced a glowing fissure into the air. He stumbled back from the fissure, seemingly unable to take his eyes off the strange red light emanating from it.Constance watched as the fissure widened into a full  gap  in the air, just a moment before a familiar figure leaped through the hole and landed smoothly on the ground in front of Solon.  This magic… If Solon had locked the professor away with an elder spell, then what was this? Faith magic of some kind?Byleth straightened to his full height, his shape illuminated by the burning fissure behind him. With his gaze fixed on the elder mage, he raised his sword, which was still as bright as the sun’s beams. The sight made Constance stumble back and cast down her eyes, hoping to convince herself that no matter how harsh the light was, it was  not in fact the sun in front of him.“So the Fell Star consumes even the darkness itself,” Solon uttered in disbelief.“Professor,” Edelgard gasped, her shield now hanging loosely at her side.Byleth turned his head to look at her, but he did not say a word. And it was at this moment, as the fissure began to close behind him, that Constance realized that something about his appearance had changed. Instead of the dark—almost black—hair that had previously adorned him, it now fell in light green cascades around his face.This might have been Solon’s best moment to escape: while their professor, and Edelgard, were both occupied. But to Constance’s surprise, the man instead chose to directly address professor Byleth.“What did you see in the darkness of Zahras?” he asked, awe-struck even as he took another slow step back. “This should have been impossible… The only being that can withstand the darkness is…”Byleth turned back to face him, and as his fingers flexed around the hilt of his sword, Solon seemed to snap out of his paralysis. His eyes darkened, his hands moving in front of his chest to begin a spell anew. At the same time, Constance discreetly moved her hands behind her back and began preparing a spell of her own.“It matters not. Unless I dispose of you myself, I may never have the chance to send you back there.”“Give up, Solon!” Edelgard called, readying her axe and moving toward him and Byleth. Hubert moved close behind, his hands glowing in warning. “You lost the moment you failed to kill the professor.”A magic circle appeared below Solon’s feet. As he gathered the last strands of magic required to cast his spell, his smirk returned.“You are but savage, insignificant beasts, yet you think you can kill me?” he mocked, causing Constance to pause. That expression... “You are about to breathe your last breath.”Everything happened extremely fast in the next moments. Constance threw out her hands in front of her chest, casting a precise ice spell toward Solon. At the same time, Byleth whipped his relic sword in the same direction; Edelgard rushed with her axe toward him; and the rest of the class moved into action as well. But Solon was an incredibly powerful opponent, and he could have easily cut their numbers in half with just a few spells. He deflected Constance’s spell without even looking, and jumped out of the way of the sword. What ultimately ended up giving them the advantage they needed, however, was something he didn’t seem able to foresee. As he was about to cast his spell, Constance registered at the edge of her attention that Hubert raised a gloved hand and crushed it into a fist, and Solon’s spell died just before it left his hands.The old man had clearly expected it to land, because he looked completely dumbstruck—and in the next moment, Edelgard was upon him, swinging her axe toward his head.“I will not lose to mere beasts!” he exclaimed, successfully shielding himself with a last-second elder spell. The axe rebounded off and out of Edelgard’s grip, causing her to stumble back with a yelp.“No,” Byleth said as he readied his sword again. “You won’t.”The mysterious power of the sword activated, rapidly extending it in a whipping motion toward Solon. This time, with all of the students of the Black Eagles to divide his attention between, he couldn’t put up a barrier quickly enough. The sword sliced neatly into his dominant arm, causing him to yell out and drop to his knees. He raised a trembling left hand, panting as he tried to focus on the man whom he had failed to kill.“This… is not… the end,” he forced out. “Thales will… carry out our mission, somehow…”“Disarm him!” Edelgard called. “He’s going to—”Hubert raised his hand again, but this time, it was too late. With one last exertion of his power, Solon engulfed himself in flames from top to toe. Constance darted forward and called upon her fire magic to kill the heat, but when the flames died down, Solon was already dead.Once again, the clearing in the forest was silent. All that could be heard was the wind whistling through the trees and the quick pants of breath from the students and their teacher.“It’s over,” Byleth said.As their professor crouched down on one knee to study the dead man more closely, Constance let her arms drop to her sides. She stared at the charred shape on the ground, feeling incredibly uneasy—although she could not quite put her finger on why.“That hair,” Edelgard said, prompting Byleth to look up at her over his shoulder. His hair was clearly not all that had changed; his gaze was apparently brighter as well. “And those eyes… What happened to you?”After a moment’s consideration, their professor got to his feet again, facing first the whole class, then Edelgard.“The goddess gifted me her power,” he said steadily.Constance believed she could discern a sneer on Hubert’s face; just for a second before it vanished. Yes, it was difficult to fathom that their teacher would have been blessed by a higher power… Especially since Yuri had firmly planted the idea in her head that the goddess might not even exist; that it was all just ‘smoke and mirrors,’ as he had put it.Edelgard seemed hesitant to accept it as well.“The goddess?” she asked warily. “I see… There are historical records of that kind of thing happening before. It is said that Saint Seiros herself received a divine revelation from the goddess. It is hard to grasp, but… you do carry the Sword of the Creator. Perhaps the goddess looks favorably upon you…”Byleth said nothing; he simply let his gaze return to Solon’s motionless body.“And just how,” Edelgard continued in a slightly lower voice, “will you use this new power, professor?”If there was a reply, Constance didn’t hear it. Solon’s last words spun around inside her mind, and she couldn’t help feeling that there was something there, some hidden meaning, that was just out of her grasp… Their Professor had been banished away to a place of darkness, which Solon had called ‘Zahras’. Yet he had managed to break free; something which the elder mage had proclaimed could only be done by some kind of special being… Could he truly have been talking about the goddess herself? Or possibly Saint Seiros…?“Professor!”Constance was pulled out of her thoughts to see Byleth collapsed on the ground beside Solon, with Edelgard leaning over him in concern.“This must be a side effect of his recent… changes,” she said quietly as she placed two fingers against his neck. “There’s a pulse, at least.” She looked up toward her retainer, who stood just behind her. “Hubert, will you carry him?”“Of course, Your Highness,” he responded with a bow before leaning down to lift their teacher into his arms.Quiet murmurs broke out among the students as they all made their way back to the monastery. Even though Constance’s mind was swirling with questions, she noticed that the only other person except herself who was walking in complete silence the entire way was Linhardt.

In the early days of our acquaintance, we once discussed whether the goddess exists or not. I would like to return to that discussion for a moment.

Professor Byleth has stated that he was granted divine powers by the goddess. His appearance has changed, and he apparently has unlocked new abilities to use on the battlefield. I saw him tear a fissure into reality itself with his relic sword; I cannot come up with any other explanation than that he is telling the truth. But why would the goddess be bothered to grant divine powers to a mere human? I am aware of what the legend says about Saint Seiros, who was supposedly granted powers in a similar way. What irks me is that I cannot combine this idea with what you have told me about the magic syntaxes: ”do I believe that [the goddess] is the one who binds the power of a faith spell? Hardly.” If the goddess is capable of blessing ordinary humans, would she not be capable of binding the power of spells cast by humans as well?

There are enough historical records of the goddess’ deeds to assume that she was once very involved in the lives of us humans. This has not been so for a long, long time, however. After the War of Heroes 1,000 years ago, she is said to have withdrawn ‘into the heavens from whence she came’... Since then, there has been no mention of her taking an active role in our world throughout our modern history. That role has instead been filled by Saint Seiros.

Then how could professor Byleth be granted divine powers from the goddess herself?

A fair question. I’m curious to hear your theories.

Well… If the goddess has been absent ever since the War of Heroes… I suppose she was either killed, or withdrew for another reason—perhaps out of disappointment in the human race. If she was killed, she could not bless anyone with powers. If disappointed… I fail to see what would bring her back to bless the professor. Could he be a descendant of Saint Seiros? But no, he can wield the Sword of the Creator, which only Nemesis could before him. A descendant of Nemesis, then…? Why would the goddess wish to bless someone who betrayed her? And why return to do it now, after so many centuries of inactivity?

Nemesis supposedly had no descendants. Whether or not a person can use a certain Relic depends on their Crest. If both Nemesis and Byleth can wield the Sword of the Creator, they must have the same Crest.

A Relic also requires a Crest Stone to function. The historical evidence is inconclusive, but it is said that the sword wielded by Nemesis did contain a Crest Stone. However… The sword now wielded by the professor does not carry one, yet it still seems to contain its full power. According to Crest research, this should not be possible.

Perhaps professor Byleth is a reincarnation of the goddess herself! Now that would be a surprising turn of events, wouldn’t you say?

Speaking of turns of events, there is something else I wanted to ask you. In Solon’s final moments, he called us ‘insignificant beasts’. I am certain that I recognize that expression from somewhere. I could not find it when I browsed through our notes; however, I would be remiss not to ask whether you recognize it as well.

I do not recognize it. Perhaps Solon used it as a derogatory term meant to destabilize you, as a last attempt to escape certain death. Either way, I wouldn’t deem it worth following. Focus on your elder studies instead. You still have much to learn, and graduation is drawing nearer. You should study hard while you still have time.

You say that as though our exchanges are drawing to a close as well. Surely we can stay in contact after graduation; there are other ways to interact than in the margins of an old library book, you know! Such as, just off the top of my mind, over a pot of exquisite coffee… Perhaps we could travel to Morfis together. I have wanted to go there for a long time now to see what new mysteries I may unravel in the great metropolis of magic, but the journey would certainly be more rewarding if made together with a mage of your rank.

It seems you do not fully grasp the consequences of what we are doing here. As long as the Church is in power, I cannot go public with my orientation, and neither should you. They—above all, the archbishop—view elder magic as a threat. A threat that they feel they need to control, lock away and keep under close surveillance. A threat to use for their own gains or to eliminate. Certainly you must have noticed that your underground haven contains an uncommonly large portion of elder mages? There is a reason why they choose to stay away from the sunlight.

I… Yes. I have noticed. One of my closest friends in fact is one of them, and while I would never claim to know her full story, I am aware of her deep distrust for the Church. Along with… others.

However… All this time, you have painted the Church as foul creatures who spend every waking minute hunting down elder mages and suppressing scientific advances. And so I must ask: do you, yourself, have a personal vendetta against the archbishop? What is your true motive for telling me all of these things?

While they may not have dirtied their own hands, the archbishop and her Church are responsible for the torment of someone very important to me. Their rituals and systems laid the groundwork for the horrible physical and psychological torture that person was exposed to. It is not my story to tell, and I certainly won’t tell it here. But I have my reasons, and to say that I have a personal vendetta would be a grave understatement.

What you need to decide is where you stand. Whether you agree with my sentiments or not, sooner or later, you will need to make a choice.

You’ve alluded to something similar in our previous communications. What do you mean, Crow? You make it sound quite like a threat!

Perhaps you were correct after all... I may have grown a little too fond of this particular project of mine.

What? What are you saying?!

Hubert was just in the middle of putting together the last preparations for his journey when a series of quick raps on his doors captured his attention. Quickly hiding the most vital documents beneath pages filled with notes from Hanneman’s lectures, he half turned toward the doors.“Yes?”“It’s me,” Linhardt’s muffled voice said through the wood.Relaxing somewhat, Hubert turned back to the desk, trying to remember if he had any more knives hidden around his room that he needed to remove before departing. “You may come in.”The door creaked open behind him, then closed gently.“Are you going away somewhere?”“Yes. I will be away for a few weeks.”“Where are you going?”Hubert turned to face the other mage. Looking bored and half asleep as usual, he probably didn’t care much about the answer—it might simply be a casual pleasantry on his part. Either way, Hubert had no intention of revealing his destination.“Do you have anything for me?” he asked instead.Linhardt either didn’t notice or didn’t care; or the prospect of getting to talk about one of his very favorite subjects overpowered any other feeling. His eyes gained new life at the question, a small smile tugging at his lips.“Hanneman really is oblivious sometimes, you know. Oblivious enough that he doesn’t even notice if someone consults his records without authorization. I sneaked a peek while he went for tea, and when he returned, he didn’t look like he suspected a thing. It’s really quite amazing, don’t you think? He has his records in perfect order, but of course I knew just how to put them back the way they were. I don’t even think he’d—”“Get to the point.”“Fine,” Linhardt said with a small sigh. “I looked into Seteth. It turns out he possesses the Major Crest of Cichol. Isn’t it a little too much of a coincidence that both Flayn and Seteth would have Crests from the four Saints? Throughout my research, I have never heard of anyone else carrying Major Crests from  any of the Saints.”“Major Crests from two of the Saints,” Hubert mused. “I agree. That is unlikely. Unless it has hereditary reasons.”Linhardt shook his head. “Saint Cichol’s only recorded child was Saint Cethleann, and she is said to have never married. I don’t think it’s hereditary. I think…” He trailed off, seemingly for no reason.“Think what?” Hubert asked when the other mage didn’t continue.“I think their names might be fake.”Hubert paused as he considered what the world would look like if that were true. Fake names… Implying that Flayn and Seteth were not who they said they were. Together with the fact that they carried Major Crests from two of the Saints, it did in fact also imply... that they could very well be the Saints themselves.“I see,” Hubert said slowly. “That would make Flayn’s blood very special indeed. What do you know about Saint Cethleann?”“I know her Crest grants more powerful healing spells, because I possess the Minor one,” Linhardt replied. “Not much is known about Cethleann herself. I’m not sure why Solon would want her blood in particular. Could it be because she’s the only Saint they knew the whereabouts of? Except for Seteth, perhaps.”And abducting Seteth would be a much more difficult task than abducting the naive and unsuspecting Flayn. It was clear why they would have chosen her instead if it stood between the two of them. On the other hand, if Flayn and Seteth were the Saints Cethleann and Cichol respectively, then that also meant…“Saint Cethleann was the daughter of Saint Cichol,” he said, repeating what Linhardt had stated mere moments ago. “If Flayn is Seteth’s daughter rather than his sister, any special properties of her blood could be related to her mother, as well. Is the identity of Cethleann’s mother known?”“No,” Linhardt replied with a head shake. “There are no records of her. Perhaps she was a mortal?”A hybrid between a Saint and a mortal, hm… That could certainly explain why Solon would need Flayn’s blood for his experiments.He knew that Solon’s faction practiced blood magic. Judging by the occurrences ever since Flayn’s abduction—i.e. the madness in Remire Village which Solon had called an ‘experiment’, the appearance of Demonic Beasts at Garreg Mach, and then the deployment of several of them in the Sealed Forest—it could be assumed that her blood had been key in creating the Demonic Beasts in the first place. If that were the case, he supposed the mystery of Flayn had been solved… At least partly.“Thank you,” Hubert said even as he turned to search through the notes spread across his desk. Now that he had this new piece of information, perhaps there were other puzzle pieces that would fit together as well. “You may go.”“There’s something else,” Linhardt said. “Something I think you may be interested in.”“Yes?” he replied without stopping his endeavors.“When I looked at Hanneman’s records, I took the opportunity to browse through some of his other entries. According to him, Professor Byleth carries the Crest of Flames. It’s the same Crest said to have been possessed by Nemesis, the King of Liberation. Isn’t that fascinating?”“I was already aware of the possibility,” Hubert said. “But thank you for confirming it.”“Did you also know that Byleth’s mother was likely someone involved with the Church of Seiros?”Hubert paused his search. Keeping his voice and face level, he glanced at the other mage. “Is that so?”Linhardt nodded. “In my mind, it’s the only thing that makes sense. Official records state that he was born sometime after his father left the Church to become a mercenary, but Hanneman’s theory is quite different. Apparently there was a great fire here 21 years ago. The mystery woman from the Church—whom Jeralt was believed to have been quite close with—died in that fire. It was after this that Jeralt left the Church. Hanneman’s notes suggest Byleth may have been born before that, and that Jeralt started the fire to hide it. I don’t think Byleth’s mother died in the fire though, but in childbirth.”If that was true, what had pushed the mercenary to start a fire simply to get away? Was it possible that he had discovered something about the Church that made him want to keep his child a secret from them…?Or had the Church done something to that child?“Rumor has it that Jeralt left a diary in his office for Byleth to find. Seteth supposedly has it now. Maybe getting our hands on that would shine a light on certain things.”Hubert looked at the scholar from the corner of his eye, feeling a smirk tug at his lips. “ Our  hands, hm?”Linhardt didn’t seem to pick up on the hint. “Can’t you pay a thief to snatch it or something? I’d really love to read that diary. Imagine if it contains the truth about the professor’s Crest...”Hubert shook his head. “That will not be necessary.”He was fairly certain that he already knew the truth at any rate.It was completely possible to forcefully implant a Crest into someone, so that could very well have happened to Byleth. Until now, he’d had no evidence that the Church was capable of such methods… But with the fact in mind that the only other living person he knew of that bore the Crest of Flames had been implanted with it after birth, it was starting to look like the most plausible theory.Considering the incredible rarity of the Crest in question, and the complexity of such a ritual, there were only two people he could think of in the Church of Seiros that could have performed it: the goddess herself, or the archbishop. Since the goddess had not been sighted for a thousand years, it was reasonable to assume that the archbishop had been the one to perform the procedure. And if Jeralt found out about it, that would certainly explain why he would attempt to escape with his son. As for why the archbishop would want to implant the Crest of the goddess into a random child…Constance’s words from their recent discussion popped up in the forefront of his mind.  ‘Perhaps professor Byleth is a reincarnation of the goddess herself!’  It was certainly an imaginative theory… Imaginative and worrisome.A reincarnation of the goddess… Let’s assume the possibility for a moment, if only to be able to dismiss it. In order to fully reincarnate such a being, mere blood wouldn’t be nearly enough. A vessel powerful enough to carry the consciousness of the goddess would be needed. The only kind of object he could imagine that might possess such capabilities was…Hubert paused.  But of course. How could he not have seen it before? Now that he had, it was beyond obvious.But the implications… Those were another thing entirely.He turned to face Linhardt fully. “Thank you for your cooperation,” he said. “Just imagine what you could achieve if you were always this motivated.”On cue, Linhardt let out a big yawn. “Eh,” he said then with a shrug. “I  am always motivated. It’s just that you don’t always find value in what interests me.”“Is that so,” Hubert muttered.“As pleasant as this has been, I believe it’s time for my evening nap.”“Before you go,” Hubert said, causing Linhardt to turn back around to face him again. “There is something else you can do for me.”The other mage raised his eyebrows. “More work? Do we have the same deal as last time, then?”“Fine.” It soon wouldn’t matter, anyhow, but Linhardt didn’t need to know that. “I need you to look into the Crest of Macuil.”“Macuil?” Linhardt blinked at him in surprise. “Another Saint?”“Correct. More specifically, I want to know the details of how it affects the subject’s magical capabilities.”“Well… I only know of one person who carries the Crest of Macuil… And she has already refused to take part in my research.”Hubert took this bit of information in with some measure of interest. Linhardt had already asked to study Constance’s Crest and been rejected? That might be even better than he had hoped.“Do it in secret, then,” he said. “I don’t care how, as long as you don’t reveal your true motives in the event that you are discovered.”Linhardt sighed. “Fine, whatever. All of this sneaking around is so tiresome. But I’ll get you your information, somehow.”With that, Linhardt left the room, and Hubert turned to look at his half-packed bag. Had he done all that he could? Had he used what little time he had to its fullest?Except for letting Constance see the Church’s foulness for herself, which would be difficult to arrange, he didn’t know what else he could do at this point. His little side activity had drawn to a close; all that was left now was to wait to see the end result.For some reason, that thought didn’t feel as final to him as it should have. He liked to plan out his strategies long in advance so as to minimize the risk of being blinded by nearsightedness, and yet...He glanced at the top drawer in his desk, where he stored the invisible ink. No, he would send no more messages now.But perhaps there was one last thing he could do.For the umpteenth time in a row, Constance re-read the latest version of her formula, checking for mistakes. Hand hovering just above the head of yet another stray dog she had found on the monastery grounds, she whispered the spell beneath her breath. A tingling feeling began in her upper arm, traveling quickly downward and all the way into her fingertips; a small crackle followed, and the dog whined and ducked away, causing her to immediately retract her hand.“No,” she murmured, picking up the quill from her right and crossing out the second-to-last variable in the formula before scribbling down a note to herself in the corner of the page. “Too… far… from the elder syntax.”She stopped, scowling at her formula. Perhaps this was a waste of time. She had thought that her most recent idea had been a stroke of genius, but in practice, it turned out to be more difficult to pull off than she had expected.Dropping the quill again, she raised her hand to cover her mouth as a yawn forced it open. It wasn’t far past sunset, but she was already growing tired. These days, that seemed to be the rule rather than the exception. When she wasn’t staying up to scour the shadow library for more information, she lay in bed, struggling to fall asleep as her mind insisted on spinning wild theories and questions around in front of her weary eyes.Crow’s lack of response in the past two days was causing her to grow more and more concerned. Normally, she would hardly have given it a second thought—it was not the first time a response from him had been delayed—but given his last message to her, this seemed different. This seemed… significant.A dark violet light exploded out of the darkness a few paces away. Constance jerked back, closing her notebook in a hurry. The dog hurriedly got to its feet and scrambled away out of sight. Holding the notebook close to her chest, Constance stared up at the hooded figure in front of her, unable to identify them at first. Then a gloved hand reached up and pulled back the cowl, revealing dark wavy hair and a serious, narrow gaze.A gasp slipped out between her lips. “What in the—what are you  doing— ”Hubert held up a finger and shook his head, causing her to fall silent. Her gaze darted downward quickly, taking in the dark, practical clothing he wore under his cape. Not the regular academy uniform, she noted; finally, she had the chance to see what Hubert would look like in the kind of clothing she had for so long assumed would fit him like a glove. And as expected, it did look  right on him; what she hadn’t quite considered, however, was how much more sinister it would make him look. She had to assume he could fit many hidden daggers and other blades within these clothes. A shiver ran through her as she remembered how it had felt to have cold metal pressed against her throat.“I have reconsidered your request,” he spoke quietly but precisely. “And while I do not like it, I can’t escape the fact that any dark magic you wield will inevitably pose a risk to me and, in turn, Lady Edelgard. Since you are quite obviously inexperienced with this category of magic, and since it can be erratic and highly volatile in the wrong hands, I will—as you put it—give you some ‘pointers’. I will offer you my assistance  this once,  if only to make certain that your magic will not cause any catastrophes that I could have easily prevented. But it will not be a repeat event, and you will not speak of this to anyone.” He bent his neck slightly to look her straight in the eyes. “Is that clear?”Throughout his semi-monologue, Constance had simply sat there staring at him. Now, as he looked impatiently at her, waiting for a response, she didn’t quite know what to say.“I… Yes, that is clear.”“Good.” He straightened again. “In that case, we will need a more secluded space.”Before she could think about what he meant, he had raised a hand and swiped it firmly to the side.The bench instantly disappeared below her. She fell backward with a shriek, widening her eyes as tall trees popped up around her. She landed in a spot of soft moss, hands sinking into the moist and spongy mass; her notebook and quill fell out of her lap and knocked against a rock beside her. Hubert stood in front of her, looking untouched.As she pushed herself up onto her feet and brushed off her skirt, she looked around in an attempt to determine where he had teleported them.“... The Sealed Forest?” she asked, noticing the familiar stone pillars rising in the distance.“No one will disturb us here,” he said as he erased the last distance between them with two long strides. He held out his hand. “Now, let me see your notes.”She hesitated briefly before reaching down to grab her notebook. It felt wrong to simply show it to him like this, but she  had been the one to ask for his assistance, and if she questioned him now, she feared that he would change his mind again. So she opened the notebook to the right page and handed it to him in silence.Hubert held her gaze for a moment before lowering his own gaze to the book. She watched his pupils move as he took in her scribbles; the painted sigils, the crossed out parts that she had determined wouldn’t work, and lastly, the most recent iterations of her formula. When he reached the bottom of the page, he narrowed his eyes and reread that part several times.Constance swallowed, waiting anxiously for him to say something. She knew that Hubert was a skilled elder mage, but how well did he understand the theoretical parts? Did he know the elder syntax by heart, and if so, did he find her attempts to create an elder formula laughably crude?Finally, he lifted his gaze and looked at her.“You are attempting to combine black and dark magic,” he said. “Explain.”She took a deep breath, relieved to finally have something concrete to focus her attention on. If there was anything she could do confidently, it was discuss magic theory.“I am trying to invent a tracing spell,” she said. “At first, I began with el—dark magic only, but as you say, I am still a novice in that field. However, I know lightning magic so powerful that I can reach out and identify distinct individuals within a wide radius. I thought that if I combined the fundamentals of the dark formula for the tracing spell with the precision and might of my lightning magic, I might be able to strike a powerful balance between them.”Hubert looked at her blankly. “They are two completely different frameworks,” he said. “Dark magic is channeled from the inside and out—”“And black magic from the outside and in, yes yes, I know,” Constance said. “I would be more successful trying to combine dark and faith magic with each other. But I refuse to accept that combining dark and black magic is an impossible feat! In order to discover the limits of what is possible, you need to venture just past it into the impossible. It is at the edge of what is possible that you will find the true gems!”He scoffed and shook his head. “Even so, you cannot simply will the impossible into being.”“Do you have a better idea, or did you come here only to chastise me for daring to believe in myself?” she asked, crossing her arms over her chest.He glanced down at her notes again. “Give me your quill.”She did as he said, but not without letting out an indignant huff at his commanding tone. As soon as he had the quill in hand, he began to make his own notes, crossing out some of her older ones. Then suddenly, he stopped, staring down at the page in what seemed like cold realization. Constance leaned closer in an attempt to see what had him so baffled, but he immediately tore the page out of the notebook before she could see, crumpled it in his hand and burned it to a crisp within his fist. Constance stared at him in shock.“Why—what in the world did you do that for?!”Without replying, he began new notes on the next page, but not by writing out any actual words; instead, he illustrated the formula by use of magical notation, with hand-drawn symbols and lines representing the syntax and magic circle. This time, when Constance leaned closer, he allowed her to study his conclusions. With a thrilling pang, she realized that she was now clearly literate in elder magic as well as black magic; she could understand his notation without much problem at all.“This is a dark formula,” she mused aloud as she ruminated on his illustration, “but with black magic aspects interwoven as variables… So the lightning magic will serve as an amplifier within the boundaries of the dark syntax. Will this work?”“Possibly. I am unfamiliar with lightning magic in particular, but I have used fire as an amplifier in dark spells before with some measure of success.” He paused, then added in a few more parts to the illustration. “Reliable amplification requires great skill in both fields.”She wasn’t certain what purpose his last additions to the formula served, but when he handed her the notebook again, she received it with a smile.“I assure you,  that at the very least will not be an issue.”Hubert scoffed. “Indeed. Your optimism truly is awe-inspiring.”She knew that he meant it as a jab, but she couldn’t care less what he thought of her outlook on life. At least he had helped her find a plausible way to achieve her intentions—in truth, that was far more than what she had hoped to get out of this.There were still many questions she wished to ask him, but she doubted he would answer any of them sincerely. Still, seeing how surprisingly helpful he had been tonight, what was the harm in trying…?She slowly closed her notebook, then raised her gaze to look him in the eyes. “Hubert,” she began. “Where did you learn dark magic?”A faint smirk appeared on his lips. “I could ask you the same thing, but I suspect you would prefer not to answer.”Constance clenched her jaw. Indeed, he had a point. Her suspicions toward Hubert’s identity notwithstanding, she could not risk betraying Crow’s existence when she wasn’t one hundred percent certain.“As expected,” he said when she didn’t reply. “And as it should be. Were it any different, I doubt either of us would be standing here.”“The sharing spell,” she continued quickly, hoping to learn whatever she could from him now that he wasn’t his usual obnoxious self for once. “Why did you use it on me? And where did you learn it? Have you gone through the dark ritual in order to gain more power?”Hubert shook his head. “Don’t test my patience.”And with that, he raised a gloved hand and swiped it to the side.Constance blinked, and when she opened her eyes again, she found herself back in the monastery in the same place she had been before Hubert showed up. The dog had disappeared, and Hubert himself was nowhere to be seen. Holding her notebook close to her chest, she steered her steps toward Abyss.Yes, she had perhaps been a little too bold in her search for the truth; but by no means did she consider the night’s excursion a failure. Armed with new insight into how she might be able to combine the forces of elder and black magic, and confident that she would be able to develop Hubert’s ideas further than he could ever imagine, she considered tonight a definite success.

Nearly two weeks have passed since your last note. Is everything alright? If I said something wrong, I must ask for your forgiveness. Please, if you are reading this, tell me you are well!

Crow! Are you avoiding me, or has something happened to you? Please respond!

Constance looked wearily at her own handwriting from the day before yesterday before she returned the book to its place on the library shelf, taking a moment to ensure that she hadn’t confused two shelves with each other. But no, this was the one where she had always left it; and as far as she knew, Crow had always fetched it from there.With a sigh, she turned and left the library.Every night since his last note—which was several weeks ago now—she had spent pondering on its meaning, fearing the worst.  ‘Perhaps you were correct after all... I may have grown a little too fond of this particular project of mine.’  Could he have developed feelings for her...? If so, was his silence a sign that he was trying to move on?Perhaps she was taking it too far. Crow, developing feelings for  her?  To be sure, their interactions had mostly been pleasant, but they had never even met each other—and they barely ever revealed private things about themselves.But then, Crow knew who she was… And they could very possibly have met without her realizing it was him. So perhaps he  did know her well enough...This was all conjecture, of course. There could just as well be another, more reasonable explanation—the worst of which was that something bad had happened to him. One idea that came to mind was that the Church had found out about his practicing elder magic, and when he doubtlessly refused to cooperate with them, they had decided to incapacitate him...Needless to say, she much preferred imagining the first alternative.Either way, she should not slack off simply because her tutor was unreachable. He was correct in that her graduation was closing in, and if she hadn’t thoroughly impressed Edelgard before that, she may be deemed irrelevant when the time came for the princess to return to Enbarr.After her bout with Hubert on the night of the ball, Constance had asked Hapi if she would agree to practice duelling with her. It had taken a while to convince her, but they had finally agreed to start their first practice session today. The issue was, last Constance had seen her, she had been fully occupied—rather entangled, actually—with a certain roguish nobleman. There had seemed little point in disturbing her, so a trip to the library had seemed like a fine alternative. Surely that should have given them more than enough time to detach themselves from each other?Only, when Constance returned to the stables, the scene was somehow worse than when she had left.Hapi sat on the edge of a table, her arms locked around Sylvain’s neck as he stood between her legs, kissing her tenderly. His hands on her back pressed her up against him, leaving no discernible space between their bodies whatsoever. Constance didn’t  wish to stare, but there was something so incredibly intimate about the scene that she couldn’t bring herself to tear her gaze away. For how long could two people possibly kiss? Really, how interesting could it be?!She had to confess—somewhat reluctantly—that Hapi had seemed in a brighter mood since she and Sylvain became an official couple. Constance still had her qualms about him, but if her best friend was in love, and the object of her affections managed not to break her heart, who was she to stand in the way?Of course, there was still the matter of how eager Hapi had been to gush about her new discoveries together with Sylvain… One noteworthy moment in particular, from just a few days ago, stood out starkly. Constance had spent her afternoon in the Ashen Wolves classroom in Abyss, continuing her research into lightning magic, when Hapi had shuffled into the room, a secret smile on her lips. When Constance had questioned her, she had simply shrugged at first, until eventually she couldn’t keep it in any longer.“I was just with Sylvain,” she had said in the dreamy tone she so often had these days. “I honestly can’t believe what he can do with his fingers.”“Fingers?” Constance had asked confusedly, at which Hapi broke into nervous laughter.“Yeah… you know.”“No, in fact, I do  not know what you are bumbling about.”“Oh.” At this point, her face was glowing red. “Um. What I mean is...” Then her gaze had moved up above Constance’s head, and her eyes had lit up with relief. “Yuri!”Constance whipped her head around to see the Ashen Wolves leader saunter up to them.“Hm?”“You’re way better with words than I am. Can you… you know, explain?”“Explain what?” he’d asked as he leaned back against the table across from where Hapi and Constance were sitting. He gave Constance a knowing smile. “You haven’t been licking your own boots again, have you?”“Ugh! I’ll have you know that my black licorice magic is in a league of its own, and the fact that you cannot see its greatness says more about you than it does about me.” Constance took out her fan and opened it with a practiced flick of her wrist before leisurely beginning to fan herself with it. “But I digress. Apparently Hapi has found yet another thing at which her dear Sylvain excels. Something concerning his fingers, allegedly.”At this, Yuri’s gaze snapped over to Hapi, who slapped two hands over her mouth as another nervous laughter began to bubble out.“Uh-huh,” he said, tone now dry. “You know, now that I think about it, I’m pretty sure Balthus wanted to talk to me. Something about cleaning up my own messes?”“No!” Hapi exclaimed when he turned to leave. “Uh—please? I mean, I don’t really know  what he did, so I thought you might—”“Good goddess,” Yuri sighed, shaking his head. “Don’t make this harder than it has to be.” He turned to look at Constance. “It’s sexual. He used his fingers to get her off. That’s all there is to it.”As Hapi let out an embarrassed groan and hid her face in her hands, Constance felt her own face grow steadily hotter. She turned away in an attempt to shield herself from Yuri’s gaze, fanning her face roughly.“I see,” she said evenly. “There is no need to be quite so foul-mouthed, although I suppose I shouldn’t expect better from  you.” He scoffed, but as he spoke again, she could hear the amusement in his voice.“Please accept my deepest, most humble apologies, milady,” he said in a lilting tone. “Allow me to rephrase.” He made a point of clearing his throat loudly before straightening fully into an elegant pose, one arm hovering in a straight line below his chest. “The gentleman utilized his noble digits in order to bring his lover the most passionate of pleasures.” Said arm dropping to his side again, his other hand moved up to rest by the hilt of his sword. “That better? Or do you need more detail? If so, I’m sure Hapi would love to elaborate.”Hapi mumbled something inaudible as she got up and left the room in a hurry, face burning even redder still than Constance’s own cheeks. Continuing the nervous fanning, Constance refused to meet the trickster’s gaze.“No, that was quite enough, thank you.”Despite his crude explanation, she still had some issue grasping the concept, but Abyss would go up in flames before she admitted that to him. She would rather he left; but to her dismay, he had instead turned more serious all of a sudden, and walked over to slide into the seat across from her on the other side of the table.“Sorry,” he said earnestly, causing her to lift her gaze in surprise. There was no trace of humor left in his expression now. “Maybe that was a bit much. I have to admit, I’m not sure how to handle this whole Sylvain thing that Hapi’s got going on. Don’t tell Balthus, but hell, I’d be willing to bet a year’s worth of savings in gold against them. The only nobleman slimier than Sylvain is Lorenz, but at least he’s just going after other nobles.”Constance slowed her fanning, studying Yuri with a critical eye. While he had voiced some of her own fears just now, she was hesitant to fall back into her old prejudices against the Gautier heir. After all, he  had proven somewhat useful in the past months, and as far as she knew, he treated Hapi well. “Slimy, hm? Now who does that remind me of, I wonder…?”Yuri scoffed. “At least  I  do it for a cause. He, on the other hand, is just toying with people’s emotions for the heck of it. You know as well as I do that whatever he’s telling Hapi isn’t real.”“Even if that were true, Hapi is more than capable of taking care of herself.”“Exactly,” he said. “That’s my point. If this ends badly, it’s not mainly Hapi’s safety I’m worried about.”He paused, glancing over her shoulder toward the doors before returning his full attention to her. He continued in a lower voice.“What do you think Rhea would do to Abyss if one of its citizens caused the death of a charming young heir to a noble house? Do you think she’d simply shrug and let bygones be bygones?”“No,” she whispered, eyes widening as she took in his insinuation. “She would not.”As Constance thought back to that moment now, where cold realization had slowly snaked its way up her spine, she couldn’t suppress a shiver from running through her body. She stared at the two lovebirds intertwined with each other just a few paces away, and she caught herself wondering how much longer they would last before their fling inadvertently ended in catastrophe.But perhaps Yuri was mistaken? Perhaps Sylvain could change; perhaps he did truly love Hapi, and if so, breaking them up simply out of fear that Hapi would lose control and put him in danger would be cruel to say the least. Enough people in Hapi’s life were afraid of her; if even her own Wolves distrusted her, what did she have left?“Constance,” a clipped voice called to her right.She reluctantly turned to face Ferdinand, who stood brushing a horse nearby, clearly doing his all to avoid staring at the intimate couple just a few paces away.“Have you by any chance seen Edelgard recently?”“No,” she replied, trying to ignore the scene playing out just at the edge of her vision. “Not in a few days, I believe.”Ferdinand sighed deeply. “Curses.”Hearing his reaction, Constance felt her attention latch on to this new curiosity. “Why do you ask?”He cast a glance behind his back, then to his right. “Oh, nothing,” he said quietly as he returned to brushing the horse. “It just seems that she and Hubert are unusually busy this month. They’re constantly going in and out of Garreg Mach. As the legitimate heir of the Aegir family, I’m sure my father would have told me if something significant was going on in the Empire…” He trailed off. “It’s probably nothing of import.”His hand now moved rather forcefully across the horse’s mane, giving Constance the impression that he was more worried than he wanted to let on.“The end of our year in the academy draws nearer,” she said. “As Empress-to-be, I’m sure Lady Edelgard has her hands full with the preparations for her graduation ceremony.”Ferdinand didn’t speak for several seconds, his hand wavering somewhat. “Yes,” he said then. “That must be it.”Thinking about it, while she was sure she had seen Edelgard a few days ago, she could not remember seeing Hubert anywhere for a long while. In fact, the last time she saw him might have been when he helped her with the tracing spell in the Sealed Forest. He had not been dressed in his academy uniform then—perhaps he had traveled away for a few weeks to see family? It was perfectly normal to do such a thing… Except, Hubert rarely left Edelgard’s side, so if he did, he must have a very good reason. Perhaps a family member had fallen ill?Or perhaps… he was gone for the same reason that Crow had disappeared, whatever that was.“It will do no good to think up theories,” she said, as much to herself as to Ferdinand. “Time will tell the truth.”She paused.  Time will tell the truth.  It was an expression her father had used to say, when little Constance had been impatient for some reason or other. Hearing herself say the same words now gave her a strange feeling of equilibrium.Even if Crow was in danger… There was nothing she could do now but wait. She had scribbled out countless worried messages for him in  The Compendium;  she could determine definitively that his lack of a response did  not  stem from miscommunication between them. If he had opened up  The Compendium and cast the reveal spell on it, he could not have missed her many notes for him. She had even taken the risk of placing a loose page with an invisible message written on it just inside the cover. But still, no reply.Meanwhile, Linhardt had begun to act even more strangely around her. About the same time as when Crow’s replies had stopped, the eternally sluggish mage had started showing up more and more at the edge of her vision,  watching  her. During practice battles, during class, during lunch, in the library—suddenly, he was everywhere and always studying her. One time she had confronted him about it, at which he simply blinked at her in confusion before replying, “I suppose I must have fallen asleep”. She wanted to scoff at the idea, but somehow, the thought of Linhardt sleeping with his eyes open didn’t seem implausible enough to reject completely, and so she had been forced to contend with that explanation. But now, it was happening more and more often, and surely…  Surely  it couldn’t be completely disconnected from everything else?Once again, she was doubting herself and her theories. Just as Hubert’s disappearance could explain Crow’s absence, Linhardt’s strange behavior could explain why Crow had left on such an odd note. On one hand, she had no evidence that Linhardt knew elder magic, but on the other hand… the idea of Crow being Hubert still felt somewhat out of place. Especially considering what Crow had said when she told him about her bout with Hubert.‘And Constance... stay wary of the other elder mage.’Perhaps she should try not to think about it at all. Crow clearly wanted his identity to stay a secret, and despite how little she still knew about him, she did trust him and his intentions. Trying to root out who he was might be unnecessarily risky, for both of them. Before, she had used to hope that she would learn the truth eventually, but now… Now that he had evaporated so suddenly from existence, she was beginning to lose that hope.Leaning back into the shadows, Hubert watched as Lady Edelgard climbed the polished steps of the wide marble staircase leading into the Imperial palace. His gaze moved across the soldiers standing guard by the entrance—bowing as the Imperial princess drew nearer—before landing on the figure accompanying her up the staircase. Hubert crossed his arms over his chest as he followed the figure with his eyes. He still hesitated to trust the professor, and wouldn’t hesitate to eliminate him if need be, but as long as Lady Edelgard insisted on trusting him and there was no direct danger to her life… He could accept the risk.The professor’s true allegiance would become apparent soon, anyway.As the two figures stepped into the palace, Hubert backed around the corner and slipped into a half open window leading into the kitchen. He knew this place better than he knew the inside of his glove; there was no need for teleportation or clever schemes here. He had practically grown up in the palace, and learning every little nook and cranny—every little architectural detail or staff routine that could be taken advantage of—had been part of his training from a very young age. Even a decade later, things were still the same around here.Of course, he could have just walked through the front gate, by Lady Edelgard’s side, and no one would have batted an eyelid. But the precariousness of the mission required slightly more elegance than that, and besides… Taking the shadowed path toward his target felt more suitable this time.He easily made his way through the servants’ rooms, making use of the secret paths throughout the palace to avoid being seen, until he reached the study nearby the throne room. A sharply dressed man stood by the desk, overlooking the grounds outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. His long, once midnight black hair that flowed down his back had begun to gray; in the light streaming in from the windows, the silver streaks almost seemed to glitter.Hubert pulled back the cowl from his head and waited, knowing that trying to sneak up to him was futile. And just as expected, it didn’t take long until his presence was acknowledged.“So the time has come, I see,” the man said without turning around, instead opting to lower his gaze to the documents on the desk in front of him. “The time for penance.”Hubert silently reached into his cloak, fingers wrapping around the grip of a dagger as he took a slow step forward. The man turned around, cape swaying around his shoulders. His narrow, green gaze met Hubert’s—calmly, surely. A single eyebrow arched disapprovingly, an expression further emphasized by the sharp angles of his face.“Well?”“You were expecting me.”“Oh please,” he scoffed softly, crossing his arms over his chest. “Surely you did not think that your actions this past month would have passed me by? I know what you have been up to, son. Perhaps you have fooled the other nobles—even His Majesty, I suppose—but you cannot fool me so easily.”“No? Then you know why I am here.”“Of course,” his father said matter-of-factly. “You have come to kill me.” He opened up his arms. “So go ahead. I know you have looked forward to this day for a long time. I assume you didn’t imagine that I would go willingly, but here we are.”Hubert paused, fingers twitching around the dagger. Was this a trick? He had seen no signs of traps or curious movements around the palace on his way here, so if the Marquis had a surprise for him, it would have to quite literally be up his sleeve.“I know what it’s like to fight for what you believe in,” his father said in a low and steady voice. “I also know that the so-called reign of His Majesty is drawing to a close, and that young Lady Edelgard will soon assume his role. You have never been one to leave things open-ended, have you? You could let me live, but then you would never get the resolution you so crave. You would always despise me for what I have done. Well… Perhaps after I am dead, you will finally be able to find peace.”Hubert’s mouth twisted in disgust. He pulled the dagger out of its hidden sheath and moved his arm to his side as he took another step closer.“Nothing you say will change anything,” he said. “You are of no use to me, either dead or alive, and your death will bring me no  peace.  To suggest such a thing would be to imply that I harbor any kind of emotions toward you. If you prefer to die in delusion, then so be it. But the simple truth is this...”He fired an elder spell toward his father’s legs, sending him stumbling forward and dropping to his knees as Hubert slipped behind him. Grabbing hold of his hair, he tugged his head back and locked the dagger in place beneath his chin. His father didn’t struggle, even as the first few drops of blood trickled down his throat.“You are  nothing to me.”With a practiced movement, he slid the blade across his father’s throat, then released his grip of his hair and let the body fall forward onto the floor with a thud. Turning around toward the desk by the windows, he scanned the contents of the documents with disinterest as he waited for his racing heart to calm down. His father had expected him, meaning that he wouldn’t have left anything important lying around for him to find; and even if there was, Hubert didn’t have enough patience to rifle through them right now.A handkerchief lay neatly folded on one side of the desk; he picked it up and let gravity unfold it, revealing his father’s initials. He used it to carefully clean the blood off his dagger before letting it drop onto the documents, a crumpled mess of blood among fine embroidery.After stepping mindlessly over the corpse’s limp arm and avoiding the growing halo of blood around its head, Hubert left the room the same way he had entered, then slipped out of the palace unnoticed.Even in death, his father was wrong. He felt no peace. No peace at all.When the professor had informed them that they would be going down into the Holy Tomb—that Rhea held hopes that the goddess would reveal herself to him—Constance had been skeptical, to say the least. While most of the Black Eagles had seemed to accept the idea as truth without much thought, Constance found it difficult to believe that the goddess would reveal herself after being absent for a thousand years.  If the goddess was even alive, she doubted that such a holy being would bother interacting with an ordinary human being.Not that the professor was an ordinary human being, per se… Clearly, there was still much she did not know about the man. And he  had supposedly been granted powers by the goddess after being spirited away by Solon… But having the goddess herself appear before him? Constance would believe it when she saw it.As the professor climbed the last steps and sat down upon the throne of stone, Constance glanced toward Lady Rhea. The archbishop stared up at the throne, eyes wide and longing. She could empathize with that longing; that hope for something that you, deep down, knew was impossible. What exactly Lady Rhea was longing for beyond the appearance of the goddess was unclear—most likely it was a deeply religious woman’s longing to meet the ultimate creator, supposedly the most powerful and compassionate being ever in existence—but even so, it almost seemed like there was more to it than that.Beyond the archbishop stood Lady Edelgard, also focused on the scene in front of her, but there was something different in her eyes; a resolute, intense look. While the Imperial princess had returned to the monastery a few days ago, her vassal was still absent, even now. Yet Edelgard didn’t need Hubert by her side to emanate the same confidence and grace as always.As the seconds passed and the professor squirmed on the stone throne, rubbing his palms against the armrests in deep thought, Rhea’s hopeful gaze slowly faded.“It was supposed to be but a step away,” she said quietly, though her voice still echoed in the enormous underground chamber. “What could possibly be missing?”She moved toward the throne, but was immediately halted by another voice coming from the very back of the group, decisive and level.“Stop right there.”Constance, along with the rest of the class as well as Lady Rhea and her personal guard, turned around to face Edelgard. The princess now had her shield and axe ready, taking on a prepared stance even as her chin was raised in defiance before the archbishop. From the shadows near the entrance, a small army of soldiers bearing the Imperial crest and colors stepped into the light, falling into formation behind Lady Edelgard. And then, Hubert materialized by her side in a cloud of elder magic.Edelgard gestured with her axe toward Lady Rhea. “Do not move. The Imperial army will now take possession of everything in the Holy Tomb.”“What is the meaning of this?” Lady Rhea demanded, all softness gone from her voice.“My friends,” Lady Edelgard called out, ignoring the archbishop and turning instead toward the Black Eagles and the professor, the latter of which was cautiously walking down the staircase from the throne again. “I ask that all of you stay back. It is not my intention to fight you, but if you oppose me, I  will retaliate.”“I suppose that’s the end of play-at-school, Lady Edelgard,” Hubert said, a smirk playing on his lips. “I mean,  Your Majesty.” Constance froze in place. Her Majesty... ?Edelgard gestured toward her troops. “By order of the Adrestian Emperor, Edelgard von Hresvelg, I command you to collect the Crest Stones! If anyone attempts to stop us, kill them!”Two dozen of her soldiers darted forward along the sides, toward the tombs all around them. Constance spun around, watching as they started working together to push off the large, heavy stone slabs from the top of the tombs. She turned back toward the princess, wide-eyed.“Edelgard! Where is this coming from?!”The Empress turned her attention to Constance, her vassal looking on with a calculating gaze. She looked as though she was about to reply, but quickly had to refocus on Lady Rhea as she took several strides forward.“Insolence!” she exclaimed. “You will atone for the sin of tramping on this holy resting place!”Before she could reach Lady Edelgard, Hubert deftly teleported both himself and Edelgard far out of reach. The archbishop stopped abruptly, roaring wordlessly in sheer anger before gesturing to professor Byleth, who had now caught up to the rest of the group again.“Destroy these villainous traitors who dare dishonor our creator!”“Why don’t you try,” Hubert taunted, hands enveloped in the dark dusting of elder magic. Lady Rhea’s attention snapped to those very hands before refocusing at his face in furious disbelief.“You,” she fumed. “A wielder of dark magic… In  my  school?  Who sanctioned this?”Hubert grinned, raising his hands. “Ah, it appears I never asked for permission. My bad.”And then he fired his first spell.Someone—Constance couldn’t discern who it was in the midst of the chaos that erupted—threw themselves into the archbishop, shoving her out of the way of the elder spell. Constance herself sprinted for cover, taking in the battle that was already fully underway, with her classmates fighting back against the Imperial soldiers as they ran forward on Edelgard’s command. She knew that there was little time to sort through everything that had just occurred—she needed to act—but something about all of this felt wrong. And not just the fact that Edelgard had actively opposed the Church or declared that she would kill anyone who stood in her way; rather, Constance could not for the life of her understand the motivations behind these actions. What did she want with the contents of the tombs, and why was she so desperate for them that she was willing to kill her own friends?She ducked from a stray arrow, being redirected toward her from Petra’s bow by one of the Imperial mages, and focused her attention on Lady Edelgard. She remained in the same place as before, further back and closer to the Holy Tomb’s entrance, but she was by no means passive. None of the Black Eagles had attacked her directly, but Rhea’s personal guards were focused entirely on her. As she countered the physical attacks as well as she could, moving masterfully even with a heavy metal shield in one hand, Hubert quickly warped between the remaining guards, eliminating them one by one.Rhea herself had stood frozen until now, but now that Edelgard and Hubert were distracted, the archbishop began to move forward.Constance didn’t know why the Imperial princess—no, the Empress—was doing this. She didn’t know the full extent of her plan or her reasoning behind it. Neither did she understand why she had deceived all of the Black Eagles, and  her especially.But there was one thing she knew very well.If she had to choose between Lady Rhea and the Church of Seiros on one hand, or Lady Edelgard and the Adrestian Empire on the other… She would always choose the latter.Recognizing this as a deeply rooted truth within her, she darted forward, channeling a spell even as she ran as fast as she could toward the archbishop and the Empress. Edelgard had her back to Rhea, and Hubert was just capturing another Church soldier in his grip, completely unaware of the most dangerous threat looming above them.But Constance saw it. She saw the archbishop clench her hands into fists by her sides; saw raw, magical energy building up all along her body; saw the beginning of an incredibly powerful faith spell in the shape of an almost blindingly bright magic circle in front of her body.And Constance, desperate to stop the spell at any cost, threw all of her magical might and power into a spell of her own, releasing it with a furious yell as she came close enough. It took the form of a sharp projectile of pure lightning, blasting toward the archbishop at full speed—And Rhea turned around, hands raised, and reflected it right off of her and into the ground in front of her feet. For a split second, Constance saw the fury in the archbishop’s eyes, and she knew with sudden certainty that she was about to die. Rhea seemed to know it as well, a distorted kind of smile twisting her lips even as her eyes burned. The archbishop quickly channeled another spell, but before it could fire, someone threw themselves in-between the two of them and attacked Rhea with a quick arch of their sword.Constance gasped out loud. That wasn’t just anyone who had saved her from certain death just now, that was  professor Byleth,  with the Sword of the Creator glowing in the colors of fire as he whipped it again toward Rhea. The archbishop backed away, uttering shocked words as she defended herself from Byleth’s relentless attacks.“You... How dare you!”The rest of her words blended together with the sounds of battle all around them. Constance forced herself to push her shock down for the moment and whipped her head back toward Edelgard, who was struggling against one of the last Church soldiers, having lost her axe and now resorting to dodging blows only with the help of her heavy shield. Constance pushed herself back into motion, readying another spell which she aimed at the soldier’s back. A thick slab of ice slammed into him, sending him stumbling forward next to Edelgard as some of the remaining ice shattered against her shield. But before Constance could even think to cast again, Hubert materialized just a few paces in front of her and captured her in an elder spell that quickly wrapped itself all around her and froze her to the spot, unable to move anything but her head.“Not another step,” he said coldly, producing a dagger from his sleeve as he stalked closer. Constance widened her eyes in terror.“Halt, Hubert!”He paused in his tracks, glancing toward Lady Edelgard, who had managed to defeat the last soldier and now strode up toward him and Constance, breathing heavily.“She didn’t try... to attack me,” she said. “Her spell was intended only... for my opponent.”Hubert returned his gaze to Constance, narrowing his eyes in thought. “Still… I’d prefer to keep her incapacitated for now.”Constance tried to struggle free, but couldn’t move a muscle beneath her neck. “What a way to thank someone!” She caught the Empress’ gaze. “Edelgard, what is this?! Why in the world are you doing this?”Edelgard looked out across the great underground chamber. The rest of their class was fighting against the Imperial soldiers; Rhea and Byleth were nowhere to be seen, but then again, they could just as well be hidden by one of the enormous pillars stretching up toward the tall ceiling.“The Holy Tomb contains great power; the power to rule all of Fódlan,” Edelgard said. “The Crest Stones contained within these tombs will be ours, and that infernal power, which is masquerading as a medicine but is truly a poison, will plague this world no longer. We must break the bonds that the depraved Church has placed on Fódlan. These sacrifices will allow us to create a future where we never need sacrifice again.”Hubert eyed the Empress, seeming to deliberate with himself whether to stop her from revealing any more information, but ultimately remained silent. Constance shook her head, mostly because it was all she could do to show her frustration. She believed she could understand some of what Lady Edelgard was speaking of—she supposed she had Crow to thank for that—but something still seemed off. To do all of this… And in secret, behind everyone’s backs… She  must be hiding something.“But why in this way? And why now? If only you would be frank with me—”“You cannot fully understand my motives,” Edelgard interrupted calmly, “because you have not suffered from the lies of the Church yourself. Not like I have. If you had seen what I have, you would not question my actions. Like you, Constance, I have risen to meet my destiny. I have considered every angle. I have wavered and suffered, and now my resolve is firm. No matter how much blood flows at my feet, I will not relent.”“Not suffered the lies of the Church?!” Constance exclaimed with a scowl. “Do you suggest that I chose Abyss as my dwelling of my own free will?! I—” She exhaled sharply, relieved that Hubert’s magic at least still allowed her to breathe. As she breathed out, she felt her anger dissipate somewhat. Perhaps there  were similarities between their situations, but then… If that were the case… “Your Majesty… Why didn’t you tell me?”Edelgard paused, considering her. “Would you have kept my secret?”Hubert cast a sharp look in her direction. “Your Majesty—”“Wait, Hubert,” Edelgard said, raising her hand in a clear command. “I want to hear her reply.”“I would have kept your secret!” Constance said shakily, fully aware that Hubert might decide at any moment that she was a waste of their time, and squeeze the last remaining life out of her body. “You may not believe me, but I have long been aware of the Church’s foul history. I have discovered much—more than I would quite sincerely have liked to—about their deeds in these past few months. And I know… I know in my heart that your motivations must be true and honorable. My promises of loyalty have not simply been empty flattery. I will follow you on your path and fight by your side, if you allow me to. It hurts me to my core that you would doubt my allegiance to you, after all that I have done. After proving time and time again how much I wish to be of use to you!”Her voice barely carried her through the last sentence. She had not realized before this moment how much she had depended on the Empress’ regard—on her trust—but now that it had become apparent to her that it had perhaps never been there at all, she found herself fighting against desperate tears wanting to well up and overflow her eyes.“Constance…” Edelgard looked shocked beyond words. Where before there had been harsh determination in her eyes, now gleamed a small hint of vulnerability. “... What about your quest for nobility? I plan to abolish the entire system. Government officials will be selected from the general populace, bringing an end to the very concept of social standing. All will rise and fall by their own merits.”Constance shook her head vehemently. “No matter! Even if nobility ceases to exist as a concept, the meritorious spellcraft displayed by House Nuvelle shall make us a household name! In fact, a system built on merits rather than nobility may be even more advantageous for my aims than the current system. So you see, the road on which you stride courageously forward leads to my own bright future!”Edelgard’s eyebrows lowered in deep thought. “Is that so…”“Have I ever strayed from your side?” Constance continued, trying her very best to let her sincerity shine through in her voice. “Ever since the beginning, I have worked tirelessly to craft new spells for your benefit, be it for entertainment or for use in battle. Do you have any reason to doubt my allegiance to the Empire? I will stand by your side until the very end!”The Empress exhaled slowly, seeming to consider her words carefully. She turned to her vassal, who met her eyes almost immediately.“Hubert?”“Yes, Your Majesty?”“What would you do in my position?”Hubert turned his attention back to Constance, fixing his gaze on her face. His eyes narrowed further. Constance let her own eyes fall closed as she hung her head. This was where it all would come to an end. Perhaps with more time, she could have convinced Lady Edelgard; but she had no illusion that there was anything she could say which would change Hubert’s mind. She knew his personality well enough to understand that if there was even the slightest risk that his liege would be in danger, he would not hesitate to eliminate any threat he could identify.There was no reason why he would spare her life, when he could so easily snuff it out with a single flick of his wrist. There was no reason why he would take the chance.This was the end.“I advise that you spare her.”Constance’s eyes snapped open and met Hubert’s hard gaze. Heartbeats thundering in her head, she stared at him in shock. What did he just say…?Looking her straight in the eyes, Hubert continued, “Her magic may prove useful to you, and I see no reason to doubt her loyalty at this point in time.”Constance received the message loud and clear:  But if you become a threat, I will not hesitate to eliminate you. “Very well.” Lady Edelgard relaxed her shoulders. “I, too, believe that the future you wish for can be found at the end of this path we’re cutting, Constance.” She gave Hubert a short nod. “Release her.”Without a word, Hubert closed his hand into a fist and jerked it back toward him. The magic holding her prison instantly evaporated, causing Constance to stumble forward as the elder forces that had tugged at her from all sides loosened her limbs. She looked up at Edelgard, glancing at Hubert momentarily before stammering out, “Th-thank you, Your Majesty! I will not disappoint you!”If she intended to give her a reply, her opportunity to do so quickly disappeared in a second when a loud, furious roar echoed between the walls of the Holy Tomb. It started out as human, but soon turned into something more animalistic as the shape of a large white monster with wings and an endless tail grew in size at the other end of the room. All around them, the other Black Eagles as well as the Imperial soldiers had momentarily stopped fighting to take in the sight.“What in the world,” Constance whispered.“The Immaculate One,” Hubert said.“Yes,” Edelgard agreed. “The monsters that have controlled Fódlan in secret for far too long… Rhea is their leader.” She paused. “Wait… Is that—”Constance quickly caught on to what she was referring to. In front of the monster, clearly some kind of ancient dragon, stood professor Byleth with his sword raised in a prepared stance. Edelgard gasped.“My teacher!”The monster roared again, and the ones closest to it suddenly got into motion and started running away. To Constance’s surprise, the Black Eagles fell into place behind Edelgard and Hubert—wordlessly, as though it was the most natural thing in the world—and while Hubert’s gaze darted across their faces, he seemed willing to accept their allegiance; at least for the moment. To be sure, there were more pressing matters to deal with right now.“I will not,” the dragon yelled in a half-monstrous, half-human voice, “allow one who would lend our enemies strength... to wield the power of the goddess Sothis. I shall rip your chest open... and  take back your heart myself!” It swiped its large tail across the floor. Byleth elegantly vaulted over it before taking off in a sprint with the others, away from the dragon. As he neared Edelgard, Hubert raised a hand enveloped in elder magic, but seemed hesitant on whether to form a spell or not. Edelgard cast him a glance before turning to stare at Byleth.“My teacher, I—Surely you did not—”He slowed down, then came to a full stop a few paces away from her. Barely breathless, he lowered his sword to his side. “There is no time to waste. We must escape while we can.”The Empress widened her eyes.But for Constance, something clicked into place.Her Majesty had believed all this time that no one would choose to stand on her side; not Constance, not Byleth, nor any of the other Black Eagles. Thinking that only Hubert could be trusted to stay on her side… She must have felt terribly alone. Now that many of them so clearly chose her over the Church, something changed in her demeanor. It was minor, but Constance could see it in her expression, and in the way that she relaxed the arm holding her shield: Relief. Relief to not be alone on her path.And thus, when dragon archbishop Rhea slowly made her way forward, Edelgard stood tall and proud in front of all who had chosen to join her side. When the archbishop roared in fury again, Edelgard simply took a step back with her shield raised, urging the others to remain behind her.“Your Majesty,” Hubert called from Constance’s left.Edelgard looked over her shoulder and nodded, and shortly thereafter, Constance felt a hand clamp around her wrist. As she tried to jerk away, she met Hubert’s gaze, and his intent was clear at once. Without even bothering to explain, he began to siphon power out of her in what she immediately recognized as the elder sharing spell; except this time, he borrowed power from her instead of lending it to her.As elder magic wrapped itself around them, including Edelgard, Byleth and all of the Black Eagles and Imperial soldiers remaining, Constance struggled to stay on her feet, gritting her teeth against the horrible loss of energy. The last thing she heard before Hubert teleported them out of the Holy Tomb was another roar from the white dragon.As soon as the sky opened up above them—thankfully covered in clouds—Constance stumbled into Hubert’s chest, drawing for air. Without releasing her wrist, he used his other hand to catch her in his arms. Lending her magic to his teleportation spell had taken its toll on her, and unless he intended them to fight their way through Church of Seiros soldiers on their way out of Garreg Mach, she had to assume this was only a short rest before the next part of their teleported journey.She closed her eyes, resting her forehead against his chest as she tried to regain some of the lost energy, and out of the blue, a horrible thought hit her. Her eyes immediately flew open again as she pushed off from Hubert.“Abyss,” she breathed, her gaze darting down to where his fingers clasped her wrist. “I need to warn Yuri.”Hubert did not loosen his grip. He stared down at her in silence, but as long as he did not outright refuse her request, she assumed he was considering it. She glanced at Edelgard, who watched them attentively.“You will want Yuri on your side,” Constance continued, almost in a plea now. She could not simply abandon the other Ashen Wolves! “You will want  Abyss  as an ace up your sleeve in the inevitable conflict that is to come.”Hubert’s mouth pulled into a thin line, and then she felt him pull from her energy reserves once again. This time, he only teleported the rest of the group away, leaving the two of them alone outside the gates to the Holy Tomb. Her head swimming, Constance struggled to stay upright. She grabbed hold of his sleeve, but it was not enough. As her knees gave in, Hubert finally released her wrist and caught her fully in his arms.“I already have spies in Abyss,” he said, “but if you could convince Yuri to support our cause, that would be preferable to brute-forcing our way in when the time comes.” He paused, then moved his hands to her upper arms and pushed her back up straight again, capturing her gaze. “I entrust this mission to you. Do not disappoint me, Constance.”She drew in a deep breath of air, still feeling rather out of it. Instead of replying with words, she simply nodded. She would not disappoint him or Edelgard—not after they had trusted her this far.He nodded back. Then his face disappeared, exchanged for darkness. His grip faded from her arms and Constance stumbled forward, catching herself against the cold surface of a stone brick wall. When her eyes finally adjusted to the new light conditions, she realized that he must have teleported her down into Abyss. She still felt weak, but she knew that she couldn’t afford to waste even a single second. Reaching out with her lightning magic, she stumbled forward down the nearby staircase toward Burrow Street. It took a while for her to identify Yuri among all the bodies around her, especially since her magical energy was nearly depleted, but eventually she located someone she was fairly certain was him near the bridge at one end of the street.She couldn’t see him with her eyes, but she felt him somewhere close by; she stopped by the cusp of the bridge for a moment, stumbling forward a step as she tried to regain her bearings. She spun around, certain she had felt him right behind her, but when she turned, there was no one.“You alright, Shady Lady?”A voice from her right. She turned quickly to her side, only to once again stumble forward, this time right into Yuri’s arms. He caught her with ease, pulling her with him to the side of the bridge and out of the way of the passing crowd.“Constance? What’s wrong?”He sounded concerned; a tone of voice that was unusual for him. She was tempted to give in and lean into him fully, letting him take over now that she had found him, but she knew that there was still much to be done. Pushing off from his chest, she tried to gather whatever energy remained in her body to stand up straight without faltering again. She succeeded, but then again she was still clasping the front of his jacket in her fists.His eyes searched her face in concern, his mouth opening as if to speak, then quickly closing again when she drew for air.“Edelgard has risen to become the next Empress, and she has declared war against the Church of Seiros. Everyone in our class has joined her cause, along with me; Rhea has denounced her in no uncertain terms.” The words tumbled out of her like a waterfall, phrasing themselves into sentences almost on their own volition. Yuri’s eyes widened somewhat, but he didn’t say anything, so she continued. “I need to walk with the Empress on this path, Yuri. I—”Before she could get any farther, he softly pressed an index finger against her lips, breaking her off. “No no,” he whispered. “Not here.” He glanced discreetly to his sides; had she not had her gaze fixed upon his face, she might have missed it altogether. “Come with me.”His hand slid down to grab one of hers, and then he was pulling her with him across the bustling street, down into the catacombs and toward the sleeping quarters. But then they passed them right by, causing Constance to frown in confusion. Didn’t this path simply wind back in the same direction they had come from…?The answer soon became apparent, as Yuri pulled to a halt shortly thereafter, producing a key with which he unlocked one of the gates along the furthermost wall. He gently pulled her inside, closing and locking the gate after her, before gesturing for her to walk down the winding path ahead.“Yuri…” she warned, but he gave a reassuring smile.“Trust me Shady Lady, m’kay?”With a deep sigh, she turned her back on him and continued walking, hearing his steps close behind. The path circled around a corner straight away, cutting off any line of vision from the other side of the locked gate, and then led sharply downward. Finally, they arrived at another obstacle; this time, an array of solid metal doors in a dead end corridor. She stopped, swallowing in discomfort. He had asked her to trust him, but by the goddess, if these didn’t look like cell doors...Yuri calmly guided her toward one further down the path—the fourth from the left—then unlocked it and ushered her inside, closing the door firmly behind them.Constance stopped in her tracks, taking in the room in shock. It wasn’t large, by any means, taking up perhaps half the space of one of the sleeping quarters, but it was draped in soft, beautiful fabrics, parts of the floor covered in thick mattresses and plenty of pillows. Along one of the walls stood a vanity with a mirror; beside it, a large wardrobe; and the last corner was dedicated to several clay pots in various colors and sizes, from which sprouted large, green plants with full leaves.She spun, scowling at the satisfied smirk on Yuri’s lips.“You have had this all along?! Without telling anyone else?!”“I need somewhere to withdraw to collect my thoughts from time to time,” he said. “I haven’t told anyone because there was no reason for any of you to know.”“Ugh. You even have  living plants down here?!” She gestured toward the luscious green corner.“Right, that. They’re a special kind of plants that can survive without sunlight. Not easy to come by; you wouldn’t  believe  the fortune I had to pay to get my hands on them.” His smile faded suddenly, and he gestured for her to take a seat. “But never mind that. I brought you here because I can’t risk having this conversation overheard. You say Edelgard has  declared war  on the  Church?” Opting to sit down on the only chair in the room, placed in front of the vanity, Constance sighed deeply. “So you know about the spies, then.”“Well of course I know about the spies,” he said, seating himself on the edge of the mattress with his arms resting on his knees. “I don’t think there’s any faction in Fódlan who doesn’t have some of them down here.” He paused, studying her face. “Why, you mean you  didn’t know?”She felt her cheeks warm. “Let us not linger on the unimportant. I need to know if I can count on you for this, Yuri. I suppose you wouldn’t have brought me here if you were completely opposed to the idea, and yet…”She trailed off. Yuri would make the decision that most benefited his community; could she trust him to actively oppose the Church for her sake?“Hubert tasked me with recruiting you to our cause,” she continued cautiously, noticing the wince Yuri made at the mention of Hubert’s name. “He never said it explicitly, but I believe the Empire’s plan is to take over the monastery in the near future. Having the Abyssians on their side would be an incredibly valuable strategic asset.”The expression on Yuri’s face was unlike any she could remember ever having seen on him before. He looked impressed, almost to the point of outright admiration, and it was enough to make her squirm uncomfortably in her chair. Usually, he either had his obnoxious smirk on around her, or he mocked her with a completely straight face. She was not used to  this kind of attention from him.“Of course,” he agreed, seeming to catch himself and adjusting his face to a more serious expression. “The monastery’s strategic position is outmatched by no other, so it makes sense they would try to capture it as soon as possible. And anyone who controls the underground basically controls the surface as well. Still, they know they can’t just march in here and take over the place. I’m the only one who knows even half of all the secret paths around here. Without me, they’re…” He paused. “Well, they’re fucked.”“Yuri!” she admonished, rolling her eyes. He shrugged with a grin.“No better word for it.”“So will you ally with the Empire?”She didn’t dare hope too much; if Yuri decided there was a more advantageous alternative, she knew there was little chance of swaying him. He didn’t know Lady Edelgard as she did—didn’t know that her motives were pure and honest—so how would he judge the situation?Yuri studied her in silence for a moment. Then he sighed, leaning his neck forward to rub his hands over his face.“Damn,” he muttered. “We really have to go against Rhea, don’t we.”“Since when do you care for the archbishop?”He looked up at her. “I don’t, not really. But she was the one who offered us this place to begin with.  And she has at least the entirety of Garreg Mach under her thumb. It won’t be pretty.”Constance looked away. Yes, she knew first-hand just how ugly it could be. Monstrous, in fact. “Would you rather go against the Empire? Including…” She trailed off, thinking better of it.“Including you?” Yuri finished.She simply nodded, fear growing in her chest.“You’re that dedicated to the Empire, huh?” he sighed.“Yes,” she said quietly, forcing herself to meet his gaze again. It was serious, focused; drinking every little muscle movement in her face. “I do not presume to know the whole story behind Lady Edelgard’s motivations. But I know enough to understand that they align with mine, and I cannot bring myself to trust the Church after everything I have learned of their deeds and aims.”She promptly looked away, realizing that she had perhaps revealed too much. Surely, Yuri wouldn’t miss such a glaring opportunity to question her on what she meant...“Yeah,” he muttered. “But you have to understand, they have the Kingdom behind them, and possibly parts of the Alliance and even the Empire as well. Edelgard’s the underdog here, and I don’t take bets I don’t sincerely think I can win. You know that.”Constance’s heart sank. Yes, she did know. So that meant… She would have to leave Abyss…? She had to admit that Yuri’s words rang true. The Empress’ army was impressive, but if the Church had the Faerghus Kingdom on their side, they would outmatch anyone in numbers as well as in power.No… wait.She perked up slightly. Perhaps they  wouldn’t outmatch the Empire in power…?“Byleth has joined Edelgard’s cause,” she exclaimed, watching as Yuri’s eyebrows rose to his hairline.“What? Are you sure? After the whole thing in the Sealed Forest—”“I saw it with my own two eyes, Yuri,” she insisted eagerly, latching onto this new sliver of hope. “In fact, he saved my life when Rhea intended to kill me. He saved  all of our lives, I am sure of it. Without him… Yes, without him, I dare say none of us would have left the Holy Tomb today.”Yuri looked to the side, mumbling something below his breath with an unreadable expression on his face. Then he turned back to look at her again.“Well, damn,” he sighed. “That does turn it all on its head.”She nodded fervently. She didn’t dare speak anymore, barely even dared to breathe, as she waited for Yuri to digest this new piece of information. Could this… Could this be enough to sway him? If there was even the tiniest sliver of chance, she didn’t want to risk ruining anything by breaking the silence.So she waited. She waited while he closed his eyes, scrunched up his face and mumbled more inaudible things below his breath. She waited while he opened them again to get up from the mattress; waited while he paced through the small room; waited while he calculated the numbers in his head.She waited until, eventually, he turned to face her again, catching her gaze in the mirror of the vanity. This time, she discerned no hesitation in his eyes.“Alright,” he said. “Let’s dethrone an archbishop, shall we?”Relieved beyond belief, Constance shot out of the chair and threw her arms around his neck, digging her face into his shoulder as he took a stumbling step back in an attempt to right his balance. He smelled of sweet perfume, powder and a hint of dust. His arms wrapped around her waist as a surprised breath puffed against the top of her ear.“Really though, what’s gotten into you,” he murmured softly. “I just offered to help you topple a religious icon, not to marry you.”“Don’t ruin this,” she whispered into the side of his sleeve. Still filled with relief and adrenaline, she pulled back to look into his eyes, then leaned back in and planted a soft kiss on his cheek before withdrawing completely out of his arms. “Thank you,” she said, feeling her own cheeks warm once again. “Truly.”Yuri stared at her for a moment, then burst into a chuckle. “Um. Yeah, whatever.” He rubbed his neck, glancing around the room. “Anyway, I need to get some things in order. We can discuss strategy later. Why don’t you take some time to rest for now? You can stay as long as you like.”“Here?” she asked, eyebrows raised.“Yeah. Seemed like you needed some peace and quiet.”He handed her the two keys he’d used on their way down, then smirked and gave a salute before ducking out through the door and closing it gently behind him. Constance looked down at the keys in her hand, then at the mattress with all of the lush pillows and blankets. All at once, the weariness from earlier came over her again, and she realized that yes, she should want a good, long rest.Dethroning the archbishop and her goddess could surely wait until tomorrow.

Furious gray clouds, bordering almost on black, shielded the innocent sky from view as the notorious bastard of the underground slipped unnoticed through a second-floor window and landed with soft steps on the polished marble floor beneath. Brushing imaginary dirt off his sleeves, he padded quietly toward the large, ornate wooden doors, walking right past the guards standing watch with their backs to him just a few paces away.He raised his hand to knock, then paused, thought better of it and instead let his other hand join the first and pushed the enormous doors inward, noticing at the edge of his attention how the guards behind him swiftly turned toward the sound. One of them called out a surprised  hey you, stop there,  which he promptly ignored as he slipped into the room and pushed the doors closed again.Pausing with his palms still against the doors behind his back, he took a moment to study his surroundings. Usually a calm and solemn place, the audience chamber was now in a state of chaos. Cardinals and military generals alike paced through the room, back and forth between groups, arguing loudly or barking orders in what seemed like an almost panicked disarray. Slipping by unnoticed was easier than he could have hoped; it wasn’t until he reached the entrance to the smaller side room that someone finally seemed to register his presence.“Halt!” The archbishop’s second-in-command held up an authoritative hand, forcing him to come to an abrupt stop just outside the prize room. The man’s eyes were hard and sharp as he looked him up and down. “What do you think you are doing?”He smiled without feeling. “I think you know the answer to that question. Don’t you?”Seteth wrinkled his nose in disdain. While he did lower his hand, his arms immediately wrapped defensively across his chest instead. “I have neither time for, nor interest in, your shenanigans,” he said. “Leave.”“It is fine, Seteth,” a soft voice called from inside the other room. The archbishop appeared in the doorway, face emptied of all conscious emotion. Her hands, however, which were otherwise normally so serenely locked in place in front of her, picked discreetly with their own nails. A strained smile pulled her lips into a tired imitation of her usual kind expression. “Yuri. Please enter.”He bowed shallowly, glancing furtively at the other man; waiting for him to make a move. He could have just walked right past him, but seeing him reluctantly concede was too entertaining to pass up on.As expected, Seteth shifted awkwardly, searching in vain for a last-second way to save face. When he clearly didn’t find any, he stepped aside and cleared his throat without even meeting his gaze. It would have to do.He followed Rhea as she turned around and walked back inside, watching her sit down on one of the couches and gesture for him to do the same. He took a seat in silence, crossing one leg over the other and calmly locking his hands in his lap. Rhea’s own fingers stilled then, but she still looked  too  calm,  too put together. She was clearly making a conscious effort.“It is unusual to see you out during the daytime,” she remarked.Yuri smiled wryly for a second before letting it fade again. “These are unusual times.”“Indeed,” she said darkly, bowing her head forward in a way that made her expression look all the more ominous. He took it as a sign to skip over any pleasantries.“Right,” he said. “Let’s get right to it. You were taken by surprise, betrayed by one of your own, and now you have to scramble for defenses as they no doubt prepare to strike the monastery with full force. I figured I’d take one concern off your back, at least: You still have my allegiance. I’ll make my forces available to you, give you access to all the underground routes. The Abyssians will fight for you ‘til the very end.”Rhea studied him in silence. He met her gaze calmly at first, then lowered it to the table, where a silver plate with fine cups and a pot of tea stood waiting. Leaning forward slightly, he glanced up at her in a silent question. When she nodded in confirmation, he prepared himself some tea while waiting for her to digest his offer.“That is very generous,” she said steadily, shaking her head when he gestured with the tea pot toward the other cup. “I appreciate it, Yuri. We will need all the advantages we can get.”Yuri sipped the tea. Chamomile. Not his favorite, but eh, tea was tea.“I am curious,” Rhea said after a moment. “Where did you learn of this? I only returned a short while ago, and we have kept the information on a strict need-to-know basis.”“I have eyes and ears all around the monastery.”“I see. If it is not too much to ask, I wish to know the specific source this once. Let us call it a token of faith.”He took another sip, gazing thoughtfully up toward the ceiling. “Right,” he said then, setting the cup down on its platter and smiling sourly. “A token of faith, then: It was Constance. She saw it happen first-hand, then came running straight to me with the information. Wants me to support the Empire.”Rhea raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”“I convinced her I would,” he said. “I knew I couldn’t sway her to my side. At least not yet.” He paused before continuing, emphasizing his next words with a sharp look. “But I will. Maybe not before the next inevitable conflict; maybe not even during an eventual war. But I  will  make her see reason, and until I do, I’ll keep her out of your way.” So leave her out of it. His true meaning was unspoken, but he didn’t doubt that Rhea would catch the subtext.She tilted her head to the side, revealing little but her curiosity. “Very well. I thank you again for your generous offer. It warms my heart to know that the Church has such good-hearted allies.”At that, Yuri smiled bitterly. He raised the cup to his lips again and drank the last of the tea before setting it down on the platter one last time.“Let me be clear. I’m not doing this for religious reasons, or out of the goodness of my heart. I’m doing this because, even with the element of surprise on her side, Edelgard has little chance to actually succeed in what she’s trying to do. Garreg Mach has a superior strategic position, you have the Kingdom and probably several noble houses from the Alliance and Empire on your side as well, not to mention most of the descendants of the Ten Elites. And now, you have the underground to use as you will. What does the Empire have? An inexperienced, fresh-faced Emperor and a military force that’s dwarfed by yours. Sure, they have Byleth, but we have you, don’t we? The stakes are low on your side. I’m just looking out for my people, that’s all.”While Rhea’s expression soured momentarily at the mention of Byleth, she soon smiled warmly, the most sincere look she’d given him yet. “Of course. They are fortunate to have you.”Yuri smiled back, setting the cup and its platter onto the table before getting to his feet. “Right. Thanks for the tea, Rhea. I’ll tell my people to help the Church any way they can.”“Thank you, Yuri. I will remember this.”It did not take long until Edelgard’s betrayal was the most badly kept secret in the entirety of Abyss. Barely a day had passed since Constance had returned from the Holy Tomb, and wherever she went, she was certain she could hear whispers about the new Empress and her bold play—truths, rumors, outright lies—and at times, she could swear people stopped talking as soon as they caught sight of Constance. It was making her so uncomfortable that she took to withdrawing more and more often to the furthermost corners of Abyss; either around the Ashen Wolves classroom, or in her own living quarters.The population of Abyss had surely grown, as well. Even while staying mostly out of the way—and off Burrow Street—she noticed the increase in noise, in warmth, in passersby outside her rooms. There was a certain tension in the air, constantly buzzing around her head. As though war would break out at any moment.She had even taken to wearing her dark flier’s uniform all day long now, just in case a conflict would ignite and she would need to throw herself into battle at a moment’s notice. She liked her long dress, but it was… let’s say, suboptimal when she needed her agility.She must confess that she had reconsidered the decision a few times, though; most recently, when Sylvain had given her a surprised—and  thorough —look as she walked into the classroom one time to find him and Hapi sitting by one of the desks, talking quietly amongst themselves. His chin had practically fallen to the floor for a moment before he regained himself and smiled his aggravating Sylvain-smile.“Maybe I should have agreed to join your class when Byleth asked back at the start of the semester,” he said. “That outfit looks great on you.”“Hey,” Hapi said, shoving his chest lightly. He chuckled, then leaned in to peck her on the mouth.“Sorry,” he said in a lower voice, planting the next kiss on her nose. “Bad habit.”Constance was left standing in the doorway, aghast and torn between fleeing or walking up to them as though nothing had happened. In the end, she decided to compromise.She made her legs move again, but instead of walking up to the couple, she strode over to the blackboard, studying the most recent formula scribbled onto it. She hadn’t seen Yuri since yesterday, when he had left her in his secret room with the words ‘I need to get some things in order.’ Whatever those things were, they would have to be good, considering that time was ticking and they needed to come up with some kind of strategy going forward. Surely Lady Edelgard would prefer to keep her advantage and launch an attack as soon as possible, before the Church had time to grow their army.But this formula was the same as yesterday, and even if Yuri had been the one to illustrate it on the board, she could not discern any kind of hidden messages within. What was he  doing? “Do you really think it’s necessary to wear your armor already?” Hapi asked.Constance turned toward her. It didn’t sound as though her friend was questioning her decision; rather, she could detect a hint of fear in her voice, a fear that was somewhat reflected in her eyes.She hesitated, trying not to show her insecurity in her own expression. She considered herself to possess a certain strategic proclivity, but she had to acknowledge that Yuri had more experience with these kinds of ploys. Without him to consult with, she was uncertain how to act, especially around Hapi. For now, it seemed best to keep her in the dark, however much she despised lying to her best friend. Had it not been for Sylvain, perhaps she would have reconsidered; but the fact was, Sylvain’s allegiance lay with the Kingdom, and she couldn’t be sure whether he could be trusted or not. To be quite honest, she was uncomfortable even to have him here in Abyss. So until Yuri said otherwise, she would keep their true plan to herself.Still, her reply to Hapi should be the same regardless of her allegiance; perhaps there was no harm in answering sincerely?“War could break out at any moment,” she said, exhaling in relief at having come to the conclusion she had. “I simply want to be prepared.”Hapi glanced at Sylvain, who gave her a reassuring smile and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.“As long as you can sigh, you should be alright,” he said. “No one will be able to get within five feet of you.”“I guess,” Hapi said quietly, casting down her gaze.Sylvain pulled her close to his chest, turning her so she had her back to him, and wrapped his arms fully around her. He placed a kiss on top of her head.“Besides, you’ll always have me by your side,” he added. “And I’m pretty sure I’m immortal, considering how many hits I’ve taken and survived in the past.”“That’s just because you throw yourself into danger like a moron,” she muttered, but she still leaned back into him.“Why change a formula that obviously works?” he said with another chuckle.Constance sighed and turned to leave the room. She didn’t understand it. She had been so certain that Sylvain would only take advantage of Hapi; that he would tire of her and move on within a week or less. But clearly, she had been wrong. Over a month, and they were still going strong!It made her concern over Sylvain’s allegiance even worse. If he and Hapi were truly happy together… What would happen when the war came?She didn’t see even a glimpse of Yuri for the rest of the day. Too nervous to be around Hapi and Sylvain, she retreated down to his hidden room in the evening, taking care to lock both doors after her. She lay on her back on the mattress, staring up at the sheets of fabric draped over the ceiling above the make-shift bed, and wondered what it would be like to die.Yes, these were macabre thoughts to have, but she knew that the inevitable war lurking around the corner would be more lethal than anything she had ever experienced before.Well… except, perhaps, for the eradication of her house during the Insurrection of the Seven. While she had survived that, she had seen her entire family—No, she told herself, breathing in sharply. She could not think about that now.No; she needed to stay focused on the present. And perhaps thinking about her own death—how it would happen, whether it would be painful or quick—was not the most productive use of her time. On the other hand, what else could she do? She wouldn’t be able to focus on anything else now; certainly not on her spellcraft. Black and elder magic alike were far from her mind at the moment. Perhaps, then, considering her own mortality  was in fact the most productive thing she could do.A key turned in the lock, and the door opened, causing Constance to scramble on the mattress. She quickly realized, even before she saw him, that the only one who would know about this place was Yuri; and so she relaxed again. Holding herself up on her elbows, she watched him enter the room, pausing just inside to blink at her in surprise. His gaze flitted down her body, before he seemed to catch himself and immediately fixed it on her face instead. Constance pushed herself upright, self-consciously crossing her legs over the edge of the mattress, her back leaned against the wall.Strangely, Yuri didn’t close the door; he kept it slightly open, leaving the sounds of an unusually busy Abyss somewhat audible in the distance.“This is a first,” he said sheepishly.“What?” she heard herself ask.He looked away. “I just meant that you’re the only person I’ve told about this place. I don’t usually come down here to find a woman casually posing on my bed. But I did give you my extra set of keys, so I guess it’s fair enough.” Sighing, he ran a hand through his hair before walking up to the desk and unloading an envelope onto it from the inside of his jacket. “Either way, I have news. From Hubert.”“From Hubert?!”She shot up from the mattress, and before she knew it, she stood right next to him by the desk, reaching for the letter. He swiped it out of her reach in the last second, arching an eyebrow at her.“Hey, I don’t read  your letters, do I?”She crossed her arms over her chest in annoyance. “What letters? Ugh, just tell me what he says.”Tucking the envelope into his jacket again, he gave her an odd look she couldn’t quite decipher. “Either he doesn’t trust you enough to have it delivered directly to you, or he trusts you so much that he felt comfortable delivering it to me even though he couldn’t be certain I would be on the side of the Empire. What do you think?”“Never mind that,” she said, although she couldn’t help wondering about it now that he’d raised the question. “What does it say?!”“Eh, you know Hubert. Cryptic as can be. I’ll spare you the details. But from what I gather, they’ll be attacking later tonight. Taking advantage of the darkness. I’ll have the chance to deliver a reply to one of his spies in a few hours, so I’ll give him the locations of some of the secret entrances then. We’ll take Rhea’s people by surprise down here; she won’t know a thing. After that, while their main force strikes from the front, we’ll surprise them from the back.”“Rhea’s people,” Constance repeated, feeling her dread grow. “You mean she has sent her soldiers down here?”All along, she had been in the middle of the enemy army, at their whim?“Yeah,” he confirmed calmly. “I told her to.”“You  what?!” Yuri chuckled. “Oh, you’re cute when you’re confused. Didn’t I tell you I had to get some things in order? One of those  things included convincing Rhea I’m on her side.”Constance stared at him in disbelief. “And she… believed you?”He shrugged. “I can’t know for sure of course, but she seemed convinced enough.”“How did you do that, Yuri?” she asked, shaking her head.“I worked from two base assumptions,” he said, holding up two fingers with a sly grin. “One: The best, most convincing way to lie is to tell ninety-nine percent of the truth, and keep the vital one percent hidden. And two: If it seems too good to be true, it usually is. Meaning, don’t be too forthcoming, or it’ll seem suspicious. Especially when it’s me. For some reason, people hesitate to trust me—weird, isn’t it?”Ignoring his jest, she took a step back, looking him up and down suspiciously. “In that case, how do I know that you haven’t fooled  me as well? How can I trust you?”His grin melted off his lips. “You can’t,” he said, growing serious in the blink of an eye. When she scowled at him, he continued, “No, honestly. You  shouldn’t trust me. I might be truthful with you right now, but that could change in the future. You’d be better off doubting every word I say.”Perhaps she should not be scoffing at him, but that was her natural reaction. So far, she had never had any reason to sincerely doubt Yuri’s allegiance. If he wanted to pretend that he was incalculable and untrustable… If he truly believed that he was such a horrible person… Then that was his choice. But he would need much more than this to frighten her away. He could be insufferable, but he was still honorable.“If you say so,” she murmured, eager to drop the subject.She turned away, realizing that she was embracing herself. Her thoughts returned to the same place they had touched upon before Yuri showed up; except now, they were even more palpable. The war would begin tonight… She had a concrete deadline now. This time tomorrow, she might be celebrating a victory together with Lady Edelgard… or she might be dead, left to rot on the battlefield.A shiver passed through her. She did her best to hide it from Yuri, but judging by how he walked around to stand in front of her with a searching look on his face, he must have noticed.“Constance,” he said softly.Why so soft? Suddenly she wished he could have continued with the previous line of conversation anyway. At least that was better than whatever this was.Swallowing, she looked up at him. He looked almost pained; a concern that only deepened further when their gazes met.“What are you thinking?” he said, again in that soft tone of voice.She shook her head, pushing him aside to go sit down on the mattress again. Her arms were permanently locked around her chest, it seemed. The mere thought of removing them made her heartbeats quicken noticeably.If she died tonight… What had she accomplished in life? What would the records—the history books—say about her, if anything? She had worked so hard to rebuild her house ever since it fell, but in all truth… she was nowhere closer to that goal today than five years ago. Would she even be mentioned in the footnotes of Lady Edelgard’s memoirs?  ‘Pesky, delusional woman claiming to be a masterful mage, but didn’t achieve a single thing in her life.’  No, that would be too great an honor. It would need to be much, much worse than that.She inhaled shakily. Where were these thoughts coming from? There was no sunlight down here…The mattress moved slightly as Yuri sat down beside her; close by, but with enough space between them that she could pretend he wasn’t there if she closed her eyes.Except, tonight... she didn’t want to.“Listen…” he said. “I know there’s no reason for you to believe me. I have nothing to give you but my word, and considering my history, that isn’t worth much. But I want you to know that I’m not going to betray you. Anyone else, sure, but not… you.”The last word sounded painful as it came out of his mouth. Constance swallowed again, this time to stop the tears from springing loose in her eyes.“You can trust me,” he continued, “not just now, but always. If I didn’t believe in the Empire’s chance to win this conflict, I’d tell you. I wouldn’t try to manipulate you into…” He trailed off for a moment before regaining himself. “To the best of my abilities, I’ll be honest with you.”A small sigh left her. She reached out to stroke away a stray tear with the inside of her wrist; the blasted armor on the outside nearly poked her eye out.He couldn’t know what she was really afraid of. He was making an educated guess based on their previous conversation, and it had nothing to do with her true fears. But somehow, someway, his words still calmed her. She  did trust him; a thought that almost surprised her when it appeared. He was usually—nearly always—so obnoxious to her, teasing and mocking and making fun of her lesser knowledge of the things he deemed obvious. As Hapi had once phrased it, he enjoyed ‘pushing her buttons.’ That was clear.And yet…She stared down at her arms, still hugging herself.And yet, she trusted him. Felt safe here with him.There was a moment of silence as neither of them spoke further. Even with the distant sounds of Abyss echoing in the background, the room was heavy with silence. Every heartbeat in her chest sounded like thunder, every breath like the tip of a quill hastily scribbling on parchment.Yuri was so close, yet he felt much too far away.Clenching her jaw against her own hesitation, she scooted closer, then leaned in to lay her head against his shoulder. She felt him still at first; a momentary lapse in his breathing before he relaxed again. Then his arm wrapped around her, tugging her closer into him, against his side.She exhaled slowly. When had she last been embraced like this? She could not recall. The closest she had come to this kind of intimacy recently was when Hubert had drained her of power and caught her as she stumbled into his chest. But that had been closeness out of necessity, not of want. This felt much, much different. Sitting together on a mattress, on the floor of an old prison cell, in the bowels of the monastery’s dark, filthy underground.Not that this room was particularly filthy, or dark. She craned her neck to be able to gaze up toward the colorful fabrics hanging from the ceiling. Yuri clearly knew how to transform a cold, dead space into a safe and comfortable haven.And perhaps, she had to confess, his presence in the room made it even more so. The war lurking on the horizon felt far away, almost non-existent...That was, until she started to think about it again.She must have been subconsciously digging her fingernails into Yuri’s side, because he shifted slightly, gripped her wrist and gently pulled it away. She looked up at him sheepishly.“I’m sorry,” she murmured.He shook his head, giving her a soft look. “You’re thinking about the coming battle, aren’t you?”Constance blinked at him. “How...?”“You’re not acting like your usual self,” he said. “It’s clear that something’s weighing heavily on you. And, well… nothing compares to a good ol’ war, in that regard.”Lowering her gaze again, she stared at her own shoes as she considered his words. Not acting like herself… No, something was different; uncomfortably so.“I usually find comfort in the darkness,” she said quietly. “But today…”She trailed off, expecting him to fill the resulting silence, but he simply waited for her to find her words again. She half wished that he hadn’t; she didn’t want to say them out loud. But his patience hung expectantly in the air, and now, she felt as though she could not leave him hanging without a resolution.“I simply cannot help but wonder… What have I ever accomplished in life?” she pressed out painfully. “I might die tonight, and no one will remember me. No one will bat an eyelid at my corpse.”Now that the words had left her mouth, she felt like something had drained her of her last bit of power. Empty, powerless, with nothing else left to say. Nothing left to feel.Yuri didn’t answer right away. He squeezed her closer, supposedly taking a moment to find the correct response. Or, she thought with a pang, trying to think of the best way to escape the situation...“It’s completely natural to be scared,” he said eventually. “Expected, even. I’d be more worried if you weren’t—this is the largest battle you’ve faced so far, and there’s no way of knowing how it will turn out. But… to say that no one would care if you died is taking it a bit too far, don’t you think?”She sighed, glancing to the side to avoid his gaze. To her relief, he didn’t wait for a response this time.“This might not be what you want to hear, but… Truth is, very few people are recorded in history books after their deaths. If all of the students at Garreg Mach die tonight, most of them will be forgotten eventually, fading into unwritten history. But that doesn’t mean no one will care about their death. Their friends, family; even fellow soldiers will mourn them. Their memories will carry on, quite literally in other people’s minds, for a long time. And isn’t that more  real  than a dry passage in some dusty old book?”Constance stayed silent, thinking back to what Hubert had told her the night of the ball. Who would remember  her?  Who did she have, except for the Ashen Wolves? Who else even cared about her?“Tell you what,” Yuri continued softly, pulling away from her and getting up from the mattress. His absence was deeply felt; her side soon grew cold without his warmth. “There  might be something I can do to give you some comfort.”She watched as he pulled out a delicate bronze key from within his jacket and used it to unlock and open a drawer in his desk. His hands brought out a small leather notebook, its pages old and frayed, together with a quill and a bottle of ink.He returned to her side on the mattress, scooting close to her again, before flipping open the notebook. Skipping past at least half of the book, its pages filled with scribbles she didn’t have the chance to try to read before they were gone, he quickly opened a new, blank set of pages. As she watched, he dipped the quill in the ink and wrote her name at the top of the first page with careful, loopy handwriting. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she noted that it looked nothing like Crow’s; a thought that she immediately pushed away again, lest she’d fall even more deeply into her depression.  Yet another person who never truly cared about me. She thought that Yuri would end after her name, but he continued writing.‘Constance von Nuvelle, anno 1161. As lovely as she is fierce; a truly magnificent mage, and the most persistent and headstrong woman I’ve ever had the pleasure to know. (If, at times, a bit naive.)’Constance huffed in half-annoyance, half-amusement as he wrote the part in parentheses.“There,” he said, angling the page toward her. “Now you’re immortalized in here.”“And what is this book, again?” she asked with a small sigh.He placed the notebook back in his lap, considering it in silence for a beat. “I use it to write down the names of everyone I’ve lost over the years. They deserve to be remembered… even if they’re not here to see it.”Constance read the entry he had written about her again, then looked up, meeting his gaze. “You wrote my name in a book filled with names of the dead?”He chuckled and closed the book, laying it gently on the floor to the side. Then he wrapped an arm around her again. “Well, I don’t plan on sticking around to write your name  after  you die, if that’s what you’re thinking. If we die, we die together. This way, I can guarantee you’ll be recorded in history.” He paused, sounding slightly awkward when he spoke again. “... In my dumb notebook, that is. I’m afraid I can’t offer you anything better than that; not on such short notice, anyway.”“It’s… It’s a lovely gesture,” she whispered, unsure how to properly express the gratitude she felt for this simple act of compassion.“It’s not much,” he said with a shrug. “Not what you deserve. But it’s something.”“No,” she insisted, turning fully toward him so that she could look him in the eyes. They were calm, gentle… warm. “Yuri…”He took in her expression, his eyebrows slowly moving closer together as his gaze slipped from her eyes, to her nose, to her lips. In that moment, she felt almost as if she was seeing him for the first time. As though the mischievous rogue had only been a mask, and now he revealed his true self to her…No savage. Just a mockingbird.She hadn’t even noticed that she was leaning in toward him until she felt his breath on her lips. Her eyes widening, she started forming an apology, but before it could leave her mouth, Yuri erased the last inch of distance between them and touched his lips against hers.At first, it was just a flutter of butterfly wings; but when she made a small sound at the back of her throat, taken aback by even this fleeting sensation of skin against skin, his mouth returned with more pressure. The first shock was exchanged for a sudden spark of yearning, and she closed her eyes, letting him lead her into this new and unknown territory. He seemed to know how this was supposed to go; he parted his lips, and she mirrored the motion in a subconscious response, drawing for air when he closed his mouth around her bottom lip and sucked gently.Another sound escaped her throat, this time closer to a breathless moan, followed by an embarrassed squeak. But when she began to pull away, already panicking over how to explain away her animalistic response, Yuri quickly wrapped an arm around her waist and tugged her closer to him instead.“Don’t,” he murmured against her lips, sending pleasant vibrations throughout her body. “You’re fine.”She relaxed a bit at his words, but then his hand moved down to press against her lower back, his mouth moving away from hers to instead begin a trail of kisses along her jaw. She scrambled to grip the front of his jacket, just to have something to hold on to as his lips traveled across her skin. His breath was so hot, it sent a shiver down her spine as it puffed against the side of her neck.“Yuri,” she breathed, leaning her head back to grant him more surface to work with. He hummed quietly against her skin. He wants this,  she realized.  He wants… me? And  she wanted it. She wanted to be spirited away from the cold, terrifying truth of reality, and the warmth and intimacy of Yuri’s skilled mouth proved to be extremely effective in that regard. With his free hand sliding around to the back of her neck, fingers playing gently with her hair as his mouth became more and more decisive, she could simply melt into his embrace. In his arms, she could phase out of existence—move into another plane entirely—if only for a short while.Because of her armor, there was little naked skin around her neck, but he made clever use of the sensitive parts right below her chin and jaw. She didn’t know exactly  what he was doing with his mouth, only that it felt extremely intimate in an entirely new and pleasant way; soft, hot caresses of his lips and tongue, interspersed with short bursts of pain as he nibbled her skin with his teeth. Her senses were completely overwhelming her, the bleak world beyond their little space together growing non-existent.“Oh,” she whispered breathlessly as he sucked on an especially tender spot below her left ear, somehow simultaneously painful and thrilling. The hand that had pressed against her lower back moved around to her front and nudged her backward, guiding her down into a more reclined position on the mattress. He followed suit, and then immediately grazed his teeth against the spot where he’d just been sucking.Constance gasped and arched her back, moving her hands around his torso and over to his shoulder blades now that the distance between their bodies had all but evaporated. He was supporting himself above her with one of his forearms against the mattress next to her, and his other hand traveled down along her body until it reached the naked skin on her thighs; right where the clunkiest armor pieces were usually fastened. As she inhaled sharply at the sensation, she silently thanked herself for having decided not to wear the armor pieces for her thighs and shoulders before the actual battle broke out.But the feeling of his fingers dancing over her thigh made some dormant part of her brain come to life, reminding her that this was perhaps not the smartest path to go down right now. She moved her hands to his shoulders and pushed, and he immediately broke away from her neck, hand disappearing from her thigh as he nimbly pushed himself up above her. She opened her eyes and met his alert gaze. With a pang, she noted that he was slightly out of breath, and his cheeks were a warmer color than usual. For some reason, she supposed she had expected him to look as perfectly put together as always, but clearly she affected him more than she had thought.And yet, having his gaze so utterly and intensely focused on her made it all the more difficult to squeeze out the words she needed to say.“I,” she began, barely more than a breath. How could she even phrase this elegantly? She had never found herself in a situation like this before! “I… I best keep my armor on. In case I… have need for it.”This wasn’t the most elegant or direct way of communicating what she truly meant, she knew this, but even still, she was relieved that she had even been able to get something coherent out, considering the state he had put her in.Yuri huffed out an amused breath, smiling slightly as he shook his head. “Yeah. Good thinking.” Then he paused, studying her face with a more serious expression. “You know, we could stop, if—”“No!” she exclaimed, surprising the both of them. She inhaled sharply. “I—I mean… I didn’t say  that.  You can continue with… whatever you were doing.”His mouth widened into a grin. He lowered himself back down over her, leaning in to place a soft kiss on her earlobe that once again made her entire body shiver.“Got it,” he whispered.Whatever Constance had expected from the coming night, the suffocating stillness of reality was far from it.Stupidly, she supposed she had expected some kind of dramatic announcement that the battle had begun. But instead, come the early hours of the night, it began in the silence of the shadows.Apparently, Yuri had been busy in the past twenty-four hours. Even before the Imperial soldiers found their way into Abyss through his secret paths, Yuri’s own men had succeeded in identifying and eliminating a very impressive number of spies and soldiers alike from the Church of Seiros—and all in secret, without alerting any of those who remained. She likely wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t told her herself, as usual materializing from the shadows and nearly startling her to death.She was just on her way out of the women’s quarters, having finally decided to put on the last armor pieces despite no sign of the battle starting, when he stepped into her field of vision ahead. Her gut reaction was to throw her hands out and form lightning between them, to which he responded with a quick, wordless silencing spell. Her magic died in an instant, her energy reserves momentarily flinching as they tried to regain themselves.“Yuri,” she whispered forcefully, bringing a hand to her chest in an attempt to calm her racing heart. “Is it beginning?He gave her a quick once-over, taking in her full armor. “In a matter of moments,” he said, no trace of his usual musical lilt. It immediately set her on edge. “You need to go to the surface and find Hapi—she was seen leaving with Sylvain a while ago. I don’t know what she’ll do when...”He trailed off with a curse, adding something under his breath that she could not discern, and perhaps that was for the best. Constance nodded, already moving—but he gripped her arm, bringing her to a quick halt.“We’ve already taken out most of the people the Church had positioned down here, but doubtlessly missed some. Be  careful.” She swallowed at the intense look in his eyes, instantly recognizing that there was more behind his words than he was letting on, but there was no time to go into it.“You as well.”He released her arm, and as she started moving again, she saw him once again slip into the shadows and disappear in another direction. Constance broke into a run. She knew Yuri’s moods well enough to understand that he was seriously worried about Hapi. And if  Yuri  was worried about something… It was  worth worrying about.As she reached the more populated areas of Abyss, she slowed somewhat. She walked cautiously through Burrow Street, keeping an eye out for anything odd, but everything was remarkably ordinary. She saw no Church colors or apparent spies, but then again, if  Yuri couldn’t find any more, she doubted she would. The only details that hinted of what was to come were the rogues discreetly positioned along the pathways up toward the surface, but even those easily blended in with the surroundings. In all probability, they would have passed her by unnoticed hadn’t she been on the lookout for disruptions in the usual patterns.She took the steps of the stairs in long strides, boosting herself up the first ladder toward the surface with a gust of wind beneath her feet to quicken the pace. The sounds of Abyss faded out, exchanged for the raw, near absolute silence of the more shallow underground pathways. A basic light spell lit the way forward as she ran through the familiar pathways, skipping over loose floor parts and cracks that she could identify with her eyes closed if needed. She was currently three levels below the surface, in the limbo between two worlds, and all that could be heard here were the echoes of her own footsteps as her heels clip-clapped against the stone floor.And yet, even while running at full speed through the corridor, she could feel deep in her core that this was the last moment of stillness she would experience before morning.Sylvain leaned his elbows against the stone mound, staring unseeingly toward the gate beyond the market. This late at night, there were no merchants left in their stalls, and the only sources of light flickered right by the gate. If this had been a clear night, he knew he would’ve seen millions of stars in the sky above. He knew this because they had accompanied him here so many nights before, twinkling at him almost mockingly as he stood there in silence, just a silly human with his silly human troubles.Well… for once, he’d come here with troubles that seemed like they might even be worthy of respect from the stars themselves. Typical then, that they decided not to show tonight.Hapi shifted beside him. A glance toward her told him she had turned her gaze up to the sky. He smiled without emotion; just an automatic twitch of his muscles.“Usually, this is a great place to stargaze,” he said smoothly. “But I guess even the stars shy away from your beauty.”Hapi rolled her eyes, and he immediately knew that if it weren’t for her condition, she would have sighed at him for a week straight.“You’re so dumb.”But she said it with a note of fondness in her voice.He pushed down his discomfort and widened his smile into a grin instead, shifting his weight against the mound so he could look up at her from the side, showing off what he knew was his best angle.Not that he had any  bad  ones, per se… At least, no one seemed to have discovered any yet.“You’re just saying that because it’s easier than accepting the truth,” he teased her, and wouldn’t you know it, even in the dim lighting he could discern a coloration in her cheeks.“No,” she said in a forced voice, “I’m saying that because… because…”“Because?” he asked gently when she trailed off.She looked away, letting out the most adorable sound of frustration. “Because you’re dumb. I told you.”“Right,” he said, chuckling softly. “I mean... you’re not wrong.”He turned back to staring at the gate. He almost thought he could hear sounds of weapons clashing already, but that couldn’t be… That must be his imagination. If Hapi didn’t hear anything, then…Damn it, he was so freaking antsy. Where was his cool? He didn’t bat an eyelid when it was brothers with pitchforks coming after him—why the hell would this unnerve him so much?Of course, he knew the answer to that question. It was the whole reason why he’d gone down to Abyss to find Hapi tonight, after all. Why he hadn’t been able to stand lying sleepless on his back in bed—listening to Dimitri grumbling almost feverishly in his sleep in the next room, knowing full well Felix still hadn’t returned from the training grounds, and willing to bet his right arm Ingrid had gone to sleep wearing her armor… Why even Abyss had failed to tame his looming sense of dread.The reason... being…He squeezed his eyes closed, hard; almost so hard it hurt.

Pushing open his eyes again, he spun to face Hapi, who jumped at the sudden movement.“Let’s get out of here,” he said; maybe a  bit too forcefully, considering her shocked expression.“... What? You mean…  Outside?” He nodded, reaching forward to grab her hand. She let him intertwine his fingers with hers.“Let’s go. Before the Imperial army shows up. Let’s just—just you and me—”“That is absolutely out of the question.”Sylvain tensed, raising his gaze above Hapi’s shoulder just before she spun around to face the new voice as well. In the flickering cone of light cast by one of the torches near the pond stood the proud figure of Constance von Nuvelle, hands placed defiantly by her waist.He exhaled all the air out of his lungs as she started toward them with long, decisive strides. He didn’t know whether to feel hopelessness or relief. Maybe he could settle for a mix of both.“Coco,” Hapi exclaimed, backing a step, almost right into Sylvain. He reached forward to place a steadying—and hopefully, reassuring—hand on her hip. “What are you—”“You are fortunate I can recognize you with my lightning magic even across half of Garreg Mach,” Constance said, voice clearly upset. “What do you think you are doing?! Considering to leave  now,  just before the war begins, together with  Sylvain Gautier of all people?!”“I never said anything about leaving!” Hapi objected.Constance’s gaze snapped over to Sylvain, who straightened subconsciously. He’d never met another woman whose mere posture could emanate so much confidence and decisiveness—not even Ingrid came close to Constance in that regard. She didn’t even really need to speak, and he still reacted the same to her as he would to any veteran commander.“You,” she fumed. “Just what are you…”She trailed off, then gasped, a hand flying up to her mouth as her eyes widened in an exaggerated expression. He couldn’t say if it was conscious on her part, though. He never knew with Constance.“Of course!” she exclaimed, her shocked look already exchanged for a scowl. “You’re a spy sent by the Church to infiltrate Abyss and separate the Ashen Wolves, aren’t you! This was your plan all along!”“Spy?!” Hapi asked. “Coco, what the hell are you talking about?”“This is what he does,” she said, turning to her friend with a slightly softer expression. “Can you not see it? He charms and manipulates women into doing his bidding! The Church—the Kingdom—are taking advantage of it, to sow doubts in us! To make us fight amongst ourselves!”Sylvain almost smiled, but thankfully managed to stop himself in the last second. Even with her crazy theories, he had to acknowledge that Constance was refreshingly observant compared to most other women in the academy. Maybe manipulating women into doing his bidding wasn’t  quite it, but…“You just never stop, do you!”“Me?! Hapi, you heard him yourself! He tried to convince you to desert just now! He tried to steal you away from us!”“Have you ever considered that maybe I actually  want to leave?!”Sylvain snapped out of his own thoughts. Wait—what? She—“Hapi!” Constance gasped. “What are you saying?”Hapi stepped toward her friend, causing his hand to fall to his side. “Maybe I prefer leaving with Sylvain over staying here like some kind of pet rat,” she said. “A rat locked in an underground cage.”Constance looked stumped. He didn’t blame her; he wasn’t so sure himself where this was going. While he had an idea where it was  coming from…  He hadn’t thought she felt that strongly about it.Or… or maybe Constance was right. Maybe he’d just manipulated her into thinking she felt that strongly about it.He opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. No surprise; he had no idea what to say, except that he felt he  should say something.“A rat?” Constance repeated softly. “If that is truly how you feel, I am deeply sorry. I… I can see how that could…” She paused, drawing for air. “But leaving with a Kingdom noble… Hapi, this is not the time for impulsive decisions. A  war is about to break out.”“So what if he’s a Kingdom noble?” Hapi asked sharply. “We’re fighting the war on their side, aren’t we?”Constance fell silent, gaze darting nervously between Hapi and Sylvain. A whirlpool came to life in his stomach. And he immediately knew.“No,” he said slowly. “You’re not.”Hapi spun to stare at him, then back around toward Constance, who looked uncharacteristically insecure—but only for a second, before she straightened again.“I wanted to tell you,” she said, sounding sincerely apologetic, “but due to your relationship with Sylvain, we could not be certain—”“You lied to me,” Hapi said weakly. “You lied, and Yuri-bird lied. You both lied. Because I can’t be trusted.”“No! That is  not  true. We do trust you; but we had no way of knowing what  he would do! And how you would react—”“How I’d  react?  Oh, what, you thought I’d thoughtlessly summon a bunch of monsters in Abyss and fuck the place up? You thought I’d fuck  everything up? You were scared of me, is that it? Tell you what, if that’s what you think—”“Hapi,” Sylvain said quietly, taking a step forward to place a gentle hand on her shoulder. “Maybe we should stop and think about this for a minute.”She shrugged his hand off, ignoring his plea. “If that’s what you think,” she continued in a raised and noticeably trembling voice, “then I might as well leave! Or maybe I’ll fight for the Church. At least they never lied to my face. At least they don’t fear me behind my back.”“No—” Constance breathed, barely audible at even this short distance. “Hapi, please! We do not fear you!”“Maybe you should,” Hapi snapped harshly, causing both Constance and Sylvain to freeze.For a second, their gazes met in mutual understanding. He shook his head discreetly. He didn’t think Hapi would sigh, even while she was this upset, but he wasn’t so sure she wouldn’t do something that could be said to be much, much worse than that. Something she would regret for the rest of her life.“Hapi,” he tried again, this time in a firmer tone of voice. To his relief, she at least paused to glare at him over her shoulder. “I don’t think you should fight on the Church’s side.”Her face fell, and for a moment, she looked absolutely lost. Desperate not to have her start spiraling in the opposite direction, he quickly added, “Because that’s not where  I will be.”Now her expression became one of confusion as she waited for him to clarify further. He glanced over at Constance, who looked not so much surprised as extremely wary. Not that he could blame her.Returning his gaze to Hapi, he tentatively held out his hands, hoping she would take them. She stared down at them for a moment, but didn’t bite. Still, he didn’t withdraw them.“I don’t want to fight for the Church,” he said slowly. “I don’t want to fight for Faerghus either. I mean…” He sucked in air between his teeth. “I do, but it’s not…”… Not what? Not morally defensible? Not  right? He’d spent so much time thinking about this lately, and still, he didn’t know exactly what he felt. Leave it to Sylvain Gautier to be absolutely blocked off from his own emotions… What’d he need them for, anyway? All he’d ever needed was his body and his smile, and he was set.But maybe… Maybe it didn’t  have to be that way. At least, maybe it didn’t have to be for the Sylvain Gautiers of the future.He exhaled a shaky breath, finally letting his hands fall back to his sides.“... it’s not what I need. What any of us needs.”When Hapi just stared at him in confusion, he swallowed and continued,“I don’t think Edelgard has all the right answers. But at least she’s asking the right questions.”As if on cue, a deafening roar sounded across the monastery grounds, causing the three of them to duck and stare up toward the sky. Seconds later, a gigantic white dragon-like creature appeared from beyond the rooftops, moving over the sky above their heads and toward the darkness beyond the gate at an unnatural speed. He scrambled for the lance on his back automatically, despite knowing deep down that it wouldn’t even have made a dent in those thick scales.“Holy f—”“Yes,” Constance agreed, standing up straight again. “Holy ‘f’ indeed.” She shot him a sharp look. “We do not have the time to discuss this further at the moment. However, if you will grant us your strength in this battle, thus proving your allegiance to the Empire…”She didn’t need to finish his sentence. He nodded quickly. “I’ll give my all, no matter what it takes.”Constance gave him a nod of her own in acknowledgement before turning her attention back to Hapi. “And… you…?”The redhead between them stared down at her own shoes, seeming far away in her thoughts.He couldn’t help but feel guilty for her predicament. She’d apparently been so convinced he was on the Church’s side, she hadn’t even considered what she would do if he turned out not to be. Maybe if he’d told her about his concerns… But then, he hadn’t known what side  she was on either. He’d had his doubts about the whole Yuri-helping-the-archbishop thing, truth be told, but not enough to be sure.“I…” she started slowly. “I don’t know.”Constance looked crushed by that statement, but Sylvain knew better than to take it at face-value.“You don’t have to,” he said, taking her hand and gripping it between his palms before she could think to shove him away. “Not right now. But if you still trust me, you’re welcome to ride with me, for now. I could use someone to cover my back, seeing how I always throw myself mindlessly into danger and all that...”It was a long shot, but it was all he could think of; and to his immense relief, Hapi looked up at him with at least a trace of a bitter smile on her lips.“... Fine,” she said. “But only because I’d be angry if you died like an idiot.”Sylvain smiled. “I’ll take it.”He looked up toward Constance again, who nodded solemnly.“To the stables, then.”When Hubert saw the great white wings of a dragon beat against the dark sky, he knew that their victory would not come easily. Letting the blade of his dagger run neatly across the neck of his adversary—a common brawler reckless enough to throw himself at an experienced dark mage without much thought—he barely heard the body drop to the ground before he teleported himself over to Lady Edelgard’s side. He quickly took out a mage coming in from her back, signalling for her to duck as he then fired another spell toward the war master she had been locked in battle with before he arrived. The man was launched several feet backward, slamming into a tree trunk so hard that he lost his consciousness. Another spell closed the deal.“Your Majesty,” Hubert said with a quick bow. “We should withdraw to a more strategic position.”“I am not leaving the front lines, Hubert!”He gritted his teeth as he fired a spell toward another attacker, dodging an arrow from the direction of the woods. Lady Edelgard moved her shield in front of him, catching two more arrows, before launching a throwing axe toward the culprit.“The Immaculate One—”“Will be focused on Byleth,” she finished with a sharp look. “And speaking of, he will need our aid. Whenever you’re ready…”Swallowing his complaints, Hubert raised his hand in front of him, intending to teleport them both closer to the professor, but paused when he glimpsed an unexpected sight above their heads. A dark pegasus soared past, its pitch-black wings whipping in the air as its rider deftly navigated it between spells and arrows alike.The rider, of course, being Constance; and behind her—clad in the unmistakable House Leader uniform of the Ashen Wolves House—Yuri Leclerc.As he watched, the trickster blinked out of existence on the pegasus’ back, exchanged for a Church of Seiros soldier. Barely shifting atop her animal, Constance reached toward the confused soldier, gripping his arm with one hand before blasting his face full with ice with the other, elegantly ending his life in a single move. In the next second, he phased away, exchanged again with Yuri, who sheathed a dagger in his belt before nodding to Constance. And then they were off toward their next target.The whole display had barely taken more than five seconds, but Hubert had seen much less impressive feats in over double that time. Their individual skill was nothing new to him, but seeing them act in synchronization in such a way…“Hubert!”His attention snapped back to Lady Edelgard, who studied him with a curious expression.“Ah, apologies, Your Majesty. Right away.”He swiped his hand to the side in a practiced movement, letting a cloud of elder magic envelop him and his liege.“Two o’clock,” Yuri called from behind her back. “Thunderbrand.”Constance turned her gaze in that direction, reaching out with her lightning magic to quickly locate the woman with the relic sword currently slicing her way through an array of Imperial soldiers below.“Too strong.”“Too strong for gravity?” he asked. She could practically hear the smirk in his voice. “Eh, fine. How about…”He paused, shooting out his hand to the left. Her head jerked around to see what he was doing, only just catching how a mage standing on raised ground to their left stumbled back, silenced by Yuri’s faith magic.“... Bernadetta,” he said. “At eleven.”She gave him a skeptical glance before turning forward again. “Bernadetta?”“She can fire arrows from the back while you fire spells from the front. A lethal combo.”“I am  not flying with a new person for the first time in the midst of battle. What if she falls?”“What, Bernie? Never seen a steadier person in my life.”“Yuri! Focus!”He chuckled lightly. “All right. But listen, I need to save my energy. One more trick, then it’s sword and dagger for the rest of the battle. So let’s make it count, yeah?”Steering her pegasus closer to the ground, Constance scanned the battlefield below. Ignoring the immense dragon beating down trees and soldiers alike half a mile away, she had to acknowledge that Yuri’s stealth maneuvers inside the monastery had paid off: Most of the elite commanders of the Church were absent, as were large numbers of their lower ranked soldiers. She had no idea how he and the others had done it, but without their surprise attack, this would for certain have been a lost cause.She had found him shortly after taking off with her pegasus: he had been in close combat with two soldiers on the third floor balcony, sufficiently holding them off but struggling to gain the upper hand. With a little help from her lightning magic and a trick or two from his own sleeves, they had departed into the air soon thereafter, with him riding steadily behind her. This was not the first time they had joined forces, not even on the back of her pegasus, and so the comfort of sensing his presence so close behind her had quickly made her forget the concerns she had voiced earlier in the night.“I’ll be damned,” Yuri said now. “Look. Nine o’clock.”She gazed down to their left, almost immediately catching his meaning. Dashing between the trees below were Sylvain and Hapi atop his horse; Sylvain mowing down Church soldiers with his lance while Hapi covered him with her elder spells. Two redheads on a murderous spree through the woods. They were quite the sight indeed.Constance sighed deeply. “Ah, yes. That. A romance that will surely go down in history.”“... Fill me in later, yeah?”“I suggest you ask them yourself.”He chuckled, gripping her hips a little more tightly as he leaned in toward her shoulder. “Fair enough.” His right hand came up beside her, pointing toward a group of heavily armored Church soldiers standing their ground against the Imperial army. “Over there. I’ll take one of the middle ones, wreak as much havoc as possible, then—”The last words of his sentence were drowned out by an inhuman roar as the dragon archbishop launched its heavy form into the air in the distance. Constance tugged the reins of her pegasus, drawing to an abrupt halt in the air. The dragon whipped its immense wings against the backdrop of the black night sky, letting out another furious roar as it threw its head back. It seemed poised to attack—and whoever was at the receiving end of that attack would hardly survive to see the light of morning.“Hold on tightly,” she told Yuri. He moved both hands back to her hips and planted his legs firmly against the sides of the animal.Kicking her pegasus back into action, Constance set her sights on the area directly in front of the dragon. She kept pushing the animal to accelerate, holding on for dear life as they crackled against the sky like a bolt of lightning and only decelerating again once the figures below the dragon came into view.Standing in the middle of a town street, surrounded by pillars of fire where before there had been trees and houses, was professor Byleth. He had his gaze set on the dragon, face set and sword glowing in anticipation as he held it up in front of him in preparation. A few paces behind him stood Lady Edelgard and Hubert, the latter with his hands enveloped by elder magic.The archbishop roared again; a thunderous sound that made the pegasus come to a sudden halt mid-air and tilt abruptly to the side. Constance leaned forward and into the movement almost subconsciously, but her fellow rider had not had the years of training she had atop a winged animal; a yelp sounded behind her, and then Yuri’s hands scrambled for better grip around her waist. She gripped one of his wrists, holding it tightly as she tried to calm the animal, but she could feel him slipping.“Yuri!” she exclaimed as she half-turned toward him, scrambling to reach his other hand. She only just managed to catch his wrist before he fell.He was hanging from the side of the pegasus, just in front of its long wings, one arm desperately locked around Constance’s hip as she held on to his other one, her nails digging into the skin of his forearm. His weight caused both her and the pegasus to tilt dangerously to their right, its delicate wings struggling to keep them in the air even as it writhed in its attempts to get away from the dragon, and with her hands occupied, she had no way of taking control of the animal. Her eyes met Yuri’s, and for a fraction of a second, she believed that she could see a flash of fear in his gaze. Then his jaw tensed, his expression turning decisive.“Let go of my wrist,” he said.“What?!” she exclaimed, eyes widening. “But—”“Do it!” he snapped.She released his wrist, immediately reaching for the reins instead in an attempt to regain control of the pegasus. She tugged sharply, then leaned to the left to adjust for Yuri’s weight on the other side. The pegasus balked at first, but when she reached forward and placed a calming hand on its neck, it ceased its writhing slightly beneath her, until it had stilled enough that Yuri could heave himself back up behind her. His hands returned to her hips as he leaned his forehead against her back.“Fuck,” he mumbled emphatically.And then came a guttural yell from the ground.Constance whipped her head around to take in the scene below them. Where before there had been a street was now a long, seemingly bottomless ravine. She couldn’t locate Byleth anywhere, but Lady Edelgard kneeled by the edge, staring down into the darkness, as Hubert held up a protective spell around her, shielding her as best he could from the dragon looming at one end of the ravine; a holy dragon surrounded by flames, terror and death.Constance remained frozen on the back of the pegasus, watching as the Empress slowly stood up straight and faced the winged archbishop.“You!” she shouted, voice ravaged by emotion. “You will  pay for this!”But when she started toward the large form, Hubert teleported himself in her way, blocking her path. She stopped abruptly.“Out of my way, Hubert,” she demanded.Behind him, the dragon was already taking to the air again. Her wings lifted her immense weight into the sky with clear effort, but instead of getting ready to attack again, she turned and began to fly away; not toward the monastery, but in the opposite direction. Hubert followed the movement with his gaze.“No,” he said steadily. “Now is not the time. We have captured Garreg Mach; the Church’s forces are retreating, and so is the archbishop. I will not allow you to act against your own best interest in such a reckless and destructive manner, Lady Edelgard.”Constance swallowed, turning her gaze toward the monastery. She had not realized it before, while in the midst of battle, but… It did seem that they had managed to push through and enter Garreg Mach. She could see Imperial banners by the gates.She returned her attention to the Empress and her vassal just as Edelgard drew in a shuddering breath. When her shoulders relaxed again, she dropped both her axe and her shield to the ground, then hung her head in defeat. She spoke, but her voice was too soft for Constance to discern a single word.Yuri’s grip around her hips faltered slightly. “Hey,” he said, so quietly that she could only just hear him over the sound of pegasus wings beating the air. “Let’s go back. Head for Abyss, and we’ll take out any stragglers we find on the way.”Lungs clenching painfully in her chest, she nodded and turned away from the scene below them, guiding the now calm pegasus back in the direction of the monastery. Before leaving the area, she reached out with her lightning magic for the professor. Perhaps she had misunderstood something; perhaps she had simply failed to spot him in the shadows?But throughout the woods, the remains of the town, and even the depths of the ravine...There was nothing. 

The Ashen Wolves classroom was silent.Well, silent but for the soft sound of rifling papers from time to time, and the scritches of quills against said paper—as well as the occasional mutter from one end of the room, and a whispered incantation from the other.This had been a somewhat regular occurrence in the past few weeks: Constance working through her latest spells at one of the tables, while Yuri dealt with his own work at another. It was not everyday that he needed to bury himself in maps, letters and reports—as far as she knew, most of his work was of a more practical nature—but whenever he did, he would invite her to join him. Perhaps he enjoyed their comfortable silence as much as she had come to appreciate it. Otherwise, he would surely have shut himself in his secret room below.After the battle at the monastery some weeks ago, things had been deceptively calm; at Garreg Mach in general, and in Abyss in particular. Yuri seemed busier than ever, but the war seemed to have come to a momentary standstill. The archbishop and her forces, along with the Blue Lions students, had withdrawn to Faerghus to regroup. The von Riegan heir and most of his classmates had returned to their respective houses in the Alliance. Of the students from the other houses, three had chosen to side with Lady Edelgard in the war: Lorenz and Lysithea from the Golden Deer, and Sylvain from the Blue Lions. All of the Black Eagles had sided with the Empire. Even Bernadetta, who had seemed the most conflicted of them all, had eventually decided to stay. Perhaps she was too terrified of Hubert’s potential retaliations to dare abandon her comrades.And among those who had left… was, perhaps most surprisingly, Balthus. Hapi had been most upset when she learned about it. Yuri had explained to her that he had close ties with the Alliance, and that there was—as of yet—no bad blood involved in his decision to leave. But still, his departure had shaken them all to varying extent. As for Constance, it reminded her that no allegiance was set in stone.In some manner of speaking, Sylvain had filled Balthus’ shoes. After Constance and Yuri had finally swallowed their pride and apologized to him and Hapi for their doubts, the Gautier heir had begun showing up even more often in Abyss; sometimes even without Hapi by his side. Constance wouldn’t go so far as to say he was part of the family, but… She had to admit he could be pleasant—especially when he brought her coffee beans.With the war momentarily out of her mind, Constance’s currently most prominent issue was that of her relationship with Yuri. Three weeks ago, he had managed to make her feel safe where everything else had failed. He had granted her access to his secret cove, even offering her a spare key so that she would be able to go there anytime she had need of it. And then, he had momentarily caused her to forget what awaited later that night.After that, there had been the occasional touch or stolen kiss when no one was watching or when they happened to run into each other in his secret room. Nothing more serious than their first time, but still far more than she had expected. To be quite honest, she had assumed their intimacy that night was a one time event, just something he did to comfort her before the battle, but apparently he thought otherwise. And that had made her wonder about the nature of their relationship.A relationship with Yuri… The thought was of some interest, to be fair, but their aims in life were so different as to be very nearly laughable. She wanted to stand in the spotlight of noble society, renowned all around the world for her magical prowess and absolute discipline even in the face of the harshest of adversaries. Yuri, however, seemed content to remain the unofficial leader of Abyss; a gang leader, thief and assassin, working in the shadows and using his charm to get what he wanted, even from nobles if need be. As such, they could practically be described as polar opposites. Yuri would never want to stand at the bright center of attention with her, and she did not want to remain hidden in the dark forever. A relationship between them, then, would necessarily force at least one of them to sacrifice what they wanted for the sake of the other.When she had mustered up enough courage to consult him about this, his reply had surprised her.  ‘Neither of us is much for tradition, right? Unless it benefits us. You may see us as opposites, but when it comes down to it, we aren’t so different after all. Even the brightest of colors look grey in the dark… The way I see it, there’s really no need to make this more complicated than it is. If we find comfort in each other’s company, I say we make use of it.’  He’d paused at that point, his smile widening into a grin.  ‘I’ve never been much for labels, anyway.’ On one hand, such an arrangement was most certainly not befitting of a noblewoman. But on the other hand… what Yuri had said rang true.  Neither of us is much for tradition unless it benefits us.  With a single sentence, he had captured the essence of something she had never before considered in any great detail, but which nonetheless rang true when spoken out loud. What need did she have for tradition if it did not benefit her? And what harm could there be in, as Yuri had put it, ‘seeking comfort in each other’s company’ from time to time?It was as she pondered these thoughts anew, momentarily forgetting her magical studies, that Yuri got up from his table at the other side of the room, stretched his arms into the air with a yawn, and then strode calmly over to her table.She realized with a jolt that she noticed all this in great detail only because she had been staring in his direction.  Goodness, how long have I— “Making any progress?” he asked as he leaned back against her table, peering down at her with a blank expression on his face. An expression which, she had come to learn, meant that his mind was anything  but blank. “Ah,” she said, rifling through her parchments as she tried to come up with a response. His mind may not be blank, but hers had certainly emptied very suddenly. “Er, some progress, yes. Thank you.”At the moment, she barely remembered what she had been studying before he walked over to her side of the classroom.He sighed and leaned his head back to stare up at the ceiling. “That’s more than I could say for myself. At this rate, I should hire an assistant. Good lord, I hate paperwork. Any and all kind.”Grateful for something to latch onto, Constance perked up somewhat. “How could you possibly have so much paperwork in the first place?”“I didn’t tell you? Apparently I was subtly ‘promoted’ to a general at the start of the war. Meaning I have to do the Empire’s bidding. And currently… that equates to securing supply routes and overseeing monastery defences with some of the other generals.” He glanced down at her with a sigh. “From the ‘comfort’ of a classroom.”“You should be honored to serve the Empress, Yuri.”He winced and turned around to face her instead. “Ugh, just nip it, will you?” His gaze moved down to her own papers. “I should have known better than to complain about  dearest Lady Edelgard  in your vicinity.”Constance scowled, gathering up her papers so he couldn’t read them. “Feel free to return to your paperwork, then.”At that, the corners of his lips twitched somewhat. “Touché. I do need a break.” He leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table as he tilted his head to the side and gave her a look she could only describe as mischievous. “You know, that scowl looks really rather cute on you.”She froze, her next breath hitching in her throat. Her face was already warm. “Everything looks cute on me,” she retorted, hoping that it would stop him from continuing his teasing. Unfortunately, it misfired completely.“Oh, not everything,” he said immediately, lowering his voice somewhat before continuing. “I wouldn’t describe your dark flier’s gear as ‘cute’. Other words come to mind, though. Should I share them?”Constance gasped, one hand flying to her own chest. “Yuri!”He burst into a loud laughter as he stood up straight again next to the table. “You practically handed that one to me on a silver platter.”“I did not hand you anything! Do not put this on me, you scoundrel!”“Alright, alright,” he admitted with a smile. “I just love flustering you, and it’s so easy sometimes. But actually, I just now remembered there’s something I wanted to ask you about.” He produced an envelope from his coat. “Do you know anything about this?”The envelope was yellow-ish in color, its edges torn, as though it had travelled far before landing in the underground of Garreg Mach. Holding it between his index and middle finger, he angled it so that she could see the front of the envelope. Constance blinked at the sparse address, speechless.“‘Miss Sunshine of Abyss’,” Yuri quoted, studying her with an inquisitive gaze. “Can’t think of anyone who fits that description better than you.”“Where on Earth did you find this?” she breathed, barely believing her eyes. The firm, steady script written on the front… She recognized it immediately. There was no doubt that this envelope had been sent to her by Crow.“It was delivered by one of my men, who in turn had it delivered to him by another. Eventually it ended up in my lap because the last messenger didn’t know what else to do with it. I’ve tried to trace it down the chain, but there’s just not enough to go on.”“And you only give it to me  now?!” She reached out to snatch the envelope, but he quickly jerked it out of her reach. “Hang on,” he said, eyes narrowing. “ You  know its origins… don’t you?”She clenched her jaw. “That is none of your concern. Now give me what is rightfully mine.”“Fair enough,” he sighed. As he handed her the envelope, she noticed that one end of it had been ripped open. “You opened my mail?!” she gasped, giving him an accusatory scowl.The bastard smiled. “Take it easy, Shady Lady. I didn’t read it. Just wanted to make sure it wasn’t a trap, that’s all.” He gave her a deep bow, ending with an exaggerated flourish with his hand as he extended one arm to the side. “I wouldn’t want  milady to come to any harm on my watch.”She harrumphed, turning her back to him as she carefully reached inside the envelope and pulled out its contents. As a folded piece of old parchment appeared before her eyes, a smaller note fell out and dropped to the floor. She leaned down and picked it up, turning it over.

Thought this might be of interest to you.

Her heart filled with hope. This was more of Crow’s handwriting! Eager to see what he was referring to, she stood up again and unfolded the parchment. Her eyes scanned the page, which was filled to the brim with small, loopy handwriting, including little sketches of magic circles and spells illustrated by magical notation. A somewhat larger script at the top read, ‘Anamnesis Φ’.“So? What is it?” Yuri asked behind her.Without moving her gaze from the parchment, Constance turned around in her seat to face him again. “It’s… a spell for the precise excision of a memory, I believe,” she said quietly, trying to wrap her head around what Crow had intended by sending her this. It was clearly elder magic—and advanced, at that. She could barely interpret the instructions, much less the formula itself. Did Crow believe that she possessed enough skill to cast this kind of magic? Or was this some kind of test?“Memory removal, eh?” “However,” she said with a small sigh, “it is far above my current skill level, I’m afraid.”“Pfft! Above  your skill level? That must be some magic.”She gave him a harsh look. “If you mean to somehow insult me—”“No no,” he said, raising his hands in defence. “For once, I’m not being sarcastic. Although…” He thought for a moment. “It’s not like you to doubt yourself.”Constance scoffed. “Acknowledging that there are certain kinds of magic which I have neglected to study,” she said firmly, “does not reflect any kind of fault on my part. I strive to become the very best in my field! As such, I can hardly justify dedicating precious time to studying subjects broadly. No, I must be like the scalpel in my priorities; that is, precise and decisive!”“I see,” he said with an amused smirk playing on his lips. “And this particular kind of magic has not been among your priorities, I take it?”She looked down at the parchment again. “Well,” she murmured. “Not until fairly recently, no.”Yuri fell silent. A quick glance up at his face—curious, but simultaneously blank—revealed to her that he was quite obviously keeping himself from asking more questions. He was usually masterful at hiding his thoughts and feelings from the world, but now it was clear as day that he was dying to know more about who had sent her the letter, and why.Although… To be quite honest, she was deeply curious about the ‘why’ as well. She had not heard from Crow in six weeks, and after so long without any contact, he chose to send her  this? She turned the envelope over, reading the so-called ‘address’ again.  Miss Sunshine of Abyss… As far as she could recall, she had never told Crow about her affliction, yet this nom de plume was clearly a reference to her issues with sunlight. And a spell for removing memories—and not just any and all memories, but  specific ones—implied to her that he had something particular in mind. “What would I need this for?” she mused aloud, hoping that Yuri would offer some gleam of insight that could help illuminate the purpose of the letter. As expected, he immediately grasped onto the bait.“Planning to commit any heinous crimes in the near future?” he asked. “A spell like that would come in handy when dealing with witnesses.”She glared at him. Of course that would be his line of thought. “Is that what you think of me? Clearly that was not the intention!”Yuri arched an intrigued eyebrow. “Ah, so it’s a spell specifically intended for you, then.”“Er—Th-that is—” she stammered, cheeks warming. He laughed at her reaction. “Jackpot, I see. Hm… I suppose, if I’d found a memory spell that made me think of you…” He paused, lifting his gaze to the ceiling as he thought. When he lowered it again, his smile had been exchanged for a thoughtful look. “Feel free to smack me over the head for this, but… Unless you have someone else in mind, I’d assume whoever sent you this intended you to use it on yourself.”Constance brought the parchment to her chest, holding it to her as she considered Yuri’s words. “Myself…” she whispered. Crow wouldn’t expect her to erase all her memories of  him,  would he? If that were the case, he would have been better off trying to learn it himself, so he could cast it on her against her will. No… if this was intended for  her,  there was only one thing he could possibly be referring to.The almost painful concern on Yuri’s face clued her in to his own conclusions, which seemed to mirror hers. A spell to excise a particular memory… A memory that still impeded her to this day.Miss Sunshine of Abyss.“It seems rather risky, don’t you think?” Yuri said. “What if you accidentally remove another memory, or all of them?”“It’s not as though I intend to cast it right this once,” she said.  If I ever do decide to cast it at all. “First, I need to research this magic more thoroughly. At the moment… I’m afraid I only know the very fundamentals.”“The fundamentals, I see… So it’s not black magic… And not light magic, since I’ve seen you wield that rather well already...” He trailed off, giving her a knowing look.“It’s none of your concern!” she snapped. Yuri’s expression soured. He shrugged and walked over to his table again. “Fine. I’ll leave you to it.”She watched him sit down and get back to his work before she lowered the parchment from her chest and let her gaze scan over its instructions yet again. Crow always used to say that she would need to go through the elder ritual before she could cast more advanced spells, but perhaps this was not one of them? Perhaps she could learn this with what she had, given enough time and practice?Without him to guide her, however, it still seemed a lost cause. There were no resources on elder magic remaining to be found in either the monastery library or in Abyss’ shadow library; she had read them all, and learnt little else than what Crow had already told her. How was she meant to solve the puzzle of this complicated elder magic without his guidance?Deflated, she stared at the parchment and envelope in turn as she laid them out on the table. Was there a way for her to reach him, even without  The Compendium as a medium...? Her eyes flitted from the magical notation to the front of the envelope, gaze resting on the familiar letters printing out her nom de plume. She had no actual address, and still he had managed to find her. Of course, as long as the envelope found its way to Yuri, he would always know where to deliver it. But could she say the same for a letter addressed to Crow…? What would she even write? She knew nothing about his whereabouts. For all she knew, he could have left the monastery and travelled to a faraway land in these past weeks.If she’d had a working tracing spell, she might have a chance… With a sigh, she acknowledged to herself that she had never managed to create a successful version. Or rather, she hadn’t had the time; shortly after Hubert had helped her with how to weave black magic into the spell, a war had broken out. Her mind halted suddenly. After Hubert helped her complement the formula… … That’s right, Hubert had helped her! And she had not yet been able to try the new version of the formula! What if it worked now?The dogs had all been useless; but perhaps what Hapi had said all those months ago could make a difference as well. A wolf’s senses were sure to be stronger and more effective than that of an ordinary dog. Her gaze moved to Yuri on its own volition. As Hapi had proposed, he probably knew where to find one. But even after their potential… well,  agreement , she supposed, she still hesitated to go to him for help. She did not want in any way, shape or form to owe anything to the lord of the underground. Yet without his help, there was little to no chance she would ever be able to reach Crow again.Clenching her jaw against the discomfort, Constance pushed herself up from the bench and strode toward Yuri. He had his back to her as he continued to study some of his papers, but she had no doubt he was still completely and fully aware of her presence in his vicinity. She stopped a few paces away, hoping to grab his attention, but he simply ignored her. She cleared her throat loudly, and at that, he slowly turned to her. “Yes, milady?” he said dryly.Constance rolled her eyes, too impatient to bother arguing. “I need something from you.”His eyebrows moved up toward his hairline. “Nothing new under the sun, I suppose. And is this  need perhaps tied to the contents of the envelope?”She pursed her lips, considering. “Possibly.”He turned back to his papers. “Then I’m sure it’s none of my concern.”“Yuri!” she exclaimed, clenching her fists by her side and stomping one foot into the floor. “Behave! This is important!”“It always is, isn’t it?” he muttered. With a heavy sigh, he turned to her again. “Spit it out then.” He looked far from eager to assist her, but it would have to do.“I need a wolf.”Yuri was silent for a moment, his facial expression betraying nothing. Then, just as she was about to reply with something seething, he burst out laughing. “Right! A wolf! I should have known.” Standing up and making as if to leave, he continued, “Let me just go fetch one from my private stash.”“Ugh,” she muttered with another eye roll, watching as Yuri leaned back against the table, one hand resting on the wooden surface and the other against the hilt of his sword as he flashed her an amused smirk. “Can you get me a wolf or not?”“Of course I can,” he said simply. “But it’s not going to materialize out of thin air. When do you need it?”“As soon as possible. Preferably tonight.”He paused, lowering his head somewhat as he regarded her with a measure of skepticism. “I’ll see what I can do. But don’t use it for any cruel experiments, you hear?”Constance immediately perked up, ignoring his last comment. She clapped her hands together and laughed excitedly. “Yes! Excellent!” If this worked—and naturally, it  would  work—she would get to speak with Crow once again! “... I’m just not going to ask,” Yuri muttered with a shake of his head. She paid it no heed as she spun on her heel and made her way toward the large doorway. Now to figure out what to write in her very first letter!

21st of the Great Tree Moon, 1181

I dearly hope that this letter finds you well. In truth, it is the first time I attempt an elder tracing spell on this kind of scale. I adjusted the formula some time ago with the help of… an acquaintance, let’s say, and have now made some further adjustments to fit the medium of communication. In the event that this letter did reach you, please reply as soon as you can, so that I will know whether my spell worked.

Until I know that the contents of my letters can reach you safely, I will refrain from divulging any information about my current whereabouts or occupations. I will say this, however: I fear that the gift you sent me, while intriguing (and surprising—how would you know about my interest in such things?), surpasses my current skill level. Will you assist me in my attempt to decipher it? 

Lastly: I am well, all things considered, and I am eager to know whether the same can be said about you.

Your faithful apprentice,

GR. TR. MOON, 28TH, 1181

Once again, against all odds, you have managed to surprise me. I must say, one thing I did not expect to find when returning back to my quarters in the evening was a large wolf curled up on my bed with a letter between his paws. Did you teach the beast to open locked doors as well? 

I must congratulate you on such a finely woven elder spell. It proves that I was correct about your potential from the very beginning. (I would ask you not to let that statement go to your head, hadn’t I known with certainty that it would be fruitless.)

I heard a rumor that you remained in the underground catacombs which you call home. Myself, I needed to return to my family’s estate to handle certain affairs, which is why you have not received any new notes from me in The Compendium. I suppose you had already surmised that such was the case, but I must nevertheless apologize for the abrupt halt to our communication. 

The gift I sent you does indeed contain concepts and formulas we never had the time to touch upon. I’m afraid the magic within it may be too advanced even for me, and you may not be able to cast it without going through the elder ritual. Regardless, I shall assist you in deciphering it. Before sending it to you, I copied down the essentials for myself—in case the original would be lost along the way. Attached you will find some initial pointers regarding the structure of the spell. 

As for why I sent it to you… I remember you alluding to the sunlight back when we were still communicating via The Compendium. I must confess that I dug into it, and so I know a little about how it affects you. I would never presume to understand your experience; however, I had the impression that, were it possible, you would be glad to be rid of your affliction. I found this scroll and thought of you, and so here we are. Naturally, I do not know for certain that it would work in the way I intended, and as with all mind manipulation magic, it comes with certain risks. I leave the choice of whether to pursue it up to you.

I suppose I shall have to return your wolf together with this letter. During the course of the days before I could write you a response, I have grown quite fond of the beast. Do send him for another visit soon. 

2nd of the Harpstring Moon, 1181

I do not believe that I have ever been so glad to find out that one of my spells was successful! I never truly doubted, of course; magic quite literally runs in my blood. Seeing as this was my first noteworthy elder spell, however, I am positively thrilled with how well it was executed! 

I did indeed remain in Abyss. This is where my family is; I have no estate to see to. I suppose I should be glad for that now, however ironic it might be. Things here at Garreg Mach are different since the Church left. Some people used to think that it was the Church that kept order in Abyss, but their absence has now made it crystal clear that Yuri is the one holding things together. While the man can be a nuisance, I must say that I am glad to have him here. I did harbor some doubt about him, especially after we lost the professor, but he has remained on the side of the Empress. 

On that note, have you heard the news? The Empress has taken it upon herself to find the lost professor. I presume she believes that she will be unable to win the war without his powers. While I can appreciate and recognize the burning ambition that so clearly drives her, I hesitate to hope that he is alive. I fear thus that it may be a fruitless endeavor. She and her vassal have visited Garreg Mach once, most likely to oversee the war efforts and strategize, but she has been too busy for visitors. Otherwise I might have questioned her about her decision. As it is, I have barely even glimpsed the backs of their uniforms.

Sadly, the wolf in question is lent from a certain underground lord; otherwise, I would gift him to you, since you two clearly found a special bond. It seems he is eager to return to you, and I see no reason to prolong his suffering.

Your ever grateful apprentice,

H.S. MOON, 16TH, 1181

I did hear the news. It seems to me that the subject of their search may be quite an important aspect in the war. Judging by what I have seen and heard so far, the new Empress seems to handle the situation competently. I’m sure if she strives too far from the path, her vassal will steer her back in the right direction.

Now, as to the spell I sent you. Have you any experience of self-inflicted magic? I may not yet have had the chance to tell you this, but in elder magic, the success or failure of a spell depends to some extent on willpower. A high willpower in the target demands higher spell power, and if the target’s willpower is significantly higher than that of the spellcaster, there might be no effect at all. As such, casting magic on oneself can be… complicated. 

As regards  your  willpower in particular, I have no doubts that you will be a successful elder mage. However… When you eventually reach the point that you will be able to cast a first iteration of this memory spell, we will need to dedicate some time to the mental aspects of self-inflicted elder magic. Perhaps you might be able to utilize your affliction in this regard… It remains to be seen.

See attached for replies to your notes.

H.B. MOON, 19TH, 1182

How many years have you suffered from your affliction now? I understand your frustration, but one and a half years is hardly anything in comparison to all the time you have stumbled around in darkness for the answer before. We may not yet have fully deciphered the spell, but I am confident that we will, in time. And if casting it demands performing a variant of the elder ritual on you, we will face that decision when the day comes. 

On that note, you asked me whether I would be willing to cast the memory spell on you. My answer is no. If you wish to meddle with y our own mind, I shall not stop you; clearly, I am willing to help you reach your aims, if indirectly. What I am not willing to do is deal the final blow. This is something you need to decide—and do—fo r yourself. I will not change my mind about this.

It glads me that you have people you can trust to watch your back in battle. It is an all too common thing to overlook. You would not believe how many competent men I have watched fall because they were too stubborn to cooperate with others.

Yuri and you seem close; a useful fact, I expect. As I understand it, I might not have been writing this letter to you, were it not for him and his loyal wolf. (Yes, I confess, there may be some bitterness to my words. I regret the day we shall have to return the wolf.) Considering his reputation and what little I have heard of his past, he must trust you a great deal to be so forthcoming. 

I’m afraid I must end this here, or you will have to wait another week for a reply. There has been a series of escalated battles nearby as of late, and I need to oversee our deployment. Hopefully I will have more time for your next letter.

15th of the Horsebow Moon, 1182

While I will not conceal my disappointment in your decision, I shall respect it. As I’m sure you understand, having you cast the spell on me would be much less complicated, considering both your prowess in the field and the willpower issue of self-inflicted magic, but I will not ask you again. 

I hope you are well, despite the circumstances. We have had a few weeks of stillness here lately, but I expect it will not last much longer. Yuri tells me there is unrest in the nearby villages. How long will this war go on for, I wonder...

Yes, I suppose we are close, he and I. To be honest, I do not quite understand how that happened. It has not always been this way. In the early days of our acquaintance, I believe we were equally on each other’s nerves. A cold-blooded rogue and a fine lady of noble stock! There was no end to our conflicts and misunderstandings, and I for one avoided him as best I could. (I remember one time in particular, when he casually threatened to bag me up and throw me in the ocean if I did not stop arguing with him. I am sorry to say that his threat caused me to fall silent out of pure shock, and he still teases me about that fact sometimes.)

But then somewhere along the way, I realized that perhaps he wasn’t so cold-blooded after all, and he must have seen me in a new light as well. I suppose we have more in common than it may seem at first glance. Although he still gets on my nerves, don’t get me wrong! Except nowadays, I believe he does it more for the sake of enjoyment on his part. He truly does enjoy flustering me. (He has said so himself, repeatedly.)

I still hold some doubts as to our progress with the spell, but I shall try to be patient. Perhaps with a fresh cup of coffee, I will be able to make new discoveries. Yes, you heard that right—apparently Sylvain is still the subject of many courting attempts even despite his current occupation, because he gifted me a large amount of coffee beans the other day, apparently received from some noblewoman or other. I suppose it is enough that he makes my dear friend happy, but I must admit, the coffee is a nice bonus.

3rd of the Lone Moon, 1184

Today has not been a good day. 

We needed to go into battle in blistering sunlight. I do not remember much of it—that’s how it always is with these episodes of mine—but the feelings always linger afterward, beneath the surface. They affect me deeply, these feelings of fear and inadequacy, but I can never grasp them fully while in the shadows. Depending on severity, they remain as a kind of discomfort, sometimes for days, but usually for a couple of hours. Somehow it is almost worse to have them just out of my reach in this way; although I expect I would view it differently, were I currently in the sun.

Do you have fears, Crow? You give off the impression that you are a strong and independent man. Untouchable. I understand that this might simply be a facade of yours; tell me, what hides beneath that cool exterior?

Yuri has attempted to comfort me, and his methods alleviate some of the distress, but only momentarily. On days like this, Anamnesis Φ seems to taunt me. (I know that we have made progress in these past years, but the end point still seems so far away.) I fear I have not been as disciplined as I should. I shall have to double—perhaps triple—my efforts.

I wonder whether we would make more headway if we were in the same location...

LONE MOON, 9TH, 1184

I am sorry to hear about your woes. Hopefully you have recovered by now, but if not, I suggest a scalding cup of coffee. Were I there with you, I would have gladly shared a pot of my finest brew. (Although, for clarification’s sake, that is an impossibility as things stand.)

While the torments I suffer from are deeply rooted in darkness and the vile creatures slithering in it, I have no doubt that light and warmth have the potential to be just as frightening. Which brings me to your question. Yes, I most definitely have fears. I used to fear rather trivial things… divine punishment, grudges held by the dead, and the like. These days, I fear zealots and grudges held by the living instead. I have come to learn that reality is truly the most frightening of all. 

This may come as a surprise to you, but my mother was an avid believer and follower of the Church of Seiros. When I was a young child, she would comfort me with empty words and reassurances, insisting that I pray as a blanket solution to all of my problems. “The goddess will help you; the goddess will save you.” Faith offers solutions that are too simple for the complex problems of reality. In the end, no one will save me, just as no one will save you or anyone else. We can only save ourselves. I had to learn this the hard way. Perhaps it is not so strange, then, that I have given you an impression of independence.

As a final note, please get yourself some rest. You say that you lack discipline, but that is not what I see. I know I was the one who sent you that spell to begin with, but I cannot in good conscience recommend that you keep going with your translations in the way you have as of late. It is a complex and intricate kind of elder magic; one that, without suitable caution, might ultimately consume you. I realize that this sentiment opposes what I once told you about the nature of elder magic, but this particular spell belongs to an ancient kind of magic which even I struggle to fathom. I cannot guarantee your safety if you continue to delve so completely and restlessly into it. Your mind needs time to breathe; don’t deprive it of the air it needs, or it may end up costly for you.

That being said, see attached. I believe you are onto something with lines fourteen to seventeen. 

Cupping one hand around the mug of ale on the table, Hubert leaned back in his chair as he took in his surroundings. The Wilting Rose Inn wasn’t a large establishment by any means, and he knew full well that in just a couple of hours or so, it would be filled to the brim with loud rascals drinking their night away. Hence why he had chosen this particular time to meet with his spies; there were currently enough people at the tables around him to keep him from sticking out like a sore thumb, but few enough that he could keep an ear open for any interesting details making its way around the room. Inns were the best places to be when in need of information; lips loosened by alcohol gladly let loose their owners’ secrets. Sitting around an inn for just a few hours could prove highly rewarding.Of course, this wasn’t why he had chosen this place for the drop-off. In truth, he was not entirely sure of his reasons for choosing it in the first place, but he suspected it wasn’t simply for its convenient location. While he strived to make the most rational decisions he could in life—he was not the only one who would suffer for his mistakes, after all—even he was susceptible to outside influences. And perhaps… deep down… he had to admit… part of him hoped for a certain person to appear unbidden.He lowered his head, letting his cowl conceal the top of his field of view. Perhaps, he also had to admit to himself, this was why he had decided to show up a full fifteen minutes in advance.“But damn, that Ashen Wolves girl—what’s her name, Constance?—she really changed, huh.”Hubert casually turned his head, only far enough that he could glimpse the two men sitting by the next table. They both held half full pints of beer in their grubby hands, with at least half a dozen empty glasses between them. Rogues, it looked like. Not that their occupation was of much interest to him.One of the men snorted. “Yeah, for the better for sure! Who knew she had those kinds of curves under that prude-ass dress she always used to wear?”“If only she wasn’t so fucking loud and annoying, maybe I’d consider trying her on.”Hubert turned his head away again. He’d known that Abyss crawled with useless low-lives, but this?“That’s what gags are for.”As the two men broke into guffaws, Hubert exhaled sharply between his clenched teeth. His left hand, hidden inside his coat, gripped the hilt of one of the daggers secured to his torso. He was here undercover. He shouldn’t make a scene; he knew that. Even if he knew exactly how to make it seem like an accident… And even if such ‘accidents’ surely happened in Abyss from time to time… “Or—or just do it outside, in the sun,” the other man cackled. “Less risk of a struggle!”His fingers twitched against the dagger. He  shouldn’t. “... and that is as sure as I am Constance von Nuvelle! Ahahaha!”The acutely familiar voice drowned out all the other sound in the room, echoing back and forth between the walls as two new figures entered through the doorway. Having all but frozen in his seat, Hubert stared straight ahead as his fingers slowly unfurled from the grip of the dagger. Out of the corner of his eye, he registered how the two rogues squirmed in their seats, having fallen completely silent.“Sure, sure,” another—much calmer and smoother—voice said. Yuri, no doubt. “But before that, let’s get you something to eat, yeah? I don’t want you collapsing in the middle of… whatever it was you were doing.”Constance sighed. “I suppose I shall need the energy. But no dallying! After I am finished, I shall return to the bridge for the next phase of my spell.”“You do know that we  need that bridge?”“Oh, ha-ha! Pity ye of little faith!”As the two people walked into Hubert’s field of view, his gaze automatically slipped past Yuri and over to Constance, where it promptly came to a halt.Hubert would rather kill himself than even  think the kind of thoughts vocalized by the rogues. However, that being said… Constance’s appearance certainly had changed. Long blond strands curled down her back, bouncing against a tight, matte pink dress accentuated by a sturdy belt. The dress was inextricably short, coming to an end right where her naked thighs began, and a little bit below that came her knee high boots, which hugged her calves snugly all the way down to her high heels. Protective armor in the fashion of a dark flier’s were fastened to her thighs, extending up toward her hips, and similar armor protected her chest, shoulders and forearms. Gone were the long, all-covering dress and the chains wrapping around her torso, exchanged instead for an attire that somehow seemed both completely uncharacteristic and exactly on point for Constance von Nuvelle.Something about her confident posture, and the way in which her curls swayed against her back as she walked up to the bar, inadvertently reminded him of Lady Edelgard. While Constance had always emanated confidence, she now seemed to have grown to gain a more mature composure that greatly flattered her appearance.Right before the pair walked past the table where the two rogues were sitting, one of Yuri’s hands moved to the hilt of his sword, even as he casually kept talking to Constance. It was an inconspicuous movement that could just as well have meant nothing at all, but the precise timing told another story. And the rogues clearly noticed as well. They promptly froze in their seats, eyes dropping to their pints. Hubert couldn’t help but smirk at their reaction. So the so-called ‘underground lord’ was as perceptive as he was slippery, it seemed.He strained to hear the rest of the conversation, but to his great dismay, the two of them lowered their voices when they reached the bar. Hubert studied them for a moment longer, his index finger thoughtfully tapping against his mug. Yuri made a show of pulling out a stool for her, bowing exaggeratedly as he gestured for her to take a seat, but Constance didn’t seem to mind his behavior; not even when his hand slid across her back and over to her shoulder as she scooted closer to the counter. Only when he moved to sit down on his own stool did his hand remove itself from her bare skin. They ordered a glass of wine each, and Yuri paid for them both. Constance tipped her head back and laughed at something she had just said, and in response, Yuri flashed a quick smirk before turning toward the bar again. Hubert discreetly got up from his chair, leaving his mug behind as he made his way toward the inn’s exit. Simply waiting by the table was a waste of time. Better he find something productive to do in the remaining five minutes before his spies showed up.Crossing one leg over the other, Yuri delicately set his wine glass down on the bar counter. He tilted his head to the side as he turned to face Constance again, gaze simultaneously curious and calculating.“So,” he began. “Who is he, this black bird?”Constance sighed in exasperation. “If only I knew.”He paused, eyebrows furrowing. “You’re in love with a stranger.”“He’s not a stranger!” she exclaimed, slapping her palm against the counter. “I know his personality, his… his  soul;  I simply don’t know his name.”“Or his appearance, or whether anything he’s told you is true,” Yuri supplied unhelpfully.She picked up her own glass and sipped her wine, giving herself a moment to calm down before replying. “Your jealousy is shining through.”“My jealousy?” he asked with a scoff.“There is no need to deny how you feel,” she said, swirling her glass nonchalantly. “Naturally you mourn the end of our little arrangement. We both know I am an attractive and intelligent woman in her best years.”Yuri muttered something inaudible beneath his breath. “Your ego is shining through,” he said before tipping his glass toward his mouth. As he set the glass down again, he continued, “If you’re such an intelligent woman, you must see that there’s a pretty good possibility you’ve been duped here.”“Thank you for your opinion,” she said coldly. “But I trust Crow. And in the unlikely event that he intends to ‘dupe me’, I will see it coming.”For a moment, Yuri just stared at her. “You do know there’s a glaring inconsistency in what you just said?” Then he sighed and shook his head. “Fine. If you trust him, I’ll trust you. Just be careful, and don’t let your infatuation run away with you, yeah?”Constance felt a smirk tug at her lips. “Hm-hm. There is no cause for concern. I assure you, I have this completely under control.”

18th of the Lone Moon, 1184

I am sorry about your mother. I assume she is no longer with you? I am sure I do not imagine the bitterness seeping into your words. Are you on better terms with your father?

I appreciate your concern, and perhaps I may have let my excitement run away with me lately. However, I implore you to see it from my perspective! Here I have a spell that might very well rid me of the greatest obstruction to the future I seek, one which could free me from the suffocating anxiety that I experience whenever I venture into the light. Can you blame me for wanting to go to the bottom with it? Can you blame me for my relentlessness? Naturally I shall need to work harder still to reach my goals! So what if I burn out? A burned out candle can be renewed with more wax, you know. 

Would you believe it, Sylvain proposed to Hapi the other day, and she accepted. They will be married after the war. I know not what magic she has cast on him—perhaps an elder spell?—but surely this is far from what I could have ever expected four years ago. To be fair, the Gautier heir has proven quite useful during these years, and he no longer speaks in the irksome manner that he used to. In fact, he can be quite the pleasant conversational partner. Some of his charm seems to have transferred to Hapi as well, for she is rather more emotive these days. She and I have taught Sylvain some basic elder magic—nothing too advanced, I assure you—and I must say, he learns quickly. I wonder if he might be of assistance to me in my future research.

We had a cold front here this week; currently it is snowing, and it shall be doing so for the rest of the week’s end. How is your weather? (Worry not! I suppose you might not wish to say, for fear that I will be able to locate your exact position by help of my black magic, but believe me, while there are historical accounts of such events taking place, I possess no knowledge of how to achieve such outlandish results.) I wish for a fast approach of Summer. As much as I abhor sunlight, I might still prefer it to heavy snow, at least in battle. Flying in a snow storm for any stretch of time presents a challenge that I would rather be rid of.

Tonight would be a good time for a shared cup of coffee, don’t you think? We could shut ourselves inside together, with these large snowflakes twirling around outside the window (there are free rooms in the dormitories we could use for the occasion), and you could tell me more about your childhood. Perhaps I might even show you a new spell (unrelated to Anamnesis Φ, that I swear!) I concocted. There is a great spot in Abyss; on the bridge, overlooking the ravine at one end of Burrow Street. I suspect you will not come (and truthfully, I have no way of knowing whether you would even make it in time), but I assure you, my invitation stands.

GR. TR. MOON, 1ST, 1185

Sometimes I wonder whether you purposefully mean to irk me. I also wonder whether your insistence on overworking yourself to such an extent is an attempt to threaten me into complying with your not-so-discreet wishes to have me by your side. No, I suppose I cannot blame you for wanting results, especially not after so many years without success. However, I assure you, you do not want me as your enemy; yet if you continue to neglect your he alth, that is what you will get. And let me spell this out clearly: I DO NOT TAKE KINDLY TO THREATS. Whether it be threats against me or against someone I hold dear. You would do best to abstain from further measures to that end.Well, well. Best of wishes to the happy couple, I suppose. Let us hope the date of their marriage—and the end of the war—arrives quickly. But be careful what knowledge you share with the man. Magic is a tool, the basics of which anyone can grasp and use. But as with all tools, only those with the skill and  patience to not only learn, but develop, the tools of magic will always persevere and stand tall among the rest. And as with all tools… they may be used for good, or for bad. Do not share with him what you might regret, should he turn against you.

The weather has been fair lately, although I still prefer not to fly if I can help it. My two feet will remain planted on the ground through thick and thin. 

Inviting me for a shared night in the privacy of a loaned room, are you? Tell me, do you fully grasp the implication of such an invite? Either way, I’m afraid such indulgences are out of the question at the moment. If you’d like, however, feel free to tell me more about your new spell. Even if it’s black magic, it’s always amusing to hear about your creations.

My mother is long since dead. In truth, I do not remember much about her. I do recall that she wanted me to study faith magic first and foremost, but my father placed blades in my hands and told me to work on my dexterity. I found my way to magic eventually, but certainly not the kind that my mother so desperately wanted me to master. Not that it matters now. I see no use in wasting time pondering on the past. 

What does matter is the present, and the future. And on that note… You looked rather stunning when I glimpsed you the other day. Long hair suits you.

May 1185 bring peace and coffee, 

3rd of the Great Tree Moon, 1185

I just received your letter and am too excited to wait for even a second longer before I reply. Have you returned to Garreg Mach? Surely after all these years, your hesitation to meet in person is no longer an issue? If you are truly back at the monastery, you simply must come see me at the very first moment that you are available. Most likely I can be found in Abyss; ask for me and someone shall guide you right. In case you are unaware of the location of my underground haven, pray tell me a time and place and I shall come find you there.

You may interpret my invitations—this, the previous one, and the next—however you like, if it means you will consider accepting them.

Affectionately yours,

GR. TR. MOON, 20TH, 1185

I am sad to say that I was merely passing through, and so I would not have had the time to seek you out. Even so, I must confess that the idea of meeting you in person is still dauntin g— perhaps more so now than ever before. Whomever you picture when you think of me, I assure you that he is a far throw from reality. It is best my identity remains a mystery to you, lest you be gravely disappointed. 

It was however nice to see you, if only for a moment. It had been much too long since I last saw your smile. If you wanted, I truly believe that you could move mountains with that smile of yours. I could call it magic… but perhaps it is simply part of the Nuvelle charm.

24th of the Great Tree Moon, 1185

How stubborn can a person be! Oh, if only you were here; I would prove to you once and for all that whomever you turned out to be, it would not matter to me. Regardless of your true identity and your appearance, you shall always be my Crow. It does not matter whether you are poor or wealthy; sickly or strong; tall or short; Adrestian or Almyran!

What reason could you possibly have for being so afraid to reveal your identity to me? Do you not trust me? Or is it simply that I have been unclear in my communication?

If the latter is the case, I feel that I shall need to clarify where I stand. I do not wish to make you uncomfortable, but I believe that the time to be coy has long since passed.

At times I marvel at the strength of my emotions for someone to whom I have never even had the honor of speaking face to face. It seems as though I have known you forever, and I truly cannot imagine life without you anymore. I love you, my black bird, and my feelings only grow stronger every day. 

And yes, I continue to hope that you will come to your senses and travel to Garreg Mach to be with me—is that so wrong of me? To wish to be with someone I love?

In the past five years, you have truly left a mark on my life; not only for the invaluable knowledge on magic you have bestowed on me, but even more so for the way that you have managed to give me a sense of belonging. It is a feeling that has previously been sorely absent from my life, and so for granting it to me, I shall be eternally grateful to you.

I hope I am not remiss to believe that you feel something similar for me. Even though all of our interactions have taken place in margins and letters, I can feel your care and compassion through the ink. Please, do not doubt my feelings for you. Please, do not close yourself off. If you must fly, my black bird, please fly to me.

16th of the Harpstring Moon, 1185

Several weeks have passed since I sent you my last letter. It may very well be that you are simply occupied in other business; and in that case, the contents of this letter can be safely ignored, and I shall expect a reply when next you have a moment to spare.

However, it is also possible that in my last letter I offended you, or took liberties which were not mine to take. In that case, I am deeply sorry. I did not intend to pressure or, goddess forbid, insult you in any way, shape or form. Such consequences were the furthest away from my intentions. 

I have to assume that you received my letter and read its contents. If you do not feel the same, please tell me and I shall understand. It shall not come in the way of what I believe is a mutually beneficial friendship, you have my word.

HRPSTR. MOON, 27TH, 1185

Allow me to begin with an apology. I have delayed writing this letter for longer than I can possibly justify, and after your previous letter, you deserve much, much better than to be ignored in such a way.

The truth is that your letter did come as quite a shock to me. Call me naive if you will, but I was not aware of the extent of your emotions. While I have assumed some level of affection based on your letters, I clearly misjudged its strength. All of this is news to me, and although I certainly deserve your scorn after waiting this long to reply to you, I hope you will forgive me for struggling to put my own thoughts… my emotions… into words.

I implore you, do not doubt my affection for you. I may not always have been entirely honest in my communication, but I need you to know that what I am now about to tell you carries the utmost sincerity.

Our relationship has far exceeded anything I imagined or expected when I first decided to contact you. At times, it overwhelms me to think of the magnitude of that decision, and the path I have irrevocably led us down. Many times, I have wondered whether I should put a stop to it all. Surely you would have been better off without my existence in the margins of your life. 

However, with all that said… While I have tried to dismiss what I feel for you, I believe the moment has come that I can no longer continue to fool myself.

You are very dear to me, and perhaps in another life, I could have dedicated mine to you. As it is, I am presently unable to do so, and that may likely never change. I shall not reveal more, but it is the hard truth that I cannot fully dedicate myself to you, nor to anyone else. Perhaps there might be ways to accommodate for that fact, but I cannot possibly expect you to make such accommodations. 

In light of the above, I cannot in good faith accept your feelings. Please do not take this as an outright refusal or denial however; I do harbor strong feelings for you, but these feelings are ultimately not mine to give.

My sincerest apologies, 

2nd of the Garland Moon, 1185

With risk of coming across as desperate: barring any outright outrageous requests, I would be willing to make accommodations. Is that dedicated enough for you?

GRLD. MOON, 9TH, 1185

With risk of coming across as overly skeptical: I shall keep your offer in mind. For now, the current state of affairs prohibits any such arrangements, regardless of what our wishes might be. If the day comes that our circumstances change, I will reevaluate the situation.

On another note, I found what seems to be an obscure formula for an ice spell. Perhaps it might be of interest to you? I do not possess the skill to determine its usability or power level, but I would be remiss not to enclose it in this letter.

4th of the Ethereal Moon, 1185

I wonder how long this war will last. I harbor nothing but respect for our Empress, but her avid search for our long lost Professor is beginning to seem… desperate, if not naive. Will we survive this Winter? 

There was an attack on the monastery last week; some foes even broke into Abyss. Can you believe it? This is supposedly the safest place in all of Garreg Mach—my haven!—and I was nearly murdered in my sleep.

With these worries in mind, I realize that I have no idea where you are or whether you are actively participating in the war. I have no way of knowing whether you have been waiting it out as I have, or whether you are currently freezing your fingers off casting spells at a battlefield. While I fear your reply, I nonetheless feel the need to ask: Are you safe?

The sound of heavy padded footsteps quickly became my favorite one, and I must confess that your letters are (ironically!) the bright light that seeps into the cracks of this dark and suffocating time of war, chasing away its terrors for just a moment. I should be satisfied with receiving even one of your letters, yet each and every one soon leaves me with a thirst for more. Perhaps it is greedy of me, but I nevertheless tip my chin back in expectation of the cool relief this so very pleasant—although highly addictive—drink offers, again and again. 

I long for the day that we can finally meet in person. If this does not end soon, will you consider attempting to visit Garreg Mach? If I am to meet my end, I would like to do it by your side.

Affectionately yours,

ETH. MOON, 15TH, 1185

I have reason to believe that the tides of this war might turn sooner than you think. Come next moon, we may very well find ourselves finally able to break the stalemate. 

Burn this letter after you have read it. This must stay between us.

(And for the love of Adrestia, please tell me that Abyss’ security has improved since your last letter. If I return to Garreg Mach only to learn of your untimely death, I may very well sink the damned place into the ocean.)

“No, no! Stay. You wouldn’t want to show up empty-pawed, would you?”Kneeling down on the uneven floor in front of the restless wolf, Constance grabbed two ends of the ribbon hanging from his collar and tied a quick but firm double knot around the little cylinder carrying her precious letter. Holding the vessel in the palm of her hand, she moved her other hand to the unruly fur on top of the wolf’s head, then called upon her magic reserves from within, feeling a surge of power rush through her as a violet circle detailing the perfect lines, patterns and signs of her formula appeared beneath her feet. The wolf nuzzled its head into her palm with a whine. Did he understand that it was time to return to his master, or was the magic pleasant to him in some way? She supposed she would never know, but as she removed her hands and stood again, she could almost swear she saw an expectant gleam in the wolf’s eyes.“Yes,” she said with a slight smile, feeling somewhat stupid for making conversation with a wild animal. But she had to agree with Crow; the big, furry thing was rather likeable, when one came to know him. “Go find your master, post-haste. This might be the most important letter yet.”The animal got up on his giant paws and left the sleeping quarters in a wolf’s jog, followed shortly by Constance herself. She watched him increase his pace just before he turned around the corner and disappeared out of sight. She would be lying if she said that she had never considered following him all the way to Crow; to mount a pegasus and fly above the wolf as he galloped toward their mutual subject of adoration. Perhaps to spy from a distance as he arrived, watching Crow crouch down to retrieve the letter from the ribbon by the animal’s neck…But no, it was not to be. Even if she could theoretically follow the wolf, she knew that doing so would be a breach of trust between her and Crow. If he did not want to meet—did not want her to see his identity for herself—then she would need to respect that wish; at least if she wanted a sliver of a chance to have him reveal himself to her on his own free will in the future. With a sigh, she continued around the same corner the wolf had just turned. Of course, he was already out of sight. Another chance, however impossible, lost forever…“That’s a heavy sigh if I ever heard one,” a voice said to her right. She jumped, turning to face Yuri just as he came up beside her. He smiled cheekily. “I hope your wolf isn’t misbehaving.”Heaving another sigh, she shook her head as she continued walking. “No, he’s perfectly fine—wait.” She eyed him suspiciously. “Did you say…  my  wolf?”“You can’t really say he’s mine after five years in your service, can you?”“Ah… That is… A fair point, yes.”His smile turned into an amused smirk. “Let’s make it official, yeah? He’s yours.”“... Thank you.”Judging by how affectionately Crow talked about the wolf in his letters, she suspected the informal ownership had already transferred sometime in the early years of their communications, but of course, Yuri had no way of knowing that.“Do you have business on the surface today?” she asked him as they crossed Burrow Street. “Hm?” he said absently, keeping his gaze fixed on a point somewhere ahead, at the top of the staircase before them. “Ah, no. I’m on my way to the inn to meet with someone. You?” Constance lowered her gaze to the steps as they began to climb. “Yes. I have a new spell in the making that I would rather wish to try outside by the water. Sylvain mentioned that there are great clouds in the sky today, so I thought now would be a perfect opportunity to venture out.”“I did see clouds lurking on the horizon earlier. So, brewed up a new spell, have you?”She straightened her back at the question, pulling her lips into a satisfied smile. “Yes! It is quite spellbinding, in fact. Perhaps you remember the light spell I used to paint tea in all the colors of the rainbow? I have spent some time further developing and fine-tuning it recently, and according to my calculations, if I can reflect light off the surface of a body of water just right, I should be able to—”“One moment,” Yuri said, drawing to a halt just as they reached the top step. Constance fell silent, watching in confusion as he produced a knife from his belt and turned to a woman standing near the wall beside them. In a quick, elegant movement, he pushed the stranger up against the wall and placed the knife by her throat, locking his gaze to hers. She swallowed, but otherwise did not seem particularly surprised or frightened. “Who are you working for?” he asked calmly.The woman smiled tightly. Constance studied her more closely, but couldn’t see anything that explained Yuri’s odd behavior. She seemed like any other rogue, dressed in furs and a cowl that shielded parts of her face, and nothing had stood out in regards to her posture or movements as far as Constance had been able to notice. Apparently, however, Yuri had seen something that had put him on alert.“Who is it?” he repeated, more firmly now. “You’re clearly keeping watch over the area, yet I’ve never seen you down here before. So I’m going to ask again: Whose orders are you following?”“I’m here by order of Lord von Vestra,” the rogue replied quietly, her gaze darting over to Constance for a second. “That is all I’m at liberty to reveal at present.”Constance held her breath.  Lord von Vestra!  So that would mean...“Von Vestra?” Yuri asked, glancing in her direction. “Isn’t that—”“Hubert!” Constance exclaimed. “Do you mean to say that he and the Empress are returned?!”The rogue gave her a sharp look, but did not open her mouth to speak. Not that there was any need to; that look was answer enough.Constance felt a new excitement bubble up within her. In his most recent letter, Crow had implied that the stalemate of the war could be drawing to a close very soon. If Hubert and Edelgard had already returned to Garreg Mach… Then that must mean that Crow had been correct!Without wasting even a second longer on the rogue or on explaining her deduction to Yuri, she turned on her heel and began to run in the direction of the exit to the surface. She used gusts of wind magic to climb the ladders as quickly as possible, then took off at full speed as soon as she was above ground. She could hardly contain her gleeful laughter as she made her way toward the audience chamber. If the stalemate was over, then surely that must mean the war was drawing to a close as well! When the war ended, surely Crow must be able to return to the monastery—and if he returned, she might finally be able to convince him to meet with her in person! Constance took the steps of the staircases up to the second floor with long strides, pushing her way past two guards that had barely reacted to her presence before she was already gone again—and then, upon reaching the audience chamber, she came to a prompt halt in the doorway. The sight before her pushed all remaining air out of her lungs in a second.The room was empty but for two figures in the very middle: a man and a wolf. The man had crouched down in front of the animal and was vigorously scratching it behind its ears in such a carefree way that for a moment, she could only stare in silent awe. The wolf hardly even liked  her;  he let her pat his head from time to time, but the only other people she knew of who could pet him like  that  were Yuri and… and...Constance gripped the door frame for support as she watched the stranger continue to pet the wolf. Why had the animal even come here in the first place? He was supposed to find Crow, not stop to be petted by any stranger he happened to run by. Had this man distracted him somehow?Surely it couldn’t be… She blinked at the scene, then took a deep breath and strode forward.  There is only one way to find out. “Excuse me, I think my wolf must be confused—”At the sound of her voice, the man’s head snapped to the side, his gaze locking on to hers. His hands immediately fell from the animal's head, and while the wolf kept happily whisking his tail across the floor, the man stood up straight and faced her. Constance nearly tripped over her own feet as she saw his face.The vassal and right hand of the Empress raised a closed hand to his mouth and cleared his throat before moving both hands behind his back.“Constance,” he said, and the sharp yet lilting voice gave her an almost nostalgic feeling. “Long time no see. I trust you are well?”She stared wordlessly at the broad-shouldered man, shocked silent by his appearance. The awkward academy outfit from five years ago had been exchanged for a military uniform in dark colors, complete with a long cape with dark blue straps that wrapped around his upper torso. She couldn't remember if he had still had any baby fat left in his cheeks during their school days, but if he had, that was certainly all gone now. Clean shaven and framed by the high collar of his cape, his face was all sharp and straight angles, and judging by the dark circles by his eyes, she would have to guess that he likely lacked months of real sleep. While the hair was now trimmed and neatly combed back at one side, he had kept a longer tuft of hair over his right-hand eye. The other one held a gaze just as intense as she remembered however, and it was aimed straight at her. It wasn’t hard or stern, though; she would more readily describe it as tersely cautious: gauging her movements, waiting for her to strike first so that he knew how and where to retaliate. Something thudded violently within her, and it took far too long for her to realize that it was her heart. “This… is your wolf, I take it?”Constance drew in a sharp breath between her teeth as she realized that she had yet to say  anything,  and he must be wondering what was wrong with her brain while she simply stood there and ogled him.“Yes,” she replied, because it was the only thing she could think to say. Then when he arched an eyebrow, she managed to continue, “He, er… is not usually this forthcoming. You must be good with animals.”To her horror, her voice came out weak and frail. Hubert tore his gaze away from her to instead focus on the wolf, who was in the middle of a big yawn as he lay down on the floor with his head on his paws. “Yes, well,” Hubert said. “Something about this one tugged at my heartstrings, I suppose.”While his voice certainly strung a familiar chord, there was some new aspect there that slightly changed the overall meaning of his words. She could have sworn that Hubert used to sound patronizing or sarcastic in nearly everything he said five years ago, but now, his tone of voice gave off a much more serious impression. He sounded less like a snarky boy and more like a hardened man, and she briefly wondered what he had seen in his five years away with Edelgard to change his demeanor in such a way. Hearing Hubert unironically say that something ‘tugged at his heartstrings’ was… Well, it was  new. Constance cleared her throat. She could think about these things later; not when Hubert was watching her every move. “Is… Is Lady Edelgard back?”“Indeed,” he said; and she could have imagined it, but she believed she could see his shoulders drop slightly. “We just returned this morning. She is catching up on some lost sleep at the moment.”“And?” she asked, glad to have found a conversation subject she could handle. “How long will she stay?”Hubert’s gaze remained firmly and unwaveringly fixed on her. “Until we have won this war, I wager. Though she might still need to leave from time to time in order to see to Imperial affairs.”She stared up at him. Edelgard had sworn to find the professor, so if it was true that she had now returned to stay until the end of the war...“Constance,” a deep voice called from behind, emphasised by the soft clicking of boots against the marble floor. Constance spun around, only to come face to face with Professor Byleth, looking for all she remembered exactly the same as when she had last seen him. While Hubert had frankly become a different man, their old teacher seemed to have simply stepped five years into the future. He even wore his old clothes, with the long-sleeved overcoat swaying behind him as he walked up to the two of them. Without lifting his head from his paws, the wolf growled quietly beside them, but stopped immediately to instead huff wearily when Hubert gave him a sharp look.   “I’m happy to see you again,” Byleth said, as if nothing about his appearance before her was odd. “How are things down in Abyss?”Constance simply stared at him as her brain made an attempt at catching up to reality. “You—you’re alive!”Byleth smiled and tilted his head to the side. “And well rested, too. I’m sorry I’ve been absent these five years.”Hubert scoffed and crossed his arms over his chest, but said nothing. Constance felt a pang of annoyance at the flippancy of her old teacher.“Where in the world have you been?! Her Majesty has searched relentlessly for you!”At this, Byleth’s eyebrows drew together into a concerned frown.“Really? Relentlessly, you say?”Hubert coughed behind his hand. Constance couldn’t discern whether it was in amusement or annoyance, but it mattered not. “Yes! Before then, I had never known her to show such desperate resolve. But she has been out searching for the past five years!” She spun to face Hubert. “Tell him!”The other mage gave her a quick glance before focusing his attention on the professor. “It’s quite true. Lady Edelgard never gave up hope.”“You were, it seemed to me, crucial to her plans,” Constance continued, glad to have been backed up by the Empress’ own retainer. The expression on Byleth’s face was a strange one; the only word she could come up with to describe it was ‘impressed’, but even that didn’t seem quite on point. “I see. I look forward to hearing those plans.”“Our next step is to commence the attack on the Great Bridge of Myrddin,” Hubert supplied. “I can fill you in as to the rest. But first, professor, if you have time… there is something else I must discuss with you, concerning our adversaries.”Byleth nodded, expression growing solemn. “Of course.”Hubert gestured in the direction of the advisory room, toward which their old professor steered his steps right away. Simultaneously annoyed and intrigued by Hubert’s secrecy—weren’t they supposed to be on the same side?—Constance crossed her arms over her chest and waited for an explanation as to why he would shun her in such a way. Either Hubert didn’t understand her body language, or he didn’t care. He simply gave her a bow before turning to leave. Really!  Well, if he insisted on being so rude, then she might just as well return the favor.“Did you station one of your soldiers in Abyss?”Hubert stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around to face her. His gaze fixed itself firmly to her face again, eyes narrowing slowly as though he was considering his options deeply.“I suppose I did.”“Why?” she asked, raising her chin defiantly.“That is a matter of national security, I’m afraid,” he said.“Wha—a matter of national security? That is outrageous! You can’t simply post your own guard in  our city! We have an agreement!”“You  had  an agreement,” he said, “with the Church. No such thing with the Empire.”She stared at him, at a loss for words. The agreement between Abyss and the surface dwellers, void…? Simply because of a change of power?“Just between you and me,” he continued in a lower voice, leaning in slightly toward her. “If I wanted to be discreet about this, do you really think you would know about it at all?”Constance swallowed at the new proximity, trying to get her thoughts straight. Well… If he didn’t want her to know… If he didn’t want  anyone to know… He wouldn’t have allowed his guard to be so vocal about it. The rogue had told them that she was there by order of Lord von Vestra, but that she was not at liberty to say anything else…“Well?” Hubert asked in that same low voice, making his question sound almost menacing.“Why weren’t you more discreet, then?” she asked quietly to match his volume.He considered her for a moment longer before straightening again. His gaze, which she remembered as cold and hard, now seemed almost concerned. It was an odd look on him.“I heard there have been attacks on Abyss recently,” he said. She scowled, expecting him to continue, but he didn’t; he simply watched her in silence, waiting for her reaction.“So? Do you think one puny Imperial soldier is going to make a difference?”He smiled darkly; a combination of words she would only ever use to describe Hubert. “I asked her to investigate your security. If all goes well, she will leave by the end of the month.” He bowed once again. “If you’ll excuse me, I have somewhere I need to be.”Crossing her arms over her chest, she watched in disdain as he strode toward the advisory room. The wolf pushed himself up on his large paws, apparently intending to follow the man—and as he did so, his collar jingled slightly, and Constance realized with a pang that the cylinder was gone.Feeling her heart jump into her throat, she immediately took off after Hubert. At the sound of her heels against the marble floor, he spun around, just in time to grab her wrists as she reached out toward him. He stared down at her in what seemed like earnest shock while she struggled to tear free of his grip, but his fingers just locked themselves more tightly around her.“Where is it?!” she asked between clenched teeth. “You took it, didn’t you?!”“I—I beg your pardon?”If he had the letter—no, he could not be allowed to read it; it was not meant for him!“Your coat! You have it in your pockets!” she exclaimed, gathering up the strands of magic around them and forming the beginning of a spell within the palms of her hands. She would push him back with lightning if need be. But with five years since their last encounter, Constance had forgotten one vital detail.In the blink of an eye, she felt nearly all of her magical energy withdraw from her reserves and leak out through her body, betraying her for the benefit of the elder mage holding her wrists in a tight grip. She felt her knees threaten to give in, but forced herself to remain upright despite the abrupt energy loss.“If you mean the vessel carried by the wolf, then yes, I have it in my possession,” he said with clear reluctance. “You wish to lay claim to it, I take it?”“Yes!” she forced out. “Clearly! It is my wolf, and my letter!”He gave her a skeptical look. “Your letter, hm?”She was ready to keep arguing with him, but to her relief, he released her wrists, allowing her magical energy to rush back into her body. He then moved a hand into one of his pockets and pulled out the familiar cylinder. She immediately reached forward and snatched it out of his hand. “Thank you,” she said sharply, checking once to make sure that the letter was still inside before tucking the cylinder into one of the straps on her leg. She glared up at Hubert, but he avoided her gaze, focusing instead on the wolf beside him. Which reminded her of another important detail. Her expression softened as she swallowed.“You—you’re not…” She trailed off, fearing the end of her own sentence. Instead, she settled on another approach. “Why did the wolf come to you?”Still refusing to look at her, Hubert pursed his lips in a half-scowl. “I caught him about to leave the monastery. I needed to make certain the message he carried did not contain confidential information.” His gaze slowly moved over to her. “But you mean to tell me you have been using this wolf as a courier for your personal letters?” Her face felt uncomfortably warm all of a sudden. “That is none of your concern! I am in my full rights to use my wolf however I wish, be that as a courier or as a companion!”Hubert sighed. “How lovely. I shall keep that in mind, then.”She was not entirely certain what made her do it—perhaps it was the lingering sense of unease, or an altogether different and shameful wish to keep him talking—but as she saw him turn to leave again, she heard herself call out yet again.“And another thing,” she said, watching him pause to glance at her. “After briefing the professor, I’d recommend you to follow Lady Edelgard’s example.”He raised an inquisitive eyebrow, causing her to smile sweetly. “I simply meant that you look like you could need a nap, my Lord.”And he did; there was no lie there. Only, the dark traces of lost sleep beneath his eyes took little away from his overall appearance, which... she had to confess, was rather enchanting regardless.He huffed out a breath and gave her an ironic smile, reminiscent of the Hubert from five years ago. But the smile only lasted for a couple of seconds before it dropped completely.“I’ll sleep when the war is over.” He glanced toward the advisory room. “I really must go. Do give my regards to Yuri, hm?”He smirked somewhat as he added the last bit, leading Constance to think that Yuri wouldn’t much appreciate a message from the Minister of the Imperial Household. “I’m sure he will love to hear from you,” Constance said.“I wouldn’t hold my breath.” He turned to the wolf, which immediately began to whisk its tail across the floor. “Stay here. I have no more business with you.”With that, he turned around and left her and the wolf—who, surprisingly, stayed put this time—to themselves at last. Constance looked after him, holding her breath until he had disappeared into the other room. Then she spun around, gesturing for the wolf to come with her as she left the audience chamber in a hurry. She was an intelligent woman. No, it had not slipped her by that the event that had just occurred had been odd in many different ways; odd in ways that all, in some shape or form, indicated Hubert as being Crow. Yet if that was the case, he clearly did not want to admit it… which, in itself, should not come as a surprise. Especially considering how she had acted around him.Her heart sank. She had insulted, questioned and even  attacked him. What had come over her? Had she simply fallen into old familiar routines with him, or was it… fear?She had to confess, part of her wanted Hubert’s excuses to hold water. It would be…  easier,  she supposed, if he wasn’t Crow—for many reasons, not least the fact of their turbulent history. And so she wanted his explanation about stopping the wolf from leaving the monastery to be true. But was it not so that the simplest explanation was often the most plausible? And would it not be simpler if the wolf had run straight to Hubert because… because, that was what he had been taught to do…?Not to mention that Hubert was an experienced elder mage. To be fair, he had said very different things to her in his notes and letters compared to what he had told her during the ball and at other times where they met face to face. Crow believed in her, believed that she was an amazing mage on par with himself; Hubert, on the other hand, had used to insult her or berate her for prioritizing the wrong things. Could these two different men really be the one and the same?She smiled a bitterly ironic smile as she gazed up at the clouded sky before guiding the wolf back down into the pathways of Abyss.  Two different people in one body… I know firsthand that such a thing is possible.  Compared to her own moods, the difference between Hubert and Crow was nothing. And if he did it out of fear, or because he had something he needed to protect, that made it all the more reasonable.So then, she just needed a way to pull him out of his shell; a way to get him to show his true colors to her. Because, even if she might perhaps prefer it if Crow was not the same person as the man she had locked horns with so many times—the man who had embarrassed, insulted and attacked her several times over—she had also sworn to Crow that whoever it was that hid behind his pseudonym, she would love him. And if Hubert truly was her Crow… if the Crow she knew was not simply an elaborate lie of Hubert’s woven together for some obscure manipulative purposes… then yes, she was sure she could grow to love Hubert as well. Just as, surely, he had grown to love her despite her conflicting moods.She just needed to approach the matter very, very carefully, as though he truly was the animal of his namesake; as though any wrong move could cause him to spread his wings and fly away, never to return again.That could simply not be allowed to happen.Hubert could think of few ways their first meeting after these five years could have gone any worse. He had been stupid to return to Garreg Mach without a plan for how to deal with the damn wolf. While it had been incredibly unlikely that Constance would choose to send a letter the very day he returned and that she would then run after the wolf, leading her straight to him, this could not excuse his mistake. He should have had a plan in place.As soon as he’d had a moment to spare after his briefing with the professor, he’d taken care of the tracing issue—at least, that’s what he hoped. As long as the wolf still followed the actual trace pinpointed by Constance’s spell, today’s incident would not be repeated. If, on the other hand, the wolf picked —his scent somewhere around the monastery and decided to change course… Well, then he could only hope Constance would not be trailing behind it.He couldn’t be sure how much she knew at this point, how much she had managed to piece together, and it...… it terrified him.He never liked to act with incomplete information, and the far reach of his spies usually meant that he didn’t have to. But even with the people he had sent down into Abyss, there seemed to be many blind spots with Constance. And that wasn’t only because he had decided that he didn’t want to actively spy on her; apparently, according to his sources, there also tended to be long stretches of time where she was nowhere to be found at all. And when she reappeared, there was rarely any useful information to glean from her behavior. Short of searching her private quarters, which was absolutely out of the question, there was little he could do to figure out how much she knew.Perhaps that would change now that she doubtlessly suspected him. If her actions changed in some significant way, he would learn of it.What he would do with the information in question when it reached him was still undecided. For once, he didn’t want to stay even one step ahead in his plans; yet another sign of his foolishness when it came to Constance.It was a great fortune that the consequence of his and Lady Edelgard’s return to Garreg Mach was a nearly completely full schedule, because it meant that he had little time to ruminate on his fears. His next order of business was to pay a visit to a certain resident Crest scholar. Unlike back in their academy days, the door to the office in question was closed, and it took a few seconds from Hubert’s knocks until it unlocked and swung open. It revealed a tired-looking yet well-dressed man standing in a slouch in the middle of a floor filled with books; some in neat stacks, some splayed open around his feet, and some seemingly discarded in a pile in the furthermost corner. With a sigh, Hubert stepped inside and closed the door after him, taking care not to step on any of the books.Sadly, the state of the room did not come as any kind of surprise to him. Perhaps it hadn’t been quite this bad five years ago, but Linhardt’s room had always been a mess. For someone who supposedly loved reading, he really didn’t seem to care much about the mediums of his interest.“Ah,” Linhardt said as he met Hubert’s gaze. Scratching the top of his head, he caused a strand of hair to fall into his face from the loose bun tied back over his long hair. “I heard a rumor…” he began, voice trailing off as he looked around the room. “A rumor you were back. Now where… did I put…?” Hubert watched in patient silence as the other man stumbled over small stacks of books in his path toward the nearest bookcase. He ran his fingers over the backs of the items on the two middle shelves, before shaking his head and skipping over another book pile to the desk, where he pulled out one of the drawers with a furrowed forehead.“If I’d  known that you were coming so soon, I would have had it ready for you. Or at least, I’d have taken a moment to try to remember where I put it… Or at least, I’d have—”“What are you searching for?” Hubert asked, beginning to lose his patience. “I don’t recall asking for something.”At that, Linhardt looked up at him with a satisfied smile. “Oh, you’ll be excited to hear this. I made you a collection of some of my most important notes over the years.”Hubert felt his eyebrows move up toward his hairline. “You what?” Linhardt had done actual  work? On his own accord?The other man laughed as he brought out a thick notebook with uneven pages from the second drawer of the desk. “Hah! Getting to see that look on your face made it all worth the work.” He looked down at the notebook, absently running a hand over its face. “Let’s hope you can interpret my scribbles. It seemed unnecessary to waste time on making it intelligible.”Hubert scoffed in amusement as he extended a hand toward the scholar. “Mm-hm. Let’s see it then.”Upon receiving the notebook, he flipped through the first couple of pages. There was no list of contents, and the notes themselves seemed to have been made at random and with no clear structure to them. One page began with an unfinished scribble of a Crest before immediately delving into the ethics of canine experiments, only to end with a stray question about what it might taste like to combine peach sorbet with onion gratin soup. Linhardt, who had been glancing at the pages from where he stood on the other side of the desk, piped up as he reached the last part.“Ah, well, perhaps I got a little lost in the moment at times. But I only said it was a collection of  some of my most important notes, didn’t I?”“You did,” Hubert muttered as he kept flipping through the pages. At least the handwriting was fairly legible; he’d read much worse. “I don’t suppose you could point me to the relevant pages?”“All of them are relevant,” Linhardt said in an offended voice. “Is this the thanks I get for all the hard work I put in for you?”Hubert had to clench his jaw hard to stop himself from replying something seething. Did the man really think he had time to study this almost completely useless book in its entirety?“But anyway, there  is a system to it,” Linhardt supplied then, causing Hubert to perk up and listen. “As there always is in my notes. How else would I ever be able to find what I was looking for?”“So?” he asked, pinning him in place with his gaze. “Out with it.”Linhardt walked—or rather, skipped over more stacks of books—around the desk, coming up to his side so he could point at the margins of the notebook. “See this symbol here? That means it’s food-related. That one means Crest research, and that one over there is anatomy. Oh, and that one at the bottom there, it’s for tasks you explicitly told me to do. So you see, you look for the symbols in the margins as you browse. There’s also an index in the back.”Hubert hummed quietly as he browsed through the book from start to end again, now noticing the tiny little symbols he’d missed before. As promised, the very last page contained an index, with an explanation for all of the symbols. He quickly scanned through the page, finding most of them vaguely interesting at best, but at least the symbol for the tasks he’d given Linhardt himself should be useful.“Sometimes they’re combined,” Linhardt continued. “So if you asked me to come up with a recipe for something, there’d be two symbols: the one for food-related subjects, and the one for your tasks.” He paused to scratch his chin thoughtfully. “I’m not sure you ever asked me for anything as such, but…”“I’m sure I didn’t,” Hubert said as he browsed through the book again, this time pausing on the pages where he glimpsed ‘his’ symbol. He nodded in recognition at them all; these were indeed things he’d asked for in the past. There were even several pages dedicated to recording their discussions on the professor’s Crest, marked by the respective symbols in the margins. No new information there, but still, it might be useful to have. As he skipped to the next page where he could find his symbol, however, he found something that had altogether faded from his memory. Yet the headline on top of the page couldn’t have been clearer.‘Constance’s Crest’.Hubert stared at the page, fully aware that Linhardt was reading over his shoulder as he went down the page. This… This must be from when he had asked Linhardt to see what he could find out about Constance’s Crest, the Crest of Macuil; a task that had quickly slipped his mind afterward. He had never expected Linhardt to find anything of use, especially since that hadn’t even been the purpose of the exercise. He’d simply wanted a decoy for Constance to wonder about; a way to force her to move her attention away from  him. But these pages… They clearly didn’t dedicate much space for the Crest of Macuil.“What…” he heard himself mumble.“Oh, this?” Linhardt piped up. “This was a really interesting one, actually. At first, I wasn’t sure what you were even after. The Crest of Macuil isn’t common by any means, but there is at least some existing research on it. I didn’t think I’d find anything new. But then,” he said, tapping a finger on the second page, “I realized it didn’t make sense. Her having the Crest of Macuil, I mean. I carefully and painstakingly studied her as she cast various kinds of magic, both during practice and in the field, and I realized I didn’t see any of the bursts of power I should be seeing. You know, the Crest of Macuil is supposed to occasionally raise the power of magical attacks; it’s similar to the Crest of Gloucester, which Lorenz has. I’ve studied him, and I know there’s a pattern to the power bursts. It’s the same with me and my Crest—it’s white magic, but I can still discern clearly when the Crest power activates, because my healing power becomes much greater. But Constance?” He shook his head. “Nothing. Not over tens or hundreds of attacks. Her power levels stayed roughly the same.”Hubert swallowed as he followed Linhardt’s finger down the page. He’d been that adamant in his research? Watching her cast magic more than a hundred times?“But Hanneman’s records were clear,” Linhardt continued. “Constance has the Crest of Macuil. So why couldn’t I see it in practice? Then I remembered how defensive she became when I asked if I could study her Crest. It made me think she was hiding something, and I realized the records must be faked. Either she didn’t have a Crest at all, or the Crest she had was kept a secret for some reason. So I started studying other aspects of her combat techniques and behavior. I looked for all the Crest powers I knew of already, and I also recorded anything else I found suspect. That’s the list here.”He flipped to the next page, gesturing to the list that filled up the entirety of its space. The list consisted of little notes of outliers—some of them crossed out, some of them underlined—and one of the notes in particular was marked with double lines beneath it as well as three circles wrapping around the words themselves:  ‘Magical conservation’. “See, this was a difficult pattern to find, since I had to know how large her energy reserves were. That’s the calculation over here—I compared it with some of Hanneman’s old notes on how to calculate the reserves, and then double checked it with Lysithea. Then I also had to figure out how much energy each spell took, and that—”“Get to the point,” Hubert urged harshly. Linhardt sighed heavily. “Fine. I noticed that across hundreds of spells cast, about thirty percent of the time, she seemed to be able to cast certain spells more times than she should have been able to. This seemed to imply that she could have the Crest of Dominic—the one Annette has—but that didn’t make sense to me, since she’s so adamant to hide the details of her Crest. So I started digging through old Crest books I hadn’t touched in ages, just to see if I could find any references to obscure Crests that had similar powers to the Crest of Dominic. And wouldn’t you know it, I found one that fit perfectly. It even matched Constance’s history! Do you want to know what it was?”He could only nod. Linhardt flipped to the next page again, revealing a large, inked rendition of a Crest that filled the entire page. Hubert’s next breath froze in his throat. That surely wasn’t—“The Crest of Noa,” Linhardt confirmed, a clear note of satisfaction in his voice. “Doesn’t it just make sense? Saint Noa disappeared without a trace one thousand years ago. She must have been the founder of House Nuvelle, and hidden the true nature of her Crest in order to protect her descendants. Did you know House Nuvelle disallowed marriage with other houses? Surely to keep the bloodline pure. Constance had a brother; he died in the Resurrection of the Seven, but I’m sure they were supposed to m—”“Enough.”Hubert closed the notebook and tucked it inside his coat, watching as Linhardt slowly lowered his finger from where it had hovered above the page as he spoke.“I’ll read through the rest of the notes in my own time.”Linhardt shrugged. “Suit yourself. You know, you could at least say thank you.”Hubert gritted his teeth. “Thank you,” he forced out, turning on his heel the instant the other man began to smile. “I’ll be back if I need anything else from you.”If Linhardt replied, he didn’t hear it. The blood rushing in his ears effectively shut out all noise but the chaos of his own thoughts as he strode through the second floor hallways. The Crest of Noa had been lost to time; it didn’t even have a corresponding Relic. And yet, he knew for a fact that he had once seen a Crest Stone bearing that very pattern… The same pattern that had been sketched in Linhardt’s notebook.And if the location of that Crest Stone was still the same as it had been back then, he could only hope that Linhardt was the only one who had managed to find out about Constance’s secret.

GUARD. MOON, 3RD, 1185

I heard about the return of the Empress to Garreg Mach, and of the professor. It seems my estimations were correct. 

However, it is still too early to lay down your guard, for the danger has yet to pass. I do not wish to alarm you, but I know about the secret of your heritage, and I have reason to believe that you would be in even more danger than you may yet realize if this secret were to come out. Clearly you and your family have been cautious and clever enough to avoid detection for this long, and so I’m sure you understand the risks. What I ask of you now is that you take further precautions to remain in the shadows. Do not leave Garreg Mach alone—preferably not without a security detail—and make certain to vary your spells when someone may be watching. I will do what I can on my end to ascertain that this information does not get in the wrong hands.

Now that this has been said, I shall not linger on the subject. 

Sunshine… You insist on asking, even though I have yet to yield even a single inch. I cannot—will not—meet with you. How long before you give up? 

… Knowing you, I suppose you never will, will you? (And knowing you, I suppose there is little use in resisting.)

Even still, for now, I must remain at my family’s estate for a while longer. Some complications have arisen that I cannot leave in the hands of anyone else. I do not doubt that you will wonder whether this means that I will come see you when these complications have been taken care of, and as to that… Mind that my words do not constitute a promise in any way. I suppose the day will eventually come that you will learn of my identity—I have realized that there is little I can do to avoid this inevitable outcome—but as long as it is still possible to postpone that fateful moment, you must excuse my deflection. I freely admit my cowardice.

PS. Judging by your handwriting in the most recent letter, you seemed in a hurry. I hope there is no reason for concern on my part?

13th of the Guardian Moon, 1185

I am not entirely sure how to respond to such an ominous request. I will not ask how you learned this secret, for believe me, I am well aware of the risks involved. My only option is to place my trust in you and your sources, and to heed your warning. I assure you, however, that learning about your involvement does not please me in the least. I trust you, and I expect you to reciprocate. If this information was brought to your attention through some kind of espionage or bribery—as I know you are wont to use to do your bidding—I implore you to cease such behavior immediately. I will not stand for such blatant crimes against my integrity, my feelings for you notwithstanding!

We will not speak of this again; at least not through written communications.

I suspected that you would insist on remaining absent. I’m sure you would prefer me to stay in the dark as regards your identity, but it pleases me to hear that you have realized the futility of such a wish. You may think yourself clever—and by all means, ‘clever’ hardly does you justice—but you will do well to remember that there is little that can stand in the way of my determination. If I want to know who you are, I will! With that said, I respect your wishes for now. Preferably, you will reveal yourself to me willingly, and in person. I understand that to do so would be a great display of trust on your part, and I would like to earn that trust. (Yet I cannot help but wonder, have I not already done so through the countless letters sent your way, in confidence and with immeasurable affection? Have I given you reason to doubt my devotion?)

On another note, the Great Bridge of Myrddin is finally ours! At the end of this month, we will set out for the next step in Her Majesty’s plan. For obvious reasons, I cannot reveal the objective in this letter; while I have faith that no one will intercept anything sent by our capable messenger, the risk in this particular case is much too great. However, while I hold little respect for how the Alliance nobles have chosen to wield their power so far, our objective this time should not be taken lightly. I will act without fear, but this time, I must confess that I am uncertain what will await us at our destination.

As regards my last letter, there is no need for concern, I assure you. The tides of the war are changing, and it seems Abyss—and Yuri, especially—will be playing an important part in the months to come. His shoulders have been heavily burdened since the return of the Empress and the Minister of the Imperial Household (to be frank, mostly the latter). As his right hand and confidant, it is only natural that I shall be more occupied than usual. If my words seemed hasty to you, surely this is the reason. I barely even have the time, or state of mind, to work on my spells these days. 

At least, in the time between receiving your letter and sending my response, there is the wolf to keep me company through the night. He seems more at ease now than ever before… calmer, somehow. Nearly as though you were here with him. And so at times, I like to imagine that you are. Instead of a large, hairy beast curling by the foot of my bed, I close my eyes and imagine that there is a tall, beautiful man lying alongside me, whispering words of affection by my ear. That you are holding me, indulging me with your full attention. Sometimes I can almost convince myself that I can hear your voice; or at least, what I imagine your voice sounds like. Smooth, dark, soft… decisive, yet reassuring. Just as your personality. 

I wonder… When you finally hold me in your arms, Crow—what will you whisper?

GUARD. MOON, 22ND, 1185

I wish you great success in your next battle. Do not hold back; utilize your full repertoire of elder spells as well as your most cunning black magic. If my suspicions are correct, you will need every advantage you can get against your next foe. Don’t let your emotions cloud your judgment.

Yes, the wolf is a pleasant companion, perhaps even more so these days. He does tend to prefer sleeping at the foot of my bed as well… That is, until I inadvertently kick him off in my sleep. I suspect it would be rather unpleasant to share a bed with me.

As for your last question, I believe you already answered it quite succinctly yourself.

You know, Sunshine is a rather perfect name for you. As a matter of principle, I usually do not give people pet names, deeming it an unnecessary and unbecoming gesture of affection. Yours did not begin as such, of course… It was born out of necessity. But, perhaps inadvertently, I have grown rather fond of it over the years —d espite its ironic nature. 

You are proud and decisive, and your very presence commands attention. You nestle your way into everything but the very darkest of crevices. Nothing is safe from your piercing intellect and unfaltering purpose; if you want something, truly want it, then not even a momentary eclipse can steer you off your path. (A truly frightening power.) Even your voice, your laughter, rings out like the rays of the sun.

… Forgive me for my uncharacteristic exposition. Ordinarily, I would have thrown it out and begun the letter anew, but something compels me to keep it this time. Let’s call it an experiment.

After a whole week of fair weather—and as a consequence, of Constance anxiously doing what she could to avoid the surface—fortune was finally smiling at her. As she emerged from Abyss, her shoulders relaxed in relief at the sight above her head. The clouds weren’t thick or dark by any means, but they covered enough of the sky that she felt comfortable stepping out into the light of day. She would have at least half an hour, perhaps more. That would be quite enough for what she needed to do.As she steered her steps south, she heard the soft padded steps of the faithful wolf following close behind. She let him follow. He really had been more affectionate as of late, or at least more eager to stay near her. At first, it had been slightly annoying to always have the large animal on her heel, but she was already beginning to find comfort in him; it had even gone far enough now that she purposefully put off sending her letters a day or two so that she could get more time with him. She couldn’t help but wonder whether Hubert’s return had anything to do with it. If she was correct in that he was Crow—and surely she  must be, it could be no one else—his presence at Garreg Mach might comfort the wolf even from a distance. Or perhaps, she mused to herself, the wolf was calmer and more affectionate simply because he enjoyed being in the vicinity of the both of them at the same time. Well, she supposed she would never know; not unless she one day invented a spell that could translate growls and barks into human speech. Which, now that she thought about it, might not be such a bad idea… “Ah! How could I have missed such a simple play?”“Perhaps if you had focused on the actual game rather than on your tea, you wouldn’t have.”She stopped abruptly just as she was about to take the first step down to the lower level of the dormitories. The first voice, bright and proud as ever—although with a hint of disappointment this time—had clearly been Ferdinand. She could do without having to suffer through a conversation with him, especially with so little time before the sun might peek through the clouds, but the person who had calmly replied to his outburst on the other hand… That had most certainly been Hubert.And she had yet to have a chance to interact with him since he returned. If she and Yuri were busy, that was nothing compared to Hubert. She had barely even seen him around. As quietly as she could manage with a large wolf behind her, she steered her steps toward the nearby courtyard and peeked in behind the bushes to see the group of tables in the center of the yard. Two men—Hubert and Ferdinand—sat on opposite sides of one of the tables, with a chessboard in the middle. Both players had cups on their respective side of the table; supposedly, Ferdinand’s held tea while Hubert’s held coffee. To the side stood Lorenz, watching the game with his arms crossed over his chest.“Wha—have you not listened to what I’ve been telling you?” Ferdinand cried, gesturing around his own cup as he tried to convey whatever he seemed to think Hubert should have picked up on while they played. “This is a variant of the Southern Fruit Blend, with—”“With carefully chosen additions from the herbal gardens of the von Aegir Dukedom, yes, believe it or not, I have listened,” Hubert said dryly. “You ‘invented it’ yourself and you’re proud of the achievement. It was your decision to prioritize bragging about your tea rather than try to defeat me, not mine.”While Lorenz snickered, Ferdinand seemed stumped. “I—Well, you—” He sighed, shaking his head as he extended his arm across the table. “A fair game. Well played.”As Hubert took his hand and shook it in silence, Constance took a deep breath and strode up toward the table with her head held high. From the moment she appeared behind the bushes, even before she spoke up, she could feel Hubert’s gaze on her. “Well, well!” she said, smirking as Lorenz and Ferdinand turned to look at her as well—then froze as they saw the wolf behind her. “It must be nice to have time for games in the middle of the war. I suppose  boys will always find a way to escape their duties, hm?”When the large wolf sat down obediently at her side as soon as she stopped near the table, they seemed to relax somewhat. Lorenz scoffed and shook his head. “Please, Constance, this is far more than a simple game, as you should know. Chess is pure strategy. It’s a perfect example of war, in its most fundamental form.”Constance inclined her head to Hubert. “How about you? Do you agree?” His intense, narrow gaze met hers, and she realized with a start that her hands were shaking where they hung loosely at her sides. It was just a pair of eyes—so why did she feel as though he could see into her very core? He held her gaze for a few seconds before turning his attention to the board, allowing her to relax somewhat.  What is happening to me? Why in the world am I trembling so? “Faced with the same setup each and every time,” Hubert replied, “the only variable being your opponent and their strategies… It is, of course, a highly simplified version of war. Rarely—if ever—does a war begin with such equal odds.”“Yet you play it,” she said. “I would not have expected you of all people to take interest in simplifications.”The beginning of a smirk played in one corner of his mouth; a detail she could see only because she forced herself to stare straight at him.“I suppose that the simplicity of the setup allows for an interesting opportunity to explore the psychological aspects of battle. Let’s call it a sandbox for war; an experimental battleground.”“Experimental, hm,” she mused as he and Ferdinand fell into a discussion about the final positions of the pieces on the board.  Experimental…   ‘Let’s call it an experiment.’ That was what Crow had written in his last letter. An ‘experiment’—but for what reason? To see how she would react? To challenge her in some way; to force her to show her true colors?Perhaps that was exactly what she needed to do in return. If Hubert refused to admit that he was Crow, she knew that she would have to be very cautious in drawing it out of him. One wrong step, and he could fly away in panic. But perhaps she should take inspiration from his example and throw out a line; see what would happen. Would he take the bait?She stepped aside as Ferdinand got up from his chair, then leaned in over the table, supporting herself with both palms pressed against its surface. She caught Hubert’s gaze; this time, she felt like she had the upper hand.“Then I take it you wouldn't be interested in an unfair game, with unequal odds?”His expression remained calm even as he paused with one hand above the board, clearly having intended to put away the pieces.“Is that a challenge?”She straightened, folded her arms over her chest and shrugged, fully aware that both Ferdinand and Lorenz were watching her intently, along with Hubert. “A challenge, or… an offer.”“So you play Chess, Constance?” Lorenz asked, causing her to spin around to face him with a vengeance.“Do I play Chess?  Do I play Chess? ” She scoffed. “Have I ever! I’ll have you know that my brother and I used to play each other in the Nuvelle gardens several times a week! Do I play Chess… What kind of rudimentary savage do you think me to be?”“You  played Chess, then,” Hubert said with jest in his voice. “That is not the same as ‘playing’, I’m afraid.”She raised her chin as she looked down upon him from beside the table. “What of it? Perhaps I am a tad bit rusty. My memory shall be refreshed in an instant!”He kept his gaze steadily locked on her. As she met it, a smirk yet again tugged at one corner of his mouth. “Fair enough. And what rules do you propose for this... offer of yours?”She considered the board state on the table in front of him. More than half of his pawns had remained by the end of the game; two of them had even been instrumental in his victory, setting up a trap for Ferdinand’s king that had turned out to be fatal. Appearances could deceive, that much was clear.Raising her gaze to meet his again, she felt a strange kind of flutter in her stomach at seeing his attention so completely focused on her as he waited for her reply. This was a man whose silent schemes might rival even those of Yuri; a man who’d, according to rumors, assassinated his own father at the start of the war. Constance was intelligent and creative, but she had nothing on Hubert’s experience with strategy and tactics. And yet, she held his full attention with just a simple offer for a Chess game. There  has  to be more here than meets the eye. If Hubert isn’t Crow, I don’t know what else could explain it.  He was curious; for once, she could read him clearly. He wanted to know how she would challenge him, and then he wanted to study her as she played him. Perhaps this isn’t a good idea…But if not now, then when? If she couldn’t stand her ground against him now, if she couldn’t endure his unbridled attention, how was she ever supposed to handle being his lover?She was letting her thoughts run away with her again, but there was a point there. She knew how to interact with Crow by now; she knew how to push just the right amount without scaring him away, knew exactly where she had him. But Hubert, the real flesh-and-blood Hubert, was still elusive to her. She needed to learn how to play his game, on the same level. On the same team.“You begin the game with no pawns,” she said firmly. “However, if you take one of mine, it shall be yours for the rest of the game.”Hubert lowered his gaze to the board. She could see his pupils move as he considered the new rules. “Hm,” he said. “I accept.”Constance exhaled. She had overcome the first hurdle.“Oh, I need to see this,” Ferdinand said.Hubert gestured for Constance to sit down opposite to him; an invitation which she gracefully accepted, brushing her long curls behind her shoulders as they both began to return the pieces to their starting positions on the board. She had the white pieces, which meant that she would move first.Although she wasn’t looking at him, she could feel Hubert’s gaze remaining on her even as Ferdinand and Lorenz spoke with each other beside them. She had missed the beginning of their conversation, but she quickly realized that they were discussing their recent victory against Claude and the Almyrans in the city of Deirdru.“It seems all that praise of Claude’s ingenuity was largely unfounded,” Lorenz said with a great amount of pride in his voice. “Ah, yes,” Ferdinand replied. “They called him the Master Tactician, but he should have known he would be no match for Lady Edelgard!”“Indeed. A truly clever man would have realized defeat was inevitable and surrendered. Or, failing that, he could have rallied the Alliance nobles to secure a real fighting chance, at the very least…” Lorenz sighed. “I regret missing my only opportunity to tell him so.”Constance tried to put their conversation out of her mind and focus on Hubert. Lorenz and Ferdinand rarely had anything of substance to say at any rate, and she held little regard for their opinions on Claude. What held her full attention now was Hubert, who waited patiently for her to make her first move. She had two full rows of pieces, while his side held only a single row of the pieces that were simultaneously the strongest and the most fragile, completely open to an attack from the front. Now that she saw the layout for herself, she realized that being in his position might be a blessing as well as a curse. Without the wall of pawns in front of his other pieces, he could move more freely right from the beginning. Was that why he had accepted? He saw the advantages and disadvantages, and decided to see how well she would be able to manage?If she wanted to take advantage of her pawns, she should surely use them as defence, so he wouldn’t be able to end the game prematurely. Holding her head high, careful to reveal nothing on her face, she moved one of her knights forward. She deemed this to be the safest way to advance without opening up for attacks against her most vital pieces.Hubert responded almost immediately by advancing with one of his bishops toward the center of the board, seemingly ignoring her knight for now. Deciding that she needed to get more pieces out on the board, she moved the pawn in front of her right-most knight forward. This would open up a path for her bishop.She studied Hubert’s face closely as they progressed through the first parts of the game. He looked calm, but not necessarily confident. Did playing her entertain him, or did he merely see it as a way to study her, just as she did it to study him? She wasn’t very interested in the game itself. No, what she wanted to study was his behavior around her, and whether she could make him relax and show her his true colors. Keeping him occupied with the game seemed like a possible opportunity to catch him off guard. Perhaps if she were to make some innocent conversation, just to start it off slowly…Before she could think of what to say, Ferdinand made a disgruntled noise as she moved one of her pieces forward. She looked up at him, face unamused.“Do you have an opinion to share, Ferdinand?” she asked dryly, trying not to smirk when she noticed the wolf staring him down with the start of a growl emanating from his throat.Ferdinand jerked at the sound of her voice, blinking down at her, then at the wolf. His eyes widened. “Me? Oh, I—I apologize. Please pay me no mind.”Annoyed, she returned her attention to the board. She didn’t want to second-guess her play because of Ferdinand, but she couldn’t help wondering whether she had missed something obvious in the game. Had she just sealed her fate?“Ferdinand,” Hubert said. “Lady Edelgard should have finished her bath by now. I seem to recall your mentioning an idea you wanted to run by her.”Ferdinand paused. “Ah. Yes, I suppose I did say that earlier, didn’t I?”He shuffled his feet, clearly hesitant to leave. Constance glanced at Hubert, noting how he chose that very moment to make his next move. He was apparently ardent enough for Ferdinand to leave that he was willing to sic him on Lady Edelgard. The question was, was it simply because he annoyed him as well? Or did he have something else in mind? Well, whatever it was, she wouldn’t mind playing Hubert without interruptions; in fact, it would be quite preferable—she wouldn’t be able to distract  him  if someone else was already distracting  her. She paused and looked up, arching an eyebrow in the redhead’s direction. “Well then, why are you still standing here? Surely Lady Edelgard will need your valuable input, Ferdinand! Or do you consider yourself irrelevant to her cause?”He gave her a wide-eyed stare. “N-no! Of course not!” Shaking his head and his shoulders, he then looked back at her again, now with a determined smile. “I shall go see her at once. Good luck to the both of you!”After watching him leave, Constance turned her attention to Lorenz, who stood beside her, one hand on his hip and the other absent-mindedly rubbing the tips of his thumb and middle finger together up by his chest. She glanced up at his face, but his own gaze was fixed to the chess board. Only when she cleared her throat did he acknowledge her presence with a silent look.“And you? Surely you have better things to do than stand around the courtyard all day?”He pursed his lips, glancing at the board state before giving her a faux smile and a bow. “Ah, yes. I have dallied here long enough already. I’m sure my soldiers are restless without their leader there to give them purpose. May the best player win.” Giving the wolf a quick look, he turned and walked in the opposite direction with long, proud strides. Constance turned her attention back to her opponent, expecting to meet his gaze directly, but this time, it was focused elsewhere. As soon as Lorenz had left, the wolf had moved from her side over to Hubert’s, and he was currently about to place his large head in Hubert’s lap. Constance hid a smile behind her hand. The animal certainly wasn’t shy, was he?To her amusement, Hubert looked uncertain of what to do in response. Give in, or push the wolf away? What would pose the greatest risk to his secret identity? Finally, he relented and placed one hand on the animal’s head, stroking the fur down toward the neck. The wolf let out a content sigh and closed his eyes, and Constance had to suppress a snicker. If there had been any speckle of doubt remaining within her, this surely blew it all away in an instant. To the wolf, Crow and Hubert were one and the same; to him, they were simply his beloved human master. To him, there was only Hubert.And seeing Hubert stroke the animal while he continued playing her gave her an idea. It was mischievous, yes, but if she ever wanted to move forward, she would need to use a few tricks here and there.“He certainly seems to like you,” she said as she moved her next piece. Hubert had managed to catch and gain two of her pawns, already making the odds slightly more even. But while he’d also removed one of her knights and a rook, she was still confident she could win.He glanced down at the wolf. Had he been a large cat instead, she had no doubts he would have been purring loudly. “I grew up around dogs. Perhaps he simply recognizes my affinity for his kind.”“Perhaps,” she said. “Do you want to know his name?”Hubert studied the board for a moment before making his next move. “Very well.”She kept her gaze firmly fixed to his face as she replied, as innocently as she could, “His name is Crow.”To her delight, Hubert paused with his hand hovering above one of his bishops. He looked up at her, calmly, although she could swear she saw wariness behind his eyes.“You named a wolf after a species of bird?” he asked.Constance smiled. He couldn’t have asked a more perfect question for her purposes. He might think that he had managed to deflect her attack, when in fact he had played right into her hands. “No. I named him after his greatest love in life… his and mine.”Hubert’s mouth set into a thin line as he returned his gaze to the board, but apart from that, there was no indication that her words had ruffled him in any way. “I see.”She stared at him. That was all? No nervous fiddling, no stammered response, no deflections? How could he remain so calm at such a blatant declaration?“Are you not going to ask for clarification?”He moved his bishop, taking and removing her last rook, and then he stayed silent even as she took her turn. Only after he had then captured yet another of her pawns did he finally reply.“Forgive my bluntness, but I have little interest in your romantic life.”She raised her eyebrows, leaning forward to support her elbows on the table as she locked her hands together in curiosity. “Little interest? So you have  some interest, then?”“Well,” he drawled as he made his next move. “No. I suppose I was just being diplomatic.”Diplomatic! Constance scoffed silently. If that was his idea of diplomacy, she hoped Lady Edelgard would keep him well out of the political decisions of the Empire.But, she had to admit, he had handled her little trick amicably. He clearly had no qualms with lying to her face. If he didn’t have any interest in her romantic life, then how could he explain the almost poetically romantic words he had written to her in his most recent letter?‘Even your voice, your laughter, rings out like the rays of the sun.’Her chest warmed as she thought back to it now. She had to look away for a moment as she breathed deeply to calm herself. She couldn’t even imagine hearing those words in Hubert’s voice, but there could be no mistake that he had been the one to write them out for her.Perhaps she was pushing him too hard. She didn’t want him to shut himself further away from her, and if she continued too aggressively, that was the risk she faced. Deciding to change to a lighter subject for now, she straightened and tried to focus on the game again. She didn’t know how he’d done it, but he was gaining ground quickly now, having converted four of her pawns. This was no longer an unequal game.“So,” she said as she considered her next move. “Might I assume that you have come to terms with Ferdinand’s… ardent ways?”“Oh, he is still as insufferable as he always was.”She chuckled. They agreed on that, at least.“But I suppose even he has his charms. If nothing else, beating him at Chess is somewhat entertaining.”“Let's see if the same can be said about you.”Hubert smiled; it was probably supposed to be a benevolent smile, but on him, it still looked rather ominous. “Mm-hm.” He waited as she moved her queen out of the reach of his knight, then pushed forward with that very piece. “Do you agree with Lorenz?”She looked up at him. “Hm?”“Lorenz,” he repeated, catching her gaze. “For an Alliance noble, he is certainly critical of his former leader. Do you agree that the claims regarding Claude’s ingenuity were fallacious? In the end, his defeat came swiftly.”She paused. What was this? An attempt to distract her now that they were rapidly approaching the final stages of the game? Still, she was curious to know where this line of questioning was going.“No,” she replied. “I cannot say that I agree with him.”“Please. Enlighten me.”She sighed, pursing her lips as she considered what move to choose next. Hubert was pushing her into a corner, and if she wasn’t careful, he would soon be able to checkmate her.“Well… The Alliance nobles have always lacked solidarity, which Claude was clearly aware of. By mediating between the opposing factions, he managed to keep the Empire out of their territory for far longer than anyone expected. He built his scheme around the self-interest of the noble houses. Naturally, when he was defeated, the Alliance withdrew with haste, which was wholly unsurprising… Even still, he did much with what little he had.”Hubert tilted his head to the side, studying her with an unreadable expression on his face. “Hm.”Constance swallowed discreetly, fiddling with her belt as he continued to scrutinize her. She couldn’t help but feel like he had just tested her in some way, but she had no idea whether she had passed or failed.“And you?” she asked, hoping that it would cause him to avert his gaze. “What is your opinion?”As she had hoped, he looked down at the board as he considered her question.“I expect you to keep silent on this subject,” he began, his voice lowered. “The official story is that Claude was killed in Deirdru, but Lady Edelgard chose to spare him in the last moment—on the condition that he leave Fódlan and not return. His parting words, however… gave the impression that he had prepared for his plans to go awry. Largely thanks to those preparations, we were able to capture the Alliance cleanly and with minimum bloodshed. So, as to my opinion on Claude... Ordinary fools run headlong into combat without even considering the possibility of defeat, but to consider one’s chances and prepare for every outcome? That takes real intelligence. This is not something I freely admit, but I clearly underestimated the man.”She watched in silence as he captured another pawn, not quite sure how to respond to his confession. As far as she could recall, this was the first time Hubert had revealed his inner thoughts and opinions to her… well, apart from when he had scolded her at the ball all those years ago. But this felt different somehow. This was him showing weakness to her, no matter how slight.“As I underestimated you.”She froze in place. Slowly, she raised her gaze to stare at him. “P-pardon?”He met her gaze unabashedly—unsmiling, but sincere—and held it firmly. “I have seen that you are still hard at work developing yourself and your magic. Even after five years, and even after coming to terms with the fact that Lady Edelgard will abolish the nobility system, you’re ambitiously working to push your magic prowess to new levels. I always knew that you were tenacious, but I must confess, I did not expect you to come this far.”At first, she could do little more than blink at him in shock. Then, as his words sunk in, her brows furrowed and she felt her ears start to burn. “What in all the—what is the meaning of this?! You didn’t expect me to come this far? That is the most preposterous thing I have heard all year! What in the world gave you the impression that I wouldn’t—Ugh! Of all the infuriating, obnoxious things to say… I am the last-standing scion of House Nuvelle! I do not give up so easily!”She crossed her arms over her chest, annoyance spiking further when Hubert began to smile. He chuckled, shaking his head as he made his next move. “It’s true. You’re quite adamant in your research.”She followed the piece with her gaze and felt her shoulders drop when she realized that he had just placed her in checkmate.“When it comes to strategy, however,” he finished, “I believe you have met your match.”Her arms dropped to her sides again as she stared at the boardstate. It was true, there was no way of escaping defeat at this point. He had her king in a fatal position. Even though she had seen it coming for some time, it was no less embarrassing now that they had finally reached the end of the game.“But… your pawns,” she muttered, slouching in her chair. He was supposed to be at a disadvantage. What had happened?“Heh. My pawns indeed,” he said with a sly smirk on his lips. “I wouldn’t be much of a tactician if I only knew one path to victory, now would I?”So he was one of  those victors, were he? He was almost too satisfied with himself. But this was not the first time she had faced one such kind. The best way to handle it was always to act calm and emanate confidence. Straightening her back, she brought out her fan and calmly started fanning herself.“Well, that is of no consequence. It is merely a game. What’s important is that in the real war, one of the forces arrayed against us has fallen. Our victory draws nearer.”“Indeed,” he said as he began to place each piece in a wooden box to the side of the board. “It is just a game. But that does not mean that we shouldn’t learn from it.” As he dropped his queen into the box, he raised his gaze to meet hers. “You proposed this challenge without thinking far enough ahead to realize the potential advantage of having no pawns. It was a rash decision. In Chess and military strategy both, thinking ahead is key to success. I say this not to taunt you, but to give you an opportunity for self-improvement. Clever tricks are thrilling when they work, but you should always consider what might happen if they don’t.”She lowered her fan to her lap, watching silently as he closed the lid of the box and stood up, rousing Crow from his nap. Hubert walked over to her side of the table and offered her his hand. Exhaling slowly, she took it and let him pull her to her feet. When he started to pull away, she squeezed his hand harder, causing him to pause and give her a wary look. Her own gaze moved down to his chest, studying the straps and decorations on his military uniform.“Perhaps I might be impulsive at times,” she admitted quietly. “But I would rather be rash and make mistakes than hold myself back and lose out on life.” Clenching her jaw, she forced herself to look up into his eyes again, soaking in their intensity. “Keeping a clear head may be beneficial when it comes to military strategy, but in everyday life, you might want to try acting on impulse every once and again. Let your emotions guide you. Who knows what benefits you might reap?”Before she could see his reaction, she released his hand and looked to Crow who sat next to them, following their interactions closely with his dark wolf eyes.“Thank you for the game,” she said. “It was an interesting… experiment.”“It was my pleasure,” Hubert replied quietly.She started to leave, Crow already in tow behind her, then paused to think. She… hadn’t really come here to play Chess. In fact, this was not where she had intended to go in the first place. It was merely where her impulse had led her. And even though Hubert had practically scolded her for being impulsive just now, she already wanted to follow another impulse.Turning her face to the sky, she took in the clouds veiling the sun from view. There were splotches of blue here and there, but she might still have time before the clouds disappeared entirely. If not… well, she just had to return underground again and try another day.“Actually,” she began, glancing over her shoulder. Hubert stood in the same place as where she had left him a moment ago, gaze lifting from the ground to meet hers as she spoke. Seeing the wariness in his eyes only made her more determined. “There is something I would like to show you.”As usual when she followed an impulse, she didn’t quite understand what had brought her to make the decision. Standing at the very end of the small pier by the monastery’s pond with her hands raised above the calm water and Hubert standing stoically by her side, she caught herself wondering why she had thought this to be a good idea in the first place.She had practiced the spell in Abyss several times already—and successfully, at that—but out here in daylight, with a large pond and waterfall rather than a dark stream flowing beneath the bridges of the underground pathways, she couldn’t help but worry that it wouldn’t work. And if Hubert saw her fail, what would he think?But why would it fail? The formula is solid, my spellwork is flawless, and the conditions are impeccable. The only thing that might affect her in a way that would disrupt the spell was Hubert’s presence. But she had brought him here for a reason! She had brought him here so that he could see for herself how much she had developed since the early days of their acquaintance. She wanted to show him this; not to boast, but to share her successes with him.Then again, perhaps it wasn’t so much an eventual failure that had her concerned as it was what he would think of her success. Taking a deep breath, she drew from her inner magic reserves, murmuring prayers to the goddess as she channeled her strongest light magic through her hands and into her fingertips. As a bright magic circle appeared in front of her, she allowed herself to smile, leaning into the warmth of the magic streaming through her body. Faith magic might not be as adaptable and powerful as elder magic, but the sensation of casting a successful spell always filled her with such pleasure. It was like pure hope shot through her veins in the moments just before the magic took hold in the world.Before her eyes, the image reflected on the surface of the water slowly started changing shape. The surrounding buildings disappeared from the reflection entirely, leaving only the sky and the mirrored image of her and Hubert where they stood right at the edge of the pier. His gaze met hers through the reflection in the brief second before she moved her gaze away to focus on her work. She flexed her fingers, carefully adjusting the magic as it flowed out from her hands and watching as new shapes appeared on the surface. There were lush green trees and bushes with colorful flowers, proud white buildings with roses climbing up their facades, and by the very edge of the rightmost side, a small group of carefully designed tables and chairs in black iron—all of it upside down, as though reflected from the real world around them.Then she changed the reflection of the sky; from bright blue to the darkest of blacks, covering it in millions of little speckles that shone brightly—if slightly trembling—off the surface of the water. She even decided to splurge a little and made a small twitch of her hand to create the illusion of a shooting star across the black sky.“See?” she asked Hubert before once again meeting his gaze in the reflection. She hadn’t bothered to change anything about their shapes in the water, so they both looked somewhat strange with their full, bright colors against the night sky behind them. But she didn’t care about that; she was too exhilarated by the look on Hubert’s face. For once, his expression showed real wonder, his gaze moving across the pond to take it all in as his lips parted slightly in fascination.“I… yes,” he replied. “I see you’ve become quite skilled in light reflections. This is the same as your tea magic, isn’t it? At a much larger scale, of course.”“It is!” she said proudly. “And the reflections are from the Nuvelle garden, as I remember it from my childhood.”Hubert nodded. “I suspected as much. You’ve painted quite the vivid picture. Impressive.”“Thank you,” she said with a sly smile. “I have worked very hard to achieve this level of detail and consistency.”She released the spell, letting her hands fall to her sides as the water instantly returned back to its original state, reflecting the real surroundings around the pond. But as it did, a certain detail in that reflection caught her attention. Her smile faded completely as she stared down at the surface, almost certain she was imagining things. But no.Atop the soft ripples of the pond, disturbed only by the slight breeze in the air, danced the unmistakable reflection of sunlight, almost in a tease at her expense. Yet when she raised her gaze to the sky, there were gray clouds in every direction.She knew what this meant. When something seemingly defied the rules of logic or of nature itself, there was usually magic involved.“What,” she breathed, steering her gaze back to Hubert. “How…?”She had attempted countless amounts of spells in the past to affect the weather; she had acquired, invented and adjusted a number of nimbus charms for this very purpose. None of them had ever worked the way she wanted. And even this… this, whatever it was, had clearly not  changed  the weather. If the pond reflected sunlight, that meant the sun was still  there.  It was simply not visible to the naked eye; veiled by a layer of clouds that supposedly did not exist.Hubert glanced at the water. “Ah,” he said, as though lamenting a mistake he had made on an exam in the academy. “The reflections. Careless.” He raised a hand as if to cast a spell, then paused with it as it hung midair, considering her thoughtfully. “I don’t suppose you would be satisfied if I removed them?”“Hubert!” she exclaimed, horrified at the ease with which he offered to ‘correct’ what she was seeing. “What have you done?! What kind of magic is this? Is it light magic as well?!”He slowly lowered his hand again. “There’s no use in asking. It’s not light magic, and even if it was, it is not a spell you would be able to reproduce in any event.”“And why is that?”He looked away. “Leave it.” Constance crossed her arms over her chest, more as an attempt to comfort herself than out of annoyance at his secrecy. She couldn’t quite explain it, but even though the clouds clearly hid the sun from view, there was still an uncomfortable sensation hiding right at the edge of her consciousness. Not exactly the kind of discomfort she usually felt when in strong sunlight; rather a subdued kind of fear, or perhaps more akin to concern, that she couldn’t quite bring herself to ignore. At the moment, it was not important how Hubert had managed to affect the weather. She could find that out later. But what remained was the fact that he  had affected it in the first place. Because… why would he do such a thing? It was highly unpleasant to be in the sun, yes, but it was not dangerous to her. So if he wanted to shield her from the sunlight…She swallowed, doing her best to keep her face relaxed even though Hubert still had his gaze turned away. If he wanted to keep her out of sunlight, it could only be for one reason.“You...” she said, stopping immediately when she heard how weak and frail her voice sounded. Hubert must have picked it up as well, because he returned his gaze to her, watching her in that calculating yet cautious way that he always did when he seemed to expect the worst from her. “Yes?”She wanted to ask, wanted to make sure that she was interpreting things correctly, but she couldn’t bring herself to continue. The words seemed stuck in her throat now, obstructed by a growing sense of fear within her for every second that she stared into the cold, completely unperturbed gaze of the right hand, tactician and—no doubt, assassin—of the Empress.Her arms tightened around her chest as she swallowed again. What was this feeling? She was clearly not in the sun, so why did she have this inexplicable sensation of dread?When she failed to continue, Hubert’s expression changed. She wouldn’t call it soft by any means, but the calculating wariness in his eyes blended into something a little more… insecure, perhaps, though that word was ordinarily the last she would ever use to describe Hubert.“If that is all,” he began slowly, which caused Constance to draw for air, because no, he couldn’t leave now, not before she knew, “then I must bid you—”“A-am I truly such an inconvenience to you?”Her outburst seemed to catch him off guard; he jerked, then froze, eyes wider than she had ever seen them before.“What—inconvenience?” he repeated, blinking as he tried to collect himself again. “Certainly not—there is somewhere I need to be, that is all.”“No!” she exclaimed, pushing on even though she felt just about ready to vomit. Her hands, now withdrawn from her arms, were tightly clenched into fists at her sides. “You know that is not what I meant!”His brows knitting together closely, he opened his mouth, then closed it again; glanced to his side, then shook his head. “I’m… afraid I don’t.”She took a deep breath, feeling the unease within her continue to grow as she stared at the man in front of her. He was so tall, and only seemed to become taller and taller for every second that passed. “The spell!” she forced out, seeming to set him on edge again. “You—you cast it so you wouldn’t have to interact with me at my worst! Is that it? You wanted to spare yourself the annoyance of—of—”She cut herself off, unable to continue as a sob caught in her throat. Once again, she wrapped her arms around herself; but this time, they did not even cross, instead simply forming into an embrace in a futile attempt to comfort herself. Hubert did not speak. He stood completely still in the same place, still impossibly tall above her, and he looked absolutely horrified. So she was correct, then. Even now, when the clouds remained in the sky, he could not stand her. He could not stand her shifting moods any more than anyone else could; perhaps even less.“Why aren’t you saying anything?!” she yelled, body shaking like a leaf. She tried to steady it by squeezing herself more tightly, but to no avail; her arms were shaking as well. “Speak!”Out of the corner of her eye, she could see that a small crowd was forming some distance away. No doubt watching them. No doubt whispering amongst themselves about her inappropriate behavior. Hubert must notice as well, surely; he must see what an absolute catastrophe she was.“You have it all wrong,” Hubert said sharply, causing her to gasp in a half-sob. “That is not why I did it.”“Then prove it!” she demanded in a shrill voice. “Undo the spell, whatever it is! Prove it right this instance!”From the way he stared at her, she didn’t think that he would do it. In fact, she half expected him to turn on his heel and leave. He must  hate to be at the center of attention like this; he must utterly abhor the circumstances she had placed him in. It was more than fair if he just left her there, shaking and screaming after him. She didn’t want him to, but at least if he did, she would know…… She would know that her fears were true. That she had been right to believe that he wanted to avoid having to deal with her at her worst. And she couldn’t blame him. After all, even now, she was embarrassing him, causing him all of this pain and discomfort, because of her moods. She was a disaster, and so utterly undeserving of any kind of kindness on his part, it was a miracle he had shown her even the ounce of respect he had up until now. It… it would be fair of him to leave her now, to her own devices. It would be fair of him to curse her instability and leave, never to come back or look over his shoulder. It would—“Constance,” he said, snapping her out of her own misery with a single word. With a wince, she forced herself to raise her gaze, which she had inexplicably turned down toward her own feet. She looked at him, standing proud and tall in front of her; expression firm and resolute, yet still wary. And when he glanced upward, she followed his gaze automatically.Only to be absolutely blinded by the sun. “Ahh!” So shocked was she by the sight, she didn’t realize she had stumbled back a step too far until it was already too late. She widened her eyes, grasping at air in front of her as she tried to capture her balance. Just as she lost the battle and started to fall helplessly, a strong hand caught her wrist and pulled her back onto the pier. Constance stumbled forward from the force, feeling entirely out of her element as she grabbed the sides of Hubert’s jacket to catch herself, the side of her head crashing into his chest. He smelled of fresh air, shaving fragrance and a hint of sweat, and the combination made her unexpectedly heady. She expected him to push her away as soon as she had regained her balance, but to her surprise, he held her steadily against him. The sheer impossibility of it—of him embracing her like this, when there was no reason for it whatsoever—caused tears to bubble up and overflow again, and before she knew it, she was sobbing into his chest, burdened by a misery exacerbated both by what had just happened and by the strong sunlight streaming down at her. She closed her eyes as she cried, trying to shut it out, but the warmth on her back was unmistakable. Tentative arms wrapped around her torso.  Of course, he does not really want to touch me. It is a miracle he hasn’t pushed me away yet. Surely he was only holding her to keep her steady, or to… to prove a point, or… anything but the reason she truly wanted. Surely he wanted to be rid of her as soon as possible; this was already more than what she deserved. She moved her hands to his chest, intending to push herself away so he wouldn’t have to, but to her surprise, he moved one hand to cover hers as the other arm locked more tightly around her. She blinked through the tears at his gloved hand against her pale skin. “Lord von Vestra,” she whispered.“I cast that spell,” he murmured, his voice reverberating through his chest, “not because I find you inconvenient in sunlight, but because I know how it hurts you.” No,  she thought as she snivelled again,  no, you cast it so that you would be able to defeat me at Chess. You cast it so that you could endure to spend time with me. You cast it so that I wouldn’t be utterly abhorrent to be around for the duration of the game. And then, when I asked you to come with me, you felt obligated to follow along, or I would find out about your deception.  “I thank you for wanting to spare my feelings,” she said softly. “But I understand why you did it. I understand very well.”“No,” he said, decisively this time. He pulled back just far enough that he could look her in the eyes, but when he did, she immediately averted her gaze. “Listen to me. I saw the clouds disperse during our game, and I saw how you enjoyed yourself. I didn’t want...” He cut himself off, inhaling sharply. When he continued, he spoke through gritted teeth. “I didn’t want to see it exchanged for terror. Not again. If that is selfish of me, then I accept responsibility for my selfishness. But what I will not accept is to have you wrongfully accuse me of finding you...  inconvenient.  That is not a word I would ever use to describe you.”She shivered, swallowing another sob. Hubert didn’t sound like himself. He sounded… emotional. And she didn’t know how to handle it. It was her fault;  she had made him feel these negative things. She was despicable.“Constance. Look at me.”She didn’t want to, but she felt that she should; if nothing else, then because she didn’t want to do him more wrong than she already had. So she bent her neck back and looked up into his eyes, expecting to find disappointment there. What she found instead was a strange mixture of concern and frustration.“Will you allow me to bring you to a more secluded space?” he asked.“Please,” she snivelled. “You… You shall not have to hold on to me for longer than necessary. You can release me.”Once again she began to pull away, not wishing to burden him further, but he immediately pulled her back against his chest. She could have sworn the sound that came out of his mouth was a hiss.“That was not my intention,” he said, his voice sounding oddly strained. Before she could think to reply, the violet light of his teleportation magic wrapped around them. She blinked, and when her eyes opened again, they stood in the middle of one of the old bedrooms in the dormitory. The warmth of the sun fading from her back, she exhaled a breath of relief, only to freeze as the weight of the recent events slammed into her. Hubert was holding her; his hands had moved from her arms, and now one supported her head against his chest while the other pressed against the small of her back, keeping her flush to his body. Her own hands slid down from his chest and to his sides, the scent of his shaving fragrance filling her senses. She could hear no heartbeat, but that was likely due to the thickness of his clothing and the blood rushing through her ears.  Are we in his old room…? No, this is one of the unused rooms. An empty desk and a bed with no linen stood to the side. The room was silent but for their breathing. They were alone.And Hubert made no move to speak or pull away.

The clouds must have once again covered the face of the sun outside, for the light streaming in through the small windows dimmed, leaving the dorm room in a grey, dusky color. Focusing on keeping his breathing steady, Hubert fixed his gaze to a pegasus knight flying against the backdrop of the sky in the distance.He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt this kind of pressure over his chest. Or, for that matter, this kind of uncertainty regarding what he should do next. He always liked to stay a few steps ahead, but this… This had not been part of his plan. And a certain  someone in his arms kept pulling him back to here and now each time that he tried to step back into his mind and think.As if on cue, Constance moved her hands from his sides and up to his chest. He held his breath, waiting. Would she push him away?But no. She stayed put, even as a shiver ran through her body. It was just the slightest tremble; there could be any reason for it. She might be cold, or she might still be regaining herself from her exposure to sunlight, or… Don’t think about the third option. Almost subconsciously, he flexed his fingers against her lower back. She felt so small, so fragile in his arms; as though he was holding little more than a doll against his chest. As far as he could recall, he had never held anyone quite like this before. Not even Lady Edelgard. It felt… … Intimate. Her chest moved with his, their breathing nearly synchronized. Even with his hand resting so low on her back, the tips of her long curls brushed against the tiny sliver of naked skin just between his sleeve and his glove. The other hand, he realized, had absentmindedly begun to slide downward over the back of her head. He wanted to—

His hand froze, but the urge to wrap her curls around his fingers didn’t go away. He wanted to tug her head back, just gently, so that he could study her face. Read her expression and try to figure out what she was thinking. She knows. There is no way that she does not know at this point. He’d known it for certain the moment she told him what she’d named the wolf. ‘His name is Crow.’Four simple words, yet they had quickly shattered any last remnant of hope that she was still unaware of his identity. He’d wondered many times what it would be like, the moment when everything would be revealed. He just hadn’t allowed himself to imagine that he would be holding her like this. Her body flush against mine. Her hands pressed against my chest. 

If he hadn’t known better, he would say that his chest was pounding. Constricting, pulsating, shivering. He could nearly call it aching, except it wasn't quite painful. Oddly enough… it was more exhilarating than anything else. Before he knew it, he’d moved his hand from the back of her head to the side of her face, and using his thumb, he gently guided her head back. Even when utterly confused and left to his whims, Constance was beautiful. Her pupils were blown wide, making her eyes look nearly black. Her cheeks were dusted with a warm pink, and as she stared up at him, eyes searching his face, her lips slowly parted. Beneath his thumb, her chin was trembling.She looked as though… she wanted… Stop. I need to stop.But he couldn’t. Not just yet. He bent his neck. Lowered his head. Just… ever so slightly. Hardly even noticeable. But Constance still drew for air.“Hubert,” she whispered, barely a breath. He knew, because he could only just feel the warmth against his lips. Was he already that close? Stop. I cannot do this.No.Closer… he wanted… closer… This time, her breath brushed fully against his lips, which had parted somewhere along the line. Standing this close, the scent that was Constance von Nuvelle filled his senses to the brim. She smelled of sweetened rose petals, traces of magic, and the unmistakable scent of the Abyss catacombs. Darkness, stone and underground brook. Scents that had once used to repel him, but now only drew him in. What in the world am I doing? I have better self control than this. Step. Away. From her. Her breath on his lips was intoxicating; he could stand here all day, just drinking it in.With all of these sensations captured so neatly in his very skin and bones, he already had enough fuel for an eternity of sleepless nights, wondering what might have been in another life. Wondering what it might have been like to not only give, but to take. Something that was his to take. Someone  who— It will not work. Remember why it will not work. Do not do this to yourself. Do not do this to   her   .  Mustering all of his willpower, he straightened and raised his gaze above her head, once again staring out at the sky outside. The pegasus knight had disappeared, leaving only open air. Nothing to latch on to. He would need to create his own distraction.His hands moved to grip her upper arms, fully determined to push her away. A sharp inhalation from her told him she expected him to as well. Yet his muscles had stopped moving and wouldn’t start again.‘When you finally hold me in your arms—what will you whisper?’His grip faltered as he was taken in by a moment of weakness. Perhaps… there was still a possibility…He let his eyes fall closed, opening his mouth to speak. But before he could form any words, Constance spoke up instead.“Crow,” she whispered. In an instant, his eyes flew open. His fingers tensed around her arms, but this time, he had to stop himself from pushing her away. The word—the name—echoed through his mind, together with a myriad of possible responses suddenly flying in from all directions, spurred by some distant part of him that still remembered how to think tactically. This was it. This was a pivotal moment. He needed to stay calm. Rational. Clear-headed. And most of all, he needed to give her the impression that he was in complete control of the situation.Allowing himself just the barest inhalation of fresh oxygen into his lungs, he tightened his grip around her arms again.“So,” he began, keeping his voice perfectly level. “It seems we have finally passed the point of no return.”Constance stared into the front of Hubert’s uniform. She stared at her own hands, fingers fanning out across his chest. And she felt herself beginning to doubt.His voice as he spoke that simple sentence… had sounded completely calm and controlled. All traces of emotion, which she had clearly heard earlier by the pond (or had she?), were gone with the wind. The old Hubert was back, when that was the last thing she wanted.She had thought… She closed her eyes, thinking back to just a moment ago, when he had lowered his head enough that she could feel his breath puff against her lips. His thumb on her chin, gently guiding her head back… And the warmth of his body against her, firm and steady, a secure point in unfamiliar territory. For just a moment, she had allowed herself to imagine what it might be like to spend her life with him. What it might be like to walk side by side with Hubert von Vestra, fearless tactician and devoted vassal to the Empress herself. To further her research together with him, her tutor and lover… To walk Lady Edelgard’s path together with him… To fall asleep and wake up in his arms; to have him pamper her with the attention she craved...But then he had pulled back, and he had intended to push her away—she knew he had, without a shadow of a doubt. Afraid to lose the moment, to lose  him,  she had done the first thing that crossed her mind: she had called him by his other name.

And that had changed something.  Shattered something. She opened her eyes, pulling back just enough that she could look up into his face. He had his gaze fixed somewhere above her, but now he lowered it to meet hers. His eyes were cold and hard, his gaze firm and unrelenting. His hands still held her arms in a vice grip. Afraid to let her go—because he wanted to keep holding her, or because he was concerned she might escape with the truth about his identity if he released her?She stared up into his eyes, lost. That gaze was the gaze of Hubert von Vestra, clear-headed tactician. It was not the gaze of  her Hubert. Of Crow. What was his agenda now? Where was he planning to go from here?“... I,” she began, because she knew that she was supposed to say something in response, but she had no idea how to continue. Her voice trailed off, exchanged for silence again. His gaze bore into her. She swallowed as she felt his grip tighten around her arms.  ‘The point of no return’...  Did that mean…? Surely he valued her enough not to kill her over something like this? But something had clearly snapped in him when she spoke his secret name. She had worried that he would close himself off from her if she revealed her knowledge too soon, and once upon a time, she had even considered the possibility that he might kill her if his secret came out. But that had been a long time ago. Since then, a lot of things had changed, perhaps the most vital of all being the fact that he had all but confessed to harboring certain romantic feelings for her. Still… if he viewed her as a threat to him or to Lady Edelgard because of what she knew… and if they had truly crossed a line, gone past the point of no return...Her gaze flicked to the door behind him. She  might be able to take him by surprise and escape before he could react, but… was that truly what she wanted? Did she really want to believe that he intended to kill her, and possibly act prematurely as a consequence and ruin any last chance she had to convince him of her allegiance?The moment she saw him follow her gaze, however, she knew that she had already played her hand and lost. His serious expression changed into one of bitter disappointment, his mouth contorting as though he had just bitten into a sour apple.“Ah,” he said in a dry, sardonic voice. “Plotting escape routes, are we? It’s a look I know well. I just never thought I would see it on you.” He shook his head, letting out a scoff. “Clearly I misjudged.”Constance widened her eyes. “Wh—well what do you expect?!” she exclaimed, relieved to finally find her voice again. “If you insist on holding me prisoner like some brute, locking me in place as you utter such ominous words, should I simply stand by and hope for the best?! What sort of gullible, incapable simpleton do you view me as?”His hold of her relaxed slightly as something changed in his eyes again, although she wasn’t quite sure how to interpret it. “Holding you prisoner,” he repeated, his voice so low it was barely more than a rumble. “Just what do you think I am going to do with you?”Her heart jumped at the change in tone of voice. She felt her face warm quickly as she scrambled for a response. “I—well—hmph! If you don’t intend to assassinate me, then what in the world do you wish to convey by referring to ‘the point of no return’? What am I to think, hm?”Hubert raised an eyebrow. “Assassinate you.” He said it not quite as a question, but also not quite as a confirmation. His voice sounded surprised at the notion of assassination, which was more than a little odd considering his occupation. His hands fell away from her arms, and before she could react, he had taken a step back. When she met his eyes again, they were strangely empty. Dark, calm… but void of any emotion.“No,” he said. “I am not going to assassinate you. Neither do I intend to ‘hold you prisoner.’ But it would be in your best interests to pretend like this never happened.”Constance’s mouth very nearly fell open. What in the—“There will be no further exchange of letters between us,” he continued, already turning to face the door. “You will not contact me unless it is in official capacity, either as a commander in Her Majesty’s army or as a member of the Strike Force.”Instant, horrible realization shot through her like a burning arrow when she saw him raise a hand to open the door. She couldn’t let him leave now.“Hubert, wait!” she exclaimed desperately, stepping forward to grab his other hand. She could feel him freeze in her grip, but he didn’t shake her off, which had to mean that everything was not yet lost. “Do—do you remember what I told you about making accommodations? That is still true, you know!”She needed to make him see reason, and she needed to do it right now, before he left. There had clearly been a horrible misunderstanding. If she let him leave, he would get a chance to convince himself this truly was for the best; that he couldn’t be with her. And she could not have that.Hubert let out an amused exhalation, gently squeezing her hand. She swallowed. Even from an angle, she could see his mouth contort into a bitter smile.“Accommodations, you say?” he asked quietly.“Yes!”“Don’t be stupid.”The insult was shot back almost aggressively—without pause, without warning, without anything to soften the blow. Constance released his hand automatically, jerking her own hand back as though he had burned her. She pulled it to her, holding it close to her chest as she tried to process his response. A possible explanation for his reaction came to her almost immediately. Exhaling deeply, she raised her chin to gather courage.“You may call me stupid,” she replied firmly. “I know you well enough to see through your facade. I can see you for what you truly are. And what you are, Hubert von Vestra, is a man who is terrified of being loved unconditionally.”His shoulders tensed, and then they started to tremble. At first, she almost thought that she had made him cry, but then she heard quiet chuckling. The hand that had rested on the door knob dropped back to his side, and he glanced at her over his shoulder, smiling artificially.“Unconditionally?” he repeated. “There is no such thing as unconditional love, and certainly not from you.”She blinked at him. “I beg your pardon?” she asked, letting a hint of anger shine through in her voice. Even between the two of them, there existed a line, and he was very close to stepping over it.“Do I really need to spell it out?” He turned around to face her, his face revealing little more than the manufactured smile and some undefined emotion that was so restrained she couldn’t even identify it. “Very well,” he said. “Remind me again: Who are you, and what is your aim in life?”Constance slowly lowered her head as she took in his question, gazing cautiously into his eyes in an attempt to find a hint as to his intentions. He clearly had a purpose with this line of questioning, but she couldn’t see right away what it might be.“I am Constance von Nuvelle,” she said after a beat. “I strive to… to become the greatest mage in Fódlan.”“The greatest,” he repeated, eyes and facial expression revealing nothing whatsoever. “And would you ever settle for anything less?”She frowned. He… He couldn’t mean… But she would still be able to reach her goals by his side, wouldn’t she? She couldn’t see why being with him would stop her from continuing with her research.“What does this have to do with—”“Not just in your magical research,” he clarified, “but in life in general. You strive for the very best. To  be the very best. And so you would never settle for second place.” His gaze became firmer, sharper somehow, as he regarded her. “Would you?”Something about the decisiveness in his question made anger spark within her. She crossed her arms over her chest, raising her chin once again, but this time in defiance. “I fail to see the relevance of any of this.”Hubert’s lips twisted into a dark smirk. “My apologies,” he said, his voice taking on a sinister tone. “Let’s get to the heart of the matter, then. I live to serve Lady Edelgard. Everything I do, I do for her. She will always come first for me, no matter what. So tell me, Constance.” He leaned forward, almost as in a bow, until their faces were nearly level in height. “Could you live with being number two?”This time, his question hit home immediately. She took a step back without even thinking, half stumbling, trying not to reveal her emotions on her face as she processed the meaning behind his words. 

The images she had previously allowed herself to dream up—of walking side by side with him through life, of waking up and spending long mornings in his arms, and of being adored and pampered by the man who struck fear into the hearts of even hardened Imperial soldiers—one by one, they phased out of existence, dropping into a dark and unrelenting abyss in the inner crevices of her mind. Of course he wouldn’t be able to spend his mornings holding her in bed. Of course he wouldn’t pamper her with all the attention she had imagined and longed for. That attention would always be aimed somewhere else—at  someone else. Not necessarily out of love, or romantic love at least, but nevertheless out of complete and pure devotion. But…

But…!…She ransacked her brain for a reason, just any reason, why his devotion to Lady Edelgard would not be an issue for her if she and Hubert were to marry. She was certain there  existed reasons; reasons she could accept as her own and refer to if ever she were to doubt his love for her. But at the moment, she could think of none—and even if she had, would it be the right thing to do?She stared at Hubert, who had straightened again. His smile had faded, and he now looked almost bored as he waited for her to say something. Was he truly that indifferent to all of this? Did he truly not care for the outcome…?Finally, when she had been silent for long enough that he seemed to realize he would receive no answer, he shook his head.“And this,” he said simply, “is why our relationship will be strictly professional from here on out, and why you should forget anything you ever thought you felt for me.”He turned around, once again bringing his hand to the door knob, and Constance couldn’t move a muscle. Even as he turned the knob and opened the door a notch, she stood frozen in the middle of the room, gaze darting erratically across his back as she tried to rack her brain for a solution. But had he not hit the nail exactly on the head? Had he not accurately and succinctly put the issue into words, just like he tended to do with all things? An issue that she had never even considered, but that she now wondered whether he had always had in the back of his mind, keeping him forever at an arm’s length from her as he forbade himself from coming too close to a woman who would never be satisfied with what he had to give.A superficial, selfish woman who never imagined that someone she loved could want anything but her.Hubert didn’t even look over his shoulder when he walked out through the doorway; nor did he say a word before closing the door behind him. And Constance—horrible, selfish Constance—didn’t try to run after him when she heard his footsteps move away before fading completely.She didn’t know how she got to the bed, but somehow she found herself sitting there, staring apathetically at a dark spot in the wooden planks on the floor. Wondering how she could have missed something so obvious. Wondering how long Hubert had been thinking about this. Wondering if there was a solution, and if so, how she was going to find it.And how, if she did, she was ever going to make Hubert trust her enough to allow her a chance to prove it to him.

“Hello, Constance! You’re looking lovely as always. Whatcha got there?”Yuri looked up from his infernal stack of papers—courtesy of Hubert von Vestra—and watched as Sylvain took a seat opposite Constance by the table on the other side of the classroom. She was leaning forward over an open book, head resting in her palms as she stared apathetically at the pages—a position she’d been sitting in for well over half an hour now without making a sound or, for that matter, turning a page. Ever since they started making a habit out of working in the same room, he’d become familiar with the sound of her quill scritching eagerly against parchment, but now, he hadn’t heard it in a good long while.“Seems interesting,” Sylvain continued when she didn’t answer. “This is the same book you were reading last time I checked, I think. And… the same page?”She didn’t even look up. Sylvain glanced in Yuri’s direction, who shrugged hopelessly. He didn’t know any more than the nobleman did. Over a month had passed now since Constance first started behaving strangely—almost like her depressive self, but somehow even worse than that—and while both Yuri and Hapi had tried to cheer her up, along with Sylvain from time to time, they barely got a response out of her. Recently, it had gotten even worse. These days she didn’t even seem to notice their presence. Watching Sylvain try to pry a reaction out of her was almost painful.“I was wondering if you could help me with a dark spell I’m trying to figure out,” Sylvain tried. “Hapi said she didn’t know the maths, but since you have a firm grasp of magic theory, I was thinking maybe you could point me in the right direction?”Clever man. If anything could rouse her, it would be her magical research. But even now, there was no response for a long moment, until Sylvain grew bold and scooted a hand onto the page she was currently staring at.“Stop that,” she murmured, but she didn’t make any move to push him away. “I’m reading.”Yuri’s eyebrows knitted together. That was the strangest thing about all of this: how her depressive self in the sunlight would always talk herself down, but this Constance could still stand up for herself—however impassively.“I could really use your help though. Pretty please?”“No.”Yuri groaned quietly, pushing himself up from his seat and striding over to the other table. This really had gone on long enough now.“Thank you, Sylvain,” he said, causing the other man to withdraw his hand and look up at Yuri. “I think I have an idea. You can go.”The redhead sighed, but he got up from the table, patting Yuri on the back before starting toward the door. “Good luck.”He looked after him as he sauntered out of the room. Then he gestured toward the doorway, conjuring a gust of wind that made the two heavy doors slam shut. Constance didn’t even blink at the sound.“Hey,” he said, leaning in over her table and supporting his weight with his palms as he tried to read her face. “You know you can talk to me, right?”No reaction except a quick flicker of her eyelids as she blinked. She really was going to make this as hard as humanly possible for him, huh?“I don’t want to be a pain for you, but if you don’t tell me what’s going on, I’ll have no choice.”Still nothing. Alright, time to turn it up a notch. Leaning forward on his elbows, he shifted his weight onto only one of them so that he could reach up to brush a loose curl of hair behind her ear. Following an impulse, he paused to caress her chin with his thumb on the way back—causing her pupils to dart over to his face. Jackpot.“You know,” he said in a lower voice, “the old offer still stands, if you need help to unwind. You still have the key, don’t you?”Her gaze quickly moved away again, but this time, it was focusing on her hands, which had fallen to rest on top of the book in front of her. But this was good. This was progress. Just another tiny push, and he might actually get a reaction out of her.He gripped her chin and gently guided her face toward him, giving her a soft smirk as she once again steered her gaze in his direction. This next bit definitely meant stepping over a few lines, but he figured he’d ask for forgiveness rather than permission in this particular case.“There’s no reason to suspect an ambush at the moment,” he said. “So you wouldn’t have to keep your armor on this time.”Just as he’d hoped, the reaction was instantaneous. Her eyes widened as a soft gasp slipped out of her mouth, and then her cheeks promptly became a bright red color. One of her hands flew up to slap his hand away from her face.“What are you insinuating?! Do you even hear the filth coming out of your mouth? This is beyond inappropriate, even for you!” There’s my Shady Lady!  Grinning, he pushed himself up from the table and slid into the seat opposite her. “So you can still talk after all. Come on, Constance. Spit it out. What’s troubling you, friend?”She blinked at him, seeming only now to realize that his trap had snapped shut behind her. “Ah—that’s…” Trailing off, she lowered her head and stared down into the book. “It’s none of your concern.”“It damn well is,” he said. “I care about you, you know. You’ve been off for over a month, and I miss my little ray of sunshine.”At the last word, she froze. Yuri made a mental note of it, studying her face as she clearly tried her best to hide her instinctive reaction. Her jaws clenched together tightly and her gaze fixed itself to her hands, which had balled into fists on top of the book now.Sunshine… was that significant somehow? He frowned as he tried to remember. It was, wasn’t it? He’d seen it somewhere, long ago...‘To Miss Sunshine of Abyss’.Yeah. That was it. The very first letter.Yuri huffed in disbelief, leaning forward across the table. “This is about Crow, yeah?”Just like that, her gaze flicked up to his face before returning to her hands again. She had never been good at hiding her reactions; it was almost comical. But he wasn’t exactly about to complain now.Of course it was Crow, her secret romance over the past five or so years. Now that he knew, he felt like an idiot for not having figured it out sooner. “So what happened?” he asked, determined to get to the bottom of this issue now that he finally had a clue after being kept so long in the dark. He tried to remember if he’d seen the wolf lately, but he couldn’t be sure. “He hasn’t replied to your letters?”Constance sighed heavily, a likely sign that she was about to give in. She shook her head. “You couldn’t even begin to understand.”“Try me.”He met her gaze and held it firmly. Whatever this was, he would get her through it. She looked at him, clearly unsure whether to entrust him with her secret or not. He was prepared to fight her on it, but to his surprise, she eventually brought out her fan and started fanning herself with it. A nervous tell that, again, revealed that she was probably about to spill.“If I revealed his identity to you, would you protect his secret?” she asked, glancing furtively toward the doors.Yuri raised his eyebrows. This was getting juicier by the minute. “That depends on how much you’re willing to pay me.” When she scoffed, he added, “Kidding. Of course I’ll keep it a secret. So does that mean  you know who he is? Because that’s news to me.”“I’ve had my suspicions for a while,” she admitted, laying down her fan on the table. “But it was recently confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt.” She took a deep breath. “It’s… It’s Hubert.”“Hubert!” He couldn’t stop himself from scoffing. “The same man who draws a knife if you so much as glance at Edelgard? The man who apparently murdered his own father in cold blood?”“The very same,” she said quietly, averting her eyes.He stared at her, looking for any kind of tell, but there was none.  Fuck me sideways. Constance was romantically involved with an honest-to-goddess assassin. Somehow, he’d expected this Crow guy to be… well… less Hubert-like. He’d imagined a refined nobleman who dabbled in the dark arts out of curiosity, maybe, not the slippery pet assassin of the Empress. For all he knew, the man drank blood for breakfast. How the hell had Hubert managed to charm someone like Constance? Maybe she has a thing for sadists. He had to bite back a laugh as he had that thought. Maybe he should try to be less thoughtful around her? He’d already made an effort to change for her once—he might as well do it again.But he was getting ahead of himself.“Uh. Alright,” he said, trying to get his thoughts back on track. “And now there’s trouble in paradise?”Constance hid her face in her hands and whined. Under different circumstances, he might have pointed out how cute she was. “I am the one at fault,” she said in a voice muffled by her own hands. “He told me that Lady Edelgard will always come first, and asked me if I could live with coming second, and I… I completely blanked.” She lowered her hands, revealing a face streaked with tears. “He ended it, Yuri. He told me to forget him and everything that I feel for him. But how can I? I love him. Never in a million years would I have thought that I could love Hubert, but I do. I love him a great much. What am I to do?”Holy hell. How long had this been going on without his knowledge?Going on his gut instinct, Yuri got up from his seat and moved over to her side, sitting down next to her with one leg on either side of the bench. Then he pulled her into his arms, holding her against his chest as she let out a loud sob. He’d thought he had a fairly good idea of where he had Constance and her secret penpal, but this new development had clearly passed him by completely. Even the fact that she loved Crow was news to him.“That’s horrible,” he murmured against the top of her head as she sobbed again. He pulled her a little closer, stroking her arm in an attempt to comfort her. “I’m so sorry that happened to you. And I’m sorry I didn’t know.”His words only seemed to make her cry harder, so he decided he should probably shut up. Instead, he simply held her through it, using the time to try to come up with a way forward. She clearly did love Hubert, despite his disposition; breaking them up was not an option at this point. But how could he help her? It made complete and total sense that Hubert would choose Edelgard over anyone else, so there was nothing to do about that part.But… maybe...“Hey,” he said softly when the stretches of time between her sobs became long enough that he dared to speak again. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but to me it sounds like he practically offered you the position as his number two?”She snivelled in his arms. She looked up at him then, her nose and eyebrows scrunched together toward the middle of her face as she considered his question. He squeezed her harder against his chest.  Fuck, she’s cute.  Even with makeup running down her face together with her tears, and probably some snot mixed in too, Constance von Nuvelle was charming as ever.“Whatever do you mean?” she asked, followed by a sniff.“I mean, from what it sounds like, he outright  asked you  how you would feel about being the second most important person in his life. Why would he ask something like that if he didn’t have a vested interest in it? Knowing Hubert, I don’t think he’d even consider it if he didn’t already love you. He’s testing the waters, is what I think.”Slowly, her facial expression smoothed out. “Testing the waters,” she repeated quietly.“Yeah. He wants to find out whether he’d have a shot with you. I think we can be pretty sure that your love for him is requited.” Constance shook her head, snivelling all the while. Her perfectly manicured hands clasped his arm. “Even were that the case, what does it matter? What difference does it make when the fact remains that he is correct? I couldn’t stand being anything but the best.”“Hear me out,” he said softly, brushing a loose curl of hair out of her face and tucking it behind her ear. “Hubert’s first choice will always be Edelgard. Realistically, there’s no changing that. So under those circumstances, and considering who he is, doesn’t second place still sound pretty damn special?”Eyebrows pulling together again, she lowered her head to stare at the books and candles on the table next to them. Yuri stroked her arm as he waited for her to process his question. Part of him—a childishly naive and selfish part—wanted her to deny it; to argue that no, she needed to be all of the stars in her lover’s sky; at which he’d chime in that she  could be, only not to the man she was currently crying over. There was someone else in her life who would choose her over everyone else in a heartbeat, and if she only took a moment to ask herself who, he was sure she’d figure it out.But he pushed that part of himself away, locking it in a mental dungeon and taking care to throw away the key.“What I’m saying is,” he continued, if only to fill the silence so his thoughts wouldn’t suffocate him, “that being Hubert’s number two is practically the same as being his number one. When you think about it, he’d never be your number one either. For him, Edelgard will always come first; for you, that same place is occupied by your aim to become the best mage there ever was and restore your noble title. We all have something we’d never be willing to give up for anyone else. Hubert’s number one just throws you off because it’s another woman.”“Hm,” Constance exhaled after another beat. “You make a good point.”“Don’t I always?” he asked with a smirk. She pulled out of his arms, taking a moment to wipe away the tears and traces of makeup from her cheeks before taking a deep breath. One of her hands nervously gripped the fan again, tapping it against the table. “I need a walk to clear my head,” she announced as she stood up on shaky legs. “The oppressive air down here is suffocating my rational mind.”He leaned an elbow against the table, smiling softly as he watched her carefully run her hands over her hair in an attempt to get her curls in order. She might still not be quite her old self, but at least he’d brought her back to some kind of normalcy. He deserved a prize.Maybe he’d settle for a glass of wine at the inn. He could always  try  to drown the inner voice that kept cursing at him for leading the woman he loved right into the arms of another man.She was halfway to the doors when she paused and looked over her shoulder, her curls bouncing against her back as she placed one hand by her waist. The pose could have been suggestive under different circumstances. “I thank you for this, Yuri. You’re more useful than I’ve given you credit for.”His smile froze. Well, shit. She was right: he’d really acted against his own self-interest this time. It wasn’t like him. Not like him at all. Not wanting her to read something off his face that he wasn’t ready to share, he got up and turned away from her, making a dismissive hand gesture as he headed back toward his own table. “Better leave now before I get too smug.”Not until he’d heard the doors shut behind her did he allow himself to relax and exhale in a deep sigh. He was going to regret this for the rest of his damn life, wasn’t he?As soon as she left the catacombs of Abyss and the sky opened up before her, she felt an indescribable sensation of relief. What met her was a lovely, clear night, with the stars glittering down at her from above amidst the silence of a Garreg Mach that was fast asleep. It was like coming up to the surface after being stuck down in the dark, cold deep for so long that she had begun to suffocate under the pressure. Once again, Yuri had managed to pull her back from a hopelessly difficult situation. But then, she supposed that was what he did for a living—and he did it well.To think that he had so easily seen something in Hubert’s behavior that she had managed to miss completely. Now that she had some perspective, it was as obvious to her as the fact that the sun would keep rising every morning: Hubert loved her, but he didn’t dare to believe that she truly loved him back. He challenged her and pushed her away because it was much easier than confronting the truth.Well, those days were over. She was done falling for his games. Yuri was right: being Hubert’s number two would be  extraordinarily special, and she deserved no less than extraordinary.Filling her lungs with the crisp night air, Constance felt better than she had in a long time. Perhaps she should see if she could find Hubert? She had always assumed him to be the kind to stay up late, whether it be in the faint light of a candle as he wrote her a carefully crafted letter, or under the protection of the moon as he carried out some nefarious deed that would benefit Lady Edelgard. Such an affinity for the darkness suited her perfectly. She could see the two of them staying up late into the night together as a married couple; working in complete and focused silence for several hours, perhaps interrupted by the occasional kiss or embrace before they returned to their respective duties—or perhaps, if she permitted herself to imagine a scene from the very wildest of her dreams, permanently interrupted by a fervent kiss as he failed to keep himself from her, leading inadvertently into the most passionate of acts…Even under the cover of darkness, and completely alone on the paths winding through the outer parts of Garreg Mach, Constance felt herself blush, the warmth creeping down across her neck and all the way to her chest. Imagining such things was absolutely improper, especially considering that they were still far from being the happy married couple she was dreaming of. First things first—before any of that, I need to convince him of my commitment.But perhaps doing so right this moment would not be such a good idea after all; not in this shape, with her having turned herself into a flustered mess of a human being.“... you are...”She stopped abruptly. The faint voice—which most definitely sounded like Hubert himself—had come from her left, and while she couldn’t completely dismiss the idea that her creative mind had conjured the voice from nothing, she also couldn’t keep herself from investigating.After casting a wind spell to make her steps lighter and less audible, she carefully made her way forward, following the faint glow from a street light somewhere close by. The sound of voices led her to a low stone mound looking out over a half-lit pathway on the level below. She crouched down, taking in the dusky scene. Three people stood to one side of the pathway, and she immediately recognized them all.  “... wasn’t expecting you just yet.”It was the voice of Lady Edelgard. She stood next to Byleth, both of them turned toward Hubert, who seemed to have only just arrived.The area where Constance hid was dark enough that they shouldn’t be able to spot her, but just in case, she used her magic to carefully adjust the way that the sparse light fell on her. That should definitely shield her from their view; if they looked in her direction, they should only see thick darkness.“Apologies, Your Majesty,” Hubert said, bowing deeply. “I just received some truly shocking news concerning Arianrhod.”“Oh?”Arianrhod… The fortress city known as the Silver Maiden, and the very last location conquered by the Adrestian army. Constance had been too depressed to come with, but she had heard that the operation had been an absolute success.“It is said that pillars of light have rained from the heavens and disintegrated large parts of the city.”“What—disintegrated?” Edelgard asked, horror and disbelief shining through in her voice. Constance’s fingers curled against the cold stones of the mound, feeling dread rise in her chest as the same word echoed through her mind—along with the phrase  ‘pillars of light’.  Hadn’t she heard that somewhere before…?“They descended from above and exploded in the middle of the city,” Hubert reported, “completely destroying the main building and the entirety of the north wall. About a third of our men are unaccounted for, and several key people within House Rowe were killed.” What?  Constance found herself shaking her head in denial. What in the world could have achieved something to that effect? She couldn’t even imagine… an entire city,  disintegrated?  Not even magic could achieve that kind of power… or could it?“It can’t be,” Edelgard said in an unsteady voice. “Hubert—the investigation you made into the legend of Ailell, the Valley of Torment… This is likely what took place back then as well.”“Yes... The probability is high.”“The same thing happened in the past?” Byleth asked, causing Hubert to turn fully toward him.“It is said that javelins of light once fell from the sky there, piercing the earth and setting the forest ablaze. We used to believe it may have been the work of the goddess, but… it was actually an attack by those who slither in the dark. The most likely cause is magic; an ancient and forbidden art. Perhaps channeled through a magical weapon of some kind.” He turned back to Edelgard, giving a low bow. “Lady Edelgard. I believe it will be paramount to control the flow of this information.”“Yes. We’ll keep this between the three of us for the time being. For now, we will blame the attack on the Church.” She glanced over her shoulder. “Make sure that no one else has heard our conversation.”“Yes, Your Majesty,” he said.Then he disappeared in a cloud of elder magic. With a jolt, Constance pushed herself away from the mound, holding her breath when she heard gravel rustle beneath her feet as she tried to get away from the scene. If he was carrying out a control of their surroundings, he would surely—It happened so fast that she could barely even understand what happened until it was already too late. A shape materialized to her left, a spell fired in her direction, and when she reflexively dodged out of the way and tried to cast an ice spell in defense, barely visible tendrils of elder magic darted out of the darkness, grabbing her and slamming her into the nearby wall. Next thing she knew, she was crushed firmly against the wall with her wrists locked in a vice grip above her head and the side of a blade pressed against her throat. She could barely discern the facial features of her attacker, but she didn’t need to. “Hubert,” she whispered, trying to stay as still as possible out of fear that her throat would be slit if she so much as trembled. Her head was forced back because of the blade, and she could barely breathe as it was.He made a sound that sounded like a mixture of a hiss and a growl, blade only barely moving from its nook so that it wasn’t pressing up against her windpipe quite as firmly anymore. But, she noted with a pang, he didn’t remove it completely.“You,” he hissed. “What are  you doing here?”She stared up at the starry sky, eyes wide as she tried to catch her breath without moving too much. His grip around her wrists was so tight that she was already beginning to lose sensation in her hands, and the length of his body pressing against hers didn’t make it any less difficult to collect herself.She was not supposed to be here. She was not supposed to even  speak  to him. A month had passed, nearly without seeing him at all, and this was not how she had wanted their next meeting to play out. Her mind was drawn back to what he had told Edelgard. ‘It will be paramount to control the flow of this information.’  If he determined her to be a threat to the plans of the Empress…She carefully lowered her head, waiting to see what he would do, and to her relief, the blade gave way somewhat to allow her to look at him. A faint glow—perhaps from his magic, its power still emanating from his hands—illuminated his face enough that she could look him in the eyes. There was no empathy there; no doubt; no hesitation; and barely even any recognition. If anything, there was only anger. But, for some reason, he was holding himself back. Swallowing hard, she gathered courage to force out the question that was burning at the front of her mind.“Are—are you going to kill me?” she asked, her voice a weak whisper.She might have imagined it, but she believed she could see a muscle twitch in his face, followed by his jaws clenching together.  Is he considering it...? He had made perfectly clear where he stood. If he ended her life here, she couldn’t exactly blame him. She had listened in on a highly sensitive conversation between him and Lady Edelgard, and been too engulfed to even consider what might happen if she stayed for too long. If her curiosity became the end of her, so be it. At least it would be at the hands of the man she loved.Hubert gritted his teeth. “Constance,” he began slowly, holding her gaze in a clear message that he needed her to listen closely to what he had to say. She held her breath, waiting. When he continued, his voice had a deathly serious tone to it. “You will speak of what you heard just now to no one.  No one. Is that clear?”She nodded cautiously, not quite certain that she had heard him correctly. Did that mean… he was letting her go…?“You do not have all of the pieces for this puzzle,” he continued in the same low voice, “and I need you to swear not to attempt to find and assemble them. The entirety of Fódlan is at stake. You  cannot allow your curiosity to run away with you, or you will risk jeopardizing everything. This is something I cannot emphasize enough.”“I understand,” she whispered, knowing that it was her only way out of this. He needed to convince himself that sparing her life wouldn’t endanger Lady Edelgard’s plans. And if that meant that she had to say what he wanted to hear, without knowing just yet whether it was something she could follow through or not...“Do you?” he asked, adding more pressure to the blade. “You understand that if you fail to comply with this request, I  will  kill you?”She leaned her head back, staring up at the sky once again. If she failed to comply, and he was correct that in doing so she would jeopardize their entire operation, him killing her would be the least of their problems. But she couldn’t simply forget about what she had just learned. She was certain that she recognized it from somewhere… Something about this event—about pillars of light descending on the lands—was familiar, and it was vital that she figure out why.But first, she had to convince Hubert that he could trust her.“I understand,” she said again, meeting his gaze. “Truly. I swear on my life. You can place your faith in me.”He let out another hiss before closing his eyes, breathing in and out through his nose as if to calm himself. She searched his face, trying to read what she could from his expression, but he had managed to reign in his emotions completely. What faced her now was just a blank slate. She had an idea what he was thinking, however. He didn’t want to trust her. He didn’t consider her trustworthy. And yet...After what felt like the longest moment in her life, he opened his eyes again. He lowered her wrists in front of her chest and released his grip, and then he removed the blade and took a step back to slip it into one of his sleeves. Constance let out a shaky breath and slumped against the wall.“You and I both know that nothing and no one can convince you to step down from a challenge,” Hubert said. “Even on the off chance that you mean it at the moment, I have no doubt that you will change your mind as soon as the threat of death is no longer looming over you. But if you do piece something together, come find me immediately. Do not trust anyone else with the information. Can you at least swear that?”She stared into the dark space in front of her. Even if Hubert’s hands had still been glowing, he was not nearly close enough for it to have made any discernible difference: his body was only a vague outline to her now. And perhaps that was for the best, since it must mean that he couldn’t see her face either. She didn’t want him to see the shame in her eyes.“Yes,” she murmured. “I swear.”At least, she felt like this promise was one she could keep. She saw no reason to share any potential findings with anyone else than Hubert. And apparently, he finally believed her, because she could see a faint glow start around his hands again.“Good. Enjoy the rest of your night.”Before she could get even a single word out in response, the glowing elder magic engulfed him completely, and in the next second, he was gone. She let out a low whine, massaging her wrists as she sank to the ground. There was no doubt that she would find bruises around them come morning.But I am still alive. I survived a near assassination by Hubert von Vestra.At least she knew the truth now: Hubert truly did love her. Why else would he spare her life, when he didn’t even fully trust her? Had she been anyone else, he would have killed her without hesitation. She was certain of it. After allowing herself another moment to breathe and come to terms with what had just happened, Constance steered her steps for Abyss. She was one hundred percent certain that she had heard of pillars of light before, and if her hunch was correct, she should even have notes on it in her desk still.She ran to the women’s quarters straight away, unlocking the top drawer of her desk and rummaging through the papers tucked in there. Most were notes on spells she had invented, but she could faintly remember storing some of the texts she had found in the shadow library. She didn’t consider it stealing, since the texts she had taken with her were definitely better off in her care anyway—and if anyone asked, she would naturally return them to the library.There were so many unsorted papers that she had to go through the pile three times before she found what she was searching for. Then, a loopy title on the top of a page caught her attention. She carefully pulled it out, taking in the handwritten words above the three paragraphs of printed text on a single torn page:  Romance of the World’s Perdition.  Her heart raced in her chest as she scanned the page for the words she remembered first reading so many years ago.In the land of Thinis, where the old gods are said to live, the False God has awakened. Its looming, heteromorphic vessel was resurrected to sink the world to the depths of the ocean. It will bring extinction to all children of men, and salvation to all beasts of the land, sky, and sea. For the children of men who spilled too much blood of life, it promises only cruel retribution.The False God must be defeated before the world sinks into a watery grave. To this end, the children of men have erected pillars of light upon the land. Thinis, Malum, Septen, and Llium were utterly destroyed. Those lands have vanished from this world. Yet even still, the False God stands. And soon, a flood aptly named Despair will drown this world.The children of men fled to the depths of the earth, beyond sight of the False God, beyond the embrace of the sacred sun, and beyond the reach of the waters of Despair. They swore a fervent oath of revenge against the surface world, ruled by beasts, and against their tormenter, the False God.There it was.  Pillars of light. The same phrase used by Hubert earlier. Could it simply be a coincidence...?The first time that she had read the page, she had not known nearly enough to be able to put its contents into perspective. And yet, something about it had piqued her interest even then, and she was infinitely grateful to her past self for her excellent intuition in that regard.She brought the text—along with quill, ink and one of her notebooks—down to Yuri’s secret room, relieved to see that he was absent. She would need all the singular focus she could get tonight.

Constance had lost count of how many laps she had paced around the deeper parts of Abyss in the past hour. Keeping her eyes fixed to the ground, she had walked and walked and walked, the heels of her shoes clicking and clacking against the rough stone as she placed one foot in front of the other over and over again, her thoughts spinning wildly.I can take this no longer. I need to go find him.At the next intersection of pathways, she turned left instead of right, finally steering off her beaten path. She doubted the sun had yet to rise, but if she had to burst in on him while he was sleeping, then so be it. As she strode decisively across Burrow Street and up the first set of stairs, she once again went through what she could remember from her letter. She had sent it over an hour ago, trusting that sending a message with Crow would be the safest way to communicate with Hubert at this point in time. But even after having waved the wolf and her conclusions in the letter goodbye, she had been completely incapable of letting them go.‘This text is referring to the dark faction of elder mages responsible for the kidnappings, the blood magic and the murder of the professor’s father. It is referring to those who murdered the citizens of Arianrhod, right after our troops had been there. You called them “those who slither in the dark”... They are elder mages, just like you, and they despise the Church, just as you do.’Her analysis of  Romance of the World’s Perdition  and interpretation of what she had heard by the outer walls had taken all night, and for every new clue she had managed to unravel, she had become more and more alarmed. Little details that had made little sense five years ago now came together and painted a concerning image that could quite possibly change  everything.‘Yesterday, I heard about your liege’s plans to tell the others that the Church is to blame for the attack. With everything else that I have found in mind, one could easily imagine that the two of you might be in liaison with those who slither in the dark.’A new burst of anxiety welled up in her chest. Even while wanting to have faith in him, she couldn’t ignore the implications of what she had learned in the past few hours. How much of what he had told her in the margins of  The Compendium,  and later in the letters he had so carefully crafted for her, had been true? She had questioned him and his allegiances before, at which he had firmly denied any connection with Flayn’s kidnappers. But the coincidences were lining up a little too perfectly at this point.Still, she wanted to have faith in him. She wanted to believe that he had good reasons for keeping the truth from her. ‘Tell me the truth, Crow. You once told me that you had no connection to the faction of dark mages responsible for the kidnapping and the murder. Do you still stand by that? Or are you—dare I say it—involved with those who slither in the dark?’There had been so many opportunities for him to kill or silence her at this point. She had been eating out of the palm of his hand for so long, and yet he had never actually tried to harm her or force her into acting against her own will. If he was truly on the side of those who slither in the dark, why would he let her roam free after everything he had told her—and especially after what she had heard last night?She had to hope that there was an explanation for this. And assuming that there was, her findings held yet another disturbing truth which could prove vital to him and Lady Edelgard. So either way, she simply  needed to find him as soon as possible.She stepped out beneath the open sky, which was only just beginning to show threads of color from the rising sun by the horizon. Her feet steered her toward the upper floor of the dormitories, where she had to assume Hubert was still dwelling even five years after their time at the academy had come to an abrupt end. She knew that Edelgard had moved to the archbishop’s old bedroom, but as far as she could recall, there was no other bedroom near hers that Hubert would have been able to occupy.As she climbed the staircase, she thought back to what he told her last night. He had said that she did not have ‘all of the pieces’, and that if she attempted to find and assemble them, the entirety of Fódlan could be at stake. He had made her swear to come to him immediately with anything she found. And this was, in effect, the only thing that had stopped her from going to Yuri first. Because clearly, Hubert trusted her enough to allow her to come to her own conclusions, and to have faith that she would confront him with them before she made any hasty decisions based on her findings. If he could have such faith in her, she owed it to him to at least offer him a chance to explain and defend himself from her accusations. She owed him the benefit of the doubt.But oh, the doubt…!Completely ignoring the fact that there might be others sleeping in the rooms nearby, she stomped up to Hubert’s door and began to dunk the side of her fist against it. “Hubert!” she said firmly, knocking again when there was neither a response nor any sign of movement from within. “If you are in there, open up.”Everything around her was very silent, standing in stark contrast with the storm that raged inside her. Shaking some tension out of her elbows and arms, she raised her hands to her sides and called on her lightning magic, then reached out with her senses for Hubert’s presence nearby. She could identify human figures in a couple of other rooms, but the room in front of her seemed empty.With a frustrated exclamation, she turned on her heel and began to make her way down the same direction from whence she had come. Was she truly supposed to wait until he could receive, read and reply to her letter? Depending on where he was, that might be hours—or even days—from now! She couldn’t wait that long to deliver her findings or to interrogate him on his intentions. As she once again stepped out into the fresh morning air, another possibility hit her. If anyone knew where Hubert was, it would be Lady Edelgard.Only her utter determination to find the truth no matter the consequences stopped her from doubting herself as she made her way toward the audience chamber. If she informed the Empress of why she needed to find Hubert immediately, she would surely understand—perhaps even thank her for her great service to Adrestia. So when the guards posted outside the door to the advisory room blocked her path, she held her head high, placing her hands by her hips as she met their hard gazes.“I need to speak to Lady Edelgard. It is a matter of most urgency!”One of the guards, his helmet covering most of his face and keeping his expression hidden from her view, shook his head firmly. “I’m sorry, ma’am. You will have to wait until Her Majesty is free.”“And when might that be?”“I couldn’t say, ma’am.”“Argh!” She fixed her gaze to the other guard, who froze, his shoulders promptly rising up almost to his ears. Aha—a less experienced soldier, if she had to guess. Perhaps he would be easier to convince. “You! What is your name?”“M-mine?” he asked, practically jumping out of his shoes at the shock of being addressed directly. She nodded, at which he stammered out, “D-Davis, ma’am!”“Davis,” she repeated, ignoring the suspicious look given to her by the other guard. “Do you know who I am?”The man stared at her, his mouth falling slightly open as he blinked at her, no doubt about to panic that he didn’t have an answer.“Er—yes, of course, I—”“Good,” she said. “Then you know that I am Constance von Nuvelle, one of Her Majesty’s most esteemed personal mages. She sent me out on a covert mission to gather sensitive information that will be vital to the future success of the Adrestian Empire in this war. What do you think Her Majesty—or, better yet, Lord von Vestra—will say when they find out that you stopped me from delivering this essential piece of information to her?”Even if they didn’t recognize  her,  Hubert’s name most certainly must carry some weight around here. She knew that the rumor of him assassinating his own father had spread like wildfire among the soldiers in the Imperial army.“Ah!” Davis exclaimed, glancing furtively at his colleague. “My apologies, Miss—”“Her Majesty has informed us of no such thing,” the other guard said decisively, at which Constance sighed theatrically and turned back to face him again.“Perhaps she simply expected you to know better than to stop her very own personal mage from entering the advisory room? Hm?”Finally, even the more experienced guard looked somewhat insecure, his hand sliding a few centimeters down along the lance he had held so proudly before. “Constance von Nuvelle, was it?”She gave a firm nod, and he mumbled something below his breath before continuing, “I have heard the name mentioned by Her Majesty before. Alright then, you can go in, but no foolish tricks now, you hear?”“Ugh! You dare insult me with such an affront? Your superiors shall hear about this; on that you may rely!”He looked away with his jaw clenched, offering no reply. With an eye roll, she tucked away her fan and pushed the doors open. She may no longer carry the name of a noble house, but it pleased her to know that she could still successfully play the part of an exalted noblewoman.And the idea of carrying the title of Lady Edelgard’s personal mage… It had a certain ring to it, didn’t it?Lady Edelgard stood in the middle of the room, facing the group of sofas to the left, which was hidden from Constance’s view from the angle of the doors. The Empress frowned as she caught sight of her.“Oh—what in the world are you doing here at this hour?”Constance paused. Seeing Her Majesty in the flesh and clearly agitated by her presence caused her to waver somewhat. But she couldn’t turn back now—she needed to find Hubert as soon as possible.“Your Majesty, do you know where Hubert is?” she asked, opting not to waste valuable time with pleasantries. When she saw the beginning of a dismissal take shape on Edelgard’s lips, apparent from the expression on her face, she made a split-second decision to continue. “I know about those who slither in the dark, and I hold vital information concerning their organization.”The effect was instantaneous. Edelgard’s eyes widened, whatever she had meant to say seemingly evaporating from her mind. Taking a step toward her, she glanced over her shoulder before forcefully whispering, “Constance! This is not the time—”“Lady Edelgard, surely you aren't dismissing someone for my sake?”A man stepped into view beside the Empress, coming from the direction of the sofas—and Edelgard instantly fell silent.“Oh!” Constance said, throwing a hand over her mouth. The man had straight brown hair at shoulder-length, combed backward to reveal a stern expression with a well-groomed moustache and beard adorning his face. Clad in an exquisite white and red robe, he clearly came from a noble family of high status.“My apologies,” she continued, already backing away toward the door. “I was not aware that you had a visitor, Your Majesty. How presumptuous of me! I shall leave right this instant.”“Nonsense,” the man said with a wry smile. “You clearly came here with an important matter. Please, stay.”Constance cautiously looked between him and Edelgard, whose jaw was clenched so hard that she would surely have a horrible headache later. Clearly, this was an inopportune moment.  Who is this man? Did he hear what I said…? If she had gone against Hubert’s wishes not only by speaking to Lady Edelgard, but also to a stranger… Then she did not even dare to think what he might do to her.“Edelgard,” the man said, inclining his head to the Empress. “Shouldn’t you introduce us?”Lady Edelgard did not so much as glance at him. Placing one hand by her hip, she gestured wearily toward her visitor with the other. “This is Lord Volkhard von Arundel,” she said. “Regent of the Empire. And… my uncle.”Constance turned to appraise Lord Arundel again. Lady Edelgard’s uncle? Then why did she treat him with so little respect? Was it possible that the Empress’ annoyance was merely a consequence of Constance’s sudden appearance; had she interrupted something personal, perhaps?“Lord Arundel,” she said with a bow. “Please forgive my rude manners. My name is Constance von Nuvelle, of House Nuvelle. It is a pleasure to meet you, my Lord.”“The pleasure is mine,” he said, inclining his head as he raised one arm to his chest in a noble greeting. “I have heard great things about you, Lady von Nuvelle. My niece tells me that you are quite the spectacular mage, with enough ambition to last an entire army.”… Edelgard had said  that? Puffing out her chest, Constance beamed at Lord Arundel. “Ahaha! Is that so? Oh, Her Majesty is much too kind. It is true that I always strive to better myself—and my peers, I might add—but surely such ambition that you speak of could hardly fit in a single person!”“Modest, as well,” he said with a smile. “Yes, I can see why she appreciates you so.”Constance giggled, already feeling much less uncomfortable. She appreciated this man.  Why had Edelgard never once spoken of him? Few people could emanate such utter confidence and be so incredibly humble at the same time.Her Majesty, who had remained silent after introducing her uncle, now cleared her throat. “As you can see, Constance, Lord Arundel and I were in the middle of a meeting. Perhaps you could return later?”“Ah,” Constance said, recalling why she had gone to Edelgard in the first place. “Er… Actually, I only wanted to ask about Hubert’s whereabouts. Do you happen to know where he is?”“Hubert,” Edelgard repeated, eyebrows rising slightly. “No, I do not.”“I asked him to assist some of my subordinates on a covert mission,” Arundel supplied, causing Edelgard’s expression to grow firmer. “He should be back later today.”Later today… She did not like it, but what choice did she have? Lady Edelgard did not seem to grasp the importance of the matter, so she was hesitant to tell her instead of Hubert. No, it was definitely best to wait.“Thank you,” she said, bowing again. “I shall wait for him to return. Apologies, again, for bursting in as I did.”“No trouble,” Arundel said with a smile as she backed away toward the door. “No trouble at all.”“Constance.”Hearing her name uttered by the Empress, she paused with her hand on one of the knobs, turning slightly to give Lady Edelgard a cautious look. She had her jaw set, her eyes intense as she held Constance’s gaze.“If you do see Hubert, please tell him to come find me immediately. I cannot stress the urgency enough.”Constance nodded slowly as she processed this. Yes, she supposed Edelgard would want to interrogate Hubert about what had just happened. In fact… Constance might just have inadvertently revealed her presence by the outer wall last night. And since Hubert had released her against Edelgard’s orders to make certain that no one had heard their conversation… That might spell trouble for him.But not as much trouble as he would surely suffer through when Constance finally got her hands on him.“I will, Your Majesty,” she said.  Not until after he has told me the truth, however. After giving a low bow, she opened the door and escaped out into the audience chamber, where the two guards by the door gave her odd looks. Had they heard anything from inside…? She ignored them completely, walking out of the chamber with her head still held high.What now? Hubert should receive the letter when he returned to Garreg Mach, if not before that, and she was convinced that he would seek her out as soon as he had read it. But waiting had never been one of her strengths.With a sigh, she steered her steps toward Abyss. The sun was sure to come out in a moment, and she was not in the mood to suffer its warmth. Which reminded her—she and Hubert had yet to fully decipher the memory excision spell, ‘Anamnesis Φ’. She doubted that she would be able to get a breakthrough now after so much time had passed without much progress, but at least it might provide a welcome distraction while she waited.With one precise sweep of his hand, the curtains by the windows along the back wall were drawn shut with a gust of wind. The other hand reached back to close the door, lowering the room into darkness before a burst of fire shot out from his palm and lit the candelabra next to his desk.His limbs ached, screaming at him to collapse in bed and lose his consciousness at last. All day had been a living hell, running through the sealed forest in search of Arundel’s damned dark mages so that he could save them from their own rampant creations. The whole situation had clearly been rigged against him. No doubt it had all been an attempt to make him and Lady Edelgard believe that they were powerless against Arundel and his people. Even the weapon he had received as thanks for his assistance had reeked of it; it was nearly as powerful as a Relic, far above anything the Imperial army could manufacture with their current tools and knowledge, and it had obviously been meant to frighten them into submission. Indeed, he was exhausted, but at least Arundel’s attempt to put him in his place had been a failure: it had only achieved the opposite effect. Their faction looked down on them, thinking they couldn’t even touch them. But the closer they got, the less true that became. The man is a nuisance, but at least he’s a pompous, self-conceited nuisance.  Self-conceited enough that he hadn’t even bothered to show up in person to thank him. Good riddance.Bringing out an envelope from within his coat, he wasted no time in seating himself by the desk and pulling out its contents. He hadn’t expected a report this soon; not even a day had passed since his confrontation with Constance. But considering that he had told her a while back not to write him any more letters, he assumed whatever she had to tell him now was important enough to look past any such restrictions—if apparently not important enough to come to him with the matter personally, which bothered him more than a little. He was fairly certain the letter could not have been intercepted, since he had practically run into the wolf just as he arrived at the drop-off place, but leaving this kind of thing to chance was the last thing he would have done if he was in her shoes.After all, he’d explicitly told her that he would kill her if she went against his wishes. A threat that he hadn’t allowed himself to even think about fully since, perhaps naively hoping that it would never have to come to that.Well… he supposed there was only one way to find out.Unfolding the bundle of papers with some trepidation, he began to read.

I apologize for going against your wishes. I know that you said not to write you any more letters, and I suppose you even hoped deep down that I would not try to piece anything together—despite my final promise last night. However, I recognized bits and pieces of what you discussed yesterday immediately. I have already recalled the context, and it is vital that this particular matter comes to your attention.

More than five years ago, I made that note about Solon referring to us as “beasts”. Do you remember? I knew that I recognized it from somewhere but I could not put my finger on the source. Well—I believe that I just figured it out.

I have attached a note for you—it was hastily copied down just an instant ago, and so I ask you to look past the terrible handwriting. It is a copy of a torn page that I found in the shadow library back when I first began to study elder magic with you. I believed then that it might be fiction, but now I am wondering whether it might carry more weight than I expected. Read it for yourself; it refers to the “beasts of the land” and a world “ruled by beasts”. 

I know this seems far-fetched on its own. However, what happened to Arianrhod shines a new light on the note’s meaning. You spoke of pillars of light, and the very same term can be found on the torn page I found!

What do you think it all means? I have been up all night trying to decipher it all; to fit the pieces together into a whole. This is what I have come up with so far.

“the False God has awakened … Its looming, heteromorphic vessel was resurrected  to sink the world to the depths of the ocean.” → I believe this could refer to Seiros herself, because I found an old diary in the library which spoke of “muddy waters” created by Seiros. The heteromorphic part is a bit trickier; the term refers to something which can take two or more different shapes—a shapeshifter. Have you heard of something like that before? All I could think of at first were the demonic beasts, which are ordinary humans transformed by Crest Stones. But then I recalled the moment from five years ago, where the archbishop transformed into an enormous, terrible beast… a dragon. A looming, heteromorphic vessel… So does that mean that the archbishop is Seiros herself, or are they two separate shapeshifters? If Rhea and Seiros are two separate individuals, then at least one of them must be the “False God” spoken of in the text. What could that mean?

“It will bring extinction to all children of men, and salvation to all beasts of the land, sky, and sea. For the children of men who spilled too much blood of life, it promises only cruel retribution.” → If we are the “beasts”, who are “the children of men”? They “spilled too much blood of life”; could this be referring to blood magic, a subset of elder magic? 

“The False God must be defeated before the world sinks into a watery grave. To this end, the children of men have erected pillars of light upon the land … [the lands] were utterly destroyed” → Just as Arianrhod has allegedly been destroyed by pillars of light. Can it be a coincidence? Or could there be more to this? If “the children of men” are who destroyed Arianrhod, and they did it to defeat the False God (the Church of Seiros)... I believe you understand by now what I am trying to say here.

The last piece of the puzzle is in the last paragraph. “The children of men fled to the depths of the earth, beyond sight of the False God, beyond the embrace of the sacred sun, and beyond the reach of the waters of Despair.” They fled beneath the ground. They fled into chambers such as the one where we found Flayn; where Jeritza hid. They fled into Abyss. It is the only thing which makes sense; Garreg Mach is located so much farther above sea level than the rest of Fódlan, so if they wanted to escape a flood, this would be the perfect place. I do not believe that they still remain here, but isn’t it likely that they could have another hideout similar to this one?

Crow… This text is referring to the dark faction of elder mages responsible for the kidnappings, the blood magic and the murder of the professor’s father. It is referring to those who murdered the citizens of Arianrhod, right after our troops had been there. You called them “those who slither in the dark”... They are elder mages, just like you, and they despise the Church, just as you do.

I realize that what I am about to say next borders on treason; however, I expect you to understand my predicament and look past the impropriety this once, considering the impossible position you have placed me in. Yesterday, I heard about your liege’s plans to tell the others that the Church is to blame for the attack. With everything else that I have found in mind, one could easily imagine that the two of you might be in liaison with those who slither in the dark. Why else would you attempt to conceal the true perpetrators of the attack? 

Tell me the truth, Crow. You once told me that you had no connection to the faction of dark mages responsible for the kidnapping and the murder. Do you still stand by that? Or are you—dare I say it—involved with those who slither in the dark? 

Can I trust any of the things you have told me about the Church, or is it all part of an intricate web of lies spun by you and your liege?

Come find me as soon as you have read this. I cannot stand being left alone with my thoughts and fears for much longer.

Hubert let the letter drop from his hands and leaned back in his chair, his gaze unfocusing as he raised it to stare into the wall above the desk. The candelabra to his right cast lively shadows onto the surface, and for a moment, he let his mind go blank and simply stared at the patterns. It didn’t last for long; even with his exhaustion, the gnawing thoughts were too intrusive to shut out for more than a few seconds.Even with so little information, with so little to go on, she had figured it out. She had pieced together nearly the entire puzzle, and saw that he fit into the picture a little too well. In fact, she might have even pieced more together than he himself had managed to do over the years. Running a gloved hand through his hair, he exhaled deeply and took the note in his hand to study it for the umpteenth time, pushing through his weariness. To the depths of the earth, hm… That would explain why, when he had traced the pillars of light, all he had found had been an empty forest in the middle of nowhere. He had believed that his magic had been somehow misguided, but perhaps he simply wasn’t looking closely enough. The possibility that Arundel had tricked him was out of the question: he was fully aware that Hubert would be able to trace the magic of the pillars of light, which meant that he would only use them when he could be certain that his intended target would be completely wiped out. The fact that people had survived to tell the tale in the case of Arianrhod had been a fluke.He looked up from the letter. Something at the periphery of his attention, barely more than a whisper of a sensation, caused him to pause and listen. Something had changed in the room’s atmosphere, and he knew better than to ignore his instincts.Grabbing the letter and the note in one hand, he stood from the chair, and the sensation only grew in strength. Before he could question himself, he called in fire to his palm and burned the papers contained within.The moment the flames licked up the sides of the sheets, all of the candles in the room went out. He instinctively cast a paralyzing spell in the direction of one of the inner corners, then because he had no way of knowing whether there were more than one attacker, he brought out one of his daggers as the other hand prepared to teleport him away.A hand gripped his wrist, and in a breath, all of his power was sucked out of him, funneled into his attacker—an elder mage with incredible strength. He gritted his teeth against the sudden loss, grasping for any last trace of his magic reserves, but they were completely dry. What the attacker didn’t seem to have counted on, however, was that Hubert had practiced being emptied of his powers enough times to be able to withstand the incredible fatigue that usually came with it. Still acting blindly, he lunged at his attacker with the dagger still in his hand, feeling the familiar give of muscles as the blade reached its target. The other man voiced a curse in response, automatically releasing his wrist—but the power did not come flowing back.A stronger variant of the sharing spell. That means—The momentary advantage he had gained from surprising the other mage was lost immediately, as he had counted on getting his powers back. Before he could draw another dagger, a third attacker quickly fired a trapping spell that caused his arms to lock to his sides as though bound by invisible rope. Someone kicked the back of his legs, and he crumpled to the floor, completely incapacitated with access neither to his magic nor to his limbs. At the very least he managed to turn himself on his side, his left cheek pressing against the wooden floor.A fire spell lit the candelabra once again, illuminating the room in a warm, flickering light. Hubert counted four attackers: one of which he had managed to paralyze, currently slumped on the floor nearby, along with two still active mages in similar elder mage garbs as the first one, and then… Arundel, who was just pulling a dagger out of his right arm, his entire being glowing with immense power. He turned to look at him, dropping the dagger to the floor with a low thud—less than two feet from Hubert's face. He wore a satisfied smirk on his lips, and when their gazes met, he began to chuckle. “Are you truly the right hand, tactician and master assassin of my niece, the Empress of Adrestia?” he taunted him. “Considering your reputation, I expected greater resistance from you. Although I have to admit, I did not expect you to still be standing after I drained you so completely of your magic. At the very least you have an impressive endurance.” So this is the thanks I get for saving your subordinates earlier today? Clenching his jaw, Hubert opted to say nothing out loud. Whatever reason Arundel had for betraying him this soon, he doubted anything he said would make a difference at this point.As Arundel moved toward the desk, Hubert glanced to his left, where the blackened remains of Constance’s letter lay.  Good.  If he had gotten his hands on that letter, everything would have been over. His relief soon evaporated, though, when he realized what was contained in the drawers of his desk. Trying not to show the creeping horror on his face as Arundel opened one of them and pulled out some of the contents and placed them on top of the desk, he silently hoped the man would simply burn everything to a crisp rather than examine it more closely. “What do we have here?” Arundel said, pulling out a thick notebook with uneven pages sticking out in all directions. If Hubert had been prone to cursing, this would have been an opportune moment. Those were Linhardt’s notes—including those on Constance’s Crest. He should have rid himself of the notebook as soon as he had it in his possession.“This seems like an interesting read,” Arundel continued, haphazardly flipping through the pages. “You have been busy collecting information that isn’t yours to keep, I gather.”He closed the notebook and tucked it into his robe, gesturing for his men to keep rummaging through the desk as he walked up to Hubert again, crouching down beside him. He still wore that infuriating smirk on his lips.  When I get my powers back... “A lovely young lady came bursting in during a meeting between me and my niece earlier,” he said, and Hubert felt his blood freeze in his veins. “She was looking for you; said that she had something important to convey. Something about ‘those who slither in the dark’, I believe. Does that phrase ring any bells?”Hubert couldn’t bear to keep looking him in the eyes, so he turned his attention back to the desk instead, distractedly taking in which books and other materials they chose to confiscate and which they seemed alright with leaving behind. So in the end, Constance would be the death of him. There was a certain irony to that thought. He had explicitly told her not to tell anyone but him about anything she learned. And what did she do? She  had to go and run her mouth in front of one of the most dangerous men in Fódlan. Even if she didn’t know Arundel like he did, she had still entrusted a stranger with highly sensitive information. He could only blame himself for choosing to trust her when he knew how volatile she could be. “Well,” Arundel said, standing up straight again. “If you have vital information about this secret faction, I suppose it will come to light sooner rather than later. For now, why don’t you get some rest? If you ask me, you’ve certainly deserved it.”As soon as Hubert saw the other man’s hands begin to glow, he closed his eyes on his own volition, welcoming the sweet relief of darkness. And in his last moments, a single, silly thought passed through his mind:At least, all those people constantly begging me to sleep will finally get what they want.

The night was eerily silent as Constance prowled through the streets of Garreg Mach, the air around her hands crackling softly in response to the power building up within her veins. She took a deep breath as she walked up the path beside the length of dorm rooms to her left, glancing up at the windows she knew belonged to Hubert. There was only darkness within; the windows gaped at her like a broken mouth. Drawing to a stop, she called on her lightning magic and reached out with her senses. She closed her eyes, frowning in deep concentration as the surge of power spread out from the tips of her fingers and across the nearby buildings, finding its way in through open doors and windows. Her gentle tendrils of lightning softly trailed their way over wooden furniture, soft bedding and human bodies, granting her an imprecise mental image of the interior of the rooms. There were Lorenz, and Ferdinand, and even Caspar sleeping soundly in their beds, but the room belonging to the vassal of the Empress was cold and empty. She opened her eyes, letting her hands fall to her sides as they slowly stopped glowing, her last shred of hope dwindling along with the magical light.There was no use. She had walked around the entirety of Garreg Mach twice, yet Hubert’s presence was nowhere to be found. Under different circumstances, she might not have batted an eye. She knew that he was the kind to run off on secret missions—missions which not even Edelgard were fully aware of, as evidenced by her lack of knowledge of his whereabouts earlier today—but for him to be away now, so soon after what had transpired in Arianrhod and her revelations in the letter… She didn’t want to believe that foul play could be involved, but she would be remiss not to consider the possibility.Was there any way for her to find him…? She knew how to find him with Crow’s help, but could she extend the spell somehow to be able to locate him herself?A cool wind gripped her hair, rustling her curls against her shoulders and causing a freezing shiver to run through her body. Far away, the bark of a dog followed by its owner’s angry yell echoed against walls of stone. The wind rustled through the trees and ran over the rough surfaces of the buildings around her, giving off a ghastly whine. She wrapped her arms around herself and increased her pace, steering her steps toward Abyss. The night was growing rather late; if Hubert had yet to return, she doubted that he would appear in the next few hours. Better that she get some sleep now. First thing tomorrow, she would seek an audience with Lady Edelgard and ask again if she knew where Hubert was. If he had been supposed to return from his covert mission today, surely a prolonged absence into the next morning must justify some concern? Especially after Edelgard’s urgent wish to see Hubert as soon as he returned.Just as she reached the top of the stairs in the northern part of the dormitory area, she paused, straining herself to listen closely. She was sure that she had heard the telltale creak of large, wooden doors sliding shut. And sure enough, the breeze carried soft voices to her ears. She could not discern the content of the conversation, only that the two people conversing with each other both had low timbre voices. She carefully reached out with her lightning magic again, registering four people in total that were heading in her direction from the northern entrance of the reception hall. None of them was immediately recognizable to her, although one stood out as subtly familiar.Drawing back her powers, she opened her eyes and continued walking at a brisk pace toward Abyss. Regardless of who they were, she had no wish to be seen skulking around in the middle of the night. That might raise all manner of questions.The shapes drew closer in the darkness, their voices still speaking softly to each other, and Constance ducked to the more shadowed areas on her left in an attempt to stay out of sight. Just a few more paces, and she would be able to slip down through the entrance and reach the safe blackness of her underground haven. She gritted her teeth as the others came even closer, trying not to look at them.  Please be occupied, please pay me no mind, please—“Excuse me, Miss?”She froze, drawing in a quick breath at the voice’s familiar cadence. Straightening, she turned to take in the group of people that was now close enough that she would have been hard pressed to slip past unseen even in the deepest of fogs. Their faces were faintly visible in the dim lighting of the area, and while she could not recognize three of them—two of them walking a few paces behind the others, but all of them dressed in the attire of Imperial guards—one face stood out in particular.“Ah,” the man said, recognition lighting up his features as well. He inclined his head in her direction. “Lady Nuvelle. I thought it was you. Taking a midnight walk, perhaps?”Swallowing, she immediately bowed as deeply as she could without losing her balance. “Lord Arundel! Please accept my deepest apologies. I was so engrossed in my own thoughts, I failed to recognize you until just now. I have indeed taken a brisk walk around the area, to supply my mind with some fresh air after a long day in my underground dwellings. Now, I shall not take up any more of your time, my Lord. Please have a good night.”“One moment,” he called when she tried to make a dignified exit, causing her to freeze in the middle of a step. She gave him another apologetic look, taking in his expression as it changed from slight surprise into one of deep thought. “It is I that should apologize. I believe I assured you that Hubert von Vestra would return today; however, I’m afraid he has been delayed. The mission he assisted me with uncovered some loose threads which had to be dealt with immediately. You haven’t been too worried, I shall hope?”Constance exhaled a long breath, feeling her muscles relax at once. She hadn’t even considered the thought that Lord Arundel might know why Hubert had not returned. How foolish of her! He was the one who had told her he sent him away on a secret mission, after all. Of course he would know where he was.“Thank you, my Lord,” she said with a relieved smile. “I confess I held some concern for his absence.”He returned her smile. “That does not surprise me in the least. You are a woman with a piercing intellect, I understand.”Despite herself, she felt her gaze sway to the side, her cheeks warming. “Ah! You flatter me, my Lord. I can only wonder where you formed such a favorable conception of me. Has Her Highness truly spoken so highly of me in your vicinity?”“She has,” he said with a slight nod, “although Hubert is not entirely without blame either.”Her breath caught. She glanced quickly at his face, still adorned with a pleasant smile. “H-Hubert has mentioned me?”It seemed somewhat uncharacteristic that Hubert would speak warmly of her—well, of  anyone,  but especially her, considering how careful he must have been not to reveal that they had any kind of relationship with each other. If he had praised her so, it must surely have been coaxed out of him.Still, she couldn’t help but feel a warm kind of feeling in her chest as she thought of him speaking kindly of her to someone else—especially a nobleman of such high status. Was he trying to aid her in restoring her house…? The thought made her head spin.“Certainly,” Lord Arundel said, then paused as though considering whether to elaborate. He sighed deeply, glancing at one of his guards, who took two steps back toward the other two. Then he returned his gaze to Constance, who held her breath. Would he tell her what Hubert had said about her? He raised his right hand, murmuring something under his breath as he made an elegant swirl with his wrist, and a violet magic circle appeared beneath his feet. Constance instinctively jerked back at the sight, an involuntary gasp slipping out as she stared at the familiar glyphs glowing on the ground. Then something glittered above her, and as she snapped her head upward to look, she saw a thin veil of magic envelop the two of them. It formed a perfect sphere around them, its bottom disappearing into the ground, before its outline faded, leaving nothing to be seen by the naked eye.“What,” she breathed, staring at Lord Arundel. Her muscles were twitching, urging her to move, but something kept her nailed in place. It wasn’t any kind of magic; she simply couldn’t make herself leave after this sudden revelation, even though her senses screamed  ‘danger!’ “Don’t be afraid,” he said calmly. “You may leave whenever you like. It is merely a simple muting spell, assuring that no one will be able to spy on our conversation.” He tilted his head to the side as he studied her face. Her heart raced in her chest. “You are familiar with elder magic, I surmise.” Elder magic.  She blinked at him as her mind processed his words. No one, save Hubert, had ever called it anything but dark magic. For Lord Arundel to use the same denomination as Hubert… She allowed herself to relax, but only slightly. The shared terminology suggested a kinship, and for now, she had no reason to believe otherwise. He had sent Hubert on a mission, he was Lady Edelgard’s uncle, and he knew elder magic… Why had Hubert never mentioned him?She realized that he was waiting for a response, watching her carefully. “I—I,” she began, conflicted. How much could she say without endangering herself and Hubert? Did he know about their relationship?One corner of Arundel’s mouth quirked up. “You are wise to hesitate. It is not a question one should answer lightly. There are all manner of prejudices against mages such as us, as I’m sure Hubert has informed you.” He paused, no doubt waiting for her to reply, and she knew that it was inextricably rude to simply stare at him in complete silence like this, but she didn’t know what to believe. As the first shock died down, she recalled that Hubert  had told her of other elder mages. But if Lord Arundel belonged to that particular faction, she knew it would be very dangerous to reveal her doubts.As she had that thought, his smirk faded, his expression growing more serious. He moved his hands behind his back. “Lady von Nuvelle, I assure you that you are in no danger at the moment. Rather the opposite. I have a proposition for you.” She watched him warily as he paused to look up toward the sky, not yet prepared to fully trust him, but curious enough to at least wait for him to continue.“It seems to be common knowledge among these parts that Mistress von Nuvelle strives to rebuild her house,” he said, gazing up at the stars. “That she is honing her craft, dedicating herself vigorously to her magical studies, so that she will one day be powerful enough to be recognized by her peers and granted noble status anew.”She swallowed. There was something oddly relaxed about him, even while he discussed such important matters. Yet she couldn’t exactly say that he was wrong, by any means.“Hubert is nothing if not perceptive,” he continued. “He recognized your potential and began, ever cautiously, to tutor you in our methods. A risk, considering the reputation of our magic, but I can appreciate his decision.”He lowered his gaze, meeting hers directly. “You are a highly capable mage, Miss von Nuvelle. Perhaps more so than even Hubert himself has yet to realize. Ancient magical power flows through your veins.”Constance froze, instantly on edge. She took a step back, half expecting to be stopped by some kind of magical barrier, but it seemed he had told the truth. The muting spell did not stop her from leaving if she wanted to. At this point, she truly  should leave, but if she did, she might never find out what Arundel wanted to propose.“Explain yourself,” she forced out, wincing at how harshly she had just addressed a regent of the Empire.He smiled; there was something almost pleasantly amused in his eyes. “You carry the Crest of Noa,” he said, confirming her fears. When she drew for air, he continued, “Have no fear. I have no intention of revealing your secret to anyone else.”“Did Hubert tell you?”She asked it before she could stop herself, but it instinctively felt like the right decision, even now. Lord Arundel raised his eyebrows, perhaps surprised at the question, before smoothing out his features again. “Hubert shares many of his findings with me,” he said. “We have an understanding.”Trying her best to look untouched by this information, she mentally went through what she remembered from the letter in which Hubert had mentioned her secret.‘I have reason to believe that you would be in even more danger than you may yet realize if this secret were to come out. … I will do what I can on my end to ascertain that this information does not get in the wrong hands.’Revealing the secret of her Crest to Lord Arundel did not seem like ‘doing what he could’, even if they had an understanding. She thought that he had been very clear in his letter; he believed that she was in danger, and he had been concerned enough to warn her even though he no doubt suspected that she would turn against him for it. In other words, he had risked pushing her away just so he could warn her of some kind of danger. With that in mind, it seemed very unlikely that he would share his knowledge with anyone else.Where did that leave Lord Arundel?She watched him carefully, half expecting him to attack her at any moment. Surely he must see through her mask? He must see that she was skeptical? But he remained as calm as ever.“My niece introduced me as an Imperial regent,” he said now, “but I am also the regent of a different sort of empire. You may know my people as those who slither in the dark—” Here he paused, giving her a knowing look. “—but we prefer to call ourselves by the name our ancestors carried: Agarthans. Forced to retreat below ground many, many years ago, persecuted by none other than the goddess herself, we bide our time until we can take back what was stolen from us. We have reshaped the brittle and unreliable magic of the Church's goddess into a magic of our own; one that we can control, that is not dependent upon the mercy of some false god. We have no need of the sun; we create our own light.”Constance all but gaped at him as he talked. Forced to retreat below ground… No need of the sun… These were not only things she could recognize as similar to her own life, but also things she had gathered from the torn page she found in the shadow library. A surge of pride went through her as she realized that she had been right in many of her deductions. But there was also a hint of danger still playing at the edge of her mind; she may relate to many of the things said by Arundel, but that did not change the fact that he had explicitly confessed to being part of those who slither in the dark, the faction Hubert had warned her of. The faction responsible for the destruction of Arianrhod. And yet… Judging by her most recent conflict with Hubert, he and Lady Edelgard were very much in liaison with that faction. This was further proven by the fact that Edelgard and Arundel had been meeting when Constance barged in yesterday. She still wanted some explanations from Hubert in this regard. Did he trust them or not? Should she stay away or not? If he warned her of them in one breath, but went on secret missions for their benefit in the next, what were his true allegiances, and what should she choose to act on?Lord Arundel went on even as she continued to stare at him. “Seeing Hubert’s dedication and fearlessness, I invited him into our fold many years ago, and he accepted gladly. He is a capable mage; a boon to our people. Even knowing about your potential, however, he has been reluctant to welcome you into our society. You know that, don’t you? He has withheld information; kept you at an arm’s length; rejected your pleas to follow in his enlightened footsteps. And for what? So he can keep you under his thumb? This is one thing he and I do not agree on. Such power as yours should not be caged; it should be carefully groomed and nurtured.”Constance lowered her gaze to the dark ground, considering his words. There was truth to them. Since she found out about the elder ritual, how many times had she asked Hubert if he would perform it on her? How many times had he either changed the subject or urged her to be patient? She hadn’t thought about it for a while now, but there was something strange about the ordeal. Why would he tell her about the ritual, if his intention was not to allow her to go through it?She may be wary of Lord Arundel’s true aims, but she couldn’t help wondering if he knew something about Hubert that she didn’t. Could it really be true that Hubert was reluctant to perform the ritual on her because he didn’t want her to become stronger; possibly stronger than him?“I recognize your power, your ambition, your noble aims,” Lord Arundel said slowly, drawing her attention back to him. His gaze was intensely focused on her, and she found herself holding her breath not for the first time tonight. “I wish to offer you what Hubert has not. I wish to offer you a seat at the table of Fódlan’s most powerful mages.”Constance drew in a shaky breath. She had not realized until now that she was embracing herself, but her arms were firmly locked around her torso. “What—what are you suggesting?” she asked weakly.Lord Arundel took a dignified step forward. He extended a hand to her, palm facing upward in invitation. She glanced at the outstretched hand, eyes wide, before returning her gaze to his. He was smiling again.“I will perform the elder ritual on you, granting you power the likes of which you could never imagine,” he said steadily. “And in return, you will serve our people. You will become an Agarthan, proudly and decisively making our cause yours.”Her gaze once again lowered to his hand, remaining there as she thought.  Power the likes of which I could never imagine…  She remembered the surge of power she had felt when Hubert grasped her wrists, many years ago in the training grounds. What words had he used then?   ‘You think that is power? I’ll show you the true meaning of power.’She could still recall how strong she had felt; as though she could turn the entirety of Garreg Mach into ice with just a wave of her hand. Did Hubert always have access to that kind of power, because he had gone through the elder ritual? Would she be able to feel like that again,  without his help, if she agreed to Arundel’s terms?She slowly let her arms slide down to her sides, struggling with herself over what to do. She wished she could have asked Hubert for advice. He had supposedly been part of Arundel’s faction for a long time—did he regret his decision to join them? Would he try to stop her from saying yes?She exhaled slowly, hoping to calm her nerves somewhat. She didn’t even know if Arundel was telling the truth, or where Hubert truly was. For all she knew, he could have been killed or taken captive by the Agarthans, rather than sent on a ‘secret mission’ on their behalf. And as she had that thought, she realized that she might have just found her answer.“And Hubert?” she asked aloud, trying to sound more confident than she felt. “Will I see him again?”Arundel looked mildly surprised at her question. “Of course. I have no intention of separating you.” He paused, still holding out his hand for her. “If you come with me now, we may just arrive in our city as he returns from his mission. You can talk to him before we begin the ritual.”She blinked, taken aback. “Oh.” Truth be told, she had not expected such a courtesy. Of course, he could simply be lying… But he must know that she would never join them if she found out that they had harmed Hubert somehow, and if his aim was simply to neutralize her, it would have been easier to overtake her here rather than weave all these elaborate lies to make her agree to his demands.So did that mean that Hubert truly was on the Agarthans’ side…?Only one way to find out.“I shall come with you,” she said, “and I shall speak with Hubert. Whether I will join your cause remains to be seen.”He smiled, inclining his head in agreement. “That is all I can ask.”She took his hand.And in an instant, everything around her disappeared.“I just don’t get it. Why would I need a long stick when I can just use my magic?”“It’s not a  stick.  It’s a lance. And what happens when you don’t have access to your magic? You may be out of energy, or another mage may silence you, or—”“Whatever. I’ll just sigh then.”“That’s not fast enough.”“Yeah? You wanna find out?”Yuri rolled his eyes, snickering affectionately as he listened to the love birds quarreling a few paces behind him. He’d thought teaching Hapi a secondary skill was a pretty good idea, even though he might not have chosen the lance himself. A dagger seemed more like it would suit her, he thought. But Sylvain had been adamant, which he supposed was no wonder considering the man’s own attachment to his lance. If it hadn’t already been an old joke at this point, he might have jeered something about overcompensation.“I just care about you,” Sylvain moped, causing Hapi to groan.“Stop that,” she complained. “I hate it when you use that look on me.”“No you don’t,” he said, amusement playing at the edge of his voice. “You  love it when I look at you like that.”She let out a flustered wail. “Shut up!”“Yeah, Sylvain,” Yuri agreed, looking over his shoulder. “Shut up.”The other man smiled knowingly, then dared to give him a god damned wink. “Aye, boss.”With a sigh, Yuri turned forward again. Damn if he wasn’t looking forward to a warm meal and a long bath after a morning in the training grounds with these two dorks. He could spare some time for that, couldn’t he? Just an hour or two to himself. Maybe he’d even cook something for himself, rather than just gobble down the nearest loaf of bread and rinse it down with a mug of ale. Ugh. He didn’t even like ale, but it was much easier to get his hands on than wine. When the war was over he’d get himself a plot of land and cultivate a vineyard. Most people he knew seemed to prefer the ale, but he was pretty sure Constance would appreciate being served an authentic glass of wine from the local grape vines. That was, if she had any time to spare for him in-between enjoying married life with Hubert and serving Edelgard at the Imperial palace.The corners of his mouth turned downward. Her future was such a far throw from his, it was almost laughable. And yet he didn’t feel like laughing. Not at all.He started veering into the Ashen Wolves classroom, then came to an abrupt halt in the doorway. Hearing Hapi and Sylvain still bickering behind him, he threw up a hand in warning, and almost to his surprise, they fell silent right away. When he was sure that they’d stay where they were, he started walking again, taking a few leisurely steps toward the back of the room. Two people in long robes, with cowls pulled over their heads, were waiting for him. One of them—a woman—had her back turned to him, studying the scribbles on the blackboard with some interest. The man, on the other hand, had his gaze firmly fixed on Yuri. Beefy arms crossed over his chest. This was not a man to be trifled with, to be sure.Yuri turned his attention to the woman. “Can I help you?”She had just raised a hand to run her slender fingers across a sentence written on the board, but she paused at the sound of his voice. Slowly, she turned around.Yuri’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline. No less than the Empress herself stood in his classroom, dressed in that simple robe that almost made her look like a monk. Yet there was no doubting her regal expression as she met her gaze. She looked at him for a moment, then let her gaze run across Hapi and Sylvain in the doorway before returning to him again.“Do you happen to know where Constance is?” she asked.He narrowed his eyes, crossing his arms over his chest as he considered her question. “Maybe. What’s it to you?”Edelgard raised her eyebrows, the man beside her moving a hand to the weapon at his side in a silent warning. Behind Yuri, Hapi let out a silent curse.“Yuri!” she whispered forcefully. “Let me make myself clear,” Yuri said, granting the Empress a wry smile. “I don’t give a damn about your title or status. Down here, it doesn’t matter who you  are,  only what you  do. And as much as I can appreciate that you’re a capable leader, that doesn’t mean I’ll trust you with just about anything.” He crossed his arms over his chest, narrowing his eyes as he studied her. “So let me ask again. What’s it to you, Your Highness?”He could have sworn he heard an honest-to-goddess growl come from the bodyguard’s direction, but Edelgard raised a hand, silencing the man in an instant. Her expression was serious, but not malevolent, and something about the way she regarded him made him think of Constance. Outwardly, she emanated complete calmness and confidence, but there was the tiniest crack in her facade—whether fear or impatience, he couldn’t tell for sure—and he probably only picked it up because he was so used to the tells of Miss von Nuvelle. He couldn’t help but smirk when he realized with some satisfaction that this meant he already had the upper hand.“I’m concerned for her safety,” she said.The smirk froze on his face.  So much for the upper hand.  He watched her closely, weighing his next words on a silver scale. “... You’ve got my attention.”The Empress raised a hand to pull back her cowl from her head, revealing her almost blindingly blond hair, which was pulled back into a simple ponytail in the back. Without the elaborate crown on her head, she didn’t look nearly as intimidating as usual. In fact, she looked a lot like her younger self: the eighteen-year-old who had started a war.“I can’t go into detail,” she said, taking a few slow steps closer and lowering her voice proportionately. “But she made a grave misstep yesterday, and I fear it may have cost her dearly. I don’t need to know where she is; if you can assure me that she is in good health, I will be satisfied.”Yuri unfurled his arms and glanced over his shoulder. Hapi’s wide-eyed gaze met his, her head already shaking. Sylvain gripped her shoulder, a resolute look on his face. Slowly, Yuri turned back forward, racking his brain in an attempt to recall when he’d last seen Constance. Had he talked to her yesterday, or was that the day before that? He usually saw her around Abyss a few times a day, and he was pretty sure he had glimpsed her yesterday. But she  had been absent this morning, when he came to ask if she wanted to train with them… He’d assumed she’d gone to the library or to practice some new spell. But when it came down to it, he didn’t actually have a clue where she was.His expression must have betrayed his concern, because Edelgard clenched her jaw as their eyes met. “Hubert is missing as well. I have reason to believe that the two disappearances are connected.”

He stared unseeingly at the Empress’ face, heartbeats thundering in his ears. Drawing in a deep breath, he ran a hand over his face and squeezed his eyes closed so hard he could see stars.  Fuck.  Whatever Constance had gotten herself into, if Hubert was involved, it couldn’t be good. And considering that Edelgard had been worried enough to risk coming down here just to ask if he knew something, it  definitely couldn’t be anything but terrible.“Alright,” he forced out as he opened his eyes, throwing his hand out to his side. “Hapi, Sylvain. Will you give us a moment?”“What? But Yuri-b—”“Leave.”Silence. Then he heard shuffling footsteps behind him, followed by the doors falling closed. Once again, he took a deep breath in an attempt to calm his nerves. Edelgard had followed Hapi and Sylvain with her eyes as they left, but now she returned her attention to him. He could see that she suspected what was about to happen, and, from the looks of it, had already reconciled with the thought. Clearly she knew him well enough to understand that he couldn’t just let this go without having the full picture. Her bodyguard didn’t seem too happy about it, his mouth pursed tightly and one hand still resting on his sword, but at least he knew better than to try something.He might have been content with letting Edelgard leave and doing his own digging if it had been anyone else. But  Constance… There was no time.“I want the details,” he demanded. “Now.”Constance was jostled from her sleep by a pair of hands gripping her shoulders. She let out a yelp, trying to take in where she was, but everything was completely dark. A scent of horse, leather and wet mud reached her nose. In her confused and tired state, she couldn’t figure out how to put those pieces together.The hands firmly pulled her forward and onto her feet, not violently but still too decisively than she would have liked, considering that she couldn’t see anything. She was guided forward, asked to duck her head and then “mind the step”, and then her feet reached what felt like the familiar give of a dirt road. It was much colder in the air here; she wished she had worn something thicker than her regular clothes. And she was exhausted, so exhausted she had some trouble standing upright.Her memories were coming back now, though. She remembered grasping Lord Arundel’s hand. What had happened after that? Everything seemed to end at that moment.“Lord Arundel?” she called out weakly. “What is the meaning of this?”No response. She called on her lightning magic, but nothing came to her. Had her magical power been siphoned out of her while she slept? That would explain why she was so tired.She was pushed forward yet again, forced to stumble in blindness for a few steps before someone grabbed her arms from behind, pulling her to a jerky stop. She waited. Listened. Apart from the soft neighs of a horse nearby, she could also hear footsteps around her, but they were too many for her to draw any conclusions of where they came from or how many people they belonged to. “My apologies, Lady Nuvelle,” Lord Arundel’s voice said in front of her. “It is a necessary precaution at this stage. I will return your vision to you very soon.”Before she could answer, a hand gripped her wrist, and she felt the familiar pull of teleportation magic. The ground beneath her feet became softer; if she were to wager a guess, she would say that she was standing in moss. The scents around her had changed as well, with no hint of horse or leather, only the fresh greenery of a lush forest wetted by rain. “This way,” Arundel said, guiding her forward by the elbow. She hesitantly followed along, feeling the soft ground give way beneath her steps as she walked, until again it firmed up. They walked for perhaps a minute in this way, with Arundel gently guiding her. Then, without a word of notice from her guide, she stepped through some kind of cold pocket of air that was there and then gone the next instant. Coming out on the other side, her surroundings seemed to have changed again, but this time, without the use of any teleportation spell as far as she could recognize. The scent of wood disappeared, exchanged for something she couldn’t quite place. Perhaps a hint of rocks, or dust? A faint hum sounded around her, and somewhere in the distance, she could hear a kind of bustle that reminded her of Burrow Street in Abyss. Arundel pulled her to a stop before letting go of her arm. In a rush of light and color, her vision came back to her at full strength. She jerked back, taking in her unfamiliar surroundings as she blinked against the light. It wasn’t strong by any means, but compared to the compact blackness of before, it still came as a shock.She was in a massive corridor, with at least fifty feet between the floor and the ceiling, and it was lit up by a strong blue light emanating from long lines running in straight patterns all over the floor. Along the walls and ceiling ran thick metal pipes, interspersed with glowing signs in a language she couldn’t recognize. “Welcome to Shambhala, the City Without Light,” Arundel’s voice said behind her. She spun around, ready to bombard him with questions about the luminescent lines in the ground—which must  clearly be some kind of magic—but nearly choked on her own tongue at the sight that met her. It wasn’t Lord Arundel who was standing before her. It was an entirely different man, with shock-white hair that seemed almost to have exploded out from his face before being swept back over his head. He was clad in elegant black armor with golden details and a long cape in dark red and violet, its lower edges tattered. A thick feather collar in dark red adorned his shoulders. But what was most disconcerting about his appearance rested in his stern face, where two completely white eyes—no pupil, no iris—gazed back at her. And starting at the inner corners, then angling out downward beneath both eyes, were thick black strokes of what looked like ink.Finding herself backing away without a conscious decision, Constance tried to think of something to say that wouldn’t immediately reveal her concern. She opened her mouth, hoping that something polite would come out automatically, but it seemed her noble upbringing failed her. Nothing came to mind.  Nothing. “This,” the man said, his expression empty as he gestured to himself, “is my true form. It’s the form my people know me by.” He gave a short bow. “You may call me Thales while we are here.”Constance gave a forced smile. “Pleased to meet you... Lord Thales.”She called to mind what she knew about the Agarthans based on her previous interactions with them. Solon had disguised himself as Tomas—or at least, that had been her assumption then. But if that was the case, what did that mean for Lord Arundel and this ‘Thales’ version of him? Had another Arundel once existed, or was he simply an alternative form that Thales had created for himself? Could he change freely? Unless Lady Edelgard had been lying, Lord Arundel was her uncle, which must mean that he had existed for many years before her birth, so he couldn’t have simply come into existence one day as Thales decided he needed another form…Her head spun by the possibilities and uncertainties. She didn’t have enough information to go on—this was not a subject she had believed she would ever need to be tested on.“I believe you will feel right at home here,” Thales said, striding up to her side and placing an armored hand on her right shoulder. She tensed. “Come with me.”He released the shoulder and walked past her, and because she didn’t know what else to do, she followed him as he strode into a different corridor, leading down along a set of stairs. The lines along the floor followed them, bathing them both in their blue light. As they reached the bottom, the ceiling above them disappeared, opening up into an immense cavern. Far, far above their heads was a ragged ceiling, clearly chiseled out of rock, and while the blue lines didn’t go up that far, the largest rocks above them were still lit in an eerie blue green light, the source of which she couldn’t identify from where she stood.She felt small, incredibly small, and it didn’t get any better when she lowered her gaze and caught sight of the incredible chapel in the middle of what she now realized was indeed a city in the cavern, bustling with life.  The City Without Light.  Yet the same blue light as before flowed like luminous blood through the veins of the city, crawling up along walls of nearby buildings and forming intricate shapes. The chapel in particular was adorned with awe-inspiring patterns, pulsating gently against the cold surface of the building itself. Then her gaze found the two large pillars in front of the chapel. They were tall—probably about half the height of the chapel—and each of them had long, seemingly deathly sharp spikes at the top. Some kind of weapon…? But how was anyone supposed to be spiked atop an immovable pillar?“This city was built by our great ancestors,” Thales said beside her. “It’s magnificent, is it not?”Constance hesitated. Although she might not have chosen that word herself, she had to agree that she was in awe of the city. Except for it supposedly being underground, it was  nothing like Abyss. She briefly wondered what Yuri might think of this place.“It is… enchanting,” she replied.Thales led her across the plaza in front of the chapel, then into the immense building itself. It was as incredible on the inside, with the long blue lines fading into a soft white and spreading up across the walls like the great roots of a tree. There were no pews in the chapel, only a large open space, leading Constance to wonder whether this building served any religious purposes at all. In the back was a great, wide staircase, which led up to a large structure in the shape of an upside down V; some kind of artifact perhaps? It could have been a portal into another room, but it didn’t seem to lead anywhere.“This chapel holds the power of the old gods,” Thales said as he used an arm to urge her to climb the staircase, “granted to us through their advanced technology, which channels and strengthens our inane power.”Their steps echoed back at them from the walls as they climbed; she cast a glance over her shoulder and realized that they were alone in the chapel.Thales walked ahead. “Once man could kill another only by use of his own hands; then he acquired the axe, the spear, the arrow, and finally, the magic syntax. Now complex arithmetic algorithms exist that can destroy entire cities with rays of light. This is one measure of how far man has extended and remade himself since he began to make tools.”  Rays of light.  So the Agarthans  were responsible for the javelins of light?“You are speaking of what ultimately destroyed Arianrhod,” she found herself saying, shocking herself with her sudden courage. Thales shot her a sideways glance as they reached the top of the staircase. “We did not intend to strike while people remained inside the city. It was a tragic accident.” Why strike at all? she wondered, but this time, she did not ask it aloud.She stopped, but Thales continued walking forward until he reached a luminous pattern etched into the floor a few paces away, in front of the strange artifact. It was an odd piece, reminding her somewhat of a magic circle, but without the usual glyphs and arithmetics that usually adorned one such. Instead, it consisted of a smaller circle within a larger one, with six stokes connecting the two, and a single eye in the middle of the innermost circle. Below the two circles grew a wreath, reaching up on either side and embracing the circles within its grasp. There was something almost mechanical to the way the lines were etched, however; as though each end of a line ended with a bolt fixing the entire crest to the ground. Yet she could clearly see that the pattern was sunken into the ground, leaving no reason to bolt it in place. Was it an artistic choice, then?Thales crouched down on one knee and carefully followed the contour of the outer circle with his hand. The etchings began to glow in the same violet light as a magic circle, causing Constance to gasp and throw a hand over her mouth. “As I’m sure you know, the magic circle is a visual representation of the magic cast,” he said, tracing the lines. “Normally, the mage is the one who processes these representations within their mind, but the human mind is limited in its capabilities.” He stopped the motion of his hand and looked up, meeting her gaze. “Our technology—our ritual—allows us to surpass these human restrictions. It grants us further power for processing the representations, allowing us to cast more powerful magic.”Thales stood, wearing a grave expression as he faced her at his full height. Hubert had nothing on this man’s towering figure; Constance struggled to stand tall under his scrutiny.“The weapons used to destroy Arianrhod illustrate yet another way of utilizing external processing power, by making use of machines that are capable of processing even more complicated representations. These machines can cast incredibly mighty spells, the likes of which no human mage could ever reproduce. The magic wielded by them is comparable to the power of the so-called goddess of the Church of Seiros.”Constance lowered her gaze to the etching, which had stopped glowing now that Thales was no longer touching it. Was this etching some kind of machine, which could be powered by an elder mage to cast more powerful spells? Had she been alone, she would have rushed over to investigate; if she had known that such a thing existed, she would have attempted to utilize it long ago in order to strengthen her own spells. “And this power is what I’d like to offer you, Lady Nuvelle,” Thales continued in the same grave voice. “If you join us, you will reach the aim you have been striving for ever since the fall of your house. The power that already flows in your blood, strengthened by Agarthan technology, will allow you to become one of the most powerful mages ever to exist in this world.”Swallowing, Constance forced herself to look up at Thales again, even though seeing the complete whiteness of his eyes still made her blood curdle. This was all too much, too soon. She didn’t know what to think. “What exactly does this ritual entail?” she asked in an all too shaky voice. “Hubert never told me.”Distantly, she could hear a door slide closed, and then decisive footsteps echoed through the room. Just as she turned around to see who might be joining them, Thales replied.“Perhaps we shall give him a chance to correct that mistake.”As Constance’s gaze landed on the figure striding toward them, she felt her knees weaken. A dark military uniform… A long cape, swaying around his sturdy boots as he walked ever confidently forward… Black, slightly wavy hair, trimmed short on one side and hanging over his eye on the other… He had his gaze fixed straight ahead, seemingly unaware of her presence yet, but there was no doubt about his identity.“Hubert!” she exclaimed, feeling her heart stop when he immediately came to a halt at the sound of her voice. He bent his neck to look up toward the top of the stairs, his eyes widening as he caught sight of her.“Constance?”Their gazes met, and she found herself frozen in place as he stared up at her from below.  He is here. Thales wasn’t lying; he is here and he is, seemingly, safe.  Her heart was beating irregularly, thundering in her ears, and Hubert seemed to be as shocked to see her as she was to see him. Arundel gave a low chuckle behind her. “I’m sure you two have a lot to discuss. I’ll give you a moment to catch up.”There was a soft whoosh as he teleported himself away, and then the two of them were alone.

Constance nearly fell forward in her haste to run down the stairs, completely and utterly focused on the man standing below the last step. She took several steps at a time, daring her high heels to keep her on her feet—but they only managed so long before one of them landed askew on the edge of a step and sent her stumbling forward at a rapid pace, her arms shooting out in an attempt to right her. It was too late: she was already too far forward.Just as she prepared to fall face first into the stone flooring, Hubert took a step forward, leaving one foot behind the other to brace himself for the impact. He reached out just in time to catch her against his chest, arms locking around her as he took the brunt of the force. It took him only a second to stabilize them, and after he had, he immediately gripped her arms and held her at an arm’s length away from him so that he could inspect her face. Constance stared breathlessly into his narrow eyes as his pupils moved first from her hairline, to her nose, to her chin, to her lips, and then finally to her eyes. As he inspected her, a plethora of thoughts raced through her mind.He seems to be well—but what is he doing here?

Did Thales tell the truth?

Was I correct; is Hubert truly on the Agarthans’ side?

Why has he not told me about any of this? Does he not trust me?

What must he be thinking now, seeing me here with Thales?His hands were still firmly locked around her upper arms, keeping her in place, but something in his expression changed when he seemed to have determined that she truly was  her and that she was well. At least, those were the conclusions she had to assume that he had drawn, as the muscles in his face seemed to relax somewhat.“What are you doing here?” he asked, and she knew by the sharpness in his voice that he would accept nothing but the full truth.“I—I needed to ascertain that you were not in danger,” she said, struggling somewhat to form the words. His gaze held her captive, his eyes unblinking. “Why would you think that I was in danger?” Constance frowned. Why  had she thought that? Her mind seemed to be stuck in a thick sludge all of a sudden; the memories were far away, and a long moment passed before she could even grasp at the edge of them. “The…” she began, hoping that her brain would complete the sentence, but she had to force the rest to come to her all on her own. “... It seemed… odd that you would disappear so soon after our last conversation.” Although now that she thought about it again, was it really so strange?“Disappear,” he repeated, then sighed. His hands slipped off her arms. “Yes, I tend to do that from time to time. As it happens, Thales asked me to help some of his subordinates with a mission. I only just returned, and my presence was immediately requested in the cathedral. Imagine my surprise at seeing  you here. Thales does not let just anyone into Shambhala.”An unexpected warmth filled her at those words. She recalled with crystal clarity what Thales had told her before he left her with Hubert:  ‘The power that already flows in your blood, strengthened by Agarthan technology, will allow you to become one of the most powerful mages ever to exist in this world.’  The words seemed almost imprinted into her brain.“Yes,” she said, puffing her chest out proudly. “He clearly knows how to separate the chaff from the wheat.” She paused then as she remembered something else Thales had said. “You told him about me, yes?”Hubert raised his eyebrows. “I may have shared that I was tutoring a promising mage in elder magic.”She expected him to continue, to confirm that he had both praised her skills and refused to invite her fully into their fold, but he simply kept watching her in silent caution.  Why is he still keeping things from me?  She was tired of being kept outside the loop; of constantly finding herself just short of the truth.“What exactly is your relationship to Thales and the Agarthans, Hubert?” she asked, placing her hands at her sides. When his mouth silently pressed into a thin line, she added, “I always believed your allegiance to lie firmly with Empress Edelgard, yet here you are, at the beck and call of another leader?”He sighed and shook his head, crossing his arms over his chest. “I am here with Lady Edelgard’s blessing,” he said, in a voice that implied that she was asking about self-evident truths. “Thales is an important ally. I will do whatever is necessary to further the aims of the Empress, and the Agarthans have power and technology which we lack. You have seen first-hand what I am capable of; do you think I would have been even half as powerful if I had not gone through the elder ritual?”“Ah, yes,” she said dryly, “the elder ritual. I suppose you regret ever telling me about it in the first place, don’t you?”He glared at her in bewilderment. “What are you talking about?”She scoffed and threw her arms up. “Why, the fact that you are so afraid of my power and what I would be able to achieve as a full-fledged elder mage—so afraid of being surpassed—that you refuse to perform the ritual on me!”Her raised voice echoed back at them from all sides of the cathedral. Hubert clenched his jaw, then looked away from her. She felt a mixture of anger and vindication at being so clearly proven correct in her suspicions. Hubert was many things, but she had not wanted to fully believe that he was self-centered enough to refuse her more power simply so that he could keep her under his thumb. Would she ever even have realized if Thales hadn’t told her?“Are you not going to defend yourself?” she demanded when he stayed silent.He stared down into the same spot on the floor for several long breaths, his arms still firmly crossed and his jaw set. The silence in the cathedral was deafening; she wished he would speak, explain himself, give her a reason to trust him again. But with the way he so stubbornly refused to say anything, she was beginning to feel a hopelessness filling her chest. Was this what it all came down to? He never actually wanted to help her succeed; he just wanted to tutor her for his own selfish aims?“I was wrong.”Constance held her breath. The words had been spoken so quietly, almost mumbled, that she couldn’t be certain she had heard him correctly. “Pardon?”With a pained expression, Hubert returned his gaze to her face. “The ritual is nearly risk free. Elder mages have performed it so many times over several generations that there is little left to perfect at this point. They have the right tools and expertise, they have nailed down the method… And still… I was reluctant to see you go through it, fearing that something might go awry this one time. A stupid weakness that I am working to eliminate.”She inhaled shallowly, staring into his intense eyes. Her heart fluttered in her chest. A… a weakness? For her?“I will not perform the ritual on you,” he continued. “But I will assist Thales as he does.” His arms dropped to his sides, and then he extended one of them toward her, inviting her to take his hand. She took it almost automatically, heart skipping a beat when he tugged her to him and wrapped an arm around her waist. “You will be a glorious elder mage,” he said in a low voice, using his free hand to gently grip her chin and tip her head back so that their gazes could meet. “Limitless… Fearless… You will never have to be afraid of anything ever again.”Constance sighed softly. Something about hearing Hubert’s voice like that—smooth, assured, warm—made her knees weak. If he hadn’t supported her with his arm, she might not have been able to stand up for much longer.“Limitless,” she repeated dreamily. Like the first time he had cast the elder sharing spell on her, showing her what it could be like to have nearly unlimited power. Imagine what she could achieve with such power… She would have her house reinstated in no time.“Yes,” he said, moving his hand to cup her neck. She let out a pleased hum, eyes fluttering closed as his fingertips gently massaged the back of her head. She felt his hair tickle her forehead. “A queen among men,” he whispered, his breath hot against her face. “Far above the beasts of the land.”His lips brushed against hers just as a jolt went through her mind. She opened her eyes, pulling back slightly with a frown. There was something… about that phrase. Something familiar. But her brain fog had returned, and every time she seemed to come close to the memory in question, it quietly slipped away into the whiteness again.“You must be tired,” Hubert said, his voice tethering her to the present. “You have had a long day of travel. You cannot go through the ritual in this state; it shall have to be tomorrow. I’m sure Thales has had someone prepare a room for you.”His hand fell away from her neck, and then the other moved to take her hand in his, squeezing it reassuringly. “Come with me.”She carefully gripped his arm with her other hand, supporting herself against him as he led her toward the cathedral’s entrance. She truly was tired. She had slept for a little while in the carriage, but surely she was behind in her sleeping schedule. And how long was it since she had viewed herself in a mirror…? Was her hair in order? Her make-up? If it was true that they had prepared a room for her, she would be incredibly grateful. She really needed to sleep and freshen up before she saw Hubert again.He led her through the city streets and past two guards into a large building behind the cathedral. She could barely keep her focus on her surroundings as they walked, but Hubert’s words about beasts still kept poking at her from the periphery of her attention. It wasn’t until they stopped in front of a pair of large ornamented doors, however, that she finally grasped the straw that she had been searching for. A letter—she had written him a letter, mentioning a phrase about beasts. That was all that she could remember at the moment, which was strange, but at least it was something.Hubert turned to face her in front of the doors, nearly causing her to topple over when he let go of her. He immediately gripped her shoulders to steady her, gazing down into her eyes with a soft smirk. “You’re so tired that you can barely stand up straight,” he said. “Will you be able to manage on your own, or do you want me to come inside with you?”Her cheeks flushed at the implication. If the happy day ever came that she invited Hubert into her bedroom, it would definitely not be when she was in this kind of state, all sleep-deprived and tousled beyond recognition. “Thank you, I will manage.”“Well, I will be in a room nearby if you change your mind.” He lifted a hand to her cheek, then leaned in to kiss her on the forehead. She let out a small squeak at the new and unfamiliar intimacy. “Good night.”His hand began to slip off her shoulder, his gaze already focused somewhere else, above and behind her.“Hubert?”He slowly returned his attention to her, looking somewhat stumped that she had addressed him.“Yes?”Her eyelids were threatening to close and lock themselves shut, but she pushed on, knowing that she would probably be wondering about this all night if she didn’t ask. “Did you receive my letter? I sent Crow with it yesterday.”Hubert looked at her thoughtfully, then shook his head. “No. As I told you, I only just returned from a mission.”“No Crow, then?”He gave her a smile that looked almost impatient. “No crows, no letters. I’m sorry. Perhaps it was lost in the wind; dropped in a river somewhere along the way.” He patted her on the shoulder. “Get some sleep. You will need the energy tomorrow.”As he turned and walked away, Constance stood frozen outside the doors, watching until he turned a corner and disappeared out of sight. Only then did she push her way inside the bedroom—which was much more spacious and luxurious than what she had gotten used to in Abyss, with an enormous bed, a heavy wooden desk and rows of wardrobes with mirrors along one wall. She closed the doors, searching for a key to lock them with but finding none. Then she stumbled over to the bed, falling face-first into the soft mattress and the abundance of pillows, finally allowing her eyes to fall closed. She couldn’t even bring herself to take off her clothes, though she did make an attempt at crawling underneath the blankets.Her mind swam with confusion and drowsiness, and each breath she took kept her right on the brink of consciousness. She knew that she needed to think about what had just happened; she needed to consider the consequences. But her brain refused to comply, and as she slowly felt herself drift away, Hubert’s last words to her remained a puzzle, floating just out of her reach.No crows, no letters.“I swear I wouldn’t do this if I didn’t think you were in danger,” Yuri muttered to himself as he gently nudged his tools into the lock on Constance’s bottom-most drawer. It was a simple lock, one that only took a few seconds to break. Pulling the drawer open and peering inside, he distantly wondered if Constance was aware of that. Neat stacks of envelopes, no doubt every single letter Hubert had ever sent to her, mocked him from the back of the drawer. He would have liked to say that he didn’t consider skimming through one or two of them, but in truth, he hesitated for almost five seconds before he firmly told himself,  no, you’re not that kind of jerk,  and focused instead on the loose sheets of paper and notebooks lying in front of the stacks. The letters might contain hints as to where she and Hubert had disappeared to, but he’d better go through the rest before he went down that hole. He owed that to her at least, for invading her privacy like this.Even rifling through her notebooks felt like a betrayal, but at least they didn’t seem to contain any kind of diary entries or private thoughts; from what he could see, these were the notebooks she used to take notes while researching new spells. Of course she would lock them in, he thought with a conflicted smile. To her, they were instrumental for her ambitious plans to restore her house, so she’d view them as some of her most important belongings.But he wasn’t here to get sentimental. He skimmed through her notes as fast as he could, deeming all the notes on potential spells to be irrelevant for what he wanted. He needed something—anything—that could tell him where she was. But then suddenly, he’d come to the end of her most recent notebook. He could tell from the date of the last entry that there wouldn’t be any point in searching for other hiding spaces: this was it. Exhaling heavily, he sank down fully next to the drawer, chewing on the inside of his cheek as he once again eyed the envelopes in the back. She’d never forgive him if he went through them, would she? And she would know. He didn’t doubt that his poker face would hold if she ever asked him about it, but it wouldn’t matter. Her trust in him was frail enough as it was; if she held even an ounce of doubt about his honesty, she probably wouldn’t hesitate to make him a stranger again… regardless of why he’d done it.With a frustrated groan, he lowered his gaze to the notebook in his lap. It was open to the last entry; an entire page filled with scribbled thoughts about some dark spell. He didn’t even know what to make of it. And the next page was blank. He smoothed his hand over it—only to freeze in place as he felt the tiniest ridges under his fingertips.Straightening so fast he knocked his knee into the drawer, he held up the notebook in front of his face, angling it so the light from the nearest candle illuminated it more fully. His next breath caught in his throat. There were marks on the page, barely even visible. Remnants of a page she’d written and then torn out of the notebook.He scrambled to his feet, absent-mindedly remembering to push the drawer closed with one of his feet before he bolted out of the women’s quarters and made his way to his own secret room down below. There, he brought out the charcoal he sometimes used as make-up, and quickly sketched it across the page. Immediately, Constance’s familiar cursive handwriting popped out. She had a bad habit of writing in the tiniest little script, probably to save paper considering how many notebooks she went through in a week, so reading her notes wasn’t easy to begin with. Having some of the letters hardly even be discernible through the charcoal didn’t make it any easier, but with a little effort, he could make out most of it. Standing with both hands flat against the surface of his desk, leaning in so close that the scent of the charcoal filled his nostrils, he soaked in what seemed to be the very end of a letter.

the sacred sun, and beyond the reach of the waters of Despair.” They fled beneath the ground. They fled into chambers such as the one where we found Flayn; where Jeritza hid. They fled into Abyss. It is the only thing which makes sense; Garreg Mach is located so much farther above sea level than the rest of Fódlan, so if they wanted to escape a flood, this would be the perfect place. I do not believe that they still remain here, but isn’t it likely that they could have another hideout similar to this one?

Crow… This text is referring to the dark faction of elder mages responsible for the kidnappings, the blood magic and the murder of the professor’s father. It is referring to those who murdered the citizens of Arianrhod, right after our troops had been there. You called them “those who slither in the dark”... They are elder mages, just like you, and they despise the Church, just as you do.

I realize that what I am about to say next borders on treason; however, I expect you to understand my predicament and look past the impropriety this once, considering the impossible position you have placed me in. Yesterday, I heard about your liege’s plans to tell the others that the Church is to blame for the attack. With everything else that I have found in mind, one could easily imagine that the two of you might be in liaison with those who slither in the dark. Why else would you attempt to conceal the true perpetrators of the attack? 

Tell me the truth, Crow. You once told me that you had no connection to the faction of dark mages responsible for the kidnapping and the murder. Do you still stand by that? Or are you—dare I say it—involved with those who slither in the dark? 

Can I trust any of the things you have told me about the Church, or is it all part of an intricate web of lies spun by you and your liege?

Come find me as soon as you have read this. I cannot stand being left alone with my thoughts and fears for much longer.

“Holy fucking shit.” The curse, mumbled in an emphatic statement, came out automatically as he reached the end of the letter. What the hell was this supposed to mean? Had Hubert decided that she’d learned too much, and gotten rid of her? No,  he told himself as he straightened and ran a shaky hand through his hair,  don’t go down that road just yet. There might be another explanation here. He clearly didn’t have the whole picture. But there were important clues here—a fucking heap of them. Even if Constance herself hadn’t known where these ‘slitherers’ had their headquarters when she wrote this, she’d given him enough to go by that he might be able to crack the code. Like Constance, he didn’t think Abyss housed any of them anymore—if it ever had—but it was a good starting point. Being located in the mountains, Garreg Mach was far above sea level, but the same could be said for plenty of other locations in Fódlan. Maybe with a little help from Edelgard, he could figure it out.Reading it over once again, he crudely copied down the words and phrases he thought could be the most important clues on a separate page:

… beneath the ground … fled into Abyss … so much farther above sea level … escape a flood … another hideout… “those who slither in the dark” …

He paused as he reached the third paragraph again. He briefly considered ripping that part off the rest of the page and tucking it into one of his own drawers. If he ever needed blackmail material on the Empress…But then he shook his head, discarding the thought. Instead, he ripped the entire page out of the notebook and brought it with him as he left the room to head for the surface, where he knew Edelgard would be waiting for him to give a report on what he’d been able to dig up. Finding Constance was more important than any potential blackmailing possibilities in the future. And he already knew that this letter would narrow the possibilities down enough that he might actually have a shot at finding her before it was too late.Warm light streamed in from the large windows along the wall, blending perfectly with the joy and excitement of the dancers in the Nuvelle ballroom. Constance sailed through the room, her laughter resounding in her own ears as she collected the gazes of the young men dancing with other noblewomen around her. She glanced down at her own body, wrapped in an exquisite pink dress with lacy details and a perfect ribbon accentuating her waist. Compared to her, everyone else was dull and gray, mere nondescript shapes; she couldn’t grasp any details about them even if she tried. No wonder all gazes were drawn to her as she passed by. But while she enjoyed the attention, there was something else she needed to do before she could join them.Sunlight warmed her face as she exited the building, leaving the music and voices in the ballroom behind. She closed her eyes for a moment, enjoying every second of being cradled by the kind light. But she soon opened them again, continuing down the path toward the gardens in the back of the estate. It was a perfect, lovely summer day, and she wanted to capture the last rays of the sun before it set on the dancing couples behind the windows. There would be more than enough time for dancing later; for now, something drew her to the pond in the middle of the garden, which reflected little shards of sunlight at her as she walked up to its edge. She gazed down into the water, letting her mind drift as she watched the soft ripples dance atop the surface. Easily exceeding the couples in the ballroom, the light made dazzling pirouettes and daring skips across the water, creating a private show for her eyes only. It was hypnotizing, capturing her full attention as she stared unblinkingly into the middle of the pond, unable to look away.A hand landed on her shoulder. She started to turn around, causing the hand to squeeze her more firmly. A warning. And suddenly, no matter how hard she tried, she was physically unable to turn her head to look behind her.“No,” the owner of the hand said, his voice dark yet elegant. “Below. In the water.”Once again, she lowered her gaze to the pond, but this time, to the area nearest the edge where she stood. The image that met her was instantly familiar. There she was, the young and bright Miss Nuvelle with a world of possibilities before her feet, dressed in one of her most beautiful dresses, with pink ribbons and swaths of silk and lace; and standing behind her, slightly to the right and with a hand on her shoulder, was the grim Hubert von Vestra. Towering over her, he was dressed in his military uniform, hair neatly cut and tucked behind his ear on one side while hanging into his face on the other. The contrast of the two of them was stark; her bright and soft curves competing with his dark and sharp angles. Something about him just didn’t quite fit into the rest of the image. While everyone else had seemed fuzzy along the edges, barely more than splotches of gray moving in the periphery of her attention, Hubert’s presence was impossible to ignore, his hand firmly grounding her and forcing her to pay attention. She calmly met his gaze. “Have you come to kill me?”The question surprised her as it poured effortlessly out of her mouth, giving shape to something she hadn’t even been conscious of thinking.“A fair question,” he said dryly, his lips moving in the image on the pond’s surface. “I did say I would if you went against my wishes, didn’t I? How fortunate that taking your life lies outside of my capabilities in this realm.”In this realm… What did he mean by that? Once again, she tried to turn her head to look behind her, but her neck would not move. All she could do was stare down at his mirror image among the dancing shards of sunlight. “I came to warn you,” he continued, voice low in her ear. “You cannot remain where you are. Whatever your reason for being in Shambhala, it is absolutely vital that you get out as soon as possible. And when you do, I need you to convey a message for me.”“What?” she asked, trying and failing to fully grasp what he was telling her. “What message?”“Tell Lady Edelgard,” he said, “that death has finally caught up with me, and if she sees me again, it is most assuredly not me.”All at once, the world around them stopped, its colors evaporating in the blink of an eye. She stared at their mirror image in the water, the gentle ripples on its surface now frozen in time. “Not… you,” she repeated slowly. Something about that was acutely familiar, and yet it remained somehow just out of her reach, like a distant memory that had just begun to fade. It was the same with the other thing he had said, about ‘Shambhala’. She tried to grasp at the thin strands tying that word to a memory from her past, but they kept slipping out of her hands. And yet, she had this instinctive sensation that there was something very important about all of this. Something that could mean life or death for both of them.“You cannot take back the mistakes you have already made,” Hubert said. “Nor can I. All I can do now is warn you for the future. Do not trust anyone, and especially not me.”Constance strained herself in a final effort to understand. Especially not him? And what was that about death having caught up with—A terrible realization hit her. She reached up to cover his hand with hers, flinching at how cold and hard his fingers felt beneath her touch. They felt more like stone than human flesh.“Hubert,” she breathed, watching her gray reflection in the water widen her eyes. “Are you in danger?”He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. Then his hand slipped out from under hers, leaving her shoulder feeling horribly empty.“That is nothing you should concern yourself with,” he said. “We are out of time. You need to get yourself out, and convey my message.”“But—”“There is nothing else you can do that will change anything at this point. You will only place yourself and Lady Edelgard—all of Fódlan, even—in greater danger if you try to help me. Is that clear?”She stared into his stern eyes in the reflection, feeling hopelessly trapped. She couldn’t move, couldn’t think clearly, couldn’t even speak all of a sudden. As she watched the image of the two of them, she saw herself nod against her will.Hubert’s appearance blinked out of existence in the reflection, then returned again. When his image stabilized, he lifted a hand and pressed it gently against her back, right between her shoulder blades.“Apologies for this,” he said, “but I cannot let him discover the connection, and my grasp is already slipping.” He hesitated for a short moment, and as she stared into his gaze in the water, she thought that she could see regret in his eyes. “Farewell, Sunshine.”With a hard shove, she was pushed forward, her arms flailing as she tried to find her balance. She yelped, looking for Hubert to help, but his shape in the water was gone. She fell helplessly, her body slamming into the surface of the pond just as its ripples once again came to life.Torn out of the water and into darkness, Constance gasped for air, hands clawing at her chest as she tried to get her breathing under control. Her heart was racing, the sheets clinging to her body, which was drenched in sweat. She forced her eyes open and stared up at the dusk ceiling above her, faintly lit in an eerie blue. As her panic gave way to confusion, and eventually to realization, she sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed.

This was not Abyss. She was in a bedroom in Shambhala.

The City Without Light.

What time was it…? Apart from a soft humming from the walls, most likely a result of the magic running through the luminescent blue veins around her, everything was very quiet. But she must have been sleeping for a few hours at least, since she already felt a lot more alert than before.

She tried to breathe slow, steady breaths as she let her gaze move over the room, feeling dread rise in her chest as the significance of Hubert’s words caught up to her. That had

been an ordinary dream. Somehow, he had managed to communicate with her in her sleep; she was sure of it. He was in great danger—convinced that he would not survive to warn Lady Edelgard himself—and he’d warned her not to trust anyone, especially not him.

Her hand flew up to her lips as she recalled the near-kiss she had shared with someone she had believed was Hubert in the cathedral. But if that was not him… Then who was it?

The answer came to her like a bolt from the blue: it must have been an Agarthan. Solon had borrowed the shape of Tomas the librarian, Thales had taken on the appearance of Lady Edelgard’s uncle… And someone—a complete stranger, probably with his own nefarious aims—had worn Hubert’s face and tried to manipulate her into trusting him. And he might have succeeded, if it hadn’t been for his slip-up in the last moment. 

‘No crows, no letters.’

That was a strange response to give when asked if Crow had shown up with a letter; a response that someone might give if they didn’t understand that ‘Crow’ was a given name, not a denomination of a species of bird. If someone thought that she had sent them a letter

crow, replying ‘No crows, no letters’ wouldn’t be so strange. But for Hubert, who knew very well that Crow was a large wolf, such a reply was very odd indeed—especially considering what he had said next, about the letter possibly having been lost in the wind or dropped in a river along the way. 

Her sweat had turned cold on her skin now. She wrapped her arms around herself as she stood on unsteady legs. Had she been drugged? Cursed? The Agarthan that wore Hubert’s appearance must have done

to her, but at least the effects seemed to have lessened somewhat since he left her. And that was well, because regardless of what Hubert had forced her to promise in her dream, she would not leave him to die. 

She needed to find him before it was too late.

She needed to find Hubert before it was too late.He had given the impression that he didn’t know  why  she was in Shambhala, but nonetheless, he knew  that she was there. Not to mention: he had managed to create a magical connection to her that was strong enough for them to speak with each other for several minutes, even if merely in a dream. That must mean that he was somewhere nearby, surely?She padded quietly to the door, listening for sounds outside. She could hear nothing out of the ordinary, but even if there were no guards placed outside her door, she didn’t doubt that they would have a watchful eye on her door somehow. It was clear that she had been deceived; she was not a guest here, but a prisoner.Leaning her back against the door, she took a moment to breathe slowly and collect her thoughts. She needed to come up with a plan that included three things: 1) escaping this room unnoticed, 2) finding the real Hubert, and 3) leaving Shambhala together with Hubert, preferably alive. … How in the world was she supposed to do that?She sank to the floor, burying her face in her hands with a soft groan. If only Yuri had been here. He would already have formed a plan; several even, that they could pick and choose from. But she was alone, and she couldn’t trust that Hubert would be of much help when she found him either. For all she knew, he could be dead already.No. Do not think of that now.She needed to keep a clear head if she was to get out of this alive together with Hubert.So what would Yuri have done? She tried to channel him, imagining what he would be saying if he was there with her.‘You look like hell, Shady Lady. Ever heard of beauty sleep?’She scoffed at herself. No, he wouldn’t say that. Perhaps her mental image of him from several years ago would, but she knew him well enough now to know better.She tried again, imagining that he stood beside her in the room.‘Hey, come on, there’ll be time to sleep later. We need to save your lover.’With a sigh, she leaned her head back against the door, letting her hands slip from her face. Well, that was more like it, she supposed. But she wasn’t sleeping, she was despairing. Couldn’t he see the difference?‘Still a waste of time. Come on, get up. I have a plan.’Feeling somewhat silly for placing her trust in an imaginary Yuri, she nonetheless stood up and turned toward the door, placing a palm against the cold material. What plan could there possibly be? She didn’t know the layout of the city, she didn’t know what kind of technology they had—only that it was far above anything she had ever seen—and if she left this room, they would surely capture her in an instant. ‘What if they wouldn’t?’  Yuri asked in her mind.  ‘You may not know their technology, but perhaps the same can be said for them. They don’t know what you’re capable of.’ He had a point. Assuming that Hubert hadn’t actually told them anything, they must have found out about her Crest some other way. And that could mean that they didn’t have any knowledge of what kinds of magic she knew. Casting elder magic was risky, considering that it was their very area of expertise; but what about faith magic? They had turned their backs on the goddess after all—perhaps their knowledge of faith magic was limited.She recalled Hubert’s reaction when she had showed him her light spell by the pond at Garreg Mach. He had taken it in with a wondrous expression on his face, clearly surprised and fascinated by what she had been able to achieve. And that was Hubert, who had taken classes in magic by none other than Byleth, the faith master himself. Those who slithered in the dark surely had to know even less than him? ‘Perfect,’  imaginary Yuri said. She could even see him smirk in her mind’s eye.  ‘Now we’re playing my kind of game. Dazzle them with your light magic! Or even better: use it to conceal yourself. If you can make images appear out of nothing, surely you can bend the light around real objects to trick the eye into thinking that they aren’t there?’ She parted her lips, staring into the door as she considered this idea. Concealing herself from view? But she had never tried to use her light magic on a moving object…‘That’s not true. Remember the tea? You made it change color even as it was being poured from the pot. And the surface of the pond moved as well, touched by the wind.’That was true. She had some experience with moving objects, then. To conceal  herself,  however, was a much more energy-intensive endeavor, if she could even do it in the first place. It shouldn’t be  impossible,  but… It would be slow, and dangerous, and she still didn’t know where she was going, so she might be stumbling around Shambhala for hours and hours, exhausted from bending the light around herself for so long…‘Are you sure you don’t have a way to figure out where he is? No spell to sense him nearby? Nothing comes to mind at all?’She rolled her eyes at her own Yuri. She didn’t much care for his tone, but his implication was clear. Of course she had a spell to locate Hubert, but she didn’t know whether it would work in Shambhala, and whether Thales and his cohorts would notice magic of such magnitude being cast in their city. While her lightning magic might not be visible to the sheer eye, it was powerful and physical, and if she accidentally sent it through another human body, they might be able to discern its power.  ‘Do you have a better idea?’ Yuri asked.She thought for another moment, raking her mind for a better solution, but no, nothing did come to mind. She sighed, leaning her forehead against the door. This might be one of the most foolish things she would ever do—perhaps even the  last thing she would ever do. But she knew that it was likely her only chance to locate Hubert in time to save him.“If this fails, I will blame you, Yuri,” she whispered.‘You mean you’ll credit me when you succeed.’She huffed in amusement. At least with imaginary Yuri, she wouldn’t actually have to live up to any promises made in a weak moment. She silently promised to give him credit if she managed to survive (meaning, in fact, that she would only be crediting herself, but there was no need to tell him that) and then, closing her eyes, she carefully called on her lightning.The second that the tendrils of magic shot out from her fingertips, she knew that something was very wrong—but she couldn’t reign it in fast enough to stop. Her lightning magic had latched on to something, something that was very much neither a human body nor any kind of material she had ever come upon before; and it latched on to it with such vigor that all the air rushed out of her lungs at the force of it. A large, sprawling network had opened itself up beneath her fingertips, spreading so far that she couldn’t even see the end of it, and her magic was eagerly running through it, pushing its way through every corner and angle of the network as it explored long lines of power wrapping around the entire city. Constance nearly lost herself in it, gaping at the sheer immensity of the branchwork. For every second, her mental map of it grew tenfold as her magic kept flowing further and further away from her. And there was something else there, too, asking her—begging her—to utilize its power.It took her much too long to realize that she must have somehow connected to the city’s magical blue veins, but when she did, she immediately reigned her magic back in, stumbling back blindly as it slammed into her again. She slapped a hand over her mouth as violent coughs forced their way up through her throat, her lungs irritated by the force of impact against her chest. Her hand was trembling.What in the world…?Even imaginary Yuri was stumped, staring at her with wide eyes as she tried to regain her bearings.  ‘Did you just…?’ “Yes,” she breathed, wrapping her arms around herself as she bent over double. “The city… works on lightning magic.”It couldn’t be true, could it? This was a city built from elder magic. And yet… She had felt the power at her fingertips, buzzing and pulsating, asking her for commands. If only this hadn’t been a life or death situation, she would have loved to explore it further, but as it stood, it seemed dangerous to try again.‘But you didn’t find Hubert, did you?’“I… I do not know if I can,” she whispered. “I don’t know how to direct my magic away from the blue veins. It  wants to flow through it. Without more experience… I do not see a way to divert its attention.”‘Then don’t. Let it run freely. See where it takes you.’The thought made her pause, her fingers flexing automatically as she considered it. See where it took her… Well, it was better than doing nothing, she supposed; and if she was fortunate, she might find something that could help her figure out where Hubert was.Taking a deep breath and straightening in front of the door, she closed her eyes again as she called the lightning to her fingertips. It complied willingly, eager to return to the strange and exciting network. This time, she was better prepared for the sensation. While she had always considered her lightning magic a sixth sense of sorts, this was on an entirely different level. As her magic swept through the branches at the speed of light, she formed an image in her mind of the whole city and its paths in the walls and floors. It almost felt as though she could reach out and touch it with her hands, or even control it if she wanted to. She had the distinct sensation that he might even be able to overcharge the network with her magical energy, possibly damaging its branches. Was this common knowledge among elder mages? Did they all wield some variant of lightning magic? She couldn’t remember ever having seen Hubert cast such magic.Now that she dared to push through as far as she could, she quickly realized that some of the lines terminated in what seemed as dead ends; and some of these, in turn, led her to human shapes. The human beings were fuzzy, even more than usual when she sensed through an area, but she was able to determine that they were not people she recognized, at least. All of them were interacting with the blue veins in the buildings and floor in some way, borrowing their energy for strange devices that vibrated with power. She carefully went through each instance of these, eliminating all alternatives as leading her only to strangers.Until she found something—or someone—that stuck out from the rest. Someone who was not merely using the power of the veins, but who instead was  connected to them.She frowned, trying to zero in on the sensation. This shape was even fuzzier and duller than the others, as though barely alive. Her breath caught as she realized that this may very well be Hubert, struggling to endure whatever Thales might be subjecting him to. Commanding her magic to concentrate on this one area, which seemed to be just a few buildings away from her bedroom, she managed to focus on the shape closely enough to determine with good cause that it must be Hubert. He was lying down, his breathing dangerously shallow, but he was still alive.  We are not out of time just yet. Worrying that she might alert someone to her presence if she remained for too long, she withdrew from the network, returning to reality with a shiver as she opened her eyes again. Filled with new determination, she pushed open the door—far enough that she could see a sliver of the hallway outside, but gently enough that it hopefully shouldn’t alert anyone nearby. She couldn’t see anyone in the hallway. Through a window on the opposite wall, she could glimpse the back streets of Shambhala, where figures she didn’t recognize walked along the streets. She briefly wondered what day-night cycles the inhabitants of Shambhala went by. Without a sun to guide them, would it still be custom to sleep at this time of night, or would the main streets be filled with people?She took a deep breath. She couldn’t hesitate; Hubert might not have enough time for her to waste. Releasing the door again, she walked back into the room and stood in front of one of the mirrors by the wardrobes, cringing slightly at the sight of her so disheveled. Her hair was unbrushed and her clothes wrinkled and speckled with dirt, but she pushed it out of her mind, focusing instead on preparing to cast her light magic. While she wouldn’t exactly call herself an amateur at faith magic at this point, black magic still came more easily to her. But she’d had her fair share of practice at casting faith magic over the past years, and together with the elder magic she had learned and practiced—which had many aspects that were similar to faith magic—the magic circle and the order of the glyphs and symbols were simple enough to channel. “Dear Goddess, if you can hear me, please grant me your power,” she whispered as she clasped her hands together in front of her chest. She might be overly cautious, praying to the goddess so expressly, but if it could help strengthen her magic further, it would be worth it tenfold.As the magic circle appeared before her, glowing and spinning in all its glory, Constance felt the power build up within and the familiar sensation of bright hope warm her insides. Unclasping her hands, she let the magic stream through her limbs and into her fingertips as she began to weave the light around herself. Keeping a close eye on her reflection in the mirror, she guided the waves of light into new pathways around her body, painstakingly hiding the different parts of her body from even her own view one by one. First her feet, then her ankles, then her calves faded away into nothing. And along with them, so did her energy reserves. She could already sense that sustaining this magic—and adapting it to the changing light conditions as she moved through Shambhala—would drain her energy very quickly. She would need to hurry straight toward the chambers where she had sensed Hubert.She watched the last parts of her disappear in the mirror and took a moment to study the end results. With knowledge of her presence, it would still be quite easy to discern that she was standing there; she wasn’t strong enough to create a perfect veil of light around herself, so there were small ripples and other strange imperfections in the air where she stood. With a sigh, she told herself that it would have to do. There was no time to work on the spell for any longer, and even if there had been, it would only drain her further.Taking a small step forward, she tested the flexibility of the magic to see how quickly it would fail and reveal her. To her great relief, only slight adjustments were needed to keep her hidden, and as long as she moved slowly, she could manage them rather well. Even when she turned away from the mirror, thus unable to determine with her own eyes whether she was still hidden, she could somehow sense how she needed to manipulate the light in order to keep the veil intact. The magic was pliant and obedient, almost eager to help her, and she caught herself wondering whether the goddess had truly heard her prayers. Perhaps the deity still had some faith in her, even after she had betrayed the Church and delved into elder magic.Imaginary Yuri, who had been silent as she cast her magic, scoffed at that thought.  ‘I’d say it’s more likely the goddess doesn’t exist, and you’re just that good.’ “Smoke and mirrors,” she murmured, recalling what real Yuri had told her around the time when she first started exploring elder magic. The faith level theory, according to which stronger faith magic could be cast by those closer to the goddess, clearly didn’t hold water. ‘Now go use some of those tricks to save your lover, Shady Lady.’She winced as she walked toward the doors. She couldn’t even escape his awful pet name for her in her own head.She hesitated by the doors, then turned back to move a few pillows beneath the blankets on the bed in the shape she hoped would look enough like a human being in the dusk lighting that if anyone looked inside, they would assume that she was asleep. When she was satisfied with the appearance, she returned to the doors and carefully nudged one open.The first daring steps out into the hallway were almost as anxiety-ridden as stepping into bright sunlight. She felt exposed, which was ironic considering that even if the hallway hadn’t been empty, no one should have been able to spot her. The light veil held with her continuous adjustments as she walked down the hallway until she eventually reached two double doors which she suspected led outside. She had a faint memory of seeing two guards outside of the building; were they still there? There were no windows in the doors, so she couldn’t be certain. If they were there, perhaps she could distract them somehow? ‘They’ll check your room for sure if they suspect something’s up,’ Yuri said.Yes, that seemed logical. But she couldn’t exactly shatter the window and climb out without making a ruckus, and there were no other ways outside. Besides, Thales would surely keep an eye on all exits from the building. Not to mention faux Hubert who was supposedly resting somewhere in the vicinity. A shiver went through her body. So, how to leave unnoticed?‘A distraction coming from inside would make them suspicious… But a distraction coming from outside, on the other hand…’Constance frowned. A distraction coming from outside… Yes, as long as they couldn’t connect anything to her, they hopefully shouldn’t check her room. And she believed she knew of a way to create a distraction outside.Temporarily lowering her magical veil of light so that she could draw on her reserves for other purposes, she called on her lightning magic a third time, feeling almost familiar in the network by now. She let her magic flow through the branches until they reached a point nearby, in a building on the opposite side of the street. She could visualize the blue-green veins running across the surface of the building, and before she could second-guess herself, she concentrated on one particular spot and pushed through with all of her magical might into it. The network was stronger than she had anticipated, holding against even the mightiest of forces she could upbring, but she could feel her power eating through its defenses, and so she pushed on.The burst came so unexpectedly and strongly that she had to struggle to stay connected as the sheer force of it tried to push her out. She wanted to make certain that she had indeed overpowered the branch and not simply run across some sort of safety mechanism in the network, but she wouldn’t have needed to bother, because even from inside the hallway, she could hear a new ruckus outside.Releasing her hold of the network, she ran up to the doors and carefully nudged one of them open. She must have been correct about the guards; they now stood on the other side of the street, trying to calm a small crowd of people around them as the veins on the front of the nearby building sparked violently. As she watched, several more guards came running from another direction; these were dressed in mage robes.If she wanted to make full use of her distraction, she must do it quickly. Reshaping the light veil around her, she opened the doors just enough that she could slip through, and then made her way down the street as close to the walls as possible.Hubert, I am on my way.Light and shapes played in the corners of his eyes, low murmurs buzzing all around him. He was so cold he couldn’t even hold back the shivers anymore. Struggling to keep his eyes open, he slowly rocked his head from side to side in an attempt to stay conscious. His breaths were fast and shallow: he couldn’t seem to get a good lungful of air. Focus. Keep your head clear. 

But for how long? How long should I try to endure this before I finally allow myself to give up?Anxiety lay like a wet blanket over him, pressing against his chest and making it difficult to think of anything but the fact that he was going to die. He couldn’t be sure whether it was just the anxiety playing tricks on his mind, or whether there truly was no other way out at this point, but trying to think clearly when his body was doing everything it could to beat him into submission was nearly impossible.He struggled weakly against his bonds in one last attempt to break free, but they just cut even more deeply into his skin. What had he thought? That he would suddenly be able to break loose now, when he knew that he hadn’t been able to make them budge even at his full power?You will die here. Here, in a cold, suffocating room deep underground, with little of your senses remaining. Here, stripped of your dignity and brought to the very edge of your limits. This is where you will finally die.Yes… It was likely that he would. At least he had managed to reach through to Constance, with what little presence of mind he had left. Reaching out for her had been a desperate measure, one that he hadn’t had much faith in. He didn’t know whether to be relieved or devastated by the fact that he had managed it, since it meant that she must be somewhere in Shambhala as well. He could only hope that she would be able to find a way out somehow, and warn Lady Edelgard. Lady Edelgard…  He could almost see her face now, her mouth set and her eyes cool, but with the telltale wrinkle of concern between her eyebrows as she was told of his demise. As long as she would know not to trust anyone who wore his face… As long as she had Constance by her side…“Hubert.”Tiredly, he blinked up into her face. Her eyes were filling with fear now, her mouth falling open as she called his name again. Light blond hair framed her face, and some of it hung forward over him, tickling his forehead. A hand came up and pressed gently against his cheek; he leaned into it with a soft hum, feeling a warm calmness spread from her palm and into his body.“Hubert, please,” she pleaded, eyes widening in terror. “Say something.”“Lady Edelgard,” he said, fighting to properly enunciate the words. “Do not… be afraid…”She shook her head. Another hand came up to press against his other cheek. “No,” she said in a voice brimming with panic. “Hubert, I am not Lady Edelgard. Do you not recognize me?”He frowned up at her, trying to interpret the features in the face hovering above his own. Bright, intelligent eyes… Lips like pink rose petals… A small, somewhat round nose… If this was not Lady Edelgard, then… He struggled to think. Someone who had similar features to Lady Edelgard…?“... Sunshine,” he mumbled, and at the instant relief in her face, he knew that he had guessed correctly. Despite feeling his heart sink at the realization that she had once again failed to comply with his orders, he huffed out an exhausted laugh. “Of course… When did you ever do as I asked…”She stroked some of his sweat-soaked hair out of his face. “I am getting you out,” she said, her gaze moving over to something next to him. “What is this device? It has long tendrils of… something, which are connected to your skin.”“It drains… my blood,” he breathed. A light tug in his arms told her that she had disconnected him from the machine. “I need to break these bonds, as well,” she said, seeming to speak more to himself than to him. “But if I use my lightning magic, it might travel into your skin… Perhaps if there was… hm.”Her face disappeared from view, and then she mumbled something to herself that he couldn’t discern. He focused on trying to breathe steadily through the anxiety that still held him in a firm grip. The danger was not over yet; he might still very well die, and if Constance was here, that meant that she was in great danger as well.“No,” he said, feeling a feverish fear rise within him. “You must leave.”“Don’t be ridiculous! I will not leave you here. Do you mean to say that you don’t have faith in my ability to get us both out?”“I told you,” he said slowly, powering through each word. “You need to warn Lady Edelgard. If we both die…”“We will not die, and I will  not leave you here. Do you understand? Either we both leave Shambhala, or neither of us does.”He closed his eyes and turned his face away from her, trying to calm himself. She was completely unreasonable, but if he got himself worked up, he might just die sooner.  Breathe. Think. “And how,” he asked slowly when he’d allowed himself a moment to smother his frustration, “do you expect me to escape in this sorry state?”“I have a plan. Now be silent! You must save your energy.” What energy?  he thought tiredly. Some part of him had known that she wouldn’t listen to his request, but he had still wanted to try. He didn’t want to die here, but it was better than risking Lady Edelgard´s vision and the future of Fódlan. Now, however… Seeing that Constance wasn’t budging, he supposed he needed to accept the situation and adapt. Always adapt.There was a clicking sound, and then Constance leaned over him again. He felt warm hands cover the wounds on his arms. “I shall try to heal you as best I can, but I do not think that I can regenerate much of the blood that you have already lost. I might be able to speed up the process, however.”She mumbled something below her breath again. The warmth in her hands seemed to slowly start to transfer into his body, pouring into his veins and running up his arms. He squirmed, wincing at the discomfort.“It will be over soon,” she said. “White magic is not my forté, I’m afraid…”He groaned. “Perhaps refrain from telling your future patients that,” he said with some effort, but he was already feeling a little energy return, and the worst haze was lifting.“Point taken,” she huffed.The warmth faded after another moment, and then her arms carefully wrapped around his torso. She was trying to pull him up into a seated position, but with little luck.“Hubert,” she complained. “Can you help?”Clenching his jaw, he exerted enough power to push himself forward with her help. His head spun; he gripped her shoulders before he could think, and she grabbed the sides of his torso to hold him steady. As he saw his own hands, he realized with faint surprise that she had managed to release him from his bonds. And then, in the next second, he remembered that he didn’t have his gloves on. His hands twitched in an impulse to pull away, but he forced them to remain.  Don’t make a fool of yourself.  Constance studied him with a concerned frown. They’d taken his clothes, leaving him in a simple white shirt and a pair of thin pants. Both his hands and his feet were bare; it wasn’t like he needed his gloves or shoes where they’d meant for him to go. “There is an Agarthan walking around in your clothes,” she said, lifting her gaze to meet his.“Don’t call them that,” was his instinctive response, sputtered out with pure disgust. “They’re filth. Creeps slithering in the dark.”Constance looked shocked by his outburst for a second, before her expression contorted into anger. “You could not have told me that earlier?”“If you’d trusted me,” he said slowly, “and kept silent as I asked—”“Oho, that is rich!” she exclaimed, throwing her head back. “If I’d  trusted you? What about yourself? You clearly didn’t trust me enough to tell me the truth!”He squeezed his eyes shut, feeling his head spin again. She was not entirely wrong, but neither did she have the full picture. “Fine. We can talk about it later, if we survive this.” Opening his eyes again, he was relieved to see that she wasn’t looking quite as angry anymore. He took a deep breath, powering through the pain and exhaustion to speak. “They plan to replace me with one of their own—permanently. To ascertain that they will have control of the Empire even after we have defeated the Church. None the wiser.”Her face fell. “Oh,” she breathed, then looked away. “I… I saw him. Their replacement for you. He was…” She trailed off, but before he could ask her to elaborate, she looked back again and continued, “Is that what they need your blood for?”“Perhaps,” he said, struggling somewhat to push through the remaining mind haze. “Much of their methods and plans remain unknown to me. I do not know the secret behind their transformations.” He paused to take in her expression, which was more fearful than angry now. She looked younger like this, reminding him of a young Lady Edelgard… Or perhaps it was his mind playing tricks on him again. “You should not be here. Thales knows about your Crest, and they—”“I know,” she said, cutting him off. She looked away again, as though she was hesitant to continue. “He wants me to go through the elder ritual and join their ranks… unless that was a lie, that is.”He stared at her as he tried to work through what this meant. Of course… Thales had doubtlessly figured out that Hubert had tutored Constance in elder magic, and saw an opportunity to capitalize on it. “They have the Noa Crest Stone,” he said, watching shock spark in her eyes. “They might have a compatible Relic as well. If they could manipulate you into going through the ritual and joining their faction…”  If they could turn her against the Empire…  “You would be a magnificent weapon.”And he had no doubt that it would be possible for Thales to manipulate Constance into joining them. Apart from all the power they could promise her if she joined them, they had also intended to replace  him with one of their own; a puppet to use however they wanted. If someone with his face told Constance to trust them… She would be eating out of their hand within moments.The sudden realization that Constance likely trusted him enough that he would be able to manipulate her into something like that was almost more dizzying than the blood loss. She was completely silent now, blindly staring past him as she digested what he had just told her. And what a thing he had told her. Not only had she been informed that those who slithered in the dark had a Crest Stone from her ancestor in their possession; she was also forced to accept the fact that they had meant to use her as a puppet as well, alongside him. Feeling somewhat less weak and dazed after Constance’s healing magic, he decided to take a risk by withdrawing his hands from her shoulders and using them to support himself on the machine table instead. He was still angry that she had compromised everything by running her mouth in front of Arundel, but that was a discussion for later. He couldn’t help but feel responsible for pulling her into this in the first place. If he hadn’t contacted her in  The Compendium…  If he hadn’t decided to tutor her in elder magic… She would have continued on her merry way, specialized in black magic, and never looked at him twice. She could have been blissfully unaware of Thales and his disgusting ilk.But instead… He had brought her into this mess, lying to her and deceiving her again and again, until finally he had her so completely under his thumb that she willingly followed one of the most dangerous people in Fódlan into the deepest parts of the underground and almost went through a dark ritual with unknown consequences—just to be with him.Whatever selfish hopes and wishes he might have had for a future with her by his side, if they came out of this alive, he needed to stomp those dreams out. She deserved better. Much, much better.Constance lowered her gaze to one of his hands, and he could see the moment that her gaze caught on the black web-like pattern snaking its way up from his fingers and all the way to his wrist. There was a momentary pause in her breathing, and her pupils widened. He forced himself to stay still.“Hubert,” she said quietly. “What does the ritual entail?”“That can wait,” he said. “We can’t remain here. You said you have a plan?”To his dismay, she crossed her arms over her chest and shook her head. “We are not leaving until you have told me. Be quick about it if you can, but do not withhold the vital parts.”Hubert exhaled deeply. He’d expected to have to answer that question sooner or later, but not like this. And he knew even before she said it that he couldn’t refuse to answer this time. There was still the issue of leaving Shambhala unscathed somehow, but if there was anything he’d learned from all of the recent events, it was that keeping her in the dark about the important details did more damage than good.“Fair enough,” he said with a sigh. “There are supposedly two variants. The most effective one—the one I went through—can only be performed by Thales and his dark bishops. The other one can be performed by any elder mage. Truth be told, I do not know for certain that it works; I haven’t seen it with my own eyes, but I have read several sources swearing by it, and apparently the Church has been known to perform similar rituals with faith magic.”“The ritual you would perform on me,” Constance said. When he nodded, she continued, “And how does it—supposedly—work?”“It involves drinking the blood of an elder mage who has gone through the full ritual,” he said, watching her widen her eyes. “Could that be what they need your blood for?”“I doubt it. There is no reason why they would need mine over anyone else’s.”She nodded slowly, considering this. “And the full ritual? What does it entail?”He hesitated as he tried to decide on how to phrase it. “Explaining it in detail will take more time than we have. In brief, it involves implanting Agarthan technology into the body, as a supplementary power source which allows for more powerful magic.”Constance covered her mouth with her hand, staring at him in silence. Her gaze flickered down to his chest, and he immediately knew what she was thinking. He carefully unbuttoned the top four buttons on his shirt with one hand, then pulled the fabric away from his chest to reveal the scar over his heart. She shook her head, clearly uncomfortable about the revelation.“What are you saying…?” she asked in a wavering voice, having lowered her hand to speak. “In order to perform the ritual on me, Thales permanently stopped my heart and implanted a Crest Stone imbued with their technology into my chest. So you see, I am more similar to Thales and Solon than I would perhaps like to be. And in some ways… even to Byleth.” Constance vehemently shook her head. “What has been caused by magic can be undone by magic!”“Perhaps,” he acknowledged as he buttoned his shirt again, “although it is likely I would die if the stone was removed.”“But—but that simply cannot…” She trailed off and lowered her gaze.He placed a hand on her shoulder. “I made my choice,” he assured her in a low voice, “and I stand by it. The stone in my chest has granted me access to magic I could only ever dream of wielding before the ritual. It has served Lady Edelgard well. And now… if we are fortunate, it might help us escape this place.”Constance looked up into his face with a defeated sigh. “Yes. Escape…” She glanced toward the door. The room they were in was small and windowless, filled with whirring machines. He had no idea how she’d managed to find him here, but they had wasted enough time on questions. Now was the time for action.Slowly, he pushed himself off the machine and onto his feet, still supporting himself against it with one hand. He gritted his teeth against the dizziness and pain that immediately surged through him. Constance rushed forward to help, but he held up a hand to stop her, shaking his head. He just needed a moment.“So,” he said when the room had stopped spinning so violently, “the plan you mentioned…?”He was used to always having plans, extra plans and emergency plans on top of contingency plans, and so he absolutely hated being this powerless and dependent on someone else in a situation like this. He doubted Constance’s plan was perfect, but hopefully it was at least plausible, because so far, he had none of his own.“Yes,” she said thoughtfully. “I made it here by concealing myself with light magic, so my plan was to do the same again. However… I realize now that I may have exhausted some of my reserves by casting such demanding magic earlier. That, and… the door seems to have locked behind me, and I could not get it open again.”Hubert raised his eyebrows, expecting her to continue—to go on to her contingency plan—but when she simply looked back at him with a wince, he realized she didn’t have any.He squeezed his eyes closed.  She went against my orders… Risked her life… Told me she had a plan… And there is nothing?  She had just gone to save him on impulse?“I know what you are thinking,” she said quickly. “But there was no time to come up with a sound strategy. Had I waited for longer, you might not even have been conscious!”“Fantastic,” he said, opening his eyes to glare at her. “You threw away your own life as well as possibly every single other life in Fódlan, and for what?”She let out an affronted gasp. “Wh—For  you!  To save you!”“I didn’t ask you to save me,” he retorted sharply. “In fact, I believe I asked the opposite.”“Yes, you asked me to leave you behind! But how could I?”“Why would you throw  everything  away,” he growled, “just for a negligent sliver of a chance to save me? How could you be so reckless? So…  thoughtless?” He’d raised his voice at the last part, spitting out the very last word like a venomous dagger. She flinched, proving that he’d hit a vulnerable point. It wasn’t satisfying to see, and he didn’t want to yell at her, but she was so…  so… “Because I love you,” she said with a trembling voice.His thoughts grinded to a halt.  She… What… No. He looked away, feeling the little blood he had left in his body buzz in his ears. “... Don’t,” he forced out. “Don’t do this. Not now.”“Would you leave me here, if it was the other way around?” she pushed, gesturing toward the machine. “Would you leave me to die? Even if it was for the good of Fódlan?”“Yes,” he growled, turning his head to glare at her again. She looked fragile. Exposed. All the better if he wanted to reach through to her. “Don’t you understand? I’ve told you time and time again: You will  never come first.”She shook her head, brow furrowing. “I do not need to come first,” she said. “I understand that your first place is already occupied. I would never ask you to choose me over Lady Edelgard.”He bared his teeth, clenching the edge of the machine with his hand so hard that it cut into his palm. “Then what do you  want from me?”He was growing frustrated. He thought they had already established this; that there was no way he could give her what she wanted. She would never be satisfied. While she might think now that it wouldn’t be an issue, he knew better. She would be unhappy by his side; she would become bitter, grow to despise him. He would rather see her dead than have that happen.“What I want…” she said quietly, seeming to search for the right words. Then she smiled faintly; a smile that almost bordered on sorrowful. “I suppose the question is, what do you want to give me?”He blinked at her. That was… not what he had expected her to say. What he wanted to give her…? He raked his brain for a response, but none came forward. Had he ever even allowed himself to consider what he might want to give her? What he  could give her?“That is irrelevant,” he said, hoping—but not truly believing—that she would accept that as his answer.“Surely not,” she argued. “I would say it is a question of utmost relevance. Especially if we are about to die here together. Do you not owe me this, at the very least?” I don’t owe you for anything,  was his instinctive reaction, but he knew that wasn’t quite true. He did owe her: For lying to her, for manipulating her, for causing her to somehow fall in love with him… If nothing else, he owed her for pulling her into all of this from the beginning. But what did she expect? For him to open the floodgates and let uncensored wants and needs rush out freely? Even if he’d wanted to, he’d repressed his own needs for so long that he didn’t even know if he could reach them anymore.Constance kept looking at him with her intensely blue eyes, almost as though she could see through his barriers and into his very thoughts. But if  he didn’t know what he wanted, how could she?When he remained silent, Constance took a small step closer, holding his gaze. “Do you perhaps want… to tutor me in elder magic?”He watched her cautiously, relieved to get an easier question, but still somewhat suspicious of her intentions. “I believe my actions speak for themselves in that regard.”One corner of her mouth perked up slightly. She took another very small step closer. “And do you want to… help me overcome my fear of the sun?”He nodded slowly. In his mind’s eye, he saw the look of terror she had given him the first time he saw her in sunlight. The second time… had been painful as well, although admittedly for different reasons. Either way, the answer came easily. “I do.”“Hm,” she said, tilting her head slightly to the side as she took another step toward him. She was less than five feet away now; he had to bend his neck to meet her gaze. “Do you find me a pleasant conversational partner? Through letters, or otherwise?”“Certainly,” he said slowly, beginning to suspect where she was going with all of this.“A competent dancer, as well? Do you enjoy dancing with me?”He thought back to the ball, recalling how easily and smoothly she had followed his lead in their dance as she babbled about her aims and achievements. How determined she had looked when she told him that her magic would change the whole of Fódlan for the better, and that it was up to him whether he wanted her as an ally or not. Despite himself, he felt a smile tug his lips at the memory. “I suppose I do.”She took another step closer, forcing him to bend his neck even further as she had to bend hers to look up at him. One of her hands reached out toward him, only barely brushing against his chest before it fell to her side again. He held his breath, fighting an impulse to grab her hand and bring it back. “Do you want to hold me?” she asked quietly.His stomach turned. He should stop her right here. Even if her previous questions could be said to have been rather innocent and easy to answer, this one was toeing dangerous territory.But instead of putting a stop to it all, he felt himself reach forward and carefully stroke her left arm, hoping that would suffice as an answer. Her smile trembled somewhat, and then she let out a soft squeak as his hand reached hers and grasped it. Was she… nervous?“... Yes,” he forced himself to say, pushing through the nausea to reassure her.She drew in a shaky breath. Then she stepped closer—so close that there was barely any room left between them—and stared into his chest. He expected her to look up at him, but when she didn’t, he decided to take matters into his own hands. He raised his free hand and gently gripped her chin between his thumb and forefinger, angling her face up toward him. She gave him a wide-eyed look.He already knew what she would ask next, and still, he didn’t do anything to stop her; even though he knew that the moment she asked her question, it would be too late. He wouldn’t be able to back out at that point. It was almost ironic, how she had used such a basic technique to manipulate him—starting with easy questions, then asking the important ones after he had already conceded the smaller ones—and he’d fallen for it, even while knowing full well what she was doing.Perhaps that meant that he already had the answer to her final question.“Do you…” she began, trailing off, then drawing for air before continuing. “... want to kiss me?”Her cheeks colored beautifully as she finished her question, her breath warm on his face. If he’d had a heartbeat, he supposed his heart might have skipped a few of them at this point, but all he could feel was a new kind of lightheadedness. Whether it was the blood loss coming back to claim its price, or the way that Constance was looking at him as though he held the whole world in his palms, he wasn’t entirely sure. He glanced down at her lips.  Like rose petals…  That was the thought he’d had when she’d first shown up earlier. A rose had thorns, ready to sting anyone lured in by its sweet scent. Constance certainly had thorns of her own, but with how earnestly she looked at him now, he couldn’t imagine she would sting him if he dared to take the bait. His thumb absent-mindedly stroked her chin, causing her to gasp softly. Her eyes fluttered closed, her lips parting slightly as he lowered his head. It wasn’t a question of whether he  wanted to, he realized. He wanted it so strongly that he had to actively hold himself back now just so that he could consider the consequences a hundredth time. Ninety-nine times, at least, that he had caught himself wondering… what it would be like, whether it would be worth it, how he would go on afterward. Wondering whether he would ever be able to live up to her expectations, because he had never met anyone with as high expectations as Constance had on her peers.Perhaps it still wasn’t too late to back down. He could come up with a handful of excuses; none of them good per se, but they would do if he needed them. We need to find a way out of here. 

You are not thinking clearly right now.

We should talk things over before you make a rash decision you might come to regret.

This is not what you truly want.

I will never be enough for you.Her eyes slowly opened, her gaze studying him. She looked insecure again, and he had a sudden and unwelcome impulse to protect her against whatever might hurt her, even if it was against  him.  “Hubert…?”He clenched his jaw. Damn these debilitating feelings. She started to pull away. “Perhaps we should—”Damn them all.His mouth was on hers before she could finish her sentence, the rest of her words turning into a surprised, breathy sound against his lips. The first thought he had after letting his eyes fall closed was that she felt

soft; her lips felt like they were coated in silk as he closed his mouth around them, and when he gingerly pulled her to him, wanting to feel more of her, he had to hold back a groan at the sensation of her body fitting so perfectly against his. At once, all stress and tension in his muscles simply melted away; his body breathed out in relief, and all that remained was her warmth and her softness.

But, he realized as they both stilled, he didn’t know where to go from there. For once in his life, he’d chosen to act on impulse without a thought of where it would lead him or how he would continue after the first step. And Constance… Constance seemed frozen, only letting out a tiny little breath as he moved his hand from her chin to the back of her neck. 

A cold, horrible feeling bloomed in his stomach, and his grip around her faltered. Perhaps he had misinterpreted her… Perhaps she hadn’t meant—

“No,” she breathed when he pulled back, and then her hands grabbed hold of his hips, causing him to freeze. “Please…”

He felt her stand on her toes, her neck craning itself further just to reach his lips again. Stumped, he lowered his head to meet her halfway, and she rewarded him with a content hum. A hand snaked its way to the back of his neck, tangling with the shorter curls of hair to be found there. And to his relief, she led him through the kiss this time, urging him to follow along as she parted her lips and grazed his bottom lip with her tongue. A pleasant shiver ran through him. He

misinterpreted her; she

mean it, and she was willing to take the lead in a territory as yet uncharted by him.

That thought momentarily made him pause—was this

uncharted territory for her, then? Who had—

The rest of his silent question completely evaporated from his mind as Constance closed her mouth around his bottom lip and began to suck. His hands moved on their own, one of them intertwining its fingers with her hair while the other skirted down her sides until it reached the small of her back, and then he tugged her even closer; impossibly, almost indecently close, but somehow still not close enough. She gasped breathlessly—the most lovely sound he had heard in his life—and pushed herself flat against him, her fingers pressing on the back of his head almost urgently. He complied willingly, leaning into the movement as she pulled him down and tilted his head to the side in order to find a better angle. 

His remaining blood was quickly rising to his head, burning his skin like fire. His breaths were coming in short gasps again, but so were hers, and he didn’t have the mental capacity to even begin to determine whether the lightheadedness he felt now was a consequence of the blood loss or the fact that Constance had just bit into his lip. He held her firmly against him, fingers tangling fully in her hair as he savored the little whimper she gave when he grazed her lips with his teeth as revenge. Her softness was melting into every single one of his pores, and he didn’t think it could possibly feel any better than this—until she pushed a leg in between his. The fabric of his pants was so thin that he clearly and immediately felt the warmth of her thigh against his as their hips met.

Is this what I have been avoiding like the plague? Is this what I could have had all along?

A sound behind her caught his attention even in his compromised state, and before he could even make a conscious decision, his instincts set in and teleported him to the door just before it was pushed open. He caught the intruder by surprise by immediately pulling him into a choke hold. The other man struggled violently, and he quickly realized that he was still much too weak to stand a chance for long.  If I’d only had my daggers,  he thought with a wince as an elbow just barely missed his ribcage. But then Constance spun around and met his gaze, and after a near-instant moment of silent communication, she fired a well-aimed ice spell right in the face of the struggling intruder. The man’s body thudded to the floor, and Hubert shot out a hand to support himself against the open door as he tried to catch his breath. Constance stood frozen where he had left her, staring at him in silent shock as she panted along with him. Her cheeks were bright pink, her hair in disarray, and even from this distance he could see that her lips were slightly swollen. Hubert swallowed; he could still feel the taste of her in his mouth.“Plan or no plan,” he said breathlessly, holding the door with a trembling hand. “Time to go.”

Keeping his gaze planted on the ground, Yuri carefully padded forward through the spongy moss, making sure to avoid the deceptive little roots and stones sticking out here and there between the trees. He doubted he would find any shoe prints in this damn vegetation, but he refused to miss them if there turned out to be any. They had arrived before sunrise, and the orb of light trembling above his open palm did little to clear the thickness of the dark out in the mountain forests of Hrym, but it was the only way he knew to conjure a consistent light without wasting too much energy—and he would need to conserve his energy for later.Not too far away, he could hear the soft crack of a branch as it broke beneath a boot. That would be Sylvain and Hapi. And stumbling around somewhere behind him was Linhardt, who seemed too distracted by his own thoughts to evade the roots in the ground; every few seconds, a surprised gasp could be heard from the man, followed by a displeased mutter about the inconvenience of treading through deep and uncharted forests in the middle of the night. Yuri just sighed to himself as he continued onward, ignoring the white mage’s woes.He hadn’t exactly chosen to bring Linhardt for his excellent navigation skills or his endurance; he’d chosen him because he was simply the most capable healer he knew, and depending on what state Constance and Hubert would be in when they found them, his own powers might not be nearly enough to heal them. Besides, even though Linhardt complained right now, his face had lit up at the thought of getting to investigate the hideout of a powerful dark faction of mages. He’d be content as soon as they found what they were looking for, no doubt.… That is,  if they found what they were looking for. Which was still pretty unlikely, since all they had to go on were the clues he’d pieced together from Constance’s notebook and Lady Edelgard’s recollection of something Hubert had said about the Hrym territory after the attack on Arianrhod. Judging by what Constance had figured out about those who slithered in the dark, their hideout should be somewhere in the mountains, which still left a whole lot of area to cover in a single night. They’d been able to travel quickly with the help of some flying beasts Hapi had managed to summon, but after several hours of searching, they were still none the wiser about the location of any kind of secret underground hideout.He couldn’t lose hope, though. He was usually cynical—realistic—about this kind of thing, but this time… he just couldn’t.A surprised yell in Hapi’s voice rang out from his left, causing him to lose his footing and stumble into a tree. Quickly regaining himself, he veered to the side and dashed forward toward the sound. She yelled again, this time in anger.“No! Get away from me, you smelly douchebag!”Even as he ran through the woods, enduring the whipping of branches against his body, he found himself frowning at her word choice.  Smelly douchebag? Soon Hapi came into his vision, and he drew to a stop. She was standing in a small clearing, holding up a hand in warning—which was enveloped by dark magic—at something growling at her from the dark. Following her gaze, he saw a pair of glittering eyes near the ground; they seemingly weren’t moving closer, but they also didn’t turn away and leave. Yuri peered at the wild animal, feeling a surge of exhilaration as he realized what it was.Slowly, careful not to alert the animal, he reached up to grab Hapi’s arm and lowered it to her side. She gave him a confused look, at which he shook his head. He then took a cautious step toward the wolf before crouching down to its level.“Hey,” he said softly. “Figures you’d be here as well. Found anything yet?”Abruptly, the growling stopped. Yuri breathed slow, calm breaths as he waited, hoping Hapi would stay still behind him even in her confusion. If he was wrong, this might just be the end of him. But he was pretty sure this was the wolf he’d gifted to Constance all those years back, and if it was, that meant their chances of finding her and Hubert had just skyrocketed. There was a sound of rustling leaves, and then the wolf came forward into the light, walking with its head lowered toward Yuri. He reached out a hand, palm facing upward, and exhaled in relief as the animal cuddled its head against it. With a grin, he started scratching its head and neck, laughing as it whined happily and licked his arm. “Yeah, you recognize me, don’t you?” he said as he moved his hands to its belly and scratched vigorously. “You’re a good wolf. Best I ever had.”“Uh, Yuri?” Hapi said behind him. “What the heck is going on?”He turned his head to look up at her, noticing that Sylvain had arrived on the scene as well and was standing beside her with an incredulous look on his face.“It’s Constance’s wolf,” Yuri explained. “Which means it might be able to lead us to her. I know she cast some kind of tracking spell on him, so he could bring…”He trailed off.  So he could bring letters to Hubert.  Hapi and Sylvain still didn’t know about Constance’s romantic relationship with Hubert, so it might be best to avoid that subject for now. She’d probably like to share that little tidbit herself when the time was right. Hapi raised her eyebrows. He smiled.“... so he could bring us to her now.”He stood up, causing the wolf to do the same, intensely looking up into his eyes with his yellow gaze. Even if he’d probably preferred it if Yuri had been Hubert, he was clearly relieved to see a familiar face around. “So? Why don’t you show us what you’ve found?”It was a long shot that the wolf would have found something at all; if he had, he probably wouldn’t be here now. But after hours of searching without results, they’d run out of other options. Even if the wolf only led them to a dead end, it would still be worth a try.To his surprise, the animal turned around and sprinted in the opposite direction. Throwing caution to the wind, Yuri immediately took off after it, fending off branches as well as he could as he ran almost blindly in the darkness. The orb of light in his hand didn’t illuminate nearly enough of his surroundings for this, but he damn well wouldn’t lose the wolf now.“Yuri!” Hapi shouted behind him. “Follow the light!” he yelled back, then immediately realized the wolf might be leading him into a death trap, in which case it wasn’t exactly optimal if Hapi, Sylvain and Linhardt followed him. But they could take care of themselves; they’d know to be careful.… Unlike him, who was thoughtlessly sprinting after a wolf through a hazardous and unfamiliar territory, with little light and no knowledge of where the hell he was going to end up. But he could still hear the sound of the wolf running ahead of him; it seemed the animal was keeping a pace that he’d be able to catch up with, which surely  must mean that he intended to show him something. He ran at full speed over roots and rocks on the ground, only keeping himself upright with the use of some clever spells along the way to keep from falling on his face or running straight into a tree. In the end, he almost stumbled right over the wolf and slammed into the face of a rock, when the animal came to an abrupt stop by a mountainside with a steep rock wall. Yuri caught himself with one hand against the rock, heart pounding and breath panting as he looked around. No one else in sight, except for a bobbing light some distance away that he assumed was Hapi and the others. As he was trying to catch his breath, the wolf walked up beside him, stood up on his hind legs and started scratching fervently against the rock wall. Yuri brought his hand with the light closer, frowning as he examined the surface.“Something about this rock?” he mumbled, at which the wolf gave off a low whine and stopped scratching. His large paws were still planted on the rock though, and as Yuri leaned closer, he saw the faint outline of some kind of sigil just above them. It seemed like an etching of an eye, surrounded by two circles and a wreath. He tried to remember whether he’d seen anything like it before, but came up short. The sound of footsteps against gravel told him that the others had caught up. He glanced back over his shoulder, noting with relief that all three of them were there. A part of him had almost been worried Linhardt would have gotten lost in the middle of the woods when he left him to run after Hapi.“Found something?” Sylvain asked as he walked up next to the wolf, who got down on the ground again and padded back to give the others more space. “Yeah,” Yuri said, “though I’m not sure what. Hapi, do you recognise this crest?”At the mention of her name, she came up beside him, leaning in to examine the etching in the rock wall. “I don’t think so,” she mumbled. “It kinda looks like a dark magic circle, but I don’t know about this wreath thingy.” She raised a hand to it, following its contours with her finger. “Maybe—”With a sudden yelp, she instantly jerked back her hand, holding it to her chest with wide eyes. “Maybe what?” Sylvain asked. “What’s wrong?”Hapi shook her shoulders as though to rid herself of a shiver. “I—I don’t know, I—my fingertip sort of… went through, like it isn’t solid rock.”Yuri’s gaze snapped back to the rock wall. He raised his own hand to the sigil, cautiously placing a palm against it. The rock was cold and slightly uneven against his skin. Even when he tried to press more firmly, all that happened was that the jagged edgings of the etching dug into his palm. He exchanged a glance with Sylvain, who raised his eyebrows as if to say,  I don’t know either. “Hey,” Yuri said slowly, turning his gaze to Hapi. “Give me your hand for a second.”After a moment’s hesitation, she reluctantly moved her hand from her chest, allowing him to gently grip her wrist. Then he slowly brought her hand toward the rock wall, noting her trembling inhalation when her fingertips touched the material. But unlike his hand, hers continued through the rock when he pushed it forward, disappearing into the dark stone before their eyes. “Holy—it’s a portal,” he breathed, pausing the movement to stare at the half of her hand which was still visible. “Or some kind of… magical barrier.” A barrier only Hapi can pass through. For a moment, all three of them just stood there in silence, too shocked to speak. Then Linhardt came up behind them, peeking over Hapi’s shoulder.“That’s incredible!” he said, voice sounding more exhilarated than Yuri had ever heard him before. He reached his own hand forward between them, planting it against the face wall. “It only works for you, Hapi. Any idea why?”It was incredibly brief, but Yuri saw her wince in reaction to the question. “I…” She took a deep breath, then shook her head. “I think it’s the same reason I can summon monsters. Something’s definitely wrong with me.”Seeing how disturbed she was by that fact, Yuri opened his mouth to comfort her, but Linhardt was already speaking again.“Keep going,” he urged Yuri, apparently ignoring Hapi’s dejected statement. “What happens when your hand touches the rock?”The insensitive bastard… On the other hand, they were already short on time. He could have a talk with Hapi later, in private. For now, they needed to move forward.He caught her gaze. While there was definitely a spark of terror in her eyes, he thought he could also see determination; as if she was fighting against her own monsters.“You okay?”She inhaled slowly, then exhaled. “Y-yeah. Let’s do it for Coco.” Under her breath, she added, “Though she really owes me like, a million pastries for this.”Huffing in amusement at that thought, he gave her what he thought was a reassuring smile, before continuing to push her hand forward through the rock wall. Expecting his fingers to brush against the cold surface of the wall, his heart almost stopped when his hand continued to go through along with her arm.“What the—”Hapi gasped, but the sound was drowned out by a triumphant laugh from Linhardt. “Fascinating! Some kind of dark magic transferable by contact. Do you think it has anything to do with your Crest? If so, this could be a major breakthrough in my research. Just imagine—”“Linhardt,” Sylvain said sharply, causing the white mage to fall silent with a huff. Yuri gave Sylvain a grateful look, which he answered with a nod.Pulling Hapi’s arm out of the rock and releasing her wrist, he sighed deeply as he let his mind run through different alternatives. Part of him had been so convinced they wouldn’t find anything that he hadn’t really bothered to form a viable plan yet. But now that he knew a bit more, and could assume that Hubert and Constance were in there somewhere, it was time to go into tactics mode.“Alright. We’re going in all at the same time so no one gets stuck out here. We have no clue what awaits us on the other side, so be prepared for battle. Ready? Grab on to Hapi and don’t let go until you’re safely through.”Sylvain took Hapi’s left hand, Yuri her right, and Linhardt gripped her left forearm. Catching Hapi’s gaze again, he gave her a firm nod to reassure her that he had things under control. She replied with a faint smile before turning her gaze straight ahead.“On three,” he said. “One… two…”Hapi squeezed his hand. He squeezed back.“Three.”Constance kept her gaze firmly fixed on Hubert’s back, holding her breath as she tried to follow him through the shadows along the walls. His movements were quick and smooth—fluid, even in his condition—letting his experience with sneaking through darkness unseen shine through brilliantly. Constance on the other hand was wholly unused to this kind of movement; she stumbled after him to her best ability, but she knew that if they were caught before they could reach the exit, it would be because of her.While she had regained some semblance of control over her breathing in the past minutes, her mind had yet to catch up. Part of her was still standing in the little room they had just escaped from, pressed up against Hubert as he kissed her as though their lives depended on it. She could still recall with perfect clarity how it had felt to have his fingers tangled in her hair; his palm warming the small of her back; his mouth decisively moving against hers. She had been so completely engrossed in the incredible feeling of finally getting to see Hubert relinquish his control around her that she hadn’t even noticed the door opening.If Hubert hadn’t reacted so instinctively to the sound, she might have died in his arms. But instead, thanks to him, they had a chance to escape alive. He seemed to know his way around Shambhala; all the empty back streets and alleys that allowed them to move unseen. And that was a very good thing, considering that it felt like a maze without her lightning magic to guide her. Using simple hand gestures, he communicated his intentions to her in good time before they needed to make a quick turn, wait or speed up across an open area. He had clearly done this kind of thing before, albeit not with her. She had just assumed that he usually went on covert missions on his own, but perhaps she had been mistaken. He was a tactician after all; perhaps he had other people with him more often than not, giving out silent orders to them as they moved through the shadows.Just before a bend in an alleyway, he signaled for her to stop, and then he turned around to face her. “This is too easy,” he murmured, gazing down at her. “And the city is too silent. Listen.”She did, holding her breath again as she strained her ear to hear something. She hadn’t been in Shambhala for long enough to know what sounds  used to be there, but she had to admit that their surroundings were eerily silent now. All she could really hear was the buzzing from the blue veins in the walls and floor.“Thales knows.”He said it so simply, so undramatically, that she wasn’t certain she had heard him correctly at first. She stared up at him, hoping for some kind of hint that she hadn’t, but his gaze was deadly serious. “So why is he allowing us to escape?” she whispered.Hubert slowly shook his head, without looking away from her face. “We have not seen the last of him yet.”She glanced down his body at the simple shirt and pants. No hidden daggers, and barely any magic reserves left if she were to wager a guess. Otherwise, she had to assume he would just have teleported them out of the city. And herself? She had barely had any sleep, she had nearly exhausted her light magic with her invisibility spell and almost her black magic as well with her lightning, and her experience with elder magic was still negligible. How in the world were they supposed to win a battle against Thales and his army of elder mages…?Hubert’s expression shifted slightly, making him look somewhat concerned for a second before he smoothed out his features again. “Thales is a capable commander and elder mage, but he tends to overestimate his own greatness and power. He likely believes that he has you under his thumb already. If necessary, you should use that against him. It just might grant us the element of surprise we need. I do not like it, but… I’m afraid I would not be of much use in a battle.”Constance nodded, clenching her jaw against her discomfort. Thales was manipulative and highly intelligent, and she would have preferred to avoid a confrontation with him altogether. But if it was the only way to escape—the only way to save Hubert’s life—she would do whatever it took.He lifted a hand toward her face and paused as if to caress her cheek, then seemed to change his mind and let it fall back to his side. “I trust you,” he said quietly.She felt her cheeks warm and her heart skip a beat in her chest.  He… trusts me? Even after everything? After all the orders I have disobeyed in the past? Before she could come up with a suitable response, he had turned around. Already moving forward again, he signaled for her to follow him around the bend. She swallowed, pushing down her emotions for later, and sneaked after him. There was something different in his movements now: he moved faster, with less caution. As though he knew that it wouldn’t make a difference. And then, as they neared the next opening between two buildings, he straightened and shifted into a calm stride. Knowingly or not, Hubert had brought them to the main plaza in front of the great chapel. They entered via a side street, coming out right beside one of the two large columns shooting up toward the sky. The plaza was almost completely empty, but for two figures waiting calmly for them in the middle: Thales, dressed in the same extravagant armor as the last time she had seen him, and faux Hubert, still wearing the original’s uniform and cape. At the sight of him, Constance clenched her hands into fists by her sides; before she remembered what Hubert had said, and she forced herself to relax them again.Let them think they can still convince me to join them.Hubert emanated complete calmness as he strode forward, stopping only about thirty feet from them. She walked up beside him, keeping a close eye on the faux Hubert who had tried to trick her last night. He met her gaze, his lips pulling into an amused smirk as he brought his hands behind his back. She wanted to freeze him over and shatter him to a million pieces for taking a form that wasn’t his—for making her believe that he was the one she loved—but she held herself back. For once, she would stand back and watch before she made any decisions. “There you are,” Thales said calmly, inclining his head to Constance. “You’ve wandered quite a bit from your room, Miss von Nuvelle.”She glanced at Hubert, uncertain whether she should reply or not. His attention was fixed on Thales.“It’s not too late to save this,” he called. “You still need us, and we need you. If you let us go, we will not tell a soul about what transpired here. Lady Edelgard will be none the wiser.”So this was his plan, she thought as she watched him from the corner of her eye: To bargain for their freedom. She turned her gaze back to Thales and the man standing by his side. The former now moved his gaze to Hubert, but the latter still had his full attention on Constance. She tried not to let it get to her, but she was incredibly uncomfortable about seeing him again, now that she knew what he was. Or rather, what he was  not. “Ah,” Thales said, “but you have missed a vital detail, my boy.” He raised his hand, gesturing broadly to faux Hubert. “You may need us, but we do not need you. At least not you personally.”At that, faux Hubert took a step forward, lifted his arm to his chest and bowed deeply. “I will do whatever Her Majesty requires of me.”The familiarity in both the voice and the sentiment chilled Constance to the bone, and judging by Hubert’s silence as he fixed the man with his gaze, they seemed to be thinking along the same lines. Whoever this man was, he would doubtlessly be able to trick Lady Edelgard into thinking he was the real thing. As he straightened, the man met her gaze with a smug smile. “It is a pleasure seeing you again, Constance. We had such a lovely conversation yesterday, didn’t we?”Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Hubert clench his jaw. Forcing a smile, she opted to stay silent, not trusting herself to be able to keep her voice steady if she were to talk.“A pity you were too tired to continue. But it’s not too late, you know.” He took a calm step forward, lowering his head slightly to meet her gaze straight on. “We all know why you are really here; why you set your sights on the right hand of the Adrestian Empress. You want power, and marrying into the Empress’ inner circle will grant you just that. There’s no way you would fall for someone so stern, cold and gray otherwise; you are the bright and colorful Constance von Nuvelle, a creative and sociable noblewoman with enough ambition to last an entire army. Why would you risk being held back by the unsympathetic Hubert von Vestra?” Enough ambition to last an entire army.  She immediately recognized the phrase; it was the same that Lord Arundel had used to lure her into coming with him to Shambhala. Was this man simply parroting Thales?She glanced at Hubert, wanting to catch his reaction. He looked disgusted, almost sick as he listened to the words coming out of his reflection’s mouth.  Do not believe a word he says,  she wanted to tell him.  That is not why I have fallen in love with you. You know that, don’t you?  But outwardly, she needed to play into Thales’ hands. She needed to pretend to be swayed. So she looked back at faux Hubert, adopting a wide-eyed stare as though in awe of what he was saying.“If it is power you want,” he continued steadily, “then joining me is your best bet. You will still be part of the inner circle, but you will also have all of our technology at your fingertips. And I promise you,” he added in a somewhat lower voice, his smile turning almost predatory, “I have all the charm the original Hubert lacks, and none of his flaws. With me as your lover, you will have all the romance and excitement that you could ever wish for.”Beside her, Hubert made a disgruntled sound. Constance swallowed down her anger as she cast down her eyes to collect herself. How could this man say such horrible, disgusting things to her? How could he believe for even a second that he knew what she wanted and wished for? To be sure, she always strived to develop and gain more power, but not at this cost. And this was  not why she had fallen in love with Hubert. She had fallen in love with Hubert because of who he was as a person: the Hubert who had shown his true colors in the margins of library books and in letters exchanged over a five-year-long war. The Hubert who hadn’t dared to tell her about his true identity because he was afraid she might no longer want him when she learned the truth. The Hubert who had silently and secretly veiled the sun from her view to shield her from its debilitating light. The Hubert who had told her he would sink all of Garreg Mach into the ocean if anything happened to her while he was away.She had fallen in love with the Hubert who had tutored her, guided her, helped her both from the shadows and in the light. She had fallen in love with the Hubert who had repeatedly told her that he would kill her if she disobeyed another one of his direct orders, but who somehow always got himself out of his own promise every single time.She had fallen in love with the Hubert who kissed her as though nothing else existed but her, and who only broke away from the kiss in order to save her life.And now, this… this  impostor  was trying to argue that the only reason that she had chosen Hubert was so that she could be more powerful. For such an outrageous claim, he deserved nothing but suffering. But first, she needed to get him to change shape. She could not endure seeing him wear Hubert’s face for any longer.Drawing in a shaky breath, she stepped forward with a hand tightly clenched over her heart. “If I am to become your lover, I believe I deserve to know your true name and face.”The man exchanged a glance with Thales, who—to her great relief—inclined his head in silent permission. Turning his gaze back to Constance, faux Hubert smiled and bowed again.“I suppose I do owe you that.” As he straightened, he circled his hand in the air, causing an elder magic circle to appear below his feet. Dark dust sparked out of nothing and enveloped him, and when it faded again, a new man stood in his place. As tall as Hubert but with hair as blond as hers, the man was dressed more like a traditional assassin than as any of the other elder mages she had seen so far, although his garments followed the same color patterns as that of Thales—black, violet, dark red and gold—and the same sigil as the one she had seen on the floor of the chapel shone in gold on his chest. Two daggers glimpsed on either side of his body, tucked into a red belt by his waist, but she had to assume there were more of them in his sleeves, boots and other hidden compartments.Raising her gaze to his face, she had to cover her mouth before a gasp slipped out. His eyes were completely black, void of any white whatsoever, and a black cross had been inked straight across his right eyelid. The front strands of his wavy, shoulder-length hair were tied back into a bun on the back of his head, his features were sharp and precise, and if she hadn’t already hated him with all of her heart, she might have found him attractive. But now, she only saw repugnant ruthlessness and apathy in his expression.He shot out his right arm straight to his side, causing his cape to flutter with a dramatic flourish. He was still smiling, but now that he wasn’t wearing Hubert’s face anymore, it didn’t make her quite as uncomfortable. Now she at least knew him for what he truly was.“My name,” he said in a smooth voice, “is Lysias.” He extended a hand gloved in black to her from across the plaza; a silent invitation. “And my offer still stands. Come with me, and I will help you reach your full potential. Your power will be limitless.”Something about his new voice was strangely calming, and she found herself staring into the blackness of his eyes almost mindlessly as he spoke to her.  Limitless.  The word echoed through the chambers of her mind. This wasn’t the first time he had said that word in regards to her future.Lysias beckoned her forward with his hand, and she took a hesitant step toward him, swaying slightly on her feet. His night black eyes sucked her in, causing her to fumble after what she had been thinking a moment ago.  Lysias… He hasn’t done anything to hurt me yet. He has only been kind, only promised me wonderful things… Perhaps he can be trusted? “Constance,” Hubert’s sharp voice called from behind. A hand gripped her wrist. She froze in her next step, looking over her shoulder. His expression was firm and decisive as he caught her gaze. “He is trying to hex you. Do not look into his eyes.”She frowned, trying to think. She recognized this feeling from last night, when Lysias had bid her good night by her bedroom door. This… brain fog. A heavy weariness coming out of nowhere.Lysias scoffed somewhere nearby, and then she felt a hand on her shoulder. She spun around, immediately finding herself face to face with him again. He smiled gently as his other hand moved to her waist, tugging her closer to him and away from Hubert. “Hex you? Now why would I do that? You are intelligent enough to know what’s best for you, and your brightest future is right here, by my side.” He leaned in to whisper in her ear, “By Lady Edelgard’s side.”She closed her eyes, breathing slowly as she considered his words. Lady Edelgard… That  was where she wanted to be. But something was scratching at the edge of her attention, and that something made her pause as she once again tried to push through the fog. “Is this what you’re planning to do?” Hubert’s voice asked, sounding unreal and far away. “Hex her into obedience? Eventually, you will run out of energy, and she will know what you have done. I almost pity you for what she will do to you then.”Lysias sighed above her. “Thales,” he said. “This pathetic creature is annoying me. Can we put it out of its misery?”Somewhere to her right, Thales spoke up. “Indeed. We have enough blood now. All that remains is the extraction of the Crest Stone.”“Perfect.” Lysias moved his hands to her shoulders, and then he turned her around so that she faced the other direction. “You should see this, love. I think you’ll enjoy it.”His hands clamping down around her, locking her in place against him, she watched calmly as Hubert—eyes wide, one foot taking a step back—was joined by Thales, who had teleported himself to his side. Hubert raised a hand, supposedly trying to cast a spell of his own, but Thales easily gripped his wrist, and the magic died out before it could even spark to life. “Constance,” he called behind gritted teeth. “You are stronger than this. Snap out of it!”Snap out of what? she thought as Thales’ other hand grabbed hold of Hubert’s throat. And why would she even listen to him? He had only been a pawn; a tool to get where she wanted to be, right here by Lysias’ side.“Let me tell you a little secret,” Lysias whispered, having leaned in toward her ear. She hummed softly at the warmth of his breath against her skin. “The Stone in his chest? It’s the first step of granting you more power. You see,” he said, pausing to exhale in amusement, “inside his chest is the Noa Crest Stone, which we will use to power your very own Relic.” The Noa Crest Stone.  Inside Hubert’s chest? He’d told her Thales had implanted a Crest Stone in him as part of the elder ritual, but he had never mentioned  which Crest Stone. Did he even know?Thales released his wrist and instead pressed that hand against his chest. Hubert yelled out in pain, before forming his lips into the shape of a name one last time.“Sunshine,” he choked out.Something pounded in her chest. Constance gasped, clutching at her heart.  Sunshine…  Sunshine. Yes, that was… That was her, and that was his pet name for her, that he’d used in every single letter he’d sent to her over the years. The pet name that was ironically dark for her, even bordering on cruel, but that had quickly made its way into her heart simply because it was a name that  he had given to her.Feeling the fog in her mind lift somewhat, she screamed out at the gruesome scene in front of her: Hubert, face contorted in pain as Thales’ hand slowly sank into his chest, and standing on his feet only because Thales was still holding him by the throat.Before she could even form a coherent rational thought, she reached for her lightning magic, sending the strongest and most powerful bolt she could muster toward Thales. The magic hit him right in his back, and with a grunt, he let go of Hubert and staggered back as though he’d been burned. Hubert crumpled to the ground at the same time as Constance tore out of Lysias’ grip, blindly sending another bolt in his direction but not bothering to turn around and see if it hit. She ran over to Hubert, quickly moving her hand in an arch above her and mumbling prayers to create a light shield around them as she crouched by his side. She must have stopped Thales just in time, because when she hastily examined his chest, all she could see was a small area of charred skin right in the middle. He blinked up at her, breathing erratically.“Hubert! Are you…?”He swallowed, then pushed himself up into a seated position with gritted teeth. “Don’t lose focus,” he panted. “Look behind you.”She turned her head to follow his gaze. She heard the rumble in the distance even before she saw them: Two enormous, mechanical figures, armed with hefty shields and blades, and heading in their direction from two wide side streets. Constance fell back on her palms in shock, staring at them as they made their way onto the plaza. Those had to be thirty—no,  forty feet tall at the very least, and they moved on their own from some kind of invisible power.“What… what are—”“Titanus,” Hubert said in a low voice, pausing to cough before he continued. “A mechanical warrior created with Agarthan technology. They are incredibly strong and durable, especially against ordinary weapons.”“What about magic?” she asked, looking around for an escape route even as the large figures closed in on them. Would the warriors destroy the city in order to find and eradicate them, or could the side streets be an option? But perhaps Hubert was not in any condition to walk on his own. She might have to cast a spell to transport him, leaving her completely defenseless.“Magic,” Hubert breathed with a pained expression on his face, “is their weakness.”Perfect—if only she hadn’t already depleted most of her energy thus far. She still had some strength left, but if she wanted to get Hubert out, she might have to prioritize.Lysias appeared right in front of their shield, arms crossed and expression dark. She jerked in surprise, grasping for Hubert’s arm.  Please, dear goddess, let the shield hold! Lysias placed a palm against its surface, huffing as light gathered beneath it to keep him out. “So even down here, the false gods can hear your pleas.” Moving his hand in front of his chest instead, he flexed his fingers as if preparing a spell. “Let’s see how well your  faith can withstand the pure power of the Elders.”A violet magic circle glowing beneath his feet, he closed his hand into a fist, and the veil cracked in a million pieces and scattered around them with a loud whooshing sound. Constance threw out a hand, already channeling her lightning magic; but before she could form a spell, something crashed into him from the side and sent him flying into the nearest pillar. Constance took the opportunity to push herself to her feet, immediately spinning toward the source of the attack. She nearly fainted at the very sight.Just a few paces away stood Yuri, one hand holding a sword, the other raised in the aftermath of a light spell. His otherwise perfectly sculpted hair was wind-blown and moist, his face was covered in tiny scratch marks, and his chest was heaving. If it hadn’t been for his disheveled appearance, she might have thought he was just a figment of her imagination; but then their gazes met, and he gave her a strange kind of smile that almost bordered on fearful, and something in his expression pierced through her shock.“Yuri!” she exclaimed, wanting to run up to him and throw her arms around him, but stopping herself as she remembered they were in the midst of battle.His smile grew, then wavered slightly. “And friends,” he said, inclining his head to his left.She turned her head in that direction just as Hapi, Sylvain and Linhardt appeared from a side street. She watched in stunned silence as the two former immediately threw themselves into the battle, Hapi casting an elder spell at Lysias as he tried to stalk back toward them and Sylvain backing her up with fire. Linhardt ran up to Hubert, crouching by his side and holding out his hands over his body. She wanted to fall to her knees and cry in relief—perhaps even thank the goddess—but Yuri had just thrown himself into battle with the nearest Titanus, and she realized with a pang of concern that she had no idea where Thales was.She spun to face the two mages on the ground. Hubert had his eyes closed, wincing as Linhardt’s hands hovered just above his heart. As she watched, she saw the blackened skin on his chest heal into fresh tissue.“His blood,” she called. “He has lost a good amount of it. Can you—”“Maybe,” Linhardt said in a clipped voice, making it clear that he did not want to be disturbed. Fine by her; Hubert could hardly be in better hands at the moment.Turning back to the battle, she quickly determined that Sylvain and Hapi seemed to be holding their own against Lysias—at least keeping him at bay for the time being. Yuri was zipping between the two Titanus, deftly evading their attacks and shooting little bursts of light magic in their direction whenever he could. He was a skilled tactician, a capable duelist and a quick-footed thief, but his magic was not one of his strengths. If Hubert was right that magic was the Titanus’ weakness, she needed to assist him. She would never be able to evade their attacks in the way that he did—it looked easy when he did it, but she knew better than to underestimate his agility—but if he distracted them, she might be able to attack them from a distance. They only needed to weaken the Titanus enough to allow the six of them a chance to escape, so hopefully her magic reserves should hold for that.She was just about to call on her magic when a humming sound growing in strength nearby caught her attention. The veins running along the tall pillars in front of the chapel were glowing brighter than any of its surroundings, and as she lifted her gaze, she saw the air flicker with energy around the spikes at the top of the pillars. The spikes that had made her wonder whether those pillars were some kind of weapon, but that she had soon forgotten about in the wake of everything else that had been going on. She stared up at the building energy, momentarily enchanted by the beauty of it and how it reminded her of her own lightning magic.Then all of that energy released all at once, shooting a beam of crackling light straight in her direction. She had just enough presence of mind to throw up a barrier around her, but it only took the brunt of the force. The strange light pierced through her barrier and hit her in the stomach, knocking the air out of her and sending her stumbling back. She gasped for breath, bending over double. Stars danced in front of her eyes. Beams of light. Agarthan weapons.She would bet her right foot that Thales was controlling them. That must be where he had disappeared to.“Yuri-bird!”She immediately snapped her head in the direction of Hapi’s horrified voice, then toward where she had last seen Yuri. He was near one of the Titanus, scrambling to get up on his feet where he had fallen to the floor. The Titanus was just turning toward him and raising its sword.  He must have been hit by the attack from the second pillar.  Without a magical shield to blunt the force, it was a miracle he was even conscious.And now, he was about to be speared by an enormous, mechanical doll. But not if she could do something about it first.Extending her arms to her sides, she bent her neck back and closed her eyes, calling on her lightning magic. She’d intended on sending down a powerful bolt of lightning onto the Titanus; however, she had forgotten one vital thing. As soon as the magic came to her, she recognised the by now familiar feeling of having the entirety of Shambhala’s network at her fingertips. With a gasp, she realized that she could sense not only the Titanus themselves—they must somehow be connected to the magical veins—but also the weapon used to fire the magical pillar weapons. And her senses told her that the weapon was being controlled from within the chapel.  The etching at the top of the stairs! At first seeing it, she had suspected from Thales words and actions that it was some kind of conduit for casting stronger elder spells. Could it be the interface used by Thales to fire the two pillars…? And if so, could it be used for other attacks as well? Such as…The pillars of light that destroyed Arianrhod.As these thoughts rushed through her mind, she also realized that if the Titanus were connected to the blue web of veins, then that might mean that she could control them. Just like she had once managed to control a rat with lightning magic! And if that was true, she needn’t destroy them; instead, she could order them to stand back and let them go.Or even better: she could command them to destroy the chapel, with Thales and the magical etching in it.However, she could already feel her powers betraying her. She tried to push through the network as she had done before in order to create a distraction, but her reserves were running dry.She had nothing left to draw from.As soon as his eyes landed on her, Hubert knew what was happening.Well, he didn’t know exactly what she was trying to do, but he could see what was stopping her. Her head leaned back, arms extending from her body, and chest heaving; her hands trembling as faint sparks climbed up her arms, refusing to ignite into a spell.Whatever she was trying to do, she did not have the magical energy for it.Pushing aside Linhardt—who made an affronted sound in response—he got to his feet with some effort, then stumbled forward. His head swam, warning him that he was still much too weak to fight. But that was alright. He did not intend to fight this time.Coming up behind Constance, he reached out to grasp both of her wrists in his hands. She let out a surprised gasp, at which he leaned in toward her ear. In order to reach her wrists, he had to stand so close to her he could almost feel her tremble against him.“My power is yours,” he murmured.Then he channeled the elder sharing spell. As he felt his own reserves empty and struggled against the weariness that was usually so easy to fight, but that now in his already weakened state seemed almost overpowering, Constance’s hands began to glow with pure power.“Hubert!” she gasped. “Stop! You will kill yourself!”“Better act quick, then,” he whispered.To his relief, she stopped trying to fight him and his power, choosing instead to welcome and embrace it into her own reserves. With an exhausted sigh, he closed his eyes and bent his neck forward, leaning the side of his head against hers. The power thrummed in her body, and he almost thought he could feel the magic work inside of her as she cast the intended spell. He tried to focus on his own breathing and the scent of her hair to keep himself alert, knowing that if he allowed himself to slip away and ended up releasing her wrists, she might not be able to finish what she had started.Only when he heard surprised yells from the others, followed by a hard crashing sound, did he lift his head and look out over the plaza again.What met him was unlike anything he could have imagined.The two Titanus had turned their backs on them and chosen to attack the chapel instead. As they swung their weapons against the building, large chunks of stone cracked from the walls and whacked into the floor below, crushing anyone who happened to run by right at that moment. Yuri was on the floor behind the giants, propped up on his elbows and struggling to get up on his feet as he watched them demolish the chapel.Hubert exhaled in disbelief. “Constance,” he breathed. “You…”He hesitated. Telling her that she was controlling two enormously powerful machines seemed like stating the obvious. But what he was seeing was far from anything he could have ever expected. “... You are incredible,” he said instead, and in response, she drew for air.“I am going to destroy this city,” she replied in a voice strained by exertion. “I have access to the pillars of light, Hubert. I will launch them straight into Shambhala. Thales will never be able to attempt anything against us again.”He stared at the chapel, crumbling to pieces before their eyes as she spoke. The pillars of light? She could control them—and from a distance? “I believe we will have enough time to escape after the weapon is fired,” she continued. “Can you get us out? You, me, and the others?”He made a quick calculation in his head, letting his gaze move from Yuri by the Titanus, to Hapi and Sylvain still struggling against Lysias, to Linhardt who cast healing spells from the sidelines. He would not be able to get even himself and Constance out with the little power he would doubtlessly be left with after she was finished with her spells, but if he could borrow energy from one of the other mages, he might be able to teleport them all out of there.… He  should be able to teleport them all out of there, if he could get his hands on at least one of them, and if that person had enough energy left to spare. Linhardt was the closest one by far, so it would have to be him.“I believe so,” he said. She nodded, then inhaled and exhaled deeply. “Good.”Once again, he felt his own power flow into her and thrum through her body. But this time, he watched with his eyes open as she cast her spell. The first thing he noticed was how the light in the webbing of blue-green lines in the floor around them pulsated, then exploded into a brightness so sharp he had to look away for a moment. When he looked back at the chapel, the lines on the remaining walls and on the floor glowed almost as brightly as around them, the light moving in a rapid pace into the chapel and toward the sigil at the top of the staircase. Is this elder magic? Or some kind of black magic? Even with his magic reserves at her fingertips, she should not be this powerful; especially not in a magical art that she had only barely scratched the surface of, and without going through any kind of elder ritual. No, this must not be elder magic. So what was it then? Some kind of light spell…? But why would that have any effect on machinery?There was no sign that she had succeeded in her task, other than the fact that he could feel her relax her muscles, then lower her arms to her sides. He released her wrists, feeling the little power that remained flowing back into his body. It was then, just as he was about to call for Linhardt, that the horrific thing that couldn’t be allowed to happen occurred, right before his eyes.Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lysias extend an arm toward them, and in the next second, an elder spell shot out of his hand. Sylvain threw himself into the mage to get him off his balance, but it was already too late. Even before the spell hit its mark, Hubert could see what it was: a curse. The worst kind of elder magic.Without his usual strength and reflexes, there was no way he could react in time. Instead, he had to helplessly watch as the curse landed, striking Constance in the chest like an arrow. She stumbled back into him, legs giving in beneath her. But he could still feel her pulse, her warmth, her breath on his cheek as he leaned forward over her shoulder. Whatever the curse had done, it had left her alive at least.There was no time to think any further than that.“Linhardt!” he yelled. “To me,  now!” The white mage knew better than to argue at this point, running straight toward them. He had probably seen the curse hit as well and was expecting an order to heal her, but that would have to wait another moment. As soon as Linhardt arrived by their side, Hubert violently grabbed his wrist and wasted no time in pulling from his reserves. As the magic streamed into him like a powerful torrent, he raised his other hand and began a teleportation spell, quickly identifying the other figures he wanted to bring with him.  Yuri, Sylvain, Hapi.  The second he had them in his mental grasp, he swiped his hand to the side, enveloping himself in a familiar cloud of dark dust. As his vision faded to black, he focused his mind on where he wanted to take them.  Outside. Dark, cold, crisp. As far away as possible. When his vision returned, he was standing in a forest, completely drenched in darkness. Before even thinking of casting a fire spell to light their surroundings, he brought Linhardt’s hand to Constance’s chest.“Heal her,” he commanded.“I—I don’t know if I—”“Heal her,” he repeated. “I don’t care if you know how, just do it!”He knew he wasn’t making much sense, but the terror of possibly losing her to a curse  now,  after everything they had gone through together, after  everything—“Hubert,” Constance murmured, gripping his hand and squeezing it. “Hubert, please, I am well. I am merely exhausted after using such powerful magic.”What? She had been struck by a curse, and claimed to be  well?“You do not grasp the gravity of—”His next words died on his tongue as a burst of light crackled above their heads. He turned his gaze to the sky, watching as pillars of light rained down upon the ground in the distance. Thankfully, he had managed to muster the power and presence of mind to teleport them far enough away that they should not be seriously harmed by the attack. The city of Shambhala, however… Well, if the ground did not collapse in onto the city and crush it beneath the heavy rocks of the mountainside, he would be extremely surprised.From here, however, all they heard from the destruction were distant explosions as pillar after pillar struck the ground, lighting up even their little clearing in the forest in their wake. Hubert quickly looked around and saw Hapi, Sylvain and Yuri nearby. Good. That meant that he had managed to save all of them. Her head hanging, Constance silently turned to face him, wrapping her arms around his torso and burying her face in his chest. At first, he was uncertain how to react, particularly with all of the others around to see. But they all had their gazes fixed on the horizon, watching the ‘fireworks’ so to speak, so he allowed himself to hold her in his arms. Only after he’d closed his arms around her did he realize that her shoulders were shaking. Was she… crying?“Sunshine,” he whispered as he carefully stroked her back, recalling the last time that she had cried in his arms, which had also happened to be the first. It was after he had hidden the sun from her view. He hadn’t expected it then, and he most certainly hadn’t expected it to happen a second time.Instead of pushing her again when she didn’t reply, he decided just to hold her for now. Perhaps it was simply weariness, or perhaps the magnitude of everything that had happened in the past twenty-four hours had finally caught up with her. Either way, there would be time to talk about it at a later date.The pillars of light stopped coming eventually, leaving only a faint outline of smoke in the distance. Yuri channeled a light spell in his palm then, illuminating their clearing once again. His gaze moved to Constance, causing Hubert to freeze, but the rogue paused there for only a moment before moving over to Hapi and Sylvain. The latter had pulled the former to his side, one arm wrapped around her shoulders. They looked mostly unharmed except for a few scratches on their faces and tears in their clothes. Yuri, however, looked the most worn out of all of them, which was not too strange considering that he had been hit by a powerful elder weapon just moments earlier.“Hapi,” Yuri said tiredly, leaning against a nearby tree. “Will you be a darling and summon our rides home?”It seemed like a strange thing to say, but with how tired Hubert was himself, he didn’t have the energy to ponder on it. Even when large, winged beasts showed up, he managed to swallow his discomfort with flying and climb atop the things. Hapi assured them that she knew how to control the animals, which was also beyond him in his present state; but with his arms locked around Constance, who was an expert at riding winged animals, he somehow still managed to endure the ride all the way back to Garreg Mach.At least, after all had been said and done, he was alive, Constance was alive, and there would be no impostor by Lady Edelgard’s side.Despite the fact that Constance had gone against his wishes yet again, he supposed he had to count tonight as a success.

Hubert ran his hand along the motley row of books, scrolls and haphazard pieces of parchment stuck in-between. Wheat recipes, the art of saddling a horse, a collection of letters between an ancient king and his lover, a list of practical jokes… What an absolutely disorderly collection of resources. If he hadn’t been so dejected by what had met him in the shadow library so far, he might have found it a practical joke in itself. How in the world was he supposed to find anything of value in this chaotic place?“Aren’t you supposed to be snoring in a sick bed right now?”He paused with his hand by the next shelf, turning his head just enough that he could see the visitor from the edge of his cowl. As he caught sight of Yuri, he sighed and ran a hand over his head to remove the cowl, then watched as the other man crouched down next to Crow and vigorously scratched his neck. The wolf leaned his head back and let out a content whine. “I suppose if you ask Linhardt,” Hubert said wearily, “then yes, I should. But I believe I know my own limits best.”He watched with dismay as Crow flopped onto his side and rolled over to reveal his stomach, at which Yuri laughed and moved his attention to the new area. Apparently Yuri was the only one other than Hubert and Constance who could even get close to the animal without a low growl in response. Come to think of it, hadn’t Constance once mentioned he was the one who gifted it to her to begin with?He turned his disapproving gaze to the wolf, before catching himself and immediately turning to the bookshelves instead.  What am I even doing? He’s just a wild animal. There is no such thing as ‘betrayal’ in his world. “Fair enough,” Yuri replied as he stood again, brushing loose strands of fur off his pants as Hubert continued to browse the goods. “I guess I’m one to talk; I narrowly avoided the infirmary myself.”He started walking along the row of shelves, letting his fingers graze against the backs of the books held within as he passed them by. “You know, if you’re looking for something in particular, you should ask Constance. She’s spent so long searching through these shelves, I bet she practically knows them by heart at this point. And the goddess knows we would need an actual librarian down here. Rare pearls mixed in with centuries of junk…” He stopped next to Hubert, with his gaze roaming the shelves in front of them. “Then again, I guess that’s part of the experience. The thrill of the hunt.”Hubert scoffed. “Mm. And you’re here for the thrill, I assume?”“Me? I just came to say hi,” Yuri said with a sideways smirk. “You didn’t think you could hide from me in my own home, did you? I was informed the minute you stepped into Abyss.” His smirk widened into a grin, his head tilting back somewhat as he continued in a playful lilt, “And yeah, that means I know you were here in disguise that time in the inn as well. Only, I didn’t know back then that you were her ‘Crow.’ If I had, maybe I’d have let Constance know that her secret lover was spying on her.”Hubert clenched his jaw. He knew Yuri’s type; knew that he wanted to get a rise out of him, but Hubert would not give him that satisfaction. Instead, he decided to change the subject. “I believe I haven’t had the chance to express my gratitude,” he said calmly as he turned to the trickster, whose grin instantly faded. “You were instrumental in our escape from Shambhala. Without you, it is very likely we would not have made it out alive, if at all.”Yuri shrugged as he picked out a book seemingly at random and began to browse through it. From what he could tell, it was a botanical study.“I was just a distraction. Constance handled the rest.”Hubert studied the other man as he nonchalantly flipped through the book. He radiated calmness—a man in control of his surroundings, who was right where he wanted to be and knew just how to navigate his way around their conversation—but Hubert could sense something else just beneath the surface. Something he was trying to hide, to push down. Usually, that was a sign that lies were being told, but that didn’t seem to be the case here.Clearly, it was too early to push him at this moment. He needed more leverage first; some kind of opening. And in order to find one, he might have to give a peace offering.“I’m searching for resources on dark magic,” he said. “More specifically, curses.”Without ceasing his browsing, Yuri glanced up at him with feigned disinterest. “And here I thought you already knew all there was to know about dark magic.”Hubert let out a mildly amused huff. “Flattering, but no. I have never had cause to research curses before, and there is so little written on the subject that I have only stumbled upon tidbits here and there.”“And now you’re trying to dig up what you can find, because you think Constance was struck by a curse. That right?”“I don’t just  think,  I  know she was,” Hubert said, unable to keep the annoyance out of his voice. “And until I have learned of a way to remove the curse—whatever its nature—she will need to be kept under surveillance.”Yuri’s fingers abruptly stopped flipping through the pages. Finally, a reaction—although it was unclear exactly what he was thinking. He stared straight down at the book for a moment, inhaling and then exhaling slowly. “Have you told her yet?”“No,” Hubert replied. “She is still asleep in the infirmary.”He slowly started browsing through the book again. “She won’t like it.”Hubert smiled grimly, turning to face the shelves in front of him. His gaze scanned the one right above his eye level; of the titles that were visible without having to pull anything out from the shelf, none seemed relevant to his search.“No. She will not.” His gaze paused as he reached the end of the shelf, and his own words slowly sank in.  She will not like it; nothing will change that. But perhaps… Perhaps there was a way to at least mitigate the violation somewhat.“On that note,” he began, “I’m leaving for the Kingdom tomorrow, which means I will have to task one of my men with said surveillance. Unless you would be willing to keep an eye on her, that is.”Once again, Yuri’s fingers stilled. But this time, he closed the book and smoothed over the front with one hand before speaking.“If that’s what she prefers.” “Of course. It is up to her what she wants.”“Uh-huh. I assume you’re going to ask her, then? Go visit when she wakes up?”Hubert looked back at the shelf. He reached up to pull out a book with a titleless back, then put it back when he saw that it concerned the history of axes. He knew that he should visit her; knew that Constance would be expecting it. She would likely be confused that he was not there when she woke up. But there was little time left to handle what he needed to do in the remaining time before his next mission, and seeing Constance…It was not that he was afraid. Of course he wasn’t; he wouldn’t be of such a simple, harmless thing. But…“I’ll see what I can do,” he said. “I have to prepare for tomorrow’s journey. I’ve already lost several days.”“Mm. Of course.”There was that something bubbling beneath the surface again. It was in his tone of voice, in the way he held himself, in his gaze whenever he stole a glance in Hubert’s direction. While it was a little clearer now—there was obviously contempt leaking through in his responses—he couldn’t see Yuri cracking in the near future unless he was pushed far enough. And Hubert was too short on time to afford playing around.Sighing, he turned to the other man. “You clearly have something you wish to say. Why don’t you spare us both some time and spit it out, whatever it is?”With that, Yuri put his book back on the shelf and turned to face him with a resolute expression.“Fine,” he said in a clipped voice. “Then let me be frank. I don’t like you, and I don’t trust you. But for some reason that is beyond me, Constance has fallen in love with you. And from what I gather, the feeling seems to be mutual. So I seem to be stuck with you for now.”Hubert crossed his arms over his chest. Finally, some sincerity. He wasn’t surprised Yuri didn’t like him; he couldn’t exactly say he liked him either. But he did know that Constance considered him a dear friend, and so he had no choice but to respect the man’s opinion—whether he wanted to or not.“Yes, I believe I’m in a similar predicament,” he said dryly.Yuri let out an amused huff, yet his expression remained wholly unamused.“Now, I don’t presume to know better than Constance what she wants or needs. I believe she’s capable of deciding that for herself.” He shook his head. “But for fuck’s sake, man, how many times are you going to keep screwing this up?”Only the many years of practicing discipline over his own expression and body language saved him from making a complete fool of himself in that moment. He swiftly turned his head back to the shelf, sorely needing the breathing room away from Yuri’s gaze, but he regretted it as soon as he broke eye contact.  Don’t show weakness, you fool. “Listen,” Yuri continued. “You fuck up again and again and never seem to learn. If Constance thinks she can be happy with you, then I don’t mind giving her a push in the right direction when she needs it. But there’s only so far I’ll go to maintain a relationship I’m not even part of, and you’re toeing  dangerously close to the line.”Hubert swallowed thickly, staring at the unhelpful backside of a children’s book on the nearest shelf. He felt as though he’d been thrown over a cliffside and was plunging to his death.  A push in the right direction.  Was he implying that he had helped convince Constance to keep trying with him? Was that why she had so stubbornly pushed onward even when he kept brushing her off? He’d wondered about that; why she never seemed to back down, even after he’d explicitly told her he could never give her what she wanted.“Constance is in love with you,” Yuri said sharply, clearly growing agitated by Hubert’s silence. “Constance von  fucking  Nuvelle. She’s in love with you, man!” He slammed the side of his fist into a shelf, causing a few loose scrolls to jump off the edge and fall to the floor. “And you’re throwing it away, over and over and  over again. Do you think you’re the only one who sees her for what she is? Do you think you’re the only one who lifts off the ground when she laughs and aches to protect her when she cries? Well, sorry to kiss your fairytale goodbye, but you’re not alone.” Hubert clenched his fists behind his back. He had expected some harsh words, perhaps a thinly veiled warning at the most, but he was not at all prepared for  this. This was… Yes. He knew that she was in love with him, and he knew that he was ‘fucking it up’ repeatedly. Why? He wished he knew. He  did love her, and apparently, he was not the only one.How did I miss this?“Next time I find her crying because of you, don’t expect me to sing your praises. Next time, I swear I’ll put all my cards on the table and show her what she could have instead. Do you want to take that chance? Are you confident she’d still choose you? Because if not, you better fucking get your head out of your ass and prove to her that you’re worth her time and attention, or you might end up losing her to someone who will.” At this point, Yuri’s eyes were glowing with rage. Considering that, his voice was downright calm; throughout his monolog, he had barely even raised it. “Have I made myself clear?”Hubert took a deep breath through gritted teeth. Clear? Yes. It was highly, undeniably clear that he had underestimated Constance’s relationship with Yuri. He’d been able to surmise from what she’d said in her letters that the two were close, but now he couldn’t help wondering whether she’d only told a half truth. Of course, she didn’t owe him any truths at all about previous relationships, but judging by how adamant Yuri was concerning this matter, it was unlikely that his was just a passing fancy. And if there had already existed something between the two of them, however brief or shallow… It could always spark again.So, yes. He had made himself clear.He turned his head to look at Yuri, who raised his eyebrows in an impatient question.“Yes,” he said in a low voice. “Extremely clear.”Yuri smirked then; but it was a twisted, almost disgusted kind of smirk. “I would say ‘good’, but to be frank, I kinda hope you’ll fail again. You should be grateful that I’m even giving you this last chance.”With that, he spun on his heel and strode out of the library, muttering curse words below his breath. Hubert was left staring at the shelf right in front of him, practically paralyzed in place. 

Which he took to mean that if he left for Faerghus without seeing Constance again, he might return to find her in someone else’s arms… And perhaps that might be for the best, especially for her. But was their… their relationship, or whatever it could be called, that weak? Or had he simply taken too many twists and turns to reach this point, that any mistake on his part would be the last straw?And most importantly, was he willing to risk it?Truth be told, she could be a damn nuisance when she wanted to—especially when she refused time and time again to comply with his orders. But more often than not, she was somehow a pleasant nuisance.An image of Constance, telling him with a sweetly malicious smile that  ‘you look like you could need a nap, my Lord’  popped up unbidden in his mind, followed by an image of her dressed in her evening wear and fiercely proclaiming that her connections had  true power, thank you very much, which blended into the next image where she stood by the monastery pond, proudly accepting his praise of the reflections she had created in the water. Even the early memories of her—of watching her laugh gleefully as she made rainbow tea for Lady Edelgard, or of being scolded by her after she had run straight into him in the library—brought a smile to his face.In fact, he couldn’t recall a single time when he had not enjoyed her company, which seemed odd considering how long ago they first met, but nevertheless rang true.And there was something… something indescribable, intangible about being in her company most of the time. Something that caused his feet to become a little lighter and his mind a little clearer. He rarely found himself in situations where he had to strain himself not to smile, but in her vicinity, it was almost as though another Hubert peered through the cracks of the hard shell he had built himself; a younger Hubert, intrigued by the strong sunshine outside. A Hubert who wanted to be as joyful and carefree as Constance von Nuvelle, and who could barely keep himself from being pulled along for the ride. A Hubert who wanted to find out just how far into the sunlight he could go—for how long he could stay—without getting burned.And all of this, all of the joy and surprise and warmth she brought him, he might lose… just like that. Just because he was too afraid to leap and have faith.Running a hand over his face, he sighed and tore himself out of his place in front of the shelf. Crow, who had laid to rest on the floor behind him, immediately got to his paws and followed him out of the library.No way. He was too far gone at this point.He was no longer willing to risk it.She came to slowly, like snow melting at the first warm rays of sun in springtime. Stretching out her limbs, she winced at how sore they all felt, but could not remember why all that well. Her eyes opened, and at first she did not recognize her surroundings. The first thing that struck her was that there was no bed above her; the second, that there were windows to her left. She frowned at the latter, trying to figure out where she had found herself if not in Abyss.And then it clicked.  The infirmary. She could recall faint scenes from returning to the monastery early in the morning, atop a wild bird with Hubert’s arms tightly wrapped around her waist. She remembered asking Yuri why he was not coming with them to the infirmary, and him telling her that he just needed rest and would get it in his own space. She remembered being supported by Sylvain up the stairs—remembered thinking how relieved she was that he managed not to make any inappropriate jokes on her behalf—and then being told by Linhardt to lie down in one of the beds so that he could examine her again. And after that…Turning her head to her right, she blinked at the empty bed beside her. The blanket and sheets seemed completely unmoved, but she could have sworn that Hubert had lain down on that very bed, reassuring her that he would get some well-needed rest. And yet… Hubert was nowhere to be seen.But she was here in the infirmary with sore limbs, so surely none of it—of Shambhala, of her saving Hubert—had been imagination?She groaned as she turned to lie on her back again. It didn’t exactly help that everything was so quiet; as though she was in a dream. But no, yesterday had certainly happened. She had been brought to Shambhala by none other than Thales himself, she had figured out how to use the city’s power against them, and she had convinced Hubert not to push her away yet again. They had escaped his cell, only to run into Thales and Lysias, and Yuri and the others had arrived just in time. And then—The sound of the doorknob turning pulled her out of her thoughts. She quickly pushed herself up into a seated position, watching with a frown as the door opened and none other than Hubert walked into the room, followed by a large wolf right on his heel.He was pale, but not as deathly pale as when last she saw him. His eyes were focused, his hair clean and brushed, and his posture straight. He was even wearing a variant of his uniform again; it was not quite identical to the one stolen by Lysias, which made her wonder whether it had been a conscious choice to adjust some of the details. They had no way of knowing whether Lysias was still alive, so even slight changes in clothing might be a strategy on Hubert’s part. If he one day showed up in his old uniform, they would know to be suspicious.She half expected to see the black veins on his hands as she lowered her gaze to where they hung by his sides, but he had put on his white gloves again, hiding them from view. And as she let her gaze move further down, she took in the happy wolf that stood by his side. Constance raised her eyebrows as she met Hubert’s gaze again. He sighed, but he was smiling.“He hasn’t let me out of his sight since I left this room,” he said, shaking his head. “He even tried to jump into the bathtub with me.”She raised a hand to her mouth to hide her giggle, then gasped as his words sank in. “You had a bath? Oh, what I wouldn’t give for a nice, warm soak in a tub filled with rose-scented water…”“That can certainly be arranged,” he said. “I’ll have someone see to it as soon as I leave.”She sighed dreamily at the thought of sinking down into hot water, cleansing her of filth and weariness both in one fell swoop. Perhaps then she would feel more like herself again.But—wait. What was that last part?  ‘As soon as I leave’?  He was leaving her again already? How long had she slept?He must have seen her expression change, for his smile faded, and then he took a few tentative steps toward her bed. He stopped at a respectable distance, though; too far away in her opinion, but she supposed it was the proper thing to do under the circumstances.“I need to prepare for the upcoming mission,” he explained. “We are leaving for the Kingdom tomorrow.”“So soon?” she gasped, throwing the blanket off her legs and pushing herself to her feet. “Why did no one tell me? I have to check on my pegasus—”Hubert immediately stepped in her way, firmly gripping her shoulders. She blinked up at him, her thoughts momentarily halted.  “You are not coming,” he said. What…?  Had she not proven again and again how vital she was in battle? Even in Shambhala, when he had—entirely on his own free will—told her that she was  incredible? “Excuse me?!” she exclaimed and shoved at him with her hand, at which he just moved one of his own hands from her shoulder to capture her wrist. “You need me!”“That may be so,” he said, “but we don’t know what consequences may follow from the curse. You could just as quickly become a liability in the midst of battle, and that is the last thing we need at such a vital point.”“Again with the curse,” she snapped. “I am completely fine! Linhardt could find nothing when he examined me.”Hubert’s expression hardened, as did his grip around her. “I saw the curse strike you with my own eyes,” he said. “A curse cast by an experienced elder mage, no less. If Linhardt found no discernible effects, it was only because Lysias did not want any to be found. We need to proceed with caution until we have had the time to look into this more thoroughly, and as of right now, that time does not exist. We need to focus on the coming battle against the Kingdom.”Constance glared up at him. She knew deep down that he was right to be cautious, but she hated the idea of having to stay behind while the others risked their lives for the Empire. What if something happened to her friends? If something happened to Hubert, and she was not there to stop it?“Do you understand?” Hubert asked.Did she understand? Yes, she did; she understood his meaning crystal clear. Did she agree? No. But that had not been his question.“Yes,” she said reluctantly. “I do.”“And this time, you will do as I ask?” This time. Constance closed her eyes for a moment, swallowing. She supposed he was right to doubt her, but it still cut deep. “... Yes,” she said, opening her eyes just in time to see his expression soften somewhat. He heaved a deep sigh, and when he spoke next, his voice was lower; almost weary.“I have very limited experience with curses,” he said as he released her wrist, “but rest assured that I will get to the bottom of this. Until then, we shall need to keep you under surveillance. And under no circumstances will you meet with Lady Edelgard alone.”“Surveillance?” she asked incredulously.“Naturally, you will be free to roam the monastery,” he said, “as long as you are accompanied by someone who is aware of your condition and capable of handling any situations that may arise from it.” She looked away, knowing that there was no sense in arguing. On the inside, she was boiling with frustration. She could accept that she would not be allowed to join the battle, but to have her followed around, like… like a criminal? Surely Hubert did not enjoy imposing these rules on her, and she understood why they were necessary, but that did not take away the feeling that he still did not trust her.When she did not speak, Hubert sighed and released her shoulder as well. “I understand that this is a grave violation of your integrity. For this reason, I have asked Yuri to be your chaperon for now, and he has agreed under the condition that this is what you prefer. Of course, I assume he has his own duties to see to. If you wish to move around freely at your own leisure, one of my men might be a better option.”“I shall take that into consideration,” she said quietly, without meeting his eyes. “And how long will I remain under surveillance?”“If we have seen no signs of a curse’s effects in a month, I will re-evaluate the decision. Re-evaluate; not necessarily rescind.”… And he had been surprised that she went against his wishes again and again? But this time, she would attempt not to. She would attempt to follow his wishes this once, if only because she had failed him so many times in the past that she needed to show him now that he could trust her when it truly mattered.So even though she felt like screaming out in frustration, she only huffed out a “Fair enough.”He nodded, seeming to relax slightly. She took a step back, and as she happened to glance downward, she realized that she was wearing nothing but the short pink dress she usually wore under all of her armor. Without the rest of the pieces of her outfit, she felt extremely exposed all of a sudden.Throwing her arms around herself to cover her chest, she cast down her eyes. “I… You must forgive my indecency,” she murmured. She already felt her cheeks warm, her previous emotions all but evaporating. “There is no need for concern,” he assured her. “You are in the infirmary. The most important thing is that you are comfortable.”She gazed down at her naked feet and legs.  The most important thing.  Somehow, she doubted that he truly meant that. For him, the most important thing was that she complied with his orders; that she did not expose his liege to any unnecessary risks. If it hadn’t been for Lady Edelgard, would he have been this harsh? Or would he have taken the risk? If it hadn’t been for Lady Edelgard, she supposed he would have been able to stay by Constance’s side rather than let someone else keep an eye on her. And if something had happened then, he would have known how to handle it. How to handle  her.  But alas, with Lady Edelgard in the picture, other duties would always come first. As they always will. But this is what I chose, is it not? By choosing to be with Hubert, she had also accepted the terms of a relationship with him. And he had been very clear on what those terms entailed; she could not fault him for that. Still, she could not help but wonder… Did he truly love her the way she loved him? Or did he simply find her to be a somewhat enjoyable pastime, to please himself with when his other duties had been taken care of?She squeezed her eyes closed in frustration. No, what was she thinking? She knew that he loved her! She could tell it from his voice, his gaze, his touch, even the fact that he was still standing here in complete silence even after he had finished what he came for, when he surely had other duties to see to. So why did she feel as though it had all been her imagination…?She glanced toward the window, almost expecting to meet a ray of sunlight; for why else would she be doubting herself in this way? But no, today was a dark and rainy day, and so she had no excuse to feel dejected. None but the possibility of being turned down once again. She was painfully aware that, as of yet, he hadn’t mentioned anything that happened between them. Not the rescue, not the fight, not the kiss. Nor did he show any kind of emotion toward her.Why did he not mention it?“Constance.”She forced herself to look at him, and saw that he was studying her in the same way he often seemed to be doing lately; intensely, pensively, as though she was a puzzle he still hadn’t quite figured out.“You may leave now,” she said quietly. “There is no need for you to remain. You have said what you came here to say.”His eyebrows knit together. “You believe you can read me well enough to draw such a conclusion? I would call you naive, but I suspect your rationality is simply failing you at the moment.” He paused, looking toward the window with a sigh. “There is… one other thing, in fact.”Her fingers clenched around her upper arms as she debated with herself whether to return to the bed or not. It would certainly be the most prudent to do so, but something was keeping her in place. A little voice… telling her that she should stay near him. With how grave his expression was, she had nothing to cling to but hope, and even that was slowly dwindling as he continued to gaze out at the rain outside. She sighed nervously, raising a hand to comb it through her curls.“When this war is over, and I am back from the Kingdom…” he said after a long moment of silence. “I would like to see you, at a location of your choice. There are some things I need to get in order, and I know I have already made you wait long enough, but…” He paused to look back at her again, and his gaze almost seemed to plead with her. “Please, have patience until I return. That is all I ask.”Her hand stilled. She looked away, hoping that her long hair would shield her face from his view as her cheeks began to heat up. The hope that she had been trying to drown sparked to life again as she dared to dream. “Might I ask what to expect?” she asked, forcing a calm voice that did not at all reflect how she felt on the inside.He let out an amused huff that also seemed to reveal a hint of nervousness. She wished she could have seen his face.“Well…” he said, drawing out the word almost as though he dreaded the continuation of his own sentence. “The truth, I suppose.”Constance wanted to swallow, her throat having gone instantly dry, but she forced herself to keep still. “The truth? About what, exactly?”He didn’t answer immediately. When she dared to turn her head enough that she could see his expression, she caught him gazing out the window again. “About many things,” he said distantly. “About the ritual… About my place in Lady Edelgard’s life… And… about you and me. But before I can do that, I need to find some of those answers for myself.”He turned back to look at her, and then he reached out and took her hand in his. She drew for air, confusion coloring her thoughts even as the sensation of his clothed fingers sliding against her bare ones sent a wave of heat through her body. Was he using some sort of elder magic on her, or was she truly this easily affected by a mere touch of his hand now?As she watched in stunned silence, he raised her hand to his lips and placed a feather light kiss on her knuckles, all while holding her gaze.“Will you wait for me,” he asked in a low voice, “Sunshine?”She drew in a trembling breath. His gaze was deep and sincere as he slowly lowered her hand again, and she had the distinct feeling that whatever she chose to reply to this question, it would seal her fate with him for good.There was no doubt that she  wanted  to wait for him, and this time it sounded as though he truly understood what she wanted from him—as though he wanted to  give  it to her. And, truth be told, hadn’t her fate been sealed the minute he decided to write his first message in the margins of  The Compendium? What else was there to do but say yes?Not trusting her voice to hold, she swallowed and gave him a firm nod. Now, finally, she actually saw a sign of emotion in his face; it flashed past, there and gone in a second, but she  had seen it; she was sure of it. Whether it was relief or anxiousness, however, she could not discern.“You have my gratitude,” he said, bowing his head before he straightened again and let her hand fall back to her side, “And my apologies; I really need to leave. I’m afraid I have already stayed too long.”He began to turn, and before she could even make a conscious decision, her hand had shot out to grab his wrist. He stopped, looking back at her with just a hint of caution in his eyes.“Hubert,” she said quietly, bravely meeting his gaze. “Make certain to come back in one piece, or I shall never let your soul rest.”He looked at her for a moment, and she could see his shoulders relax somewhat as he took in her warning. But then a smile tugged at his lips, something playful gleaming behind his gaze. “I believe you,” he said. “However, as your tutor in the dark methods…” He leaned in toward her, as if to whisper a secret in her ear. Her breath caught when she felt his breath against the side of her jaw, the alluring scent of his shaving fragrance catching her poor senses off guard. “... I feel obliged to tell you that a threat is supposed to be discouraging.”Dumbfounded, she momentarily forgot how to breathe as she felt him step out of her grasp, and she could only watch in silence as he reached back to open the door, wearing the same remarkable smirk that she only ever saw him aim in her direction. “Until next time, Constance,” he said, then turned and stepped through the doorway.Even after the door had closed, she stood in the same place for a long moment, staring after him. Only when a lightning strike in the distance startled her out of her daze did she walk back to sit on the sick bed. She held her hands over her chest, the hand he had kissed being the closest to her heart, and considered what he had told her.‘A threat is supposed to be discouraging.’What in the world was that supposed to mean? Had he just insulted her capacities to threaten someone?With a loud and drawn-out sigh, she let herself fall onto her back, staring up into the ceiling. But then as she let the words marinate in her mind, she found herself beginning to smile; and a moment after, to giggle to herself. She rolled onto her side, pulling the blanket up to her face to shriek into it. Butterfly wings fluttered in her chest. It made little sense: he had hardly even said  anything,  so why was she reacting as though he had just proposed to her?But he practically had, hadn’t he? If the thought of her ‘never letting his soul rest’ was  desirable to him rather than deterring, surely she was not rash to presume that he wished to have her by his side in life as well as in death; and was that not in theory identical to wishing to marry her…?With no warning, the memory of his hot breath against her jaw invaded her mind and her senses—of his soft words caressing her skin—followed by an almost physical memory of their kiss in Shambhala; his hand tangled in her hair, his teeth grazing her lips. She whined and closed her eyes, grateful that she was alone in the room. Regardless of how things stood between them from one moment to the next, one thing was for certain: she was entirely, overwhelmingly, wholly and incredibly infatuated with Hubert von Vestra, and she had little hope of ever overcoming those emotions.But perhaps, if her interpretation of his words was not completely off the mark…She would not need to.

“Let’s see… This sign here  should be correct… The line goes there, and then the algebra should be… Yes. Yes! But then why does it not work?! Ugh!”With a wide sweep of her hand, Constance erased everything on the blackboard and began to write her formula anew, eyebrows pinched together in annoyance. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Yuri lean an elbow against the table as he turned toward her in his seat. “You alright there, Shady Lady?”“No,” she growled as she scribbled out the rest of the formula, mouthing the signs to herself as she wrote. She stepped back to study her work, chewing on the inside of her cheek. Was this one even different, or would she run into the same error again? Taking a deep breath, she called on the elder magic from within, moving her hands in a smooth twirling movement in front of her as she tried to shape the spell. A glowing magic circle appeared beneath her feet, but as soon as sparks of magic began to materialize around her hands, everything fizzled and vanished again. She stomped her foot into the floor in frustration, picking up the chalk and angrily throwing it at the board, causing it to break in two pieces. “I cannot for the life of me figure out what is wrong with this spell!”She spun on her heel, returning to the table where Yuri sat. Leaning over the mess of scrolls, notebooks and tomes on her side, she let her gaze scan the various pages for a clue on how to continue. Her hair fell into her face, even after she had tried to tuck it behind her ears several times, and with a loud sigh, she straightened and ran her hands over her hair to move her hairband backward and tie her annoying curls into a ponytail on the back of her head.“Have you considered taking a break?” Yuri asked, following the movement with his eyes. “You’ve been at it for hours. Your mind probably just needs rest.”“No,” she muttered as she seated herself, turning her attention to one book in particular:  The Compendium of Light and Dark.  It had been years since she and Hubert last communicated with each other through the book, but many of his notes on elder magic were still useful even now. Still, though, he had never really taught her how to combine elder magic with other kinds of magic, which was what she was currently attempting. Many years ago, shortly before the war began, he had helped her create an elder formula with black magic aspects interwoven into the spell as variables: the tracing spell that she had successfully managed to adapt so that it could help the wolf locate him. But he had never taught her how to do it herself, or whether it was possible to combine two arts more seamlessly rather than having one of them simply amplify the other. “I do not need rest,” she said ruefully. “What I need is  Hubert.”She browsed through the chapter on ‘dark magic’, finding nothing of much use to her at the moment, before moving her attention to the stack of old letters she had placed to the side. They had been discussing elder magic there as well, but for her to go through dozens of letters in search of a crumb when she knew there wouldn’t be any that could help her figure this particular puzzle out… It would objectively be a waste of time.With a groan, she closed the book and leaned forward to rest her forehead against its front. Hubert—along with Sylvain, Hapi and the rest of the troops who had marched toward the final battle against the Kingdom—had been gone for two weeks. She had no way of knowing how much longer it would take, but there was one thing she was very certain of.If she found out that she had to spend two more weeks in Yuri’s presence, she might just decide to jump into the dark waters of Abyss.It wasn’t that he was annoying her  all  the time, and she had to admit that out of all the people she could think of to have to spend this much time with, she would rather it be Yuri than anyone else. But to almost  never get a moment to herself was not something she was used to; nor was it anything she would wish on her worst enemy.… Except, perhaps, for Lysias. But only because he had been the one to cause this horrible mess in the first place.“What kind of spell are you working on, anyway? Can’t it wait?”She sighed. “I want to find a way to prove that there is, in fact, no curse affecting me. I fear Hubert may never rescind these restrictions unless I can show him hard evidence.”Yuri exhaled in amusement. “You’re going to prove something  doesn’t exist? And how the hell are you going to go about that?”“There are light spells to reveal that which is hidden, and dark spells to trace powerful magic. My hope is to combine the two kinds into one, possibly proving that  if  there had been a curse, my spell would have revealed it.” She sat up again, giving a dejected shrug. “Truthfully, I do not even know whether it is possible to combine light magic and dark magic. But I simply  must try.”He smiled faintly. “If anyone can do it, it’ll be you.”She sighed. “Thank you.”“But for now,” he continued, standing from his seat, “I think you should rest. Try to think about something else for a while.”“Oh believe me, I would  love to, but however am I supposed to do that?” she asked, watching him stop next to the table and lean in over her books. He started closing the remaining tomes and notebooks, piling them into neat stacks.“Like this,” he said; and when he was finished, he straightened, gave her a wry smile and crossed his arms over his chest as he leaned against the table. “And with my charm.”“Ha!” she said. “For a moment, you made me hopeful.”Yuri raised his eyebrows, and she instantly knew that she had made a mistake. There was no question in her book that he had considered that a challenge. “Now behave,” she warned before he could say anything, leaning back somewhat as she raised a hand and peered at him cautiously. “I’ll have you know, I am practically engaged.”That was just a  slight overstatement, considering what Hubert had told her when last they met.Yuri gave her an amused smirk, tilting his head to the side. “Yeah? Is that why you’ve started dressing more modestly recently?”Caught off guard, she glanced down at her choice of clothing. Today, she wore a fitted gray dress with a long skirt and sleeves and a tall buttoned collar; not exactly the same model as her favorite during her time in the academy, but she supposed it covered more skin than her battle clothing had ever done. She had to admit that it was somewhat unfamiliar to her at this point; she seemed to have gotten used to the more agile wear over the years.She looked up at him defiantly. “No,” she said with a small huff. “I simply see no point in wearing my battle wear when the war is about to end.”“You don’t have to wear long dresses just because we’re in a time of peace, you know,” he teased. “There  is a middle-ground, I’m sure.”She looked away, feeling somewhat stupid all of a sudden. She supposed she could take another look at her wardrobe; she had changed in these five years after all. It was only natural to let that change be reflected in her clothing.“Either way, it’s been a while since I saw you so covered up,” Yuri said. His voice was so matter-of-factly, she had some difficulty determining at first whether he was jesting with her or not. But then he solved that little conundrum as he continued, “It does bring back memories from a simpler, more innocent time… A time when I could fluster you with the tiniest little comment. Like… ‘That dress really flatters your elbows.’”She swatted him on the arm with a groan, at which he burst into laughter. “See? Not even a hint of a blush."“You have said much more brutish things to me in the past, and you know it.”He raised his eyebrows as well as his hands. “Guilty,” he acknowledged, “but in my defense, you—”“I am very amusing to fluster, yes yes, I know,” she said as she rolled her eyes. “You do love to inform me of that.”“I was going to say that you do have very attractive elbows.”She let out a frustrated groan, giving him a narrow-eyed glare as she shoved his arm a little harder this time. “Ugh! Do you ever stop? You know, I  much prefer my mental version of you.”Only when Yuri made a choked sound did she realize her mistake. She would  have to be more careful around him; this wouldn’t do! Turning her suddenly burning face away from him, she cleared her throat and hoped he would take the hint.But when had Yuri ever dropped the ball?“What was that?” he asked in a voice that was clearly strained in an attempt not to sound too curious. “Did you say—” Oh, here we go.  She supposed she only had herself to blame.“Yes, yes,” she said with a loud sigh, “I seem to have a version of you in my head who shows up to mock me when I least need it.”“Oh?” He laughed. “Now I’m intrigued for real. When this… mental Yuri speaks to you, what does he say?”She was just about to snub him when she came to the realization that perhaps it would be best to simply lay all the cards on the table; that would give him less to work with if he wanted to try flustering her. So she put on a nonchalant expression and replied,“He helped me devise a strategy for how to escape Shambhala. His suggestions were rather helpful; but no wonder, since in reality it was all me. I do tend to come up with excellent ideas, even under pressure.”Yuri’s smile twitched, threatening to turn into a smirk again. “That may be true, but I’m still flattered.” He smoothly sailed over to his side of the table again. “If your problem-solving persona wears my face, I must’ve been doing  something right.”She gave him a furtive glance as he sat down to focus on his own papers.  Doing ‘something’ right…?  Once again, she couldn’t tell whether he was being serious or not. For all his outward confidence, sometimes these little hints of insecurity shone through the cracks. Certainly he must know that he was an inspiration to her when it came to his problem-solving skills? “Yuri,” she said softly, causing him to lift his head and meet her gaze again. “You  do  know—”“Hey, where’s our ‘welcome home’ party?”Yuri’s gaze darted over her shoulder as she turned her head toward the doorway, where Sylvain and Hapi just walked in. They wore their full armor, looking weary and beaten, but they were  alive.  Heart jumping in her chest, Constance leaped up and ran over to the couple, throwing her arms around Hapi’s neck with a whine.“Thank the goddess,” she breathed. “You’ve been away for so long. I nearly thought… Oh, never mind!” With relief flooding her body, she almost wanted to laugh at the ridiculous notion that Hapi and Sylvain  wouldn’t have survived. They were two of the strongest, most capable fighters she knew.Hapi, who had made a surprised yelp at the forceful embrace, finally wrapped her arms around Constance’s back. “We’re okay, Coco,” she said. “Though I kinda just want to fall face first into a bed and sleep for a week.”“I take it the war is over, then?” Yuri asked.“Yeah,” Sylvain confirmed in a low, almost mournful voice. “Faerghus has fallen. Dimitri is…”He trailed off into a telling silence. Constance pulled away from Hapi and looked at Sylvain, whose gaze was distant and glazed over as he stared down into the floor. Hapi moved to his side and tugged him into her arms, at which he seemed to partly snap out of his daze and let out a shuddering sigh.“Either way,” he said in a somewhat lighter voice that was clearly forced. “It’s over. I hope.”“And Hubert?” Yuri asked, causing Constance to spin toward him in surprise. He just glanced at her before returning his attention to the redheaded couple. “He in one piece?”Constance swallowed as she turned to Sylvain again, not wanting to even consider the thought that Hubert might have perished in the final battle before they could even have the conversation he had promised her. If he didn’t return, she would have to make good on her ‘threat’: to never let his soul rest in peace. But he couldn’t… he just  couldn’t… “Oh yeah,” Hapi said with a nod as she pulled away from Sylvain. “He’s fine, I think. I didn’t see him much at all—he kept zipping between targets with his magic, showing up for like three seconds to slit someone’s throat before disappearing again—but I heard he played a big part in our victory in the end. Apparently there was a moment of hesitation on Eddy’s part when she faced Didi, and the Bert stopped him from spearing her, giving her a chance to snap out of it and deal the final blow. I bet he’s real proud of that.”Constance exhaled in relief, bringing a hand to her chest. She supposed he  would  be proud that he had managed to be of such great use to the Empress, although she highly doubted he would ever confess to it. He would simply dismiss it with a comment such as,  ‘I only did what was required of me. Nothing more, nothing less.’ “He didn’t return with the rest of us, though,” Sylvain said. “He and Edelgard and a few of their troops continued on to Fhirdiad to make sure the shift in power would go smoothly. They’ll probably be back in a week or two.”“Oh,” Constance said quietly. “I see.” Two more weeks with Yuri then, and without Hubert. Disappointment surged through her, but she forced herself to think positive. She had waited for so long already, she supposed she could wait a while longer. The most important thing was that he was alive.“Well,” Yuri said, patting her on the shoulder as he regarded Sylvain and Hapi. “I guess a ‘welcome home’ party is in order, but I think you two need some time to recharge first, yeah? Let me set things up for tomorrow, and all you have to do is show up. Sounds good?”Sylvain grinned. “Sounds  great, actually.” He tugged Hapi to his side again, leaning down to peck her on the forehead. “C’mon, let’s go rid ourselves of these awful clothes and armor.”Hapi scoffed, pulling out of his grip as she gave him a deadpan look. “Yeah, but just so you know, I’m gonna  sleep. You hear? S-L-E-E-P.”He chuckled, turning to follow her when she started to leave. “You know, I think I’ve heard that line somewhere before. Was it… the night before the battle?” He raised his pitch to make a bad interpretation of Hapi. “‘We need to SLEEP Sylvain, we need the ENERGY Sylvain’. Followed by, ‘What if we DIE, Sylvain’—”She shoved his arm. “Shut up!”“I’m just saying,  I wasn’t the one who couldn’t keep their hands to—”“SHUT UP!”Sylvain’s hearty chuckle echoed down the halls as they took a left outside the doors, moving out of range for Constance to be able to discern the continuation of their banter. She turned to Yuri with her eyebrows raised, at which he burst into laughing and walked back to the table to get his things in order.“Well, seems like you’ll be stuck with me a while longer,” he said. “So what do you say? Want to plan a party together?”She sighed heavily. “I suppose I have no choice.”Constance wrapped her arms over her chest in an attempt to still her racing heart. Her gaze rested unseeingly on the dark water below, only half registering the glittering swirls of light reflecting the torches fastened to the walls. In the distance, she could hear someone’s roguish laughter; and then closer by, the whispers of a secret deal taking place. If she listened closely, she could hear the soft pitter patter of a rat in the wall, and echoing from the North-Eastern corridor were shouts and metal clangs of battle, probably performed for a gambling audience. She wouldn’t call them pleasant sounds perhaps, but they were nevertheless the sounds of her home. How things can change over time.  She couldn’t even imagine what 15-year-old Constance might have thought of Abyss. She definitely wouldn’t have thought that it could ever feel like ‘home’ to her, that was for certain.She turned her head to the left, then to the right, before returning her gaze to the water again with a sigh. She had left the note in a place where she was certain it would be found, but perhaps she had been too optimistic as for the time chosen for their meeting? She knew he had returned to Garreg Mach several hours ago, so he should have had plenty of time to find the note. But perhaps, she thought with a worried twang, she had put too much faith in his ability to find this particular place?The whispers had died out now, causing her to look in the direction they had come from. While she could hear many parts of Abyss from here, few people ever came to this place. She had found it sometime in the early days of the war, and chosen it as her preferred place to write letters to Hubert—or, as she had known him then, Crow. The hypnotizing glowing swirls in the water had stolen her gaze whenever she pondered on the next phrase to ink, and the thought that they would be here for this meeting brought her some measure of comfort.That is, if the meeting ever took place at all.She was beginning to seriously consider leaving when some of the golden swirls in the water were exchanged for dark violet, and a tingle ran up her spine. She took a deep breath, mentally preparing herself, before she turned around to face her visitor.A tall man dressed in dark garments—a gray buttoned shirt underneath a long black cape with a cowl, and simple dark blue pants tucked into sturdy black boots—stood before her. He had his neck slightly bent forward, causing the top of the cowl to hang low enough over his face that she could not see his eyes. As he lifted his head, causing their gazes to meet, one corner of his mouth quirked up. Constance swallowed. She had imagined what words she would say in this moment, but seeing him now somehow made her mouth go dry.“Now that is an expression I know well,” Hubert said in a sardonic voice. “But only rarely on you. Is this where you ask if I came here to kill you?”She let out an offended gasp. “Oh, you—you absolute show-off!”“Yes,” he said with a smirk, “you would know all about that, wouldn’t you?” He raised a gloved hand to push the cowl back from his head, inadvertently ruffling his dark hair slightly through the friction. His gaze moved from his left to his right, taking in the area; although she had to assume he had already mapped it all out and ascertained that no unexpected surprises lurked in any corners. That was simply the way Hubert took in  all areas as soon as he stepped into them. “Did you choose this meeting place for any particular reason?” he asked.She nervously smoothed her hands over her skirt. Taking Yuri’s advice, she had made some changes to her wardrobe in the past week; nothing enormous yet, although she had taken the time to make certain adjustments to a few of her dresses. In fact, her favorite dress had been one of them. After some hesitation, she had cut off the sleeves and shortened the skirt so that it only reached the middle of her thighs. For propriety’s sake, she had chosen to at least wear a pair of black tights beneath her skirt today, in combination with her knee-high boots. All in all, she was rather content with how it had turned out, and it seemed like a good middle-ground to begin with.“I suppose I am fond of this place,” she said, then gestured toward the edge of the pathway behind her, with the dark water beyond. “I sometimes used to sit here in the first five years of the war, watching the patterns in the water as I wrote to you.”As she looked back at Hubert, she saw one corner of his mouth twitch. His gaze moved to the glittering swirls in the darkness below. “I see. It is rather enchanting.”“It is,” she agreed quietly.He looked back up at her, studying her face in silence. There was something so intense about his eyes that she found herself casting her own gaze down and squirming in place, heart throbbing in her chest as she tried to come up with something to say. It seemed neither knew how to broach the subject they both knew needed to be discussed. And now that they were finally completely alone together and in no hurry for the first time in a long while, the weight of it all hung heavily in the air.She had hoped that he would be the one to take the first leap of faith, but when she met his gaze again, she realized that he was waiting for her. He wanted her to take charge. And while part of her had wished he would lead, she had to confess that she appreciated the gesture. “Well,” she said, exhaling heavily. He arched an eyebrow when she didn’t continue, but she tried to pay it no mind. She wouldn’t allow her ridiculous insecurities to ruin this: she was strong. Confident. Independent. In control.“I heard the operation was a success,” she said, mentally cursing at herself for avoiding the crucial subject. “Congratulations on a well-executed strategy.”He inclined his head to her. “Indeed, the King of Faerghus has fallen and Lady Edelgard has finally conquered her adversaries. The Kingdom and the Alliance, that is; I doubt we have seen the last of the former archbishop, who escaped the second we turned the tables on her.” And Thales,  she thought to herself with dismay. They may have destroyed Shambhala, but they had no evidence that Thales or Lysias had been among the rubble. It was likely they had managed to escape before everything crumbled around them.“We would have benefitted from having you there,” he added. “Perhaps then we might have defeated the Church as well.”“Oh?” she said with a sly smile, crossing her arms over her chest. “Is this your attempt at an apology?”“I will not apologize for taking the necessary precautions,” he said, expression stern. “Regardless of your skills, we have yet to learn what effects may follow from the curse. You could just as well have cost us everything.”“I am perfectly fine,” she assured him with a sigh. “Three weeks have passed and nothing has changed.”“That may be so, but I still need more time to look into this,” he said. “A curse is a powerful and obscure kind of elder magic. I refuse to believe that the one Lysias cast was simply ineffective. It may be some dormant kind that will come into effect when we least expect it.”She pursed her lips. It seemed to her that he was being overly cautious, perhaps even a bit irrational with his concern. Three weeks without a speck of a sign, and he was still convinced the curse had been effective? However, seeing that she had even less knowledge of curses than him, there was little she could say without proof. And hopefully, he could help her figure out how to combine the spells needed to find that proof soon.“I’m working on a spell to prove that the curse was just that: ineffective,” she said, hurrying to continue when she saw his expression darken. “I’m sure you  did see it strike me, but clearly nothing has happened since then. If I can prove that no curse is currently affecting my body—”“And how will you prove that?” he interjected sharply.“I was thinking of combining light magic and elder magic, but for that, I shall need your help.”Hubert shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest. “Didn’t I tell you years ago? You can’t simply combine two completely different magical frameworks.”“You also told me that elder magic and faith magic build on the same foundation,” she pointed out, “and one of the first things you wrote in  The Compendium  was that magic formulas and syntaxes are not as rigid as we are taught. Furthermore, you helped me combine lightning magic with the elder tracing spell, and that clearly worked, or I would have been unable to reach you with my letters!”He sighed deeply, letting his arms fall back to his sides. “Constance… I told you before leaving for the Kingdom that I would return with the truth, and I will keep that promise. I have kept you in the dark for too long, about many things, but I’ve learned my lesson. Much of what has happened in the past could likely have been avoided, had I been more generous with my knowledge. I will not make the same mistake again. Therefore, I will be frank with you today, and I will begin by telling you the truth about the tracing spell: The amplification that I added into your formula did very little on its own. I’m sure you noticed that I adjusted the formula in other ways as well.”She frowned, thinking back. “Yes…” He had added a few more aspects to the formula through magical notation, which she had then made use of without much thought at the time. “The reason your tracing spell worked so well,” he said, “was because I adjusted it so that you would always be able to reach me with it.  Me only.” He huffed, glancing to the side. “That may in fact be why Crow refuses to let me out of his sight even now; you’ve bound him to me through the use of your spell. Only reason he isn’t with me right now is because he’s currently asleep on my bed.”Constance stared at him. “Why would you do such a thing? We hadn’t even begun to communicate by letter at that point.”“I did it because I knew that I needed a secure and reliable way to communicate with you while I was away, and by sending you that first note during the war, I was fairly confident I would lure you into trying to reach me with a response.”“But… but what if I had attempted to use the spell for other purposes? I would have reached you instead!” she exclaimed, still not wanting to believe it. He had  tricked her?At this, he gave her a somewhat weary smile. “Naturally I added fail-safes into the formula. If you tried to reach anyone else but me, the spell would simply fizzle. Same thing if you went too far in your quest to find me. It was an incredibly restricted spell, quite honestly; a long shot that happened to work out just as I wanted it to.”She couldn’t believe it. All these years—five years of repeated use of the spell to send him letter after letter—and it had all been a lie? She had never managed to actually trace him at all?And if the tracing spell was a lie, then it wouldn’t do her any good now in disproving the spell either.Feeling stupid for ever having believed in her skills in elder magic, she turned her face away from him. Were there more things he had lied about? More tricks that she had fallen for?“All of this is to say,” he continued, “that there is no reliable way to combine different types of magic. The amplification part was not a lie; I have managed to use fire as an amplifier in my elder spells a few times. But to actually combine the two arts together? I don’t see how that would be possible.”“Do you mean to say that there is no way to see whether I am cursed or not?” she asked quietly.He was silent for a moment before answering, as though considering his response deeply. “Were there such a spell,” he said, “I would have already cast it. I had my hopes on Linhardt’s white magic, but it seems even he could not find anything; nor could he disprove that there was a curse in the first place.”In other words, she was back to square one again: with near-constant surveillance and no ideas on how to proceed. With a dejected sigh, she turned to face the water, wrapping her arms around herself as she stared down into the darkness. “What other lies have you told?” she asked, trying to keep her voice level. While she did not want there to have been any more lies, she knew better than to ignore the possibility.“I… have likely told more than I can recall at the moment,” he said, audibly uncomfortable about her question. She supposed she should at least be happy that he seemed to be telling the truth this time. “However,” he continued, “most of them have been evasions rather than outright lies. In my defense, you have a discerning intellect, which is reflected in the kinds of questions you ask. You must understand that I needed to keep the more sensitive details from you, including the true nature of Lord Arundel and my involvement with those who slither in the dark. Other questions, such as those regarding my past, were necessary to evade in order to protect my identity or Lady Edelgard’s integrity.”“And the tutelage?” she asked. “Did you only approach me because you believed that I could be of use to your dear Empress?”“That may have been true at first,” he acknowledged reluctantly behind her. “Where Lady Edelgard saw a trifling pastime, I saw the potential for something greater. So when I noticed you with  The Compendium… I decided to test the waters. You never were the kind to follow others blindly; I didn’t need to push you very far to make you question the Church. And by then, I had already seen evidence of your tenacity.”She closed her eyes and exhaled slowly through her nose. Edelgard had never taken her seriously, then? What a fool she had been to believe otherwise. But the rest of Hubert’s confession did not come as much surprise to her. She had already come to the conclusion on her own that he initially approached her as a kind of test, to determine whether she could be useful for Lady Edelgard. Fortunately for her, she had passed his test. And after she had proven her allegiance, he had been free to interact with her on slightly freer terms.She did not doubt that his intentions had changed along the way; although certain details were still unclear between them, she knew that his feelings for her were true. However, it still hurt to hear that while she had gone into their communications with full sincerity, he had always been one step ahead of her, pulling at her strings from the shadows.Hubert’s hand landed on her shoulder, prompting her to open her eyes and turn to face him. His expression was determined as his eyes scanned her face.“There is much in my past that I would prefer to keep buried,” he said quietly, “but like I said earlier, I came here today to tell you the truth. I have spent much time in the past weeks pondering what parts to tell and which to leave out, and… I came to the conclusion that I wanted to exclude nothing. I have already asked Lady Edelgard’s permission to share the details of our common past, and she graciously agreed. So if you do not mind, I would like to answer the question you’ve told me so many times in the past, and which I have always evaded: How I became an elder mage.”She stared up at him, all disappointment and sorrow having completely evaporated from her mind in favor of a rekindling of her old curiosity. When he didn’t continue, she realized that he was waiting for her confirmation. “I would be honored to listen,” she assured him solemnly.Hubert took a deep breath, holding his gaze for a moment before giving her a short nod back. “Thank you.”He released her shoulder, took a step back and raised one of his hands between them. She watched in silence as he slowly reached up and removed his glove, revealing the dark web of veins covering his hand. It began just above the wrist as a few lines of faded gray, before deepening in color quickly thereafter and multiplying rapidly. He removed the glove on his other hand as well, tucked both gloves into his pants pocket, and held up his hands in front of her so that she could see them clearly. She followed the lines with her eyes, swallowing as he flexed his fingers, since it seemed to make the dark veins glimmer in the light from the nearby torches.“I told you long ago that faith magic and elder magic are like two sides of the same coin,” he said after a beat, watching her face closely as she continued to stare at his hands in awe. “Elder magic is a warped variant of faith magic. They parted ways many, many years ago, but they are still similar enough that the methods of one can be explained with the other. In this case, I believe the Agarthans were the ones who first discovered the Crest ritual, and as such, they have been finetuning it for centuries.”“The elder ritual?” Constance asked quietly.“Not precisely,” he said. “Or rather, yes, but not necessarily the one you are thinking of. This is one detail I have kept from you until now: there are, in fact, two kinds of elder procedures. One of them is the ritual I have told you about, which entails either implanting a Crest Stone imbued with Agarthan technology into the chest or drinking the blood of another elder mage, with the purpose of granting more power to the subject. The other is the procedure of implanting a foreign Crest into the bloodstream itself; a drawn-out and horrific ritual which Thales and his mages exposed Lady Edelgard to, as well as all of her siblings, many years ago.” He drew in a deep, shuddering breath, clenching his jaw. “Now, seeing that this procedure aims to activate a Crest, it is much more lethal if the subject already possesses one. Which, being descendants of Wilhelm von Hresvelg, Lady Edelgard and her siblings did. Due to this lethality, all but Lady Edelgard perished during the procedure.”Constance glanced up at his face, catching a brief flicker of pain in his eyes. She had heard rumors that Lady Edelgard possessed two Crests, but quickly dismissed the idea since it seemed that it must obviously be humanly impossible. Clearly, she had been too hasty in her judgment. But all of that notwithstanding, she still didn’t quite grasp what he was trying to tell her.“I do not understand,” she said, lowering her gaze to his hands again. “How are the two rituals related? Are you saying that you were forcefully implanted with a Crest as well?”“Not quite. The purpose was never to grant me a Crest…” He trailed off. “It’s quite a long story.”“I am in no hurry, believe me.”Hubert exhaled in a half-sigh. “Very well. I will tell you the story that I have yet to tell anyone. Not even Lady Edelgard.” He lowered his hands, then let his gaze move over to the water, his eyes glazing over. For a while, none of them spoke. She assumed that he needed some time to begin on his own terms. Not knowing what else to do while she waited, however, she carefully reached over and took one of his hands in hers. He didn’t stop her. In fact, his fingers squeezed her back. It filled her with an unexpected warmth.“I was introduced to Lady Edelgard as her vassal when she was four, and I was six,” he began after another moment. “My house has served hers for many generations; from the moment I was born, I belonged to the Hresvelgs. I remember little of my earliest childhood, but I’ve been told that even from a very young age, my father began to teach me the skills I would need to fulfill my purpose. Stealth, knife-wielding, assassination, social manipulation… Along with the less nefarious skills that are expected from a nobleman, of course, so that I would fit right in with Lady Edelgard in her royal circles. Dancing, politics, how to carry myself in polite society; I suspect this part of my education was not so different from yours.”She nodded thoughtfully. She remembered wondering at the night of the ball where Hubert had learned to dance so remarkably well. Her best guess had been that he had learned to dance because nobles were expected to know the craft. Apparently that guess hadn’t been far from the truth.“I do not remember ever questioning any of it,” he continued. “My righteous place was by Lady Edelgard’s side, and it still is. But I suppose there was a time when I did not fully understand what being a vassal meant. Not until Lady Edelgard was injured and my father scolded me harshly for not living up to my duties as her servant. After that day, I swore to never leave her side… And I didn’t. That is, until she was stolen from us. Ripped out of her home and brought by Lord Arundel—as far as I can assume, the  real Lord Arundel, not Thales—to the Faerghus kingdom with no warning.” The corners of his mouth turned downward. He gazed out over the water with something akin to anxiety in his eyes.“I can’t even begin to describe how horrific it was to lose her. She was… She meant everything to me. I was only ten at the time, but I still left the city in a mad rush to rescue her. My father had taught me well, I suppose; it took three days for his soldiers to capture me and bring me back. Of course, it was a hopeless endeavor to go after her: one doomed to fail from the very beginning. I never would’ve reached Fhirdiad.”The image of a ten-year-old Hubert desperately fighting off experienced Vestra soldiers in his search for a young princess Edelgard was not at all shocking to Constance. She could see it in her mind’s eye; a rogue boy with hair as dark as the night and eyes like a reptile, his hands glowing ceaselessly as he fired whatever spells he could conjure at his persecutors. Or, perhaps, his blades gleaming in the moonlight.“When she returned four years later, Lord Arundel had presumably been killed, with Thales surreptitiously assuming his place. I swore that I would never let anything happen to Lady Edelgard again under my watch. But Thales had other plans for her, and I was completely powerless: I could do  nothing to stop him from performing his wicked experiments on her and her siblings…”At this point, Hubert’s voice had lost most of its usual calmness. Constance clasped his hand harder in her grip to signal that he could take whatever time he needed. She would be there.He swallowed thickly and squeezed her hand back once before forcing himself to continue speaking.“It went on for many months, until Lady Edelgard was the only one who remained. The experiments had been successful—at least in Thales’ eyes. She had gained the Crest of Flames, and her hair had lost all color in the process. She was no longer the same girl as she had once been; she was more serious and much less lively, her youthful innocence all but gone. In the first months afterward, she hardly even spoke to me. And still, I would do anything for her. I would eliminate any resistance she faced; color the path she walked red with blood, if necessary. Nothing was more important to me at the time, and that has not changed since.” Hubert let out a sharp exhalation. “That was when Thales approached me.” Feeding on his most devout wishes,  Constance thought to herself. Just as Thales had tried to do with her. He seemed very adept at that kind of manipulation. But the thought that he had once done it with Hubert—a desperate, fifteen-year-old boy—made her blood boil.“He saw my dedication to Lady Edelgard, and offered to grant me the power I would need to keep protecting her even in her new shape. Desperate as I was, I barely even considered the consequences. I accepted his offer.”“He performed the elder ritual on you,” she whispered, clenching her free hand into a tight fist at her side.For the first time during his story, Hubert met her gaze. “Indeed. I didn’t ask for details; it didn’t matter what he did to me, so long as it would serve Lady Edelgard. However, while this ritual is similar to the procedure performed on her, it is much less volatile. The purpose is not to implant a Crest, but to pass on the Agarthan powers and grant more magical strength as well as resilience. As I already told you, an Agarthan Crest Stone is implanted into the chest during the ritual. This is true for the Crest experiment as well, meaning that Lady Edelgard has one; as, apparently, does Byleth, although through a similar procedure performed by the Church.”While it came as something of a shock to hear that Edelgard had a Crest Stone in her chest, it made sense that Byleth had undergone some kind of procedure as well. She remembered discussing it briefly with Hubert in the margins of  The Compendium;  why it was that Byleth could utilize his Relic without the use of a Crest Stone. As far as she could recall, they had never reached a conclusion on that particular subject, but she supposed Hubert had dug into it more closely on his own.“After the ritual, I ended up with magical power I hadn’t even thought possible. Even with little formal training in reason at that point, I could conjure incredibly powerful spells. Hence why I decided to dedicate myself more fully to magic after that, letting my skills with blades come second. But…” He raised the hand she was holding between them, once again showing the black, dimly iridescent webs on his hands. “Even with a Crest Stone to help process the stronger spells, such powerful elder magic takes a toll on the body. This pattern of webs first began to appear on my fingertips soon after the ritual, but it has spread steadily since then. It does not seem to impact my health in any particular way, however.”Constance looked down at his fingers, which were intertwined with hers. While his wrists were mostly free from the black web, his fingers were almost completely covered in it. “Both Thales and Lysias wore gloves,” she suddenly remembered. “As does Lady Edelgard…”“Yes,” he said ruefully, “I’m sorry to say that even Lady Edelgard has discolored fingertips. I believe this is an inescapable side effect of the elder ritual, regardless of version. She has access to the same kind of magic as I do, but she refrains from using it when it isn’t strictly necessary. Hence why the discoloration hasn’t spread quite as far.” Constance nodded slowly as she considered this. Her gaze slid over to his chest, as if there was a possibility that she could see through his skin and bones to discern the Crest Stone inside. Of course, she saw nothing. The only sign of the ritual, she had to assume, was the dark web on his hands.Hubert surprised her then by lifting her hand to his chest and pressing her palm flat against it. She held her breath while she waited, but even when she held completely still, she felt no discernible heartbeat. There was something else, however. It was incredibly discreet; so discreet that she might not have even noticed it if it weren’t for her complete and utter focus on how his chest felt against her palm. A dull sensation that she could only describe as a kind of vibration seemed to emanate from his chest and reverberate through her hand, and she suddenly realized that this was not the first time she had sensed it.The first time had been after the scene by the pond, whereby he had teleported them into an empty dorm room. She had pressed both of her palms against his chest, and she had felt a similar kind of shiver in her hands then.

Another memory popped into her mind: something she’d hardly paid any mind to when she first experienced it—which, in hindsight, was perhaps understandable—but which she now realized could have important repercussions that Hubert needed to be made aware of.“Hubert,” she said urgently, curling her fingertips into his chest. “I believe I know what they wanted your Crest Stone for; and possibly your blood, as well.”Hubert frowned, slowly shaking his head as he looked down at her in confusion. “I beg your pardon?”“I believe… it was to build a Relic. For me.”He stilled, gaze fixed to hers. She could practically see his mind work as he tried to make sense of her words. But before he had the chance to figure it out on his own, she went on to clarify it for him.“It was something Lysias said,” she said, “when Thales attacked you. He told me that the Crest Stone inside your chest… is that of Noa. And that they needed it to power a Relic for me.”She watched Hubert’s eyebrows knit together. He lowered their held hands so that they hung between their bodies again.“That would explain it,” he murmured, his gaze moving away to focus on the water beyond her.She blinked at him. She’d expected him to get angry, or at least show a bit more shock at this revelation, but he was incredibly calm considering the circumstances.“Explain what?”He sighed heavily, shaking his head again. “You are a magical marvel in your own right,” he said, “and perhaps under different circumstances, I might not have batted an eye at the feats you accomplished in Shambhala. But you were already exhausted, and my own feeble reserves should not have strengthened you so remarkably. However… if the elder sharing spell somehow allowed you to draw from the power of the Crest Stone in my chest…” He gave her a thoughtful look, as though he could suddenly gaze through her. “Your Crest already works to preserve your energy beyond what is normally possible. It is not entirely implausible that the Noa Crest Stone strengthens that ability, allowing you to somehow draw even more efficiently from the energy that remains. I shall have to task Linhardt with looking into this possibility.”“You mean…  You might be my Relic?”The possibility hadn’t even occurred to her: that another  human being could grant similar powers to a Relic. Then again, up until just recently, she hadn’t even known that there were live human beings walking around with Crest Stones rather than hearts powering their bodies.“In a sense,” he said, “I suppose. Although it is likely the effect would be heightened if the Crest Stone was paired with a true Relic from Noa. Powerful as I may be, I am not your ancestor.”“Fortunately,” she huffed. That caused him to smile wryly, giving an almost frightening impression in true Vestra fashion. “Hm.”She felt her cheeks warm at his knowing gaze. Suddenly, holding his hand in hers was almost too intense. But she wouldn’t pull away; not when she knew how flighty Hubert could be with these things. If she showed even an ounce of hesitation, she feared that he might withdraw into his shell completely yet again, resetting what little progress they had made.So instead, and even though she felt almost ready to faint at the thought, she reached out and took his other hand in hers as well. His smile instantly faded, exchanged for a wary expression.“I know we should discuss what consequences may arise from this,” she said quietly, making certain to hold his gaze steadily, “but  please,  let us first talk about what we have both been horribly bad at concluding all this time: our future.”She almost added a ‘together’ at the end, but she realized just in time that he may not truly want a future together with her. Her own wishes notwithstanding, she would not simply assume what he did and did not want from their relationship.Hubert’s face seemed to grow pale, but to his credit, he mostly kept up a collected facade. “Yes,” he said in a somewhat strained voice. “The matter of the curse momentarily aside… I have spoken with Lady Edelgard, and I have an offer for you.”Constance widened her eyes. An offer? That he had discussed with the  Empress?  She drew for air. Could… could this be…? She hadn’t expected him to get to the proposal  quite this quickly; not that she would complain—“Two offers, to be more exact,” he continued. “You may choose between them.”Her thoughts stilled.  Two offers. “Er—alright?” she croaked out, not knowing what to believe.“Her Majesty is impressed with your magical feats and your dedication to the Adrestian Empire,” he said. “As a token of her gratitude, she has offered to reinstate House Nuvelle and provide you with monetary compensation for the restoration of your village. In other words, you may return to Nuvelle and rebuild what was stolen from you during the Insurrection of the Seven; take back your rightful noble title.”… Oh.She supposed she should be incredibly happy about that news. After all, was this not what she had strived for ever since that fateful day when she lost everything? This was what she had worked so hard to achieve for the past ten years, and now that it dangled in front of her eyes, she did not quite know how to react. Was this his idea of a happy future for the two of them?Or… or was it… Was it his way of telling her that he did not, in fact, even  want a future with her…?“That… That is very gracious of the Empress,” she said, forcing an unnatural smile. “And… the second offer?”He cleared his throat. “Ah, yes. Lady Edelgard has also been so kind as to offer you a position by her side, as her personal mage. You would be living in the Imperial palace and working closely with me in providing protection for Her Majesty, as well as dedicating yourself to magical research for the benefit of the Empire as a whole. I’m afraid this option does not include a restoration of House Nuvelle. However…” He glanced down at their interwoven hands, swallowing visibly before raising his gaze to meet hers. “Perhaps, if you deemed it suitable… you might choose to join House Vestra instead.”Constance’s next breath hitched in her throat.  Surely not. “I—I,” she breathed, taken aback. “Hubert! Are you… Is that a  proposal?” He let out a sharp exhalation that could indicate either nervousness or amusement; she didn’t quite have the faculties to discern between them at the moment.“I suppose it is,” he said simply.She pulled away, letting her hands slip out of his before she brought one of them to her chest, a restlessness gripping her body. She needed to pace; she needed to move, to think, to consider. She turned around and took three quick strides away from him, stopped to stare out over the dark stream, then spun around again. “Surely you cannot be serious!” she exclaimed, watching his expression darken. “You… You cannot possibly mean to propose to me in such a, a—” She searched for the right word, exasperatedly waving her right hand in the air as though conjuring a spell. “—such a plain manner! I am the last standing scion of House Nuvelle! My skill, my intelligence, is unmatched—and after everything you and I have been through together! After all these years of secrets and forbidden magic and darkness and lies; after dozens of thoughtful letters and romantic insinuations, you—you ask me for my hand as a mere afterthought! No—this is not how it is supposed to be. This is not  right.”Hubert stood silently where she had left him. His gaze was calculating, almost cold, and his mouth downturned. Perhaps he was angry; and so be it, then.“Do you even love me?” she challenged him, her voice reaching higher notes. “Do you even  want to marry me? Considering your nonchalant proposal just now, one might be justified in thinking you did it merely out of a sense of obligation rather than for true love!”By now, Hubert’s gaze was so dark and his mouth so tight that she nearly expected him to burst. But instead, he began to walk with slow, precise strides toward her. She took a step back, holding her breath as he came closer. He stopped less than three feet away, and with his full height towering over her, the top of her head only reaching to his collarbones, the rest of the words she had saved for last immediately died in her throat. His eyes raked over her face, drinking in her expression, which she doubted hid her feelings very well; but she stood tall, trying her best to emanate confidence.“There is something else I have yet to tell you,” he said. “Something which piqued your interest a while back but that I refused to explain when you asked me.”Her eyebrows knitted together as she tried to process his words. Did this have anything at all to do with what had just happened, or had he simply decided to change the subject without warning? She opened her mouth to ask, but stopped herself when he shook his head.“Bear with me.”She closed her mouth again, watching as he walked around to stand behind her. One of his hands came up to touch her shoulder, and despite herself, she jumped, then immediately felt stupid for her reaction.“I am referring to the day of our Chess game,” he said, “and the magic I used to shield you from the sun.”With only a single sentence, her curiosity was piqued again. Yes, she remembered that day very well. He had been ‘careless’ and forgotten to think of the reflections in the pond, causing her to figure out what he had done. When she had asked him how he did it, he simply told her to leave it. “It was not light magic,” she said, recalling what little information he had revealed to her.“No, it was not.” “Is it possible to achieve the same effect with elder magic?”“No.” His hand edged closer to her hair, moving it slightly to the side as he neared her neck. “Elder magic can be used for many things,” he said quietly. “Whether good or bad depends on the wielder. But it has its restrictions.”He leaned in toward her, then carefully tucked her hair away from her neck completely, allowing his breath to puff against the side of her face. She shivered pleasantly at the unexpected intimacy, already feeling blood rush to her cheeks.“For example,” he continued as he gently placed his hands on her shoulders, “I have yet to find a way that I can play with light and create new things in the environment in the way that you can do so elegantly with your faith magic. What you showed me in the pond that day truly was breathtaking.” His hands slipped down from her shoulders to her arms. At the same time, he leaned in further, far enough that she could feel his lips brush against the top of her ear.“However,” he said in a near-whisper, “there is something that elder magic can do which faith magic cannot. Something that you have only yet had a small taste of.”He fell silent, and she realized with a small jolt that she had closed her eyes somewhere along the line. She opened them now, letting out a single word in little more than a breath. “What?”He took a step back, letting his hands drop completely. “Turn around.”Slowly, uncertain of what to expect, she did as he said. At first, she saw nothing out of place. Then Hubert met her gaze—and in an instant, their surroundings began to change.The dark, murky hallways and brooks of Abyss faded, being exchanged for an explosion of color and light. Constance raised a hand to her face to shield her eyes, bending her neck to peer up at the blue sky that was quickly opening up above her. All around them, the Abyssian walls and their mounted candles changed into large trees, lush rose bushes and all kinds of colorful flowers and plants along a gravel path that had appeared beneath their feet. Even the sounds changed; the low hums, distant echoes and dripping water faded out and turned into bird song, the rustle of leaves and music flowing toward them from the distance. A soft breeze passed by, caressing her face and stirring her hair. The scent of roses, coupled with the barest hint of the sea, filled her nose.Mouth falling open, Constance spun around to take it all in. This was familiar.  Too familiar. Everything she expected to see as she let her gaze roam was there—the proud white buildings nearby, the entrance to a neat and well-groomed labyrinth built entirely out of bushes, a calm pond with a surface like a perfect mirror—not a single little detail out of place from what she could remember. And when she once again looked up, the sky was completely blue—but there was no sun visible anywhere. Still, she could feel its warmth on her arms and face.“Hubert—what—this is—”“The Nuvelle gardens,” he said matter-of-factly, taking in the area with a calm expression. “Quite the beautiful place.”“Hubert,” she repeated, impatient now. “What is this magic? How are you doing this? Even with light magic, I—I could never create something this…  vivid.” A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he met her gaze again. “Ah, yes,” he said. “Vivid. Didn’t I once tell you in  The Compendium that elder magic can be used to create vivid dreams?”She stared at him, then looked to her sides again, studying her surroundings with more suspicion this time. But everything was still just as she could remember from her childhood. And this was nothing like when he had warned her to flee Shambhala in a dream; this was  much more colorful and faithful to reality, complete with scents and everything. “Surely this cannot be a dream? As far as I recall, I am wide awake.”“Indeed,” he confirmed. “This is not a dream. But the same kind of magic can be used to fool the mind that it is experiencing something from its past; be it a full memory, a person, or a location. As such, it will be effective even when the target is awake. We are still standing in Abyss, but your mind is playing a trick on your senses, causing you to experience the gardens of your old home in Nuvelle. And after I have shaped the scene, I can make the necessary adjustments, such as removing little details. Last time, I merely laid an image of a sky without a sun on top of the real sky. Everything else was untouched.”Constance drew in a deep breath. The scents, the sounds, the feeling of gravel beneath her feet… It all felt so incredibly real. Perhaps even more real than Abyss had felt before they left for this place. Would she also be able to cast elder magic like this, or would she need to go through the ritual first?“Unlike your light magic, this does not truly exist outside the boundaries of your mind,” he continued. “I cannot make anyone else experience what we are currently seeing.”“And you?” she asked, noting how he said ‘we’. “How come you can see it?”He cleared his throat. She turned her head to look at him again, narrowing her eyes when she saw the discomfort on his face.“Yes, that… is why I never told you how I removed the sun for you. In order to bring forth a memory, I need to reach into your subconscious mind and pull it back to the forefront of your attention. I experience it with you because… Well.”“Because you are reading my mind,” she said, shocked at her own words. She hadn’t known such a thing was even possible.“Not quite,” he hurried to assure her. “I know only what we are currently seeing. There is no mind-reading involved; I can only locate and recreate a memory if I already know it exists. I know of this place because you showed part of it in the pond the day that you cast your light spell. However, the spell only works if I... let myself in, so to speak.”“Remind me never to get in your bad graces,” she said with an incredulous scoff. “I assume this is quite the useful tool to have in interrogations and such.”He didn’t reply with words, but his shadowed expression told her all that she needed to know.  Best not to ask.  Then again, all magic could be used for both bad and good, she supposed.She closed her eyes and breathed the scents in again. When she exhaled, all of her muscles seemed to exhale with her. She still didn’t feel completely comfortable with the idea of Hubert digging around in her memories, but at the moment, she was too wrapped up in the bliss of being back at her old home that she didn’t mind enough to complain. And she assumed he must have created it for a reason.Which reminded her of what they had been discussing before he decided to show her all of this.She opened her eyes again, confused at first when she didn’t see Hubert anywhere, but then she realized that he was crouching on the ground in front of her.No, not crouching. He was—Her heart jumped.He was standing on one knee. As she watched in stunned silence, he moved one hand behind his back while offering the other to her, palm up. For a moment, he simply held her gaze, as if to gauge her reaction. And perhaps he appreciated what he found in her expression, for he didn’t wait long before choosing to speak.“Lady Constance von Nuvelle,” he said in a low voice that made a small shiver run through her. “Sorcery incarnate, mistress of reason. You are already on your way to conquering the darkness. Rule the shadows with me, and I shall help you conquer the light as well.”Her heart was practically galloping in her chest at this point. She brought a hand to the middle of her chest in an attempt to calm herself down, but all it did was make her heartbeats even more distinct. Although she supposed this was theoretically his  second proposal, meaning that she should have expected what was to come, she couldn’t help but feel dazed at the image in front of her: Hubert kneeling on the ground, in the gardens of her childhood home, with his bright gaze earnestly focused on her…Even in his simple, dark outfit, with the lower edge of the cape pooling on the gravel beneath them, he was absolutely stunning in that moment.“I’m afraid I can offer you no ring just yet,” he added in an apologetic tone. “I intended to purchase one in Fhirdiad, but there was no time. However, I assure you that I will get you one posthaste.”“Hubert,” she breathed. “I—”Her next words caught in her throat. She wanted to say yes; she wanted  so badly  to say yes! But as she gazed down at him, taking in the webbed pattern on his hand and the edge of his gloves sticking out from his pocket, she realized that although he had been unexpectedly honest with her today, a small doubt still persisted in the deepest recesses of her mind. And she knew that this doubt, deep and dark and shameful, needed to come into the light before she could give him her answer; before she could confidently accept him as her husband.She swallowed, feeling faint at the thought.“Hubert…”“Yes?”His voice was level but wary, as though he was already preparing for a rejection.“I wish to ask you something,” she said in a trembling voice, “and I need you to answer sincerely.”He clenched his jaw, then gave a short nod. “I see. And what is your question?”“If I accepted your allegiance to Lady Edelgard, and acknowledged that I would always come second…” She paused, momentarily doubting herself. She could still stop here, never get an answer to her question, and try to live as happily as she could without knowing. Perhaps she would be better off not hearing the truth. But… She was Constance von Nuvelle, a magical prodigy and researcher, and what kind of researcher worth their salt would shy away from the truth? She couldn’t back down now.“Would you truly want to spend your life with me? Would you love and care for me on your own free will, both as an equal and a friend, and as a…” She drew in a shaky breath. “As a woman?”Something changed in his expression then, and she realized he must have expected her to ask something completely different, for his tightly clenched muscles immediately loosened, his face falling as he seemed to marvel over the question. To her surprise, he stood up then, taking both of her hands in his as he gazed down at her with something almost tender in his eyes.“I can see why that would be of concern to you,” he said quietly. “Truthfully, I have never had a reason to even consider marrying for personal reasons before. I always assumed that whenever I did marry, it would be simply because it was beneficial to Lady Edelgard; whether for her political gains, or to produce an heir to serve as vassal to hers. I didn’t see myself ever marrying for love. It wasn’t exactly something I mourned, seeing how no one ever caught my interest. But now, after coming to know  you and developing feelings unlike any I have encountered before… At last, I’ve learned what it feels like to yearn for something for my own, selfish reasons. And I’ve realized that I want more than I ever believed I could have.”The sound of birds twittering in a nearby tree and scent of roses from the garden were all but drowned out by the light gleaming in his eyes as he raised a hand to her cheek. She sighed softly as his fingers caressed her skin, running carefully along the side of her jaw before stroking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. He smiled, and while that smile held some small amount of insecurity, the happiness seemed unusually pure on him.“If you could accept the necessary conditions for a marriage with me, then I would gladly spend the rest of my life doing my best to please you, in any way that I could. Whether that be as your confidant, your tutor and your friend… or as a man.”His voice dipped a few steps lower than usual at the last few words, and Constance’s heart nearly sprung out of her chest. Her knees suddenly weak, she was incredibly grateful when Hubert reached down to wrap an arm around her waist in order to keep her steady. In doing so, she inadvertently came much closer to him, and the sudden closeness made her gasp. Hubert exhaled in what could be either amusement or relief. He gazed down at her, still smiling, and by the goddess, she wanted to kiss him. She wanted to grab his cheeks and pull him down to her level and kiss him; breathe his air, merge with his body, feel his emotions. But when she gripped the front of his shirt and stood on tiptoe to reach him, he straightened further instead of leaning in to meet her, making it impossible for her to reach his lips.“Was my reply to your satisfaction?” he asked in a teasing voice.At first she just tutted at him, but then she decided to play along. “Oh,  so satisfactory, my Lord,” she said in an exaggeratedly breathless and awe-struck voice. “You truly know how to please a woman, don’t you!”Hubert’s face instantly fell, his cheeks coloring. She couldn’t help the giggle that slipped out then. Perhaps she had gone  slightly overboard… To be quite honest, she was not entirely sure where those lines had come from, but while she felt a sliver of shame now, it was almost titillating.As Hubert’s first shock died down, amusement returned to his eyes, and he began to laugh. It was a low, discreet laughter, but it still filled her with relief and joy. His laugh felt reserved for her; it felt private and special.“If  that  is all you need from me, I believe I shall indeed be able to satisfy you.”She sighed and shook her head as he chuckled one last time. “Now that is not what a woman wants to hear.”He squeezed her waist, causing her to yelp and jerk slightly in his grip. He took the opportunity to tug her closer, and before she knew it, her body was flat against his. Feeling her own cheeks heat rapidly, she looked up at his face and saw that his smile had been exchanged for an intense, almost possessive gaze that he now aimed straight down at her.“I do believe,” he murmured in that low voice again, “that I know what this woman wants to hear.”Her breath caught in her throat, causing her reply to come out breathlessly—this time, in full sincerity. “O-oh?”Moving his free hand to gently grip her chin, he guided her face upward, then lowered his own head and leaned in until she could feel his breath on her lips. She closed her eyes expectantly, but then he paused just there, causing her eyes to flicker open again. As their gazes met, he whispered,“Will you marry me?”She gasped, and in what seemed to be an almost subconscious action on his part, he parted his own lips to share in the breath.“Yes,” she breathed, but the sound was immediately muffled when she pushed herself up on tiptoe and met his mouth with hers. His hand slipped away from her chin and moved to the back of her head, his fingers already tangling with her hair as she pushed herself into him with her whole body. She kissed him firmly and urgently, smiling when he groaned softly in response. But this time, this kiss, he was neither in a weakened state nor uncertain about their future together, and it showed. It showed in how he met her tongue without a sliver of hesitation; in how his hands roamed lower and lower on the back of her body; and then, when he seemed to tire of the difference between their heights, in how he hooked his hands around her thighs and hoisted her upward, decisively guiding her legs around his torso.She gasped as her body erupted in a sudden heat wave, incredibly grateful to her past self for choosing to wear tights beneath her short skirt. She only just registered how he swiped a hand to the side to teleport them over to the nearest wall before he pushed her up against it with an ardor that completely stole her breath away. He pulled away from her mouth and lowered his head to kiss her neck instead, one hand clasping the backside of her thigh by his side while the other palm pressed against the wall next to her shoulder. The sensation of his fingertips digging into her sensitive skin, even through the tights, made her throw her head back and draw for air as she tried to collect her thoughts.“Hubert,” she breathed, gripping his shoulders. “This—this isn’t proper…”He paused beneath her ear, panting softly against her skin. “Do you wish me to stop?”Her head swam with indecision, heart pounding at the intensity of it all. Her body being wedged between him and the wall, she could feel every single one of his breaths as though they were her own, and his body heat enveloped her from all directions, causing her to just about boil in her clothes. With her legs locked around him like this, she was fairly certain this was the most intimate she had ever been with anyone—even Yuri—and while her body was practically screaming at her to tell him to continue, some sense of propriety and reason still remained in her brain. Perhaps she should slow down just  slightly;  save the urgency for a later date.“Well… N-no, not really, but,” she stammered out, even now unable to ask him to stop.Hubert hummed out a soft laugh, planting one last kiss on her neck before starting to pull away. He graciously helped her down on her feet, then lifted a hand to cup her cheek. His lips were a darker color than usual, and his eyes were more alive than she had ever seen them; he was breathtaking to look at.“Right,” he said lightly, still somewhat out of breath. “I suppose we’ll have to continue this on our wedding night, then.”He smirked as her mouth fell open, and for a moment he looked almost joyfully devious. Constance quickly cast down her gaze, afraid that she would burst into flames if she looked at him for even a second longer.“Right,” she echoed. She could barely hear her own voice over the thrumming of her heart in her chest. Since when is Hubert von Vestra such a charmer? Was it the certainty of finally understanding that she truly wanted him that had made him this bold? He looked more relaxed and carefree than ever before; almost as an entirely different person compared to the dark and dour man she had first met. As she tried to catch her breath, the bright colors, vibrant sounds and sweet scents of the Nuvelle gardens faded away, exchanged for the murkiness of Abyss. She realized she still stood with her back against a wall, and wondered distantly whether the image of the gardens was simply painted onto their normal surroundings, or whether she would have felt leaves tickle her fingers if she had brushed them against one of the bushes. She suspected she would have more opportunities to experiment with that in the future.For now, she settled with mustering enough courage to look up at Hubert’s face again. As she met his gaze, he smiled again, but this time it was more of a pleasant smile than a devious one. She exhaled in relief; she didn’t know whether she would have been able to withstand that smirk a second time without combusting.She supposed she must have looked quite amusingly dazed, because his smile seemed to quiver somewhat, and then he cleared his throat and looked away, bringing his hands behind his back.“Well then,” he said, as though to give himself a moment to fully regain his senses. “I suppose I should give you a chance to cool down and—”“What?” she exclaimed. “No! You are not leaving me with Yuri! He will know as soon as he sees me—there will be no end to his teasing!”Hubert raised an intrigued eyebrow. “I find that difficult to believe.”“You do not know him the way I do. Either way, I am coming with you,” she said firmly. Before he could argue, she hooked her arm in his and looked up at him with a decisive gaze. “Where to?”He sighed, but when he met her eyes, he was smiling. “The shadow library, I suppose. I heard you know your way around the place. Care to give me a proper tour?”“Ahaha!” she laughed, already nudging him forward. “Know my way around? I am practically the librarian! Come with me, and I’ll acquaint you with what must surely be the best place in Fódlan to delve into the mysteries of magic.”As Yuri made his way to the inn that night, he caught the sound of voices coming from the shadow library. Halting his steps, he strained his ears to listen. Was that… Yes, that was definitely Constance’s laughter.With soft steps, he slipped over to the shadows by the doorway and peeked inside. The sight that met him was so unexpected he could only stare at it in silence.Hubert von Vestra stood in front of one of the innermost bookshelves, holding an open book in his left hand. But his attention was focused on the woman standing with her back against the shelf, gazing up at him with an enthusiastic smile on her lips as she talked to him in an eager voice; a woman dressed in a short dress and tights, with long blond ringlets of hair flowing down over her shoulders and her hands hidden behind her back. The two stood so close to each other that they were nearly touching, and while Hubert seemed to be in the middle of browsing the shelves, he smiled down at her with such warmth that Yuri almost doubted that it was even him for a second.“We need to invite the Aegirs, of course,” she rattled happily, “if only so I can revel in Ferdinand’s envy when he sees the grandness of it all.”“Of course,” Hubert echoed in an amused voice.“Oh! And I shall need to ask Hapi about those extremely delicious pastries she sometimes shares with me! Which brings me to the food; do you think Yuri will want to cook? No, no, of course not—silly me, he shall be invited as a guest of course, not a servant! How are the cooks at the palace, Hubert? Do you think they will do?”“I’ve never found a reason to complain, but I’ll leave that assessment as well as the final decision to you.”Constance sighed happily, watching as Hubert exchanged his book for a new one and casually flipped through its pages. She gasped and jumped eagerly then, her eyes lighting up as they always did when she drew something exciting to mind.“Ohh—the dress! Oh, what color should it be? I suppose it is tradition for the bride to wear white, but I do look stunning in lavender pink. Perhaps in combination with white lace? What do you think? Hubert?” “Mm?” he said, gaze running across one of the pages in the current book. Constance reached up to grab his collar, causing him to return his attention to her. “Lavender pink,” he repeated then. “Is that the color you wore in your dream?”She giggled, smoothing her hands over his shirt. “Close enough.”“Then yes,” he said, lowering his head to place a gentle kiss on her forehead. “You do look quite stunning in it.”“Just you wait,” she said in a somewhat lower voice as she held him in place with her hands clasping his collar again. “You have seen  nothing yet.”She tugged him down into a full kiss, at which Yuri finally managed to tear himself away. He swallowed, trying to decide what he felt about what he had just seen. Happy? Not exactly. Relieved? Not in the slightest; far from it, actually. But… nevertheless, there was something almost contagious about Constance’s joy, and he found himself smiling a confused smile as he steered his steps toward the inn again. He didn’t think he’d ever trust Hubert, or forgive him for that matter. But he clearly made Constance happy, and if anything, that was probably enough to at least bury the hatchet.For now.

